on demonetisation, modi said his decision to ban notes has shaken congress to the core after the black money that they had hoarded turned valueless and was taken away in one stroke .
participating in the debate, naresh agarwal (sp) said former prime minister manmohansingh , who was in the house, had earlier said that gdp growth will slowdown by 2 percentage points due to the impact of demonetisation.
new delhi: even while the opposition stayed adamant in attacking the manner of rollout of demonetisation, prime minister modi told an all party meeting on tuesday evening that the decision on scrapping old high denomination notes is a crusade against corruption and black money.
on demonetisation, pranabmukherjee said the move may have led to a temporary slowdown in the economy, but would bring more transparency into the system.
on the issue of demonetisation, arunjaitley said the congress government had not initiated any step against black money.
in the same year, nearly a month after prime minister modi announced the decision to scrap old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, it was reported that a record number of 564 maoists surrendered in the last 28 days.
his plans were pushed back when prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8.
justifying the 2016 demonetisation, modi said it unearthed huge black money.
in his speech at a function in pune, modi said, enemies took advantage of the 14 lakh crore of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes in circulation.
asked whether his criticism of the centre appeared to be hypocritical, given that the telugu desam party (tdp), of which he is the president, had been part of the national democratic alliance (nda) government till march this year, naidu said, i was against the demonetisation of the high-value currency notes, and said so after the move was announced.
still, the best overall performance of the economy was recorded since october 2016, endorsing the standpoint that the economy is recovering from the implementation of the twin shocks of demonetisation and gst, dodhia said.
new delhi: the reserve bank was fully prepared to deal with currency shortages post demonetisation and has enough currency in its chests to last far beyond december 30, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
naidu said the biggest achievement of demonetisation was that money which was hiding in bed, bathrooms and iron safes had come back to banks.
while inaugurating the pune metro, modi , in a veiled attack on the congress for opposing demonetisation,said the sins of benami properties would not have happened and people would not be standing in queues now had necessary decisions been taken in the past.
mocking the bsp and the samajwadi party, prime minister modi said both came together against the demonetisation scheme though they usually oppose each other on most topics.
long queues have been seen outsides banks since prime minister modi announced scrapping of banknotes of rs 500 and rs 1,000 to curb black money.
to help small traders meet their business requirements, das said the government has decided to increase the cash withdrawal limit to rs 50,000 per week for small businesses.
with opposition parties alleging that top bjp leaders knew about demonetisation in advance and protected their ill-gotten gains, prime minister modi asked all his party mps and union ministers to share their bank transaction details from november 8 to december 31 with party chief amit shah.
stating that none of the objectives mentioned by the centre for note ban have been achieved, modi said campaign would expose the real motive behind demonetisation scheme.
referring to the november 8 demonetisation of `500 and `1,000 notes, modi said he knew that people with ill-gotten wealth will become his enemies but the people are with him.
in his television address, modi had said: honest citizens want this fight against corruption, black money, benami property, terrorism and counterfeiting to continue.
speaking on mondays protests against demonetisation, ram said they were not opposed to taking action against hoarders or eliminating fake currency.
prime minister modi had announced the demonetisation of high denomination banknotes on november 8.
in the backdrop of the industry's demand to reduce the proposed gst rates of 5 per cent, 12 per cent, 18 per cent and 28 per cent after demonetisation, cbec chairman najib shah said the centre and the states collected rs 8 lakh crore from indirect taxes, minus customs duty, and the same level of revenue had to be collected in the gst regime.
on november 8 (when modi announced demonetisation) modiji told you that i am your pm and listen to my mann ki baat.
it is a fact that perhaps the demonetisation process, as was pointed out, may cause a momentary setback or momentary slowdown (to the country's exports), commerce secretary rita teaotia said.
das said, jan-dhan account holders should not allow other people to use their accounts to convert their black money into white.
in an attempt to weed out black money, prime minister modi had announced the decision to scrap old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 last year.
the decision to ban cash transactions beyond a threshold is based on the recommendation of the special investigation team on black money that was set up by the supreme court, arunjaitley said while presenting union budget 2017-18 in parliament.
in a speech laced with barbs and humour, modi said opportunities were given to those with black money to come clean.
asked whether his criticism of the centre appeared to be hypocritical, given that the telugu desam party (tdp), of which he is the president, had been part of the national democratic alliance (nda) government till march this year, babu said, i was against the demonetisation of the high-value currency notes, and said so after the move was announced.
rohatgi told the apex court that general rule is that the cash transactions in the market should not be more than four per cent of the gdp but it is 12 per cent in india.
in his speech to the joint sitting of both houses, president ram said, the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace.
dubbing demonetisation as a shameless flop show, mamatabanerjee asked the common people to rise in protest even as tmc activists staged dharnas in front of rbi office in kolkata as well as cbi office besides many places in the districts in west bengal.
on november 8, 2016, prime minister babu in a televised address to the nation had announced demonetisation of the old high-value currency value notes.
chief minister devendra fadnavis has asked district collectors to set up camps to educate the public about the benefits of cashless economy and train them in using this mode of transaction.
in kanpur, modi said demonetisation is a step to promote digital transactions to check black money.
the then finance minister arunjaitley had told rajya sabha in response to a question on december 18, 2018 that according to information available three officials of state bank of india and one of its customers died during the period of demonetisation.
hyderabad: days after ap chief minister chandrababu ram said people are fast losing faith in the banking system, the two telugu-speaking states  telangana and andhra pradesh  have joined hands on the cash crunch, contesting union finance minister arun jaitleys claims that the cash shortage is only a temporary phenomenon.
prime minister modi on tuesday announced demonetization of rs 500 and 1000 currency notes with effect from midnight, making these notes invalid in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
responding to allegations on the governments failure to bring back black money, modi said had the upa government set up the special investigation team (sit) in 2011 as per a supreme court directive, the process would have started by now.
addressing the media in new delhi about prime minister's meeting on sunday to review, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said monday that the atm re-calibration has started and some of the atms will start dispensing higher denominations, including 2000 rupee notes, from today or tomorrow.
prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation on november 8, a decision that sucked out 86  of the currency notes in circulation and left millions lining up at banks and atms for cash.
while acknowledging that the cash crunch would only ease post december 30, arunjaitley said that the amount of cash to be issued in the form of new 500 and 2,000 rupee notes would not be the same as the amount circulating before november 8, when prime minister narendra modi announced the so-called demonetisation.
in an address to the nation on december 8, 2016, prime minister modi had said the note recall was aimed at tackling corruption, black money, terror funding and fake currency.
with them, we are not having dtaa, but we are entering into agreement, which is called exchange of tax information, pranabmukherjee said, adding that the problem of black money can be addressed only in a legal way.
agra, nov 20, 2016 (pti) 18:32 istprime minister modi today said political leaders behind multi-crore chit fund scams are attacking him as they have been hit hard by demonetisation, in remarks seen as sharp attack on west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee.
asked if it was now clear that demonetisation led to lower growth, arunjaitley said: what you think is very clear is not very clear.
patna: senior bjp functionary modi on tuesday said rajesh agrawal, the chartered accountant of mishail packers and printers pvt ltd, an alleged shell firm run by rjd chief lalu prasad's eldest daughter misa bharti and her husband shailesh kumar, has confessed to enforcement directorate (ed) that he had converted black money to the tune of rs 1.
prime minister narendramodi announced about the demonetisation in his address to the nation at 8 pm on the same day after cabinets approval.
the reserve bank of india had warned the government about demonetisation hours before prime minister narendramodi announced the move on november 8, 2016, congress leader jairan ramesh said at a press conference on monday.
on implementation of demonetisation process, prime minister narendramodi yesterday said the government was always ready for the discussion on the issue but the opposition was only interested in tv bytes and not debates.
guwahati: prime minister modi today said the demonetisation drive was a tough decision to take in view of the opposition parties' constant efforts to turn people against it.
das said it had been decided to constitute technology teams to hasten the pace of recalibrating the atms for the new high-denomination notes.
around 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister modi said in rajya sabha today, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
promising a new nation in a new year and a clean-up of what he called the 70-year-old slush pile of black money, prime minister narendramodi told his party mps tuesday that the decision to demonetise notes of higher denomination was to help the poor.
but our objective is to wipe out black money and end terror financing, mr. rohatgi said.
all the 125 crore people of the country have equal value and importance, modi said in his monthly radio programme mann ki baat in which he also pushed for more digital transactions, informed about the launch of south asia satellite on may 5 and spoke about some other issues.
union finance minister arun jaitley has said that the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
(file photo)finance minister arun jaitley today said the currency is in surplus and the ministry is monitoring status of atms on a daily basis to sort out operational issues.
the government and opposition parties were thursday locked in a bitter war of words with finance minister arun jaitley citing a spike in the number of taxpayers to staunchly defend demonetisation while congress president rahulgandhi said the note ban cost 1.
modi said that while making the announcement to ban rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, he was aware that people will face inconvenience but i had requested the people of india to bear this short-term painfor long-term gain.
prime minister modi on tuesday night announced the surprise demonetisation of higher denomination notes.
it would be good if the banks make some arrangements to ensure smaller denomination notes are made available in atms.voicing similar opinion, subitha kumar from shantinagar said, we have been struggling ever since prime minister modi announced the demonetisation.
prime minister modi had announced on november 8, 2016 that rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes, which constituted about 86 per cent of total currency in circulation, will cease to be legal tender.
prime minister narendramodi (source: pti photo/file) prime minister narendramodi (source: pti photo/file)as part of his push for digital payments, prime minister narendramodi today asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments bharat interface for money (bhim) app for transactions.
demonetisation, doubtless one of the most significant decisions of independent india that shook the entire nation, was there merely as a passing reference although prime minister narendramodi had claimed india would emerge like gold after the ordeal of the first 50 days.
he said modi had also said that black money stashed abroad is equal to five union budgets and that it was enough to put rs 15 lakh in the account of all indian citizens.
(representational image) the drive for digital payment channels and financial inclusion will ensure direct benefit transfers to indians and will bring them in formal financial system, naidu said.
700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation: pmnew delhi, feb 8, 2017 (pti) 21:29 istaround 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister modi said in rajya sabha today, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
#demonetisation, mamatabanerjee said in a series of five tweets on wednesday.
pti file photoa day after data showed indias key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said demonetisation did not see a 2  dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended.
admitting that the demonetisation drive has caused some short-term pains to the public, modi said this will bring in benefits in the long-term.
new delhi, aug 15, 2015, (pti): 10:31 istcommitting to carry forward the fight against black money, prime minister modi today said rs 6,500 crore of undisclosed foreign assets have been declared under the compliance window of the new law and the drive would continue despite its 'side effects'.
in a facebook post on the second anniversary of demonetisation, arunjaitley said in first four years of the national democratic alliance government, the number of income tax returns filers has gone up to 6.
referring to recent rumours about shortage of salt in the country, modi said this is being done by those whose black money is being rendered useless.
read|demonetisation has been monumental management failure, says manmohanchidambaram castigated modi for quoting from madhav godboles book in which the former bureaucrat claimed that former pm indira gandhi had rejected the idea of demonetisation telling then finance minister yb chavan about electoral compulsions.
modi claimed that while all political parties stood together on the issue of corruption, both mayawati and sp patriarch mulayam singh yadav were both angered by his note ban decision.
finance minister arunjaitley today in his talk on note ban to ndtv said that security printing of currency is a time-consuming exercise, however, rbi is calibrating release of currency.
to combat evils of black money, corruption, counterfeit currency and terror financing, pranabmukherjee said the government took the decision on november 8 to demonetise old 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes.
the contraction in industrial production in december as per the latest data is the fallout of demonetisation and expansion is expected in the coming months, finance minister arunjaitley said on friday.
singling out the gandhis for seeking account of demonetisation, modi asked whether the mother-son duo who are out on bail for financial irregularities would give him certificate of honesty.
the centres demonetisation drive did not have any impact on rabi sowing and prices of crops like paddy, soyabean and maize, niti aayog member ram has said.
annapurna singh, new delhi, dh news service may 2 2017, 14:20 ista day after data showed india's key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said demonetisation did not see a 2  dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended.
a day after prime minister modi announced ban on rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes to tackle corruption and black money, government had on november 9 said that no toll fee would be collected on national highways till november 11 midnight.
after prime minister narendramodi announced the withdrawal of old currency notes of rs 1,000 and rs 500 on november 8, 2016, atms across the country had to be recalibrated to fit new notes of rs 2,000 and rs 500.
antalya (turkey), nov 16, 2015 (ians) 16:19 istindia has zero tolerance on black money and corruption, prime minister modi said on monday, the second and final day of the g20 summit here.
speaking in a public rally in goa, a few days after announcing demonetisation on 8 november, 2016, prime minister narendramodi had asked for 50 days from the people of india for note-ban related hardships to endit has been 100 days since modi announced the scrapping of 86  of indias currency in circulation.
citing a book, modi told bjp mps that when then finance minister y b chavan went to prime minister indira gandhi and supported the recommendations on demonetisation, she had asked if the congress did not have to fight elections.
asked about recalibration of atms and banks, meghwal said out of total  2.18 lakh atms across the country, around  1.98 lakh have been recalibrated as on january 4, 2017.
after the note ban, modi made honest and hardworking citizens to stand in queues outside banks, gandhi said.
prime minister narendramodi had announced the demonetisation move on november 8.
new delhi: all automatic teller machines (atms) will be re-calibrated in the next few days to ease the flow of currency notes and to reduce the inconvenience faced by the public, says the economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das.
tmc mp sukhendu sekhar roy at the parliament house express photo tmc mp sukhendu sekhar roy at the parliament house express photopointing out that prime minister modi had said that hardships will last only 50 days after demonetisation of high-value currency on november 8 last year, opposition parties, led by the trinamool congress (tmc), on wednesday slammed the government for continuing restrictions on cash withdrawal from banks and atms even 90 days on.
spelling out advantages of demonetisation, meghwal said that it will help lower interest rate.
ridiculing the idea of cashless economy, ram said nowhere in the world has such kind of economy been fully implemented.
saying that he was ridiculed when he first pitched for digital payments, modi said the experiences narrated by the beneficiaries were a befitting reply to such naysayers.
talking about demonetisation, modi said some people are still not able to sleep and are very upset because all their black money business is now accounted in banks.
this will make digital payments easy even for those who cannot read or write, thus realising ambedkars vision of social and financial empowerment for all, modi said.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , a strident modi critic, told journalists after the opposition meeting that all parties criticised the government's handling of kashmir, caste clashes in saharanpur, demonetisation and incidents of cow vigilantism.
attacking former prime minister manmohan singh, who has been unsparing in his criticism of demonetisation, modi said he advocated strong measures against corruption and black money but did nothing during his rule of 10 years.
in a few months, rs 1,000 notes with new features will be brought into the market, said economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das while addressing the economic editors conference.
defending government's decision to demonetise rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, arunjaitley said cash is the biggest facilitator of crime even though he agreed that there will be crime even if there is less cash.
defending demonetisation, modi said the governments fight against corruption is not political.
in his november 8 speech announcing the demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi had said people could deposit their old 500 and 1,000-rupee notes in their bank accounts till march 31.
stating the move was essential in the fight against black money, modi said the public could deposit their old notes at banks or post office accounts till december 30.
prior to november 8, the day prime minister modi announced scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 banknotes, around rs 13,000 crore was fed daily into the countrys 220,000 atms.read | 50 days of demonetisation: atm queues shorter but ripples to remain in januarythough cash situation is better, queues can still be seen outside several atm kiosks, primarily due to withdrawal restrictions  rs 4,500 per day and rs 24,000 a week.
speaking on hardships faced by the people in wake of demonetisation, modi said: many people in this country are uneducated, but we should be proud that they are ready to suffer problems to help the country get rid of corruption.
trinamool mp sukhendu sekhar roy said wednesday marked the 90th day since modi announced the demonetisation decision.
with the impact of demonetisation largely over and the gst unlikely to substantially derail consumer spending, ihs markit forecast real gdp growth to hit  7.3 per cent for 2017- 18 as a whole," lima said.
modi said this was being done to tackle the menace of black money in the country, which has sapped the economy.
by ptiwashington: demonetisation and the goods and services tax (gst) are the two major headwinds that held back india's economic growth last year, former rbi governor ram has said, asserting that the current seven per cent growth rate is not enough to meet the country's needs.
scuttling the debate on demonetisation for than two weeks and not allowing parliament, staging dharnas, going to the well of the house, abusing the prime minister, raising slogans is in no way going to help democracy, naidu said.
on the 60th day of after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation -- the situation, which sucked out 86  of the countrys bank notes in circulation -- a dena bank branch in khimana village in gujarat was pelted with stones.
asserting that the budget reflects commitment to eliminate corruption and black money, modi said it provides for a comprehensive package of digital economy which will reduce tax evasion and help control black money.
on demonetisation and the gst implementations, gandhi claimed that people have confusion about these.
to questions regarding change of rules 150 times after demonetisation announcement, modi said it was done to find ways to ease problems of people.
referring to defence minister manohar parrikar's claim that demonetisation had a positive impact on the kashmir situation, omarabdullah said, instead of continuing to invest in delusions and deflections, there is a need to understand real issues so that a solution can be worked out.
there were 17,165 million pieces of rs 500 notes and 6,858 million pieces of rs 1,000 notes in circulation on november 8, 2016, the day prime minister modi announced demonetising the two high denomination notes.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said on thursday she was correct in opposing the demonetisation move by the centre, a day after data showed a weaker-than-expected economic growth that may have been hit by the ban on high-denomination banknotes.
(source: ani_news/twitter) p ram said that the demonetisation move would hit the gdp.
after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, the centre in a bid to encourage customers to go cashless, had instructed the oil companies to give a discount of 0.
he expressed hope that the government would increase the number of micro-atms in the country to one million from the current 130,000, and said cashless transactions will completely remove bureaucracy from the country.
addressing his first public rally in poll-bound uttar pradesh post the demonetisation drive, modi said: i want to assure you that your inconveniences will not go in vain.
billing it as a major step to check corruption and tax evasion, arunjaitley in his budget speech said that the government has accepted a suggestion by the special investigation team on black money in this regard.
on the criticism that almost the entire cash money got deposited in the banks post demonetisation, arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of demonetisation.
buoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister modi today said he was committed to root out corruption.
(file)hitting out strongly at the centre over its unplanned and inhuman demonetisation move, punjab congress chief amarinder singh on tuesday said that the step would backfire on the modi government.
describing demonetisation as a very important decision, modi said it worked wonders despite attempts by some quarters to derail the move.
speaking about demonetisation, modi said it was not an unexpected jolt, as the government had given warnings over a period of one year to hoarders of black money to declare their assets and pay penalties.
gandhi said finance minister arun jaitley had recently said economic decline had nothing to do with the demonetisation.
modi said the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency was to target those with unaccounted cash.
expressing gratitude to the people, modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment, 'digidhan' movement, pm said that it is a brave act against corruption and black money.
this will improve the functioning of toll plazas, digital payments, das said.
gandhi said that in parliament he had asked modi four questions on his promises of bringing back black money and depositing rs 15 lakh in everybody's bank account, the recent budget proposal of turning black money to white, rohith vemula's suicide, kanhaiya kumar and jnu and finally about the number of youths employed as a result of his 'make in india' scheme.
we have also noticed that people are trying to convert black money by sending many people to different branches, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said.
asked about the budget being hailed as a surgical strike, gandhi said, surgical strikes will happen on mr modi one after the other over the next two months on issues such as rafale, jobs and demonetisation.
speaking on mondays protests against demonetisation, siddaramaiah said they were not opposed to taking action against hoarders or eliminating fake currency.
lauding prime minister narendra modi for his decisiveness, arunjaitley said unlike the previous prime minister (manmohan singh), modi has been decisive in taking steps with regard to demonetisation, surgical strike against pakistan and the goods and services tax (gst).
the government seems to have reached its levels of desperation to overcome the initial blunder it created through the unplanned and unthought process of demonetisation, gandhi said on facebook.
hyderabad: union minister m naidu today said chartered accountants in india will have huge opportunities and challenges when the goods and services tax (gst) is implementedaddressing the icai international conference 'jnana yagna' here, the urban development minister said chartered accountants should play a vital role in addressing issues such as curbing black money.
ever since prime minister modi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, 2016, there has been talks of a new denomination of currency possibly being introduced.
read | pm modi launches three indian digital payment apps in singaporeadvocating indias open stand on international trade regime, pm modi said india stands for a stable environment in the indo-pacific region.
talking to reporters outside rashtrapati bhavan after leading a delegation of some opposition party leaders to meet president pranab mukherjee, mamatabanerjee said her party was for tackling black money and accused the central government of implementing the demonetisation move without proper planning.
the beneficiaries would be able to get cash through banks, atms and even mobile banking when the projects take off.
karnataka milk federation (kmf) director, who looks into co-operative societies, dr babu said the societies started putting money directly to the farmers/producers account after demonetisation move.
prime minister modi , while announcing the demonetisation decision on november 8, had said that the move would curb blackmoney besides getting other positive results.
watch video | find out what pm modi told cabinet over demonetisation decisionin the worlds largest democracy the demonetisation was revolutionary: it called into question the states promise to pay the bearer the face value on every banknote.
(source: ani_news/twitter)former finance minister p ram on wednesday said the gdp of india would take a hit of at least one per cent if not two owing to the demonetisation move by prime minister narendra modi.
union finance minister arunjaitley today said the purpose of demonetisation is served as it had led to larger and cleaner gdp.
acknowledging the legitimate expectation of relief in the middle class and cash-only informal sector, arunjaitley said the budget will help beat the fallout of the governments demonetisation initiative.
(source: pti photo)around 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister modi said in rajya sabha on wednesday, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
watch what else is making news:in an apparent reference to criticism of demonetisation by opposition parties, arunjaitley also said there would have been complaints even before cash or currency was invented and even if it gets eliminated tomorrow.
quelling fears over security of digital transactions,babu said that the sbi had left no stone unturned to ensure that the data of the users were not compromised.
if there is state funding of elections the use of black money will stop, mamatabanerjee said in her first address to the assembly after taking charge of the state for a second term.
india growing at 7-8 per cent is fairly reasonable in the current global context, finance minister arunjaitley said today while maintaining that the decline in fourth quarter gdp print cannot be attributed to demonetisation alone.
in a separate reply, when asked how much old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes (sbns) were deposited/exchanged upon being de-legalised, meghwal said specified bank notes (sbns) worth rs  12.44 lakh crore were returned to currency chests of rbi by december 10, 2016.
on november 8, modi announced scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes as part of the combat against the menace of black money, corruption and terror funding.
new delhi: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and his delhi counterpart arvind kejriwal on thursday asked the government to scrap the demonetisation decision in three days or face a revolt.
in a few months, rs 1,000 notes with new features will be brought into the market, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said while addressing the economic editor's conference in new delhi on thursday.
finance minister arunjaitley said on wednesday the philosophy behind his budget is to spend more on identified success stories and carrying on with the governments campaign against black money, hours after unveiling measures to assure the country that the impact of demonetisation would wear off soon.
(pti)kullu/palampur: prime minister modi has said that effigy-burning would not deter him from the fight against corruption and black money, alluding to the congress's call for protests on november 8, the first anniversary of the demonetisation.
pti photoaddressing party mps at the bjps parliamentary party meeting, finance minister arunjaitley said that the prime minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities.
after december 30 scheme (the last date for depositing demonetised notes) if you feel that there will be no action, there is no guarantee that something new will not be introduced to punish you (thikane lagane ke liye), modi said.
rohatgi said, several cases are filed each passing day in various high courts on various aspects post demonetisation and it is not possible to deal with cases simultaneously in kerala, kolkata, jaipur and mumbai.
attacking the samajwadi party (sp) and the bahujan samaj party (bsp), modi said these arch-rivals had joined hands on the note ban issue.
speaking on indian economy: the new normal in the aftermath of demonetisation, arunjaitley said for the first time such a decision came which was difficult to implement because one has to confront with many challenges.
in a written reply to the rajya sabha, meghwal said: no high quality ficn has been recovered post demonetisation.
bhubaneswar: union finance minister arun jaitley on thursday said prime minister narendra modi has created a 'new normal' for the country's economy by breaking all the stereotypes of the past through his demonetisation move.
citing an example, rohatgi said petrol pumps deposited mostly rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes in banks when the exemptions were allowed.
to enable larger number of people to get benefit of over-the-counter exchange of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, the existing limit of rs 4,500 will be reduced to rs 2,000 with effect from tomorrow, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das told reporters.
in the same year, nearly a month after prime minister narendramodi announced the decision to scrap old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, it was reported that a record number of 564 maoists surrendered in the last 28 days.
blaming modi of misusing powers by implementing demonetisation, gandhi said: demonetisation had taken money out of people's pockets and the prime minister gave that amount to his industrialist friends.
agra, nov 20, 2016 (pti) 18:32 istprime minister narendramodi today said political leaders behind multi-crore chit fund scams are attacking him as they have been hit hard by demonetisation, in remarks seen as sharp attack on west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee.
chief minister mamatabanerjee claimed the victory was a result of public ire against demonetisation and said the party will launch district and panchayat-level agitations in bengal from wednesday against the move.
i say what they are observing is a 'black money support day', naidu said.
minister of state for finance arjun ram meghwal told the rajya sabha that rs  15.44 lakh crore in high-value notes were in circulation when the prime minister announced the demonetisation move on november 8.
replying to a query about opposition parties attacking the government over the issue, he said, prime minister modi while announcing the decision to invalidate rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 had said there will some inconvenience to people for the initial 50-day period after which the situation will ease out.
pt ram , assistant general manager, sbi main branch, hubballi, said their atms are not facing any virus threat, but admitted to a cash crunch.
further explaining his stand against demonetisation, the former union minister said, 80 per cent transactions in germany and austria is cash-based, in australia it is 60 per cent, canada 56 per cent and us 46 per cent, and prime minister modi says india will go 100 per cent cashless.
the demonetisation pulled them out and now the money is being used for your development, modi said, pointing towards the crowd.
lashing out at the prime minister for taking refuge in histrionics and falsehoods to cover up his failure in managing demonetisation, amarinder said contrary to modis claims, poor of the country were suffering the most from the move.
modi government will tackle black money issue: amitshah delhi, may 26, 2015, (ians) 11:23 istthe narendra modi-led central government is determined to tackle the black money issue, bjp president amitshah said here on tuesday.
mr. das, who played a key role in the governments demonetisation move, said the measure had achieved its objective.
power minister piyushgoyal said election results are a clear mandate of pm modis pro-poor policies, good governance, demonetisation and model of development.
prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi has asked his ministerial colleagues to give details of tours, if any, undertaken by them during the last three months, an exercise aimed at ascertaining whether they promoted demonetisation and other initiatives, sources said.
watch what else is making newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, arunjaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
since prime minister modi had announced the demonetisation of high value currency notes on november 8, there have been long queues outside banks and atms.in his written communication to rbi and sbi, prakash chand (controller of accounts - pao) said that nowdays public was visiting the bank branches for withdrawal of money from their accounts and also depositing and exchanging their old notes.
speaking after releasing two books on constitution in new delhi, prime minister modi said those who are criticizing the demonetisation move don't have problem with the government's preparedness, but they are having problems because they didn't get time to prepare for turning their black money into white.
addressing a gathering at fintech festival in singapore , pm modi said that digital payments are a gateway to a world of possibilities, adding that they increase the productivity of individuals and our economy.
it is a fact that perhaps the demonetisation process, as was pointed out, it may cause a momentary setback or momentary slowdown (to india's exports)," commerce secretary rita teaotia said.
the misery of artisans like hakak ended when prime minister modi announced demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8.
new delhi: advocating cashless transactions, prime minister modi on friday said large volumes of liquid cash are a big source of corruption and black money.
a day after four militants were killed in kashmir, punjab congress chief captain amarinder singh on monday said despite the narendra modi governments claims, note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from pakistan.
the arrangements made by the banks were poor, said naidu , a tea shop owner from akkayyapalem, after exchanging rs 500 notes to get a new rs 2,000 note.
while announcing rs 2 lakh compensation for the families of demonetisation victims, chief minister akhileshyadav on wednesday said the government would give rs 5 lakh to the family members of the woman who immolated herself after allegedly failing to exchange scrapped currency notes in aligarh district.
donning a himachali cap with dry followers atop, gandhi in his forty minute speech said,``demonetisation is a move against the poor.
the modi government is determined to tackle the black money issue, said amitshah while addressing the media on the completion of one year of nda government.
on his governments attempts to tackle the menace of black money, modi said, in our very first cabinet meeting, we decided to act tough the common people, who had seen others acquire huge bungalows, costly cars and other property with black money, have stood with us.
modi said after demonetisation around 50 lakh workers started getting their pay by cheque and around one crore new provident fund accounts were opened.
digital payments are the future of financial transactions, arunjaitley said at the punjab national bank app launching ceremony held here.
seeking to rope in youngsters to promote cashless transactions, modi said for every person you introduce to the bhim app, you will get a cash back of rs 10.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (file photo) west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (file photo)west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said the centre must announce a farm loan waiver across the country and claimed that the farmers were in distress due to demonetisation.
we must make the transactions cost-effective and strengthen cloud servers on the bank side, andhra pradesh chief minister babu , who heads the panel, said after submitting an interim report on digital payments to prime minister narendra modi.
prime minister modi told the nda meet that the credit for demonetisation will not go to him personally, but to all parties which stood with the govt, naidu said.
gujarat leads the pack in seizures of fake rs 2,000 notes between november 9 last year, a day after prime minister modi announced demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, and march 7 this year, followed by delhi and karnataka.
of these, 21,000 atms were functional and the rest are cdms, sbi chairman arundhatibhattacharya said.
hyderabad: union minister m m.venkaiahnaidu today said chartered accountants in india will have huge opportunities and challenges when the goods and services tax (gst) is implementedaddressing the icai international conference 'jnana yagna' here, the urban development minister said chartered accountants should play a vital role in addressing issues such as curbing black money.
pm modi said those opposing evms are not only opposed to evms, they have problems with technology, digital transactions, aadhaar, gst, bhim app.
modi said the terrorists derive funding from a variety of criminal activities which include smuggling of narcotics, bank robbery, vehicle thefts, fake currency or from state sponsored activities in failed states.
black money fight against big people, not small traders: pmghaziabad, feb 8, 2017 (pti) 20:13 istprime minister narendramodi today said the government's fight against black money was targeted at big people and big babus and that small traders need not worry.
in punjab's context, amarindersingh said the agriculture sector, which was largely dependent on cash transactions, had been hit hard, along with the informal sector.
bhubaneswar: union finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said prime minister narendra modi has created a 'new normal' for the country's economy by breaking all the stereotypes of the past through his demonetisation move.
new delhi: union minister mukhtarabbasnaqvi today said congress was running away from a discussion on demonetisation in parliament even when the government wanted a positive debate and was open to suggestions.
calling demonetisation a morally and ethically correct decision, arunjaitley asked the opposition not to defend black money in the name of farmers.
the new generation believes in digital payments, modi said in his monthly radio programme mann ki baat.
96 lakh in malda district since prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8 2016 culling 86  of the currency in circulation on november 8 last year.
reiterating his vow to waive all farm loans once the congress comes to power in the state, amarinder said modis failure to announce loan waiver indicated his lack of seriousness in addressing the concerns of the farming community facing crisis due to note ban.
in his monthly radio address to the nation 'mann ki baat', modi on the occasion of christmas said 15,000 people who use digital payment modes will be given a reward of rs 1,000 each by a lucky draw.
new delhi: new measures to ease the impact of demonetisation continued to trickle in on wednesday even as prime minister modi claimed that over 93 per cent of people who took his smartphone -based survey supported the move in his fight against black money.
december 25, 2016in this year's last radio address to the nation 'mann ki baat', modi on the occasion of christmas said 15,000 people who use digital payment modes will be given a reward of rs 1,000 each by a lucky draw.
patna, may 5: the rjd has raked up the issue of demonetisation again, even though its ally jdu's chief nitishkumar had said the note ban had found resonance among the poor.
many atms, which reopened four days after prime minister modi announced the demonetisation of two higher value currency notes, ran out of cash in few hours, leaving people frustrated.
the pmos directions came after it emerged that rs 1,238 crore has been deposited in cash in such entities in november-december 2016, soon after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of high-denomination notes.
finance minister arunjaitley told rajya sabha on tuesday that the remonetisation process moved smoothly after demonetisation was announced and that there was no shortage of currency supply, even for a single day.
those who implemented demonetisation should be asked the rest of the things, nitishkumar said.
das said ever since the demonetisation announcement was made, a lot of representations have come to prime minister and finance minister arun jaitley to ease withdrawal norms for wedding purposes.
black money fight against big people, not small traders: pmghaziabad, feb 8, 2017 (pti) 20:13 istprime minister modi today said the government's fight against black money was targeted at big people and big babus and that small traders need not worry.
dipak mishrapatna: opposition parties are gearing up to observe november 8 - which marks a year since prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation - as black day.
seeking to debunk the exaggerated claims of the prime minister, ram said instead of targeting black money and corruption, the government has targeted the poor.
no quick result: pm prime minister manmohansingh today said there was no instant solution to bring back black money.
minister of state for home kiren rijiju said there has been a big impact in attempts to pump in fake indian currency notes (ficn) into the country and no such incident was reported ever since prime minister modi had announced the demonetisation decision.
data showed black money holders started couriering cash just two days after prime minister modi announced the invalidation of the higher denominations.
a day after finance minister arunjaitley said it will be erroneous to attribute the slowdown in economic growth in the last quarter of 2016-17 solely to demonetisation, congress spokesperson abhishek singhvi said the best way to describe the governments reaction was utter confusion, perplexity, hypocrisy, bewilderment and bemusement.
atms, which reopened two days after prime minister modi announced demonetisation of two biggest currency notes, had people queued up since early morning.
reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear, jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system.
in the 26th edition of mann ki baat programme, prime minister modi said, i know cashless economy is different.
pm modi also said that combating the menace of black money and tax evasion will be india and switzerlands shared priority.
if they (the akalis) are allowed to continue with their uninhibited control over the state's administration till the completion of the polls, they will not only plunge the state into further lawlessness but will misuse the sgpc to covert their black money into white, said amarinder.
govt doing everything on black money issuenew delhi, feb 23, 2015, dhns: 0:47 istthe government is determined to take all possible steps to stop generation of black money, both domestically and globally, president pranabmukherjee told a joint sitting of parliament on monday.
the indian economy was in good health when the government decided to scrap rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, modi said.
finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said it will be erroneous to attribute the sharp slowdown in economic growth in the fourth quarter of 2016-17 solely to demonetisation since several factors, including the global situation, pulled down the gdp growth to 6.
reiterating the need to move towards a cashless economy, modi said once black money is eliminated from the system, it is essential to ensure that fresh black money is not generated.
prime minister modi while announcing the demonetisation decision on november 8 had said there will be some inconvenience to people for the initial 50-day period after which the situation will ease out.
agra, nov 20, 2016 (pti) 18:46 istin poll-bound uttar pradesh, prime minister modi today said his demonetisation decision had severly hit the parties whose leaders seek money in lieu of tickets for contesting assembly polls, in a veiled attack on bsp chief mayawati who has been facing such allegations.
an mp recalled that last year when urjit patel faced angry members over demonetisation, former prime minister manmohansingh told patel that he can skip answers to questions he considers uncomfortable.
our overall emphasis has been on faster decisions, bolder decisions, a cleaner economy, freedom from black money, freedom from corruption and a friendly environment for doing business so that the larger returns that come to the economy in terms of taxes can be spent on the poor of this country, arunjaitley said, adding that it is the prime ministers approach which has been followed in the recently presented budget.
when modi asked the country to try out digital payments following the governments demonetisation move, kumar took on the cudgels to make palnar cashless.
it should make public how much money has been pumped back into the economy and the amount of money states have received post demonetisation, mamatabanerjee said.
prime minister narendramodi and the government had earlier claimed that demonetisation will put an end to black money, fake currency and terrorism.
responding to criticism of government on demonetisation by trinmool congress mp saugata roy, jaitley said cash is root cause of many problems including the chit fund fraud which was witnessed in west bengal.
in its efforts to fight the black money menace as well as curb corruption, prime minister modi on november 8 last year announced cancelling old rs 500 and 1,000 notes.
the bjp leaders from across the country said that there is an overwhelming support for the governments bold move to fight black money and corruption, union minister naidu said.
on the demonetisation drive, arunjaitley said that the governments bid to go cashless meant less cash and not no cash, as reported by the opposition parties and a section of the media.
this law will enable confiscation of benami property and provide for prosecution, thus blocking a major avenue for generation and holding of black money in the form of benami property, especially in real estate, arunjaitley said.
the quotation killings and attacks began to be reported across the state, particularly from malappuram and kozhikode, by the late 1980s and early 90s, with unaccounted money flowing in from the gulf and with gold smuggling becoming lucrative,retired sp babu says hawala operators and gold dealers in kozhikode and malappuram were the first to tap the potential of quotation gangs.
agra: in poll-bound uttar pradesh, prime minister modi today said his demonetisation decision had severly hit the parties whose leaders seek money in lieu of tickets for contesting assembly polls, in a veiled attack on bsp chief mayawati who has been facing such allegations.
tmc mp sukhendu sekhar roy at the parliament house express photo tmc mp sukhendu sekhar roy at the parliament house express photopointing out that prime minister narendramodi had said that hardships will last only 50 days after demonetisation of high-value currency on november 8 last year, opposition parties, led by the trinamool congress (tmc), on wednesday slammed the government for continuing restrictions on cash withdrawal from banks and atms even 90 days on.
modi said that the demonetisation move was a fight against corruption and targeted those who amassed wealth by unfair means.
modi said the note ban had disturbed the sleep of congress leaders and their anger had not cooled.
new delhi: the prime minister modi on tuesday told the parliamentary board meeting of the bjp that the decision on demonetization is just the beginning of a long battle against black money and corruption.
on the second day of the summit here, modi said: fighting corruption, black money and tax evasion were central to effective financial governance.
51 billion) of undeclared black money, including 670 billion rupees in the recent income disclosure scheme, since his government came to power in 2014, modi said.
finance secretary ashok lavasa had earlier said withdrawal limits will be reviewed after december 30.
chief minister nitishkumar says the cases of black money and benami properties against lalu clan fall under the domain of central government, but this case pertains to the state government only.
earlier, attacking the narendra modi government on demonetisation, congress president rahulgandhi on wednesday said that the note ban policy has destroyed lives of crores of farmers.
in an address to the nation on december 8, 2016, prime minister narendramodi had said the note recall was aimed at tackling corruption, black money, terror funding and fake currency.
demonetisation will help us achieve an honest economy and help improve the lots of the poor, said modi.
black money bill to be taken up in parliament next week: fmnew delhi, may 1, 2015 (pti) 13:19 istfinance minister arunjaitley today said the government will next week take up for consideration the new black money bill in the lok sabha to effectively deal with the menace of unaccounted wealth stashed abroad.
read morenew delhi: the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace, president ram said in his address to parliament on thursday and vowed that the government will make the zero tolerance policy against corruption more comprehensive and effective.
modi and his minions claimed demonetisation will end black money, finish corruption, terminate terrorism, and bring only digital transactions.
soon after prime minister modi announced that rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes would be scrapped, prices touched rs 32,500 (24 karat) and rs 31,500 (22 karat).
economic affairs secretary subhashchandragarg said the reserve bank will increase five-fold the printing of rs 500 notes to about rs 2,500 crore a day to deal with the cash shortage.
after that, the sufferings of the masses will lessen, and the real problems will begin for those handful of people indulging in corruption and black money hoarders, modi said.
the demonetisation step is irreversible, ram said.
many atms have not been dispensing money since four days and the others run out of cash in no time, said kumarravi who was waiting for money at the icici bank , akkayyapalem.
prime minister modi on november 8 last year had announced demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
prime minister narendramodi had said that after demonetisation, terrorism will stop but it has not happened.
asked whether he would support yoga guru baba ramdev in his fight against black money and corruption, nitishkumar said every person has the right to express his views in a democratic manner, which is a step in the right direction.
modi said his drive against black money had caused consternation among his enemies and made them come on a common platform.
with opposition parties questioning the government over benefits of the demonetisation process, arunjaitley said that tax authorities are conducting big data mining to zero in on those with income disproportionate to cash they deposited during the 50-day process.
hitting out at the government on demonetisation, gandhi said, last year i dont know what happened on november 8th narendra modi got an idea, he came on the tv and said bhaio, behno im going to ban the notes in your pockets.
prime minister modi on november 8 announced the scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, which formed about 86 per cent of total currency in circulation, with an aim to curb blackmoney and corruption.
the black money problem, arunjaitley said, is a problem confined to few individuals.
(express photo by vishal srivastava)attributing demonetisation of higher denomination notes to the economic thinking of babasaheb ambedkar, uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath today said the centre displayed immense political willpower and courage in demonetising the currency notes of rs 1,000 and rs 500.
many educational institutions had been under the government scanner over alleged monetary discrepancies even before prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation exercise on november 8.
a day after prime minister modi announced ban on rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes to tackle corruption and black money, the government had on november 9 said no toll fee would be collected on national highways till november 11 mid-night.
in milk city anand, modi said, before six years, supreme court had asked the then government to form a sit to find out the sources of black money.
earlier in his address to the nation over radio, modi said that bringing back black money from outside the country is an article of faith for him and nothing will be lacking in his efforts to do so.
modi said he is happy that note ban has exposed the 'kala dhan' (black money) as well as 'kale mann' (ill-intentions) of many.
after prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8, 2016, chief minister nitish kumar was among the few none-bjp leaders who strongly supported it at the risk of angering anti-bjp forces.
months before prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country, a low level government karmachari in jharkhands latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction.
ghazipur (up): pummelling the congress and other parties which are opposing demonetisation, prime minister modi today said the corrupt were upset while the poor were enjoying a sound sleep after his decision and urged people to bear some inconvenience to root out graft.
asking the people to prefer digital transactions instead of cash transactions, modi told the shopkeepers: you already have a board outside your shops that reads: aaj nagad, kal udhar.
apart from continuing incursions from across the border, there was sufficient ground to believe that black money remained a serious concern despite a 86  old currency getting frozen overnight following the demonetisation, said amarindersingh , citing reports of frequent seizures of large sums of unaccounted for, new currency.
vasudevan,chennaionly a partial stepprime minister narendra modis claim (demonetisation flushed out black money, says modi, feb.
responding to noteban critics, arunjaitley said demonetisation has strengthen the economy and increased the government resources to fund poverty alleviation and infrastructure development programmes.
p ram said that the demonetisation move would hit the gdp.
taking a cue from advani,punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal said,a big issue has come up in the country nda chief ministers should first give in writing and announce their assets and tell the government that it can seize any black money they have.
bharataiya janata party president amitshah said on friday that the demonetisation has not affected the common people and only some politicians.
rohatgi said linking pan with aadhaar was needed to curb the practice of tax evasion and to keep tabs on the circulation of black money as pan was not a foolproof deterrent.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said that the demonetisation is due to sharp increase in circulation of these notes in the last five years.
also read: pm-kisan scheme an insult to farmers, says priyanka gandhiduring the demonetisation, no thief or person with black money, but farmers, youths, unemployed, and people of bundelkhand stood in the queues, said gandhi.
also, over rs 25,000 crore in cash was deposited in dormant bank accounts, while nearly rs 80,000 crore of repayment of loans was done in cash since november 8, 2016 when prime minister modi announced demonetisation.
a day before, on tuesday, modi while speaking at lok sabha (the lower house) said that the note-ban was possible because the countrys economy was in good shape.
modi said history would not remember which pm enforced demonetisation but it would certainly recall how the people fought a war on black money.
after modi announced the demonetisation last year, haasan had tweeted that this has to be lauded transcending party lines.
other atms which are yet to be recalibrated, will continue to dispense rs 2000 till they are recalibrated, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das had said on monday.
modi said there was no going back on his fight against corruption and hoarders of black money and alleged that those hit by his actions, including the demonetisation move, are conspiring to hit back at him.
also read: pm modi's latest demonetisation barf is 'shell firms', says rahul gandhiwhen modi spoke from the ramparts of the red fort in delhi that before he became the prime minister in 2014, the elephant (india) was sleeping, he was insulting people of the country, gandhi said.
the drive for digital payment channels and financial inclusion will ensure direct benefit transfers to indians and will bring them in formal financial system, naidu said.
which is great for cashless economy, the pm said today in nagpur, even as he mimicked millennial users often portrayed with their heads downward flicking their fingers over their smartphones.
expressing gratitude to the people, modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment, 'digidhan' movement.
responding to criticism of the number of notifications during implementation of the demonetisation exercise  tmcs saugata roy pointed out that rules were changed 150 times  modi said the upa government had changed rules of mgnrega scheme 1,035 times in six years.
the government has taken significant steps to check corruption and menace of black money in a short span of time, modi said at the inauguration of sixth global focal point conference (gfpc) on asset recovery here at vigyan bhavan.
according to the police, on november 8 when prime minister modi announced the ban on rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, neel sunder had prepared fake bills worth rs 28 crore which was accumulated from his other associates in the guise of converting black money for 30 percent commission.
speaking at the same event, finance minister arunjaitley said the revenue department and the ed had a very important role to play in indias war against black money.
responding to questions over the final tally of deposits received during the demonetisation period, arunjaitley said it will be announced by rbi after every note is counted.
on the eve of the first anniversary of the november 8 demonetisation of 500- and 1000-rupee notes that wiped out 86 per cent of the currency in circulation then, arunjaitley said the government has met its objective of reducing cash in the economy, ending anonymity of cash, bringing in more individuals in the tax net and dealing a body blow to black money.
despite his opposition to demonetisation, ram said there was no evidence that majority of the jan dhan accounts were used for money laundering post-currency withdrawal.
after prime minister modi announced the demonetisation move on november 8, 2016, there was a liquidity squeeze in the market and the demand for jewellery went down by around 80 per cent.
agreeing to the fact that jan dhan accounts had been misused by high and mighty to convert their black money into white, akhileshyadav said even his government was against such corruption.
on implementation of demonetisation process, prime minister modi yesterday said the government was always ready for the discussion on the issue but the opposition was only interested in tv bytes and not debates.
talking to reporters later, manoharparrikar said those who sponsor terror will be affected by the demonetisation.
giving details of impact of demonetisation, arunjaitley said the number of income tax return filers has gone up to 6.
referring to the latest u-turn by the rbi on deposit of old notes under the demonetisation policy, amarinder said modi and his team were pushing the country into a state of financial anarchy and chaos by not following any rules in the matter of demonetisation.
it is looking for banks far and wide, modi said in an apparent swipe at thw bsp, which has come under scanner for alleged huge bank deposits post demonetisation.
modi asked party leaders to work during the week to give a boost to the use of bhim app, a digital payment application, by educating the masses about it and helping them download it, parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar told reporters after the meeting.
prasad said, the higher the linkages with the aadhaar number, the more we have in terms of seamless digital transactions.
finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said the currency is in surplus and the ministry is monitoring status of atms on a daily basis to sort out operational issues.
chandigarh: punjab congress president capt amarindersingh on sunday said the party will move the court over the demonetisation related deaths, even as he extended his full support to the proposed strike by the industries over the issue on december 16.
by providing pos machines to traders, we will help farmers buy farm inputs without cash, fadnavis said.
2:30 pm speaking about congress plans to launch a black day drive on november 8, the anniversary of demonetisation move, pm modi said, theyre going to celebrate 8 nov as black day & burn my effigies.
new delhi: battling the oppositions criticism on its sudden move to ban the big currency notes to check black or untaxed money, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das on friday said the people who are indulging in or colluding with money laundering or converting black money into white will not be spared.
a shift to digital payments has huge benefits for the common man it has a transformative impact in terms of greater formalisation of the economy and mainstreaming of financial savings into the banking system, arunjaitley told parliament.
prime minister modi on november 8 had announced demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
thanking the 125 crore citizens (who have) proved that for them truth and honesty is important despite inconveniences post demonetisation, modi said corruption, black money and counterfeit currency had crippled the common man.
months of meetings before note ban: jaitleyfeb 8, 2017, new delhi, dhns 1:31 istdemonetisation was not an easy decision for the government and it took several months and a number of closed-door meetings to decide on the note ban, finance minister arunjaitley said on tuesday.
the number of new jobs due to be created this year will be dependent on how demonetisation affects sector, for which we have to wait till the financial year end, said modi , president of federation of telangana and andhra pradesh chamber of commerce and industry (ftapcci), who runs an sme.
on november 8, prime minister modi had announced the demonetisation of rs. 500 and rs. 1,000 notes, thereby withdrawing 86 per cent or rs. 14 lakh crore worth currency from circulation.
this is the demonetisation period and compared to november, december was more challenging for the reason that in many areas old currency was allowed to operate, arunjaitley told cnbc tv18 in an interview.
pm modi also asked the youth to download bhim app for making digital payments.
modi said people who cannot endorse action against corruption and black money were relentlessly searching for faults with his government.
home minister g ram said, modi, who falsely promised he will change the 70-year-old economy in 50 days, does not have answers on how much black money is present in the country and how much is with terrorists.
in his rally at moradabad today, modi said he was being targeted for cracking down on those with black money.
district in-charge minister ram said demonetisation has affected the country massively in terms of declining growth rate.
stressing that rupay was bringing a revolutionary change in digital payments, modi said the card was also being used abroad and narrated how he used it to buy some items on his visit to singapore.
replying to a debate on demand for grants (general budget), which the house passed by voice vote, meghwal said the opposition has been questioning demonetisation but the verdict in up and other states had proved people stood with pm narendra modi.
maen desh ke kale dhan ke neeche garibon ke dabne nahi doonga (i will not allow black money to crush the poor), modi told the parliamentary party meeting of the bjp on tuesday morning.
the left parties have compromised with their ideology even as their mentors and communist leaders jyoti basu and harkishan singh surjeet had supported the idea of demonetisation, modi said.
(file photo)at a public meeting on monday, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee asked corporate houses and businessmen why they were keeping quiet about demonetisation and urged them to come forward and speak out against it.
modi said we will give rs 15 lakh in every bank account (by bringing back black money stashed away abroad), but didnt even deposit rs 5.
modi to stress on black money at g-20 summitnew delhi, nov 11, 2014, dhns: 0:29 istprime minister modi on monday said that he would stress on international cooperation against black money in his interventions at the g-20 summit in australia.
its been just over a month since prime minister modi announced that rs 14 lakh crore worth of rs 500 and rs 1,000 denomination notes will be taken out of circulation, in a surprise move to unearth piles of illicit cash hoarded by the citizens via tax non-compliance/evasion, corruption, criminal activities etc.
stop bringing in farmers on the issue of black money, farmers money is white and there is no tax on their money, said arunjaitley in lok sabha during the discussion on the specified bank notes (cessation of liabilities) bill, 2017.
i am getting your invaluable support for the second cleanliness drive, modi said referring to the demonetisation decision of his government aimed at tackling black money, corruption and terror funding as he addressed the global citizen festival here.
watch video | find out what pm narendra modi told cabinet over demonetisation decisionannouncing these measures, finance minister arunjaitley said there has been a movement towards digital transactions from cash transactions since the government announced its decision to cancel the old notes.
by iansshahdol: stepping up his attack on the congress and the gandhi family, prime minister modi on friday said the gandhis are crying even two years after demonetisation as they have lost ill-gotten money.
union finance minister arun jaitely told the bjp mps that the demonetisation would help india embrace digital economy.
it clearly indicates that our target to integrate black money economy with the formal economy is happening, arunjaitley said.
the economy was doing well and thus our decision was taken at the right time, a combative modi said, peppering his speech with stinging attacks on the congress for opposing the demonetisation move.
in the next 100 days, lakhs of families are going to receive crores of rupees as gift, but you will be entitled to this gift only if you make use of mobile banking, e-banking, rupay card, upi (unified payment interface), ussd (unstructured supplementary service data) for digital payments, modi said.
pushing for digital economy, modi asked the youngsters at the rally to download the bhim app and contribute to a cashless economy.
there was some slowdown visible given the global and domestic situation even prior to demonetisation in the last year, arunjaitley said while addressing media on completion of three years of the modi government.
in respect of private banks, arunjaitley said: reserve bank of india (rbi) has informed that 11 employees have been placed under suspension where bank employees have been found involved in irregular exchange of transaction of specified bank note (sbn) during the phase of demonetisation.
the poor and the lower and middle classes have suffered the most due to black money, counterfeit currency and corruption, said modi.
prime minister modi had announced demonetisation of the rs 500/1000 notes on the night of november 8.
not much has been done to address the adverse impact of demonetisation, naveenpatnaik said and added that specific concerns of odisha relating to development of kbk region, opening of bank branches in unbanked gram panchayats and meeting of developmental aspirations of scs and sts have not addressed.
lauding modis move against black money, chief minister park said that the drive would eradicate black money from india.
modi said the demonetisation process is a great move but not as big as the surgical strike.
bengaluru: demonetisation has been the talk of every home, street and by-lane of the country since prime minister modi announced the withdrawal of rs 500 and rs 1000 notes on november 8.
demonetisation, doubtless one of the most significant decisions of independent india that shook the entire nation, was there merely as a passing reference although prime minister modi had claimed india would emerge like gold after the ordeal of the first 50 days.
pm modi announced demonetisation in his address to the nation on november 8 claiming that the aim of the exercise was to hit at the heart of black money problem in the country.
prime minister modi and the government had earlier claimed that demonetisation will put an end to black money, fake currency and terrorism.
those who did not consider the generation of so much black money and scams during their regime as blunder are now finding the crusade against black money as blunder, arunjaitley said.
prime minister modi said he is performing a yagna against black money and corruption.
the misery of artisans like hakak ended when prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said that axis bank management has assured the government that it is taking action against the erring officials who are suspected to be involved in irregularities post demonetisation.
sharma said prime minister modi , during bjp's poll campaign, had claimed that black money was to the tune of rs 85 lakh crore.
new delhi: minutes after prime minister modi announced the decision to ban rs 500 and rs1,000 currency notes from midnight, people rushed to their nearest atms to withdraw rs 100 notes to meet their daily expenses.
mamata mamatabanerjee has repeatedly asked the centre to take concrete steps to bring back the black money from abroad, but they have not heeded, he said.
raising his pet poll issues, gandhi said: prime minister narendra modi ruined the country's economy by implementing demonetisation and 'gabbar singh tax' (gst).
on bilateral treaties on black money, arunjaitley said he had sent a delegation recently to switzerland.
during the interaction, modi asked both railways and department of posts to focus on increasing digital transactions across their networks, especially using the bhim app.
if they (the akalis) are allowed to continue with their uninhibited control over the states administration till the completion of the polls, they will not only plunge the state into further lawlessness but will misuse the shiromani gurdwara parbandhak committee (sgpc) to convert their black money into white, said amarinder.
lalu said that modi may claim that it was his bold decision but in reality, demonetisation has taken the country back by many years.
new delhi: hitting out at those accusing the government of not being prepared for demonetisation, prime minister modi said they are actually pained that they themselves did not get time to make any preparation.
(source: pti photo)stating that demonetisation has had no impact on gdp, prime minister narendramodi citing testimonials by apple chief tim cook, microsoft founder bill gates, world bank chief kristalina georgieva, nobel laureate for economics muhammad yunus and others, on tuesday said that the world was looking at the bold move with a lot of respect.
the commerce ministry had entered into a consultative process with all the export promotion councils to understand the level of adaptation to the effects of demonetisation, teaotia said.
recently, finance minister arunjaitley had said that all efforts are being made to bring to book those who have been named in the hsbc bank list of black money holders and there are evidence against them.
responding to a question on the present nda government bringing back black money, shashitharoor said what the current government has brought back is the money that the previous government was already in the course of getting back.
earlier, modi also said his governments war against corruption and black money was not a political fight and said it was meant to empower honest people.
wannacry doesnt look like something that will affect the atms, unlike personal or corporate endpoints, said modi , the ceo and co-founder of lucideus.
kochi: chief economic advisor ram has said demonetisation can be called successful only if the amount of currency in circulation comes down over time and there is an increase in tax compliance.
not much has been done to address the adverse impact of demonetisation, naveenpatnaik said and added that specific concerns of odisha relating to development of kbk region, opening of bank branches in unbanked gram panchayats and meeting of developmental aspirations of scs and sts have not been addressed.
on november 8, prime minister modi announced demonetisation of currency notes in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
modi, who was speaking at the centenary celebrations of the karnataka lingayat education society here, said his government did not want to trouble the honest, but would not spare the dishonest as he defended the fight against black money and promised more steps to tackle the menace.
making an emotional appeal at a function in goa in november 2016, modi had said there were certain forces up against him that may not let him live and destroy him due to his decision on demonetisation.
last month, prime minister narendramodi had said 37,000 shell companies indulging in tax evasion had been detected and more than three lakh firms were under the scanner for suspicious dealings, post demonetisation.
as far as search and seizure operations against black money hoarders is concerned, pm modi had confidently said in a public rally: we knew and now they are being caught.
people are happy about the fact that even modi's rs 1,000 notes are not usable anymore, modi said.
in the coming times more steps will be taken against black money, said modi.
2 crore have been seized across the country since prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8.
obviously there is some inconvenience for a couple of days or a couple of weeks, but that cannot be an alibi that india continues to live (with black money and parallel economy), arunjaitley said.
jaitley further said the collection figures with regard to income tax, excise tax and realisation of vat by states, with the exception of two states, have gone up post demonetisation.
however, there will not be any problem with regard to atms functioning, ram told reporters.
jaitley said the demonetisation, coupled with the implementation of gst, will make india a single market instead of 30 different markets in the states, facilitaing free flow goods and services throughout the country.
bhubaneswar: union finance minister arun jaitley on thursday said prime minister narendra modi has created a new normal for the countrys economy by breaking all stereotypes of the past through his demonetisation move.
on tuesday, arunjaitley was replying to a supplementary question from cpi(m) rajya sabha mp c p narayanan on why the banks were starved of the new notes for such a long time, as arunjaitley had earlier told the house that demonetisation came after nine months of preparations by the government and the rbi.
with regard to the impact of demonetisation on rabi sowing, das said the total sowing area so far is almost at par with last year and whatever shortfall has happened will be made good in the coming weeks.
committed to attack graft: pm after bjp show in civic pollsgonda (up), feb 24, 2017, (pti) 15:50 istbuoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi today said he was committed to root out corruption.
in a few months, rs 1,000 notes with new features will be brought into the market, said economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das while addressing the economic editor's conference here today.
digital payments are the future of financial transactions, jaitley said at the punjab national bank app launching ceremony held here.
the pmos directions came after it emerged that rs 1,238 crore has been deposited in cash in such entities in november-december 2016, soon after prime minister modi announced demonetisation of high-denomination notes.
the government should regularise atms so that banks are made to store maximum cash in the machines, jain said.
we must make the transactions cost-effective and strengthen cloud servers on the bank side, andhra pradesh chief minister naidu , who heads the panel, said after submitting an interim report on digital payments to prime minister narendra modi.
modi said the return of black money into the banking system had brought along with it a treasure trove of data that would help his government punish wrongdoers.
das further said all government offices have been asked to use only digital payment methods for making payments to stakeholders, contractors and employees.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said it was too early to assess the impact of demonetisation.
das said the government is keeping a close watch on deposits in jan dhan account as in many cases such account are being misused for parking black money.
in last week of december, during the demonetisation period, prime minister modi had announced a scheme to boost real estate and provide affordable houses to all.
bal thackeray would've backed demonetisation: pm to sena mpsmumbai, nov 22, 2016 (pti) 21:45 istamid shiv sena's growing criticism of centre's demonetisation move, prime minister narendramodi today told the party mps had former party patriarch bal thackeray been alive, he would have supported the move.
besides, india will also take up issues related to high commodity prices and food security at the annual meet of the adb and seek global cooperation to check unaccounted money, pranabmukherjee said.
referring to his november 8 announcement cancelling the legal tender status of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, modi said the government had not done it all of a sudden.
indias economic growth of 7  during october-december has sparked a debate on how output grew so fast at a time when the country was facing its biggest-ever cash crunch after prime minister narendramodi announced on november 8 the demonetisation exercise, which weeded out 86  of the currency notes in circulation.
modi said you would all get rs 15 lakh each; that the black money would be brought back.
chennai: the textile sector nearly hit a standstill during the first few weeks after prime minister modi announced demonetisation.
union finance minister arunjaitley told the bjp mps that the demonetisation would help india embrace digital economy.
finance minister ram claimed there was no record of the cabinet meeting of november 8 which, according to the government, had taken the demonetisation decision.
the pmo direction came after it emerged that rs 1,238 crore was deposited in these entities during the november-december period after prime minister modi announced demonetisation.
these must be challenging times for the congress wont to using black money during elections, punjab deputy chief minister sukhbir singh badal told et magazine.
it is the same as encouraging cashless initiatives without creating infrastructure post-demonetisation and recalling old notes without calibrating atms, said jamshedpur petroleum dealers association general secretary rajivkumar and owner of an hp fuel outlet in sakchi.
a key issue for me (at the g-20 summit) would be to highlight the importance of international cooperation against black money, modi said, a day before he is scheduled to leave new delhi for a nine-day-long tour to myanmar, australia and fiji, where he is likely to meet over 40 leaders from asia, africa, europe, north america, south america and pacific region  both in multilateral format as well as on the sideline of the conclaves.
modi said that immediately after coming to power in may last year, the bjp government constituted a special investigation team (sit) on black money and later enacted a black money (undisclosed foreign income and assets) and imposition of tax act, 2015.
79 million followers and other twitterati to take part in her suggested social media movement against demonetisation, which prime minister narendramodi had announced on november 8 last year.
commenting on the data, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said this year growth figures are on a high base of last fiscal and numbers do not show much negative impact of demonetisation.
with the bjp focusing on boosting his image as a pro-poor pm, modi also asked the mps to promote and market bhim, the governments digital payment application.
in a bid to promote digital transactions, modi said, for entrepreneurs dealing in such transaction, tax will be calculated at 6 per cent, not 8.
the left parties have compromised their ideology even as their mentors and communist leaders jyoti basu and harkishan singh surjeet had supported the idea of demonetisation, modi said.
the govt seems to have reached its levels of desperation to overcome the initial blunder it created, through the unplanned and unthought process of demonetisation, gandhi said in his facebook post.
private sector activity dipped for the first time since the demonetisation shock and to the greatest extent since early 2009, mirroring the sales trend," said pollyanna de lima , principal economist at ihs markit.
while announcing the demonetising the rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, prime minister modi had asked holders of such notes to deposit them in banks.
2 crore have been seized across the country since prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8.
prime minister modi had told a rally in agra yesterday said that political leaders behind multi-crore chit fund scams were attacking him because they had been hit hard by demonetisation, indirectly referring to mamata banerjee.
replying to a debate in the rajya sabha on the benami transactions (prohibition) amendment bill 2016, which was later passed by voice vote (the lok sabha had passed it last week), arunjaitley said a law alone could not solve the problem of black money but efforts would have to be made to create fear of law.
taking a jibe at the sp and bsp, modi said though they always bayed for each others blood, the adversaries were together on a common platform on the issue of the note ban.
in a surprise move, prime minister modi last night announced demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes with effect from wednesday to fight the menace of black money, fake currency, corruption and terror financing.
gujarat leads the pack in seizures of fake rs 2,000 notes between november 9 last year, a day after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, and march 7 this year, followed by delhi and karnataka.
in an attempt to weed out black money, prime minister narendramodi had announced the decision to scrap old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 last year.
prime minister narendramodi in rajya sabha prime minister narendramodi in rajya sabhaspeaking against corruption and black money during his reply to the debate on motion of thanks to presidents address in rajya sabha, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said the governments fight against corruption is not political.
in this context, arunjaitley said demonetisation has created a new normal replacing the old order of cash and parallel economy, which has been eliminated.
amid criticism over the demonetisation move affecting many people and its overall benefits, ram claimed that while the whole nation stood with the prime minister, the opposition chose to be with the corrupt people.
addressing the mediapersons on the spot, amarinder said: people of punjab were facing unprecedented financial crisis, but the state government led by chief minister parkash singh badal was completely unconcerned about their plight since they had control of various institutions and businesses to transform their own black money into white.
siddaramaiah said the cooperative sector that is so critical in servicing the farmers and the rural folk virtually came to stand still because of demonetisation.
at a time when people are distressed due to the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes by the union government, siddaramaiah has announced a series of programmes for the development of backward classes and has also announced schemes for the agricultural sector.
jain said there would be a distance of 400 meters between two water atms which could be adjusted according to the convenience of people.
in his budget speech on wednesday, arunjaitley said the move was based on a proposal made by a special investigation team (sit) on black money.
accusing prime minister narendra modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the rbi, congress vice president gandhi said on monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on demonetisation just a day before the move.
hospitals should get cashless transaction system, says parrikarmangaluru, dec 26, 2016, dhns: 23:36 istdefence minister manoharparrikar said that a cashless system should be introduced in all government and private hospitals across the country.
this is indeed a game changer, chidambaram asserted and said that banks have already floated tenders for 20 lakh micro-atms which once become operational will help the government in directly transferring the cash in the beneficiaries accounts.
questioning the governments move to replace rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes with new ones, shashitharoor said it has only added to corruption.
while appreciating the fellow countrymen on the ways in which demonetisation has shaped, pm modi in his speech said the following:the government will take care of interest for 60 days for farmers who had taken loans from district coop, central bank.
cash crunch: finance minister arunjaitley said the temporary shortage in certain states is being tackled quickly and that there is more than adequate currency in circulation.
taking on the opposition and accusing it of misguiding people over cashless transactions, modi said that while on one hand they claimed that rajiv brought about the telecom revolution, on the other they contradict themselves by saying that their countrymen dont have means for cashless transactions.
according to information accessed from the registrar of companies (roc), in the year after prime minister modi announced demonetisation , at least 11,286 companies have been struck off, the fifth most in the country after delhi and maharashtra, andhra pradesh-telangana and tamil nadu.
referring to demonetisation, modi said he will not stop until and unless he recovers the black money and said it was congress which has a problem with the ban.
in a facebook post on the second anniversary of demonetisation, arunjaitley said in first four years of the national democratic alliance (nda) government, the number of income tax returns filers has gone up to 6.
however, the prime minister has redefined the old normal in india where black money, corruption and cash flow in elections was considered normal, jaitley said, adding most activities earlier followed the practice of so much in cash and so much in cheque.
jaitley and his team of officers in the finance ministry had their task cut out, especially after prime minister modi announced demonetisation of 50 days on november 8, 2016.
79 million followers and other twitterati to take part in her suggested social media movement against demonetisation, which prime minister modi had announced on november 8 last year.
mr. das said the bold and decisive step to fight black money and the use of fake currency notes to finance terrorism was backed by analysis of indias currency trends.
new delhi: vowing to carry forward the war against corruption and black money post-demonetisation, prime minister modi today said the government will soon operationalise a strong law to effectively deal with 'benami' properties and this was just the beginning.
on black moneys link to terrorism, modi said that enemies from across the border were running their operations using fake currency notes.
cashless economyon the governments move to push for a digital, cashless economy, ram said across the world people are moving towards cash and its the opposite in india.
people still suffering due to note banpeople across the country continue to suffer three months after the unexpected implementation of demonetisation on november 8, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said, dhns reports from kolkata.
pointing out that a few days ago the finance minister arunjaitley had said the economic decline had nothing to do with demonetisation, rahul said the entire world is saying the demonetisation has wrecked indian economy.
new delhi: asserting that hard cash in india would become obsolete in the near future, union finance minister arunjaitley on monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people.
700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation: pmnew delhi, feb 8, 2017 (pti) 21:29 istaround 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister narendramodi said in rajya sabha today, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
prime minister modi announced the demonetisation on november 8, a decision that sucked out 86  of the currency notes in circulation and left millions lining up at banks and atms for cash.
slamming congress and left parties for focusing only on difficulties seen after demonetisation drive, jaitley said they were completely ignoring the economic and moral objectives behind the move.
(representational image)on november 8, prime minister modi announced his ambitious demonetisation policy initiative to attack the scourges of corruption, black money and fake currency.
modi said he wanted to fight against black money so that ordinary citizens get rs 15 lakh each but what came was rs 3.
hitting back at singh, who had called demonetisation an organised loot and legalised plunder, modi said, he (manmohan) had perfected the art of bathing under a shower with raincoat on and so there was no blot on him despite all the scams that occurred during his tenure.
, chairman hamidansari asked the members to resume the debate on demonetisation but opposition members raised slogans, which were countered by some members from the treasury benches.
new delhi: note ban has hit the national capital's economic growth and forced the city government to cut spending on various developmental projects by about rs 4,100 crore, deputy chief minister manishsisodia said today.
urging youngsters to adopts and download the bihm app, pm modi said the money saved on printing of notes, transportation and atms among others could be used for the betterment of the poor.
in an interview for a tv news channel, modi said people voted on demonetisation during the 2017 assembly election in uttar pradesh and on gst in the 2018 assembly election in gujarat.
fadnavis said the results are an ample indication that people have accepted prime minister narendra modi's note ban move and the state government's transparency plank.
so more black money will not be generated, modi said in an interview to network 18.
thomas said the pac has asked reserve bank of india (rbi) to come out with the exact number of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes which were demonetised and deposited with banks after prime minister narendramodi announced the move on november 8.
pti photo by manvender vashist expressing gratitude to the people, modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment, digidhan movement.
new delhi: advocating for cashless transactions, the prime minister modi has said that the large volumes of liquid cash are a big source of corruption and black money.
we will be recalibrating three more atms, said b vijay ram , the dgm of andhra bank.
earlier, arunjaitley in a facebook post said demonetisation has helped in formalising the economy, expanding tax base and earmarking more resources for the poor.
finance minister arunjaitley said eight of the 10 directors of the rbi board were present at the november 8 meeting which made an independent final recommendation with regard to demonetisation to government.
ani byraebareli: congress president rahulgandhi on saturday said that no prime minister except narendra modi took foolish decisions such as demonetisation and goods and servies tax (gst) in the past 70 years.
this will make digital payments easy even for those who cannot read or write, thus realizing ambedkar's vision of social and financial empowerment for all, said modi.
nobody, not this government, not you, not the previous government knows exactly how much black money is stashed abroad, modi said in the second episode of his radio talk, mann ki baat.
demonetisation, arunjaitley said, will act as a disincentive towards continuing to deal with shadow economy, and integration of informal with formal economy will increase the size of the gdp and make it cleaner.
(source: pti photo)around 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister narendramodi said in rajya sabha on wednesday, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
jaitley said the cap on cash transactions is being reduced to curb generation of black money and the move to introduce electoral bonds is for cleansing the political funding.
alluding to rajiv gandhi's remark, modi said demonetisation brought back the 85 paise which were disappearing due to corruption.
new delhi: union urban development minister m.venkaiahnaidu on thursday said that by creating a ruckus in parliament, the congress was trying to wriggle out of the discussion over demonetisation.
have been trying to analyse reasons for long queues,it has come to notice that same people are coming again at same place, das said.
speaking in a public rally in goa, a few days after announcing demonetisation on 8 november, 2016, prime minister modi had asked for 50 days from the people of india for note-ban related hardships to endit has been 100 days since modi announced the scrapping of 86  of indias currency in circulation.
accusing prime minister narendra modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the rbi, congress vice president rahulgandhi said on monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on demonetisation just a day before the move.
after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8, 2016, chief minister nitish kumar was among the few none-bjp leaders who strongly supported it at the risk of angering anti-bjp forces.
a total of rs 450 crore had been deposited in the branch since november 8, the day prime minister modi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1.
on november 8, 2016, prime minister modi announced the withdrawal of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes to flush out high-denomination fake currency, mostly printed in pakistan.
finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said demonetisation resulted in formalisation of economy and increased tax base, prompting the government to earmark more resources for the poor and infrastructure development.
during an election rally in varanasi on thursday, arunjaitley said that banks have been asked to procure more point of sale machines and make it available to traders in order to facilitate digital payments.
during the 40-minute long meeting, mamatabanerjee claimed to have spoken about the problems faced by the common people due to the demonetisation move.
on disclosure of names of black money, arunjaitley said, we cannot make the names of black money holders public at will.
i dont know what the note contains but the conclusion i believe was that demonetisation is not a wise step, ram told ht.
lauding modis move against black money, chief minister parkashsinghbadal said that the drive would eradicate black money from india.
prime minister modi had claimed the decision (note ban) was targeted at black money hoarders.
meghwal said that about  23.2 per cent of the economic activity is shadow economy and government's push to cashless transactions will widen the tax bracket.
talking about the new reforms to check unaccounted money in the political system, arunjaitley said the proposed electoral bonds will maintain anonymity of donors.
there will be no charge on use of debit cardsthe move will help in greater penetration of digital transactions into our economy and hope that more and more people will move to digital transactions, said das.
new delhi: asserting that hard cash in india would become obsolete in the near future, union finance minister arun jaitley on monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people.
kobe: prime minister modi on saturday said he was aware of the hardship people were facing in india because of the demonetisation move, but emphasized that it was necessary in the larger interests of the nation.
with industry demanding lowering of proposed gst rates of 5%, 12%, 18% and 28% post the demonetisation, cbec chairman najib shah said the centre and the states at present collect rs 8 lakh crore from indirect taxes, minus customs duty, and the same level of revenue has to be collected in the gst regime.
officers said this was the biggest haul of scrapped notes in the calcutta police area since prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of the two categories of notes on november 8.
only those holding huge stashes of untaxed black money need worry, modi said.
asked if his opposition to demonetisation could have been a reason for the nda government not to give another term to the then rbi governor, ram said, in retrospect, that could be one of the reasons but i think there were other reasons also.
rohatgi said there were approximately one lakh branches of various banks and two lakh atms besides the post offices across the country to dispense cash to common people and the restriction on withdrawal is there to ensure that the money be paid to maximum number of people.
mr. das also said the main objective of the demonetisation exercise of countering fake currencies and curbing black money had been achieved.
in remarks apparently aimed at former reserve bank governor raghuram rajan, who friday blamed the goods and services tax roll-out along with demonetisation for lower gdp growth, arunjaitley said the economy recovered fast from the limited disruptionist impact of the tax reform.
unique identification authority of india (uidai), the nodal body responsible for rolling out the aadhaar programme in the country, has also come out in favour of incentives for shopkeepers using the biometric mode for digital transactions, in line with commission given by banks to business correspondents, in a bid to promote aadhaar-based payment system in rural pockets.
prime minister modi in rajya sabha prime minister modi in rajya sabhaspeaking against corruption and black money during his reply to the debate on motion of thanks to presidents address in rajya sabha, prime minister modi on wednesday said the governments fight against corruption is not political.
the decision on demonetisation is a movement to clean india, modi told lawmakers.
announcing the use of indelible ink, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said: we have received reports that certain unscrupulous elements, who are trying to convert black money into white, have organised groups of innocent people and are sending them from one branch to another to exchange notes and get rs 4,500 each.
say 'yes to digital payment, no to cash': pm modi in a fresh push towards digital payments, prime minister modi on thursday told businesses to shun cash and go digital to bring transparency and root out black money.
cautioning the party against drawing unfair parallels between the demonetisation and the surgical strike on terror launch pads along the loc, modi said that more steps would be taken to fight black money and corruption.
96 lakh in malda district since prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8 2016 culling 86  of the currency in circulation on november 8 last year.
when american president barack obama fought his first election (2008), he had taken only small donations through digital payments, arunjaitley said.
modi to stress on black money at g-20 summitnew delhi, nov 11, 2014, dhns: 0:29 istprime minister narendramodi on monday said that he would stress on international cooperation against black money in his interventions at the g-20 summit in australia.
addressing the indian diaspora in japan, modi said people back home were hailing his decision of rendering rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes invalid but some of them were being prodded to speak against the government because of politics.
addressing a rally at bandra kurla complex here, modi said while his government has launched the war from day one of assuming power, on november 8 at 8 pm it stuck a fatal blow to corruption and black money hoarders in the form of demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes.
denouncing demonetisation, shashitharoor said that there was no positive effect of demonetisation on the economy.
speaking at a book launch event here -- a day after the opposition launched a massive attack on the government over the issue -- modi said there has been little criticism of the demonetisation decision.
pm seeks views of people on demonetisationnew delhi, nov 22, 2016, (pti) 12:26 istamid opposition attack, prime minister modi today asked the people to directly convey their views to him on demonetisation via his app.
earlier in the day, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said it was noticed that the same people were coming back again and again to exchange notes, causing the long queues and creating hassles for genuine people to get their cash.
union minister naidu union minister naidu naiduwith the opposition seeking narendra modis participation in the debate in parliament over demonetisation, union minister naidu on tuesday said the prime minister will intervene in the issue as and when required and appealed to rival parties to resume the discussion.
rajkot: assailing prime minister narendra modi over demonetisation, senior congress leader p chidambaram today said he would have quit as finance minister if forced to implement the measure.
tax collection data is real and not an estimation, arunjaitley said, while dismissing apprehensions of slowdown in following currency squeeze post demonetisation.
we are also struggling a lot because of the demonetisation, said kumarravi , who wanted to go to chennai from mysuru road satellite bus station.
when poor farmers of villages have started adopting digital payment, now they (middlemen) have started spreading new rumours, modi said.
new delhi: issuing a veiled warning, finance minister arunjaitley today said one cannot convert black money into white by merely depositing unaccounted cash in bank accounts as taxes are required to be paid on them.
digital pushpushing for digital transactions, modi said, everyone has right to use his or her money and no one stops them.
as early as 11am, the state bank of india (sbi) atm at bomikhal had run out of cash, reminding the kiosk's security guard of the initial days after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8.
prem nath pandeynaik mahendra singh, 30, was serving at roughly 20,000 feet above sea level in siachen when prime minister modi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 last year.
reacting to union finance minister arun jaitleys claim that the post-demonetisation situation in the country would stabilise in another two to three weeks, amarindersingh said he did not see the situation improving even in the next one year.
modi said the country had over the past few months witnessed an atmosphere in which people had in large numbers participated in the digidhan movement for digital payments.
prime minister narendramodi on november 8 last year had announced demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
gandhi claimed that lakhs of youth lost jobs because of demonetisation and gst as production in factories stopped due to lack of demand in the market.
economic affairs secretary subhashchandragarg said demonetisation and gst reflect long-term vision of the government and its ability to undertake massive structural reforms.
in a surprise move on november 8, prime minister narendramodi had announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
buoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi had yesterday said he was committed to root out corruption.
for promoting digital transactions there is a need to popularise rupay card among people, bihar cm nitishkumar said.
in last week of december, during the demonetisation period, prime minister narendramodi had announced a scheme to boost real estate and provide affordable houses to all.
in a facebook post, mamatabanerjee said that her apprehension about demonetisation has proven to be correct and asked the centre to give clarification.
the mother-son duo should not forget that it was due to the demonetisation that several shell companies were busted and because of this, your company was caught, modi said.
thomas said the pac has asked reserve bank of india (rbi) to come out with the exact number of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes which were demonetised and deposited with banks after prime minister modi announced the move on november 8.
today, i challenge them to spell out a single step that they had taken during 10-year of their rule against black money, finance minister arun jaitley said while replying to the debate.
mangaluru: december 8, 2016, dhns 0:09 ista month after demonetisation, getting change a problem for citizensit will be one month on thursday since prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes and the cash withdrawal limit at atms has been increased to rs 2,500 per day by the rbi.
(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) accusing prime minister narendra modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the rbi, congress vice president rahulgandhi said on monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on demonetisation just a day before the move.
before taking the decision, proper exercise to know whether the nation has sufficient notes of lower denomination to compensate the old ones was not done, said ram babu.
after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8, the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy.
prime minister narendramodi had announced the note ban on november 8 last year, and rjd chief lalu prasad on monday said the decision destroyed the country's economy.
when prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation, he had said the new year would see new india.
demonetisation curbed use of black money in the sector, modi said, adding his decisions face problems in the beginning as he works ahead of time.
committed to attack graft: pm after bjp show in civic pollsgonda (up), feb 24, 2017, (pti) 15:50 istbuoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister modi today said he was committed to root out corruption.
taking on prime minister narendra modi over last novembers demonetisation exercise, senior congress leader p chidambaram said on saturday he would have quit as finance minister if forced to implement the measure.
prime minister modi had announced the demonetisation move on november 8.
on demonetisation, modi said there was chaos amongst the corrupt after note ban was announced as they were forced to deposit the ill-gotten money in bank accounts.
kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee today asked prime minister narendra modi about how many more lives would be lost in the country in the wake of the demonetisation move.
defending the decision on demonetisation, modi said the menace of fake currency could not have been checked if such a big offensive was not initiated.
br ambedkars grandson and former mp prakash ambedkar alleged that a major chunk of black money was deposited in the banks before november 8, the day modi announced demonetisation.
sack gandhi , says gandhi delhi, june 16, 2015, dhns 23:29 istcongress vice-president gandhi on monday asked prime minister narendra modi to sack external affairs minister gandhi swaraj for helping former ipl chief lalit modi who is the symbol of black money.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , a strident modi critic, told journalists after the opposition meeting that all parties criticised the governments handling of kashmir, caste clashes in saharanpur, demonetisation and incidents of cow vigilantism.
devoting considerable attention to demonetisation and its aftereffects, arunjaitley said the surplus liquidity in the banking system created by the note ban decision will lower borrowing cost and increase access to credit.
(file) urging youngsters to adopts and download the bihm app, pm modi said the money saved on printing of notes, transportation and atms among others could be used for the betterment of the poor.
many educational institutions had been under the government scanner over alleged monetary discrepancies even before prime minister modi announced the demonetisation exercise on november 8.
prime minister narendramodi , on november 29 last year, had asked bjp mps and mlas to submit their bank account statements of transaction between november 8, the day he announced demonetisation, and december 31 to party chief amit shah on january 1.
a day after four militants were killed in kashmir, punjab congress chief captain amarindersingh on monday said despite the narendra modi governments claims, note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from pakistan.
as the centre is keen to strengthen the digital payment infrastructure and grievance handling mechanisms, arunjaitley said the focus would be on rural and semi-urban areas through post offices, fair price shops and banking correspondents.
all that modi said in 2014 is jumla  bringing back black money, giving employment to two crore people, implementing the recommendations of the swaminathan committee report to help resolve farmer woes.
we will take more action under the benami act against those who are hoarding black money in kind and properties, modi said to the thumping of the desks by the treasury benches.
i fail to understand it), said akhileshyadav while trying to bring home the point that the bjp had used demonetisation as a tool to befool people in the name of checking black money and curbing corruption.
modi asked party leaders to work during the week to give a boost to the use of bhim app, a digital payment application, by educating the masses about it and helping them download it.
buoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi today said he was committed to root out corruption.
it has come to notice of the government that in many places the same people are coming back again and again and we have also received reports that certain unscrupulous elements who are trying to convert black money into white have organised groups of innocent people and are sending them from one branch to another branch to exchange notes and get rs 4500, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das told reporters.
speaking to express, park said, there is a myth, just like the myth post demonetisation that prices would fall, that there is no demand for real estate.
emphasising that the move destroyed the economy, lives and livelihoods, cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury said: modi and his minions claimed demonetisation will end black money, finish corruption, terminate terrorism, and bring only digital transactions.
in an interview to pti, finance secretary ashok lavasa said over  1.7 lakh pos machines have already been installed at public distribution system (pds) shops and more will be done in next few months.
even countries which are technologically far more advanced than india with comparatively much smaller size population do not have such a system in place, said pranabmukherjee , while complimenting the government for promotion of digital transactions.
prior to november 8, the day prime minister narendramodi announced scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 banknotes, around rs 13,000 crore was fed daily into the countrys 220,000 atms.read | 50 days of demonetisation: atm queues shorter but ripples to remain in januarythough cash situation is better, queues can still be seen outside several atm kiosks, primarily due to withdrawal restrictions  rs 4,500 per day and rs 24,000 a week.
prime minister modi had announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 last year, and said it was aimed at checking fake currency.
(photo | ani)agra: prime minister modi on sunday said political leaders behind multi-crore chit fund scams are attacking him as they have been hit hard by demonetisation, in remarks seen as a sharp attack on west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee.
collect details and prepare a comprehensive report on how demonetisation has impaired the finances of anti-national elements and groups,'' rajnathsingh told the intelligence agency at the inaugural of the 51st post-independence dgps/igps conference-2016 at the sardar vallabhbhai patel national police academy in hyderabad on friday.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said that one of the main reasons for the long queues outside banks was that people were lining up several times to exchange notes, frustrating the efforts of others who haven't been able to change their notes even once since the shock announcement.
last month, prime minister modi had said 37,000 shell companies indulging in tax evasion had been detected and more than three lakh firms were under the scanner for suspicious dealings, post demonetisation.
despite those problems, prime minister modi says his november 8 demonetisation decree has succeeded in uncovering tax evasion and cracking down on graft.
on november 8, 2016, prime minister narendramodi announced the withdrawal of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes to flush out high-denomination fake currency, mostly printed in pakistan.
referring to government's decision of demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, modi said the decision has not been taken to harass people but to help poor, marginalised and honest people.
being a delhi girl, i challenge you to fight the last two phases of the lok sabha elections on the issues of demonetisation, gst, women's security and the false promises made to people of the country, priyanka gandhi had said during the roadshow.
in the next brihanmumbai municipal corporation elections, nobody will be left with power to bribe voters, manoharparrikar said, without naming the ally shiv sena which has been critical of demonetisation.
the government has also constituted a special taskforce to keep a watch on the infusion of fake currency in vulnerable areas, mr. das said, adding that a technology team has also been formed to popularise the use of e-wallets and also to ensure that atm recalibration progresses apace.
now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency, jaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals.
we explained to him about the critical issue going on in the country (after demonetisation), mamatabanerjee said after meeting the president.
bal thackeray would've backed demonetisation: pm to sena mpsmumbai, nov 22, 2016 (pti) 21:45 istamid shiv sena's growing criticism of centre's demonetisation move, prime minister modi today told the party mps had former party patriarch bal thackeray been alive, he would have supported the move.
we will strive to restock atms at the earliest and make them operational, sbi chairperson arundhatibhattacharya said.
jharkhiholi had made news in november when, days after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of high-value currencies, he had conducted an extravagant wedding for his son on the lines of former bjp minister and mining baron g janardhan reddys daughters wedding the same month.
reacting to congress claim that note ban brought hardship to the farmers, arunjaitley said the opposition should stop bringing in farmers on every issue.
in his november 8 speech announcing the demonetisation, prime minister modi had said people could deposit their old 500 and 1,000-rupee notes in their bank accounts till march 31.
on other measures to boost digital transactions, mr. das said the telecom regulator trai has decided to reduce the ussd (unstructured supplementary service data) charges from the current rs.  1.50 per session to 50 paise per session for transactions relating to banking and payments.
repeating remarks he made in lok sabha a day earlier, modi said demonetisation should have happened in 1971 when indira gandhi was the prime minister.
rahul gandhi has asked the bengal congress unit to organise a slew of meetings for drawing up the congress manifesto for bengal telegraph file picturethe congresss manifesto consultation exercise, an assignment from none other than gandhi , has thrown a fresh challenge for the bengal unit of the party that is grappling with cash crunch and organisational decline.
b'union finance minister pranabmukherjee on saturday said that the government has sent notice to 17 persons in connection with stashing black money in foreign banks but it was not possible to reveal their names.
union finance minister arun jaitley has said the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
taking a cue from advani,punjab chief minister park said,a big issue has come up in the country nda chief ministers should first give in writing and announce their assets and tell the government that it can seize any black money they have.
need for maximum oppn unity, note ban a diversion: nitishnew delhi, feb 10, 2017 (pti) 21:23 istthere is need for maximum opposition unity against bjp based on a proper agenda, bihar chief nitishkumar said today in comments that were also critical of demonetisation which he felt was done without preparation.
explaining what he called the real reason behind the note ban, gandhi said, only 6% of the black money is in cash and the rest 94% is in real estate, gold and swiss bank accounts.
prime minister modi (source: pti photo/file) prime minister modi (source: pti photo/file)as part of his push for digital payments, prime minister modi today asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments bharat interface for money (bhim) app for transactions.
patna: senior bjp functionary sushilkumarmodi on tuesday said rajesh agrawal, the chartered accountant of mishail packers and printers pvt ltd, an alleged shell firm run by rjd chief lalu prasad's eldest daughter misa bharti and her husband shailesh kumar, has confessed to enforcement directorate (ed) that he had converted black money to the tune of rs 1.
the government and opposition parties were thursday locked in a bitter war of words with finance minister arun jaitley citing a spike in the number of taxpayers to staunchly defend demonetisation while congress president gandhi said the note ban cost 1.
lucknow: in a message to those criticising note ban, union home minister rajnathsingh today said they should show patience for the 50-day period as the decision has been taken keeping national interest in mind and the situation will normalise after that.
highlighting modi governments failure in almost all sectors, mamata said: modi said demonetisation would bring down terrorism, instead it had grown during his tenure.
it is not for him to dictate where the common people would keep their hard-earned money, mamatabanerjee said attacking modi and the central government over demonetisation, which has plunged the nation into a big crisis.
transport minister ram told journalists here on thursday that the annual revenue of the corporation will take a hit due to demonetisation and diesel price hike.
on the recalibration of atms for dispensing new design currency notes, arunjaitley said, it would take two to three weeks, since the present machines are designed to dispense only rs 100, rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
modi said those opposing evms are not only opposed to evms, they have problems with technology, digital transactions, aadhaar, gst, bhim app.
sonowal said cashless payments have the potential to root out corruption from the system and urged the citizens to adopt cashless transactions as a way of life.
finance minister t.m. thomas isaac told the assembly on tuesday that the government hoped to overcome the impact of demonetisation and gst on the states economy in another six months.
presenting his first full-year budget, arunjaitley said the first and foremost pillar of his tax proposals is to enacting a new law to effectively deal with the problem of black money which eats into the vitals of our economy and society.
it is people's mandate for the prime minister's decision of demonetisation, sonowal told reporters.
the withdrawal limit from atms has been increased to rs. 2,500 but this will apply only to the recalibrated atms, mr. das said.
by ptithimphu: prime minister modi on sunday said the students in bhutan have the power and potential to do extraordinary things, which will impact future generations, as he proposed extensive cooperation between the two countries in new areas such as space and digital payments.
(source: pti photo)stating that demonetisation has had no impact on gdp, prime minister modi citing testimonials by apple chief tim cook, microsoft founder bill gates, world bank chief kristalina georgieva, nobel laureate for economics muhammad yunus and others, on tuesday said that the world was looking at the bold move with a lot of respect.
pti photoaddressing party mps at the bjps parliamentary party meeting, finance minister arun jaitley said that the prime minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities.
talking about gst and demonetisation, gandhi claimed: due to gst and demonetisation, small and medium businesses have been destroyed.
mangaluru: december 8, 2016, dhns 0:09 ista month after demonetisation, getting change a problem for citizensit will be one month on thursday since prime minister modi announced demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes and the cash withdrawal limit at atms has been increased to rs 2,500 per day by the rbi.
addressing the media in new delhi about prime ministers last night meeting to review the demonetisation and its impact, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said the atm re-calibration has started and some of the atms will start dispensing higher denominations, including 2000 rupee notes, from today or tomorrow.
watch what else is making newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, jaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
seeking to rope in youngsters to promote cashless transactions, modi said for every person introduced to the bhim app, one will get a cashback of rs 10.
the issue came for discussion at the last meeting of the union cabinet during which prime minister manmohansingh had said that it was not possible to make specific details such as about black money parked in swiss banks.
in his speech on the november 8, modi had said: to break the grip of corruption and black money, we have decided that the rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes presently in use will no longer be legal tender from midnight tonight, that is 8th november 2016.
prime minister modi announced about the demonetisation in his address to the nation at 8 pm on the same day after cabinet's approval.
during the budget debate in the parliament, finance minister arunjaitley too had said that the demand for perishables had been affected due to demonetisation.
bengaluru: chief minister siddaramaiah on saturday asked the union government why raids and arrests in connection with unaccounted money were carried out only in states not ruled by bjp.
chief minister naveenpatnaik has already announced his support for demonetisation move of the centre.
(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) accusing prime minister narendra modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the rbi, congress vice president gandhi said on monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on demonetisation just a day before the move.
if the cashless economy is a chariot, the bhim app is the charioteer.
attacking the centre over currency ban, akhileshyadav said it was not only that the people who suffered due to demonetisation, note ban had hit the countrys economy equally hard.
when asked if the government has any plans to push digital payments for funding of political parties, arunjaitley said: can i tell you this would inevitably will be a future course.
attacking modis policy, gandhi said that two months after the conclusion of demonetisation drive, the government has failed to provide even estimate of black money unearthed.
indian prime minister modi on november 8 had announced the demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes.
on november 8, prime minister modi in a surprise move announced demonetisation of 500 and 1,000 rupee notes and since then, long queues before banks and post offices are seen to deposit or exchange these currencies.
the demonetisation exercise, which has led to a surge of low cost funds into the banking sector, will not only help in expanding the size of the formal economy but also eventually push up tax collections, arunjaitley said in the lok sabha on thursday.
on the controversial noteban decision, former prime minister manmohansingh said scars and wounds caused by demonetisation are getting more visible with time and second anniversary is a day to remember how economic misadventures could roil the nation.
maken also recalled that prime minister modi , during his lok sabha election campaign, had said that if the black money is brought back, each citizen will have rs 15 lakh while home minister rajnath singh, who was then bjp president, had promised to bring back black money within 100 days.
and those who don't have phones need simply use their aadhar cards to make payments at micro-atms, nilekani said.
donning a himachali cap with dry followers atop, rahulgandhi in his forty minute speech said,``demonetisation is a move against the poor.
demonetisation was a bad idea implemented badly and gst was a good idea implemented badly, shashitharoor said.
attorney general mukul rohatgi told the apex court bench headed by chief justice of india ts thakur that he had placed the affidavit on record in connection with the demonetisation issue.
5 (pti): underlining that fighting corruption and black money is key to effective financial governance, prime minister narendramodi today asked g20 leaders to act to eliminate safe havens for economic offenders, unconditionally extradite money launderers and end excessive banking secrecy that hide the corrupt.
earthquakeduring the winter session last year, which was washed out because of ruckus over the governments note ban move, gandhi told reporters outside parliament that he had information about personal corruption by the prime minister and there would be an earthquake if he was allowed to speak in lok sabha.
talking about demonetisation, modi claimed that it had not caused any harm to the common man, but it is congress which felt the pinch.
indias economy should get a lift from the launch of the goods and services tax (gst), finance minister arunjaitley said on thursday, putting a brave face on a slowdown in growth that followed a government crackdown on black money.
in his speech announcing demonetisation in november 2016, modi had said that banning certain currency notes would curb black money and circulation of fake notes by terrorist outfits.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said small traders and businesses will get a tax advantage of more than 30 per cent for digital transactions.
terming the proposed goods and service tax as the biggest tax reform since independence, modi also said he has warned those with black money to declare it before the given deadline of september 30, as stern action might be taken after that.
otherwise, the mass anger due to agrarian distress, demonetisation or rising fuel prices among others will not have led to humiliation for the bjp in the assembly polls, omarabdullah said at an event here.
modi said this was necessary to combat corruption, black money and terror funding.
forget demonetisation, i will keep taking tough actions, one after another, to get rid of these termites who resurface at new places every time their holes are plugged, modi said at a function in jharkhands backward sahebganj district.
noting that the symbolic sops he had announced for farmers in his new year eve address to the nation were not enough to rescue the farming community from the crisis into which they had been plunged due to note ban, amarinder said modi had failed to announce debt waiver even though the congress had recently submitted to him more than one crore forms from punjab and uttar pradesh farmers seeking relaxation.
jo kataarein atm ke bahar lagi hai wo polling booth ke bahar lagegi (polling booths will see long queues like ones outside atms now, akhileshyadav told pti in an interview.
the government will take many more innovative steps to make assam the first state to achieve the target of 100 per cent cashless and digital transactions, sonowal said.
bengaluru: chief minister ram on saturday asked the union government why raids and arrests in connection with unaccounted money were carried out only in states not ruled by bjp.
making political hay of data released by the central statistics office and taking a swipe at economists  some like harvard professor and nobel laureate amartya sen called demonetisation a despotic action that has struck at the root of economy based on trust while manmohan singh who went to oxford described it as organised loot and legalised plunder  modi told election rallies in maharajganj and deoria that ek taraf woh vidhwano ki jamaat hai jo harvard university ke naam par baat karte hain, ek aur garib ma ka beta hai jo hard work ke dwara desh ki arth-neeti badalne par laga hua hai (on the one hand, there are intellectuals who speak in the name of harvard university, and on the other, a poor mothers son is trying to change the economic policy of the country).
watch video | find out what pm narendramodi told cabinet over demonetisation decisionin the worlds largest democracy the demonetisation was revolutionary: it called into question the states promise to pay the bearer the face value on every banknote.
earlier, attacking the narendra modi government on demonetisation, congress president gandhi on wednesday said that the note ban policy has destroyed lives of crores of farmers.
demonetisation +times of india litfest +new delhi:will hasten the digitisation of the financial economy and financial inclusion, said nandan nilekani , former chairman of the unique identification authority of india, at thetoday.
while announcing the demonetisation, prime minister modi had asked holders of such notes to deposit or exchange them in banks till december 30.
we can 'clean' india: modimumbai, nov 20, 2016, dhns 1:09 istindia would be free from all forms of filth in one generations time, prime minister modi said on saturday night, sending out a strong message that there is no looking back on the mega-drive against black money and corruption.
those indulging in or colluding with money laundering or converting black money into white will not be spared, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said in a tweet.
to be honest, even december and january was good, but there were few sectors in which industries like hindustan unilever and others saw a decline because of demonetisation but the trend now is upwards, said modi , president, federation of telangana and andhra pradesh chambers of commerce and industry (ftapcci).
in delhi, economic affairs secretary das also said that the government was keeping a close watch on deposits in jan dhan accounts as, in many cases, such accounts are being misused for deposit of black money.
the reserve bank of india had warned the government about demonetisation hours before prime minister modi announced the move on november 8, 2016, congress leader jairan ramesh said at a press conference on monday.
with regard to opposition's criticism over demonetisation, an issue that led to washout of the last winter session, modi said from day one, the government has been saying that it is ready for a discussion on it.
the long-delayed gst constitution bill was passed by parliament on august 8, marking a historic step for tax reforms which prime minister modi said was crucial for ending tax terrorism besides reducing corruption and black money while making consumer the king.
reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear, arunjaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system.
in his address, pranabmukherjee said that demonetisation has resulted in the temporary slowdown of the economy but as more and more transactions become cashless, it will improve the transparency of the economy.
coming back to demonetisation, modi said that cashless would take india step-by-step, slowly in the direction of a clean economy.
prime minister modi tonight announced demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes with effect from midnight, making these notes invalid in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
after prime minister modi announced the withdrawal of old currency notes of rs 1,000 and rs 500 on november 8, 2016, atms across the country had to be recalibrated to fit new notes of rs 2,000 and rs 500.
new delhi: even as bjp mps hailing from uttar pradesh claimed that the momentum in favour of the saffron outfit was sliding ahead of the assembly elections due to demonetisation, prime minister modi on friday said that the nation is above party interests.
modi said his government was investing the money recovered post-demonetisation on carrying out public works and funding welfare schemes.
chief minister devendra fadnavis on sunday asked bankers to help realise prime minister narendra modis appeal for a cashless economy.
the impact of the demonetisation and the gst is well behind us, finance minister arunjaitley said on thursday after the numbers were announced.
if demonetisation is beneficial for the common man, then why are the shopkeepers, farmers and labourers suffering so much, mamatabanerjee asked the crowd present at the meeting.
the new encryption adds another security layer to the hardware at a time when such devices are all set to take the centre stage in biometric-based digital payments.
in a bid to expose modi's double speak, nitishkumar said: modi had promised to bring back black money after being elected to power.
special: experience the first 50 days after demonetisation through 50 exclusive stories from tnieterming the criticism, that almost the entire cash got deposited in the banks post demonetisation, as ill-informed, arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of demonetisation.
in his 42-minute intervention, modi said the gst regime would compel traders to give proper bills to consumers and help fight corruption and black money.
its the law on black money, modi said in bhopal.
modi in his independence day speech had said that the government's efforts to deal with the menace of black money were working and people have declared undisclosed income of about rs 6,500 crore.
agra, nov 20, 2016 (pti) 18:46 istin poll-bound uttar pradesh, prime minister narendramodi today said his demonetisation decision had severly hit the parties whose leaders seek money in lieu of tickets for contesting assembly polls, in a veiled attack on bsp chief mayawati who has been facing such allegations.
as early as 11am, the state bank of india (sbi) atm at bomikhal had run out of cash, reminding the kiosk's security guard of the initial days after prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8.
buoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister modi had yesterday said he was committed to root out corruption.
banks had at least hoped that a rally in bond markets since modi announced demonetisation would boost treasury gains, given lenders own around half of government debt.
speaking on indian economy: the new normal in the aftermath of demonetisation, jaitley said for the first time such a decision came which was difficult to implement because one has to confront with many challenges.
new delhi: union urban development minister naidu on thursday said that by creating a ruckus in parliament, the congress was trying to wriggle out of the discussion over demonetisation.
after prime minister modi announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, the centre in a bid to encourage customers to go cashless, had instructed the oil companies to give a discount of 0.
on whether the government has assessed the extent of impact on shipments, teaotia told pti that commerce ministry has entered into a consultative process with all the export promotion councils to understand the level of adaptation to the effects of demonetisation".
addressing a rally in ambikapur in chhattisgarh ahead of the second phase of voting on november 20, modi claimed people did not have issues with demonetisation, but only a family.
when customers told her that the banks were unable to give rs 100 denomination notes, mamatabanerjee told them to insist on the same.
bulk of black money still in india: jaitleynew delhi, oct 05, 2015, dhns 1:36 istfm outlines measures to check itafter a clampdown on overseas unaccounted wealth and assets, finance minister arunjaitley on sunday said the bulk of black money is still within india.
and at a bjp parliamentary party meeting, modi said his government had given prominence to janshakti (peoples power) over rajshakti (state power) through the demonetisation decision.
in a surprise move on november 8, prime minister modi had announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
b'cash crunch: finance minister arunjaitley said the temporary shortage in certain states is being tackled quickly and that there is more than adequate currency in circulation.
launching a stinging attack on the opposition party over corruption at an election rally in sundernagar, modi said the congress campaign against demonetisation was driven by its attempts to mislead the people and create an atmosphere against him before he can raise a storm over benami assets.
digital india has checked black money and black marketing and uprooted middlemen, modi said.
explaining why the government decided to go for demonetisation, arunjaitley said if people had to buy property, they were asked as to how much money would be paid in cash and how much by cheque, and such immoral practices continued.
new delhi: as the central governments financial agencies are going behind the people using rogue bank accounts to park their black money; prime minister modi on sunday said that action would be taken against those guilty under benami law.
this law will enable confiscation of benami property and provide for prosecution, thus blocking a major avenue for generation and holding of black money in the form of benami property, especially in real estate, arunjaitley had said.
promising a new nation in a new year and a clean-up of what he called the 70-year-old slush pile of black money, prime minister modi told his party mps tuesday that the decision to demonetise notes of higher denomination was to help the poor.
prime minister modi prime minister modi modiprime minister modi has asked his ministerial colleagues to give details of tours, if any, undertaken by them during the last three months, an exercise aimed at ascertaining whether they promoted demonetisation and other initiatives, sources said.
prime minister modi , on november 29 last year, had asked bjp mps and mlas to submit their bank account statements of transaction between november 8, the day he announced demonetisation, and december 31 to party chief amit shah on january 1.
on criticism that demonetisation was a shock to the system, modi said it was first necessary to consider whether the measure was needed.
at a time when people are distressed due to the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes by the union government, ram has announced a series of programmes for the development of backward classes and has also announced schemes for the agricultural sector.
commenting on the demonetisation process, manmohansingh had said yesterday that it was responsible for the slowdown in indias economy and cited a collapse in private sector investment and the reduction of the industrys gross value added growth.
in bhilwara, gandhi said demonetisation and gst left lakhs of people unemployed.
digital payments will help fight corruption and proliferation of black money, said pm modi.
after the government's decision of withdrawing rs. 500 and rs. 1,000 banknotes to curb black money, corruption and counterfeit currency, arunjaitley said that higher-denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies.
in response, attorney general mukul rohatgi said that there is no shortage of funds as rs 100 notes are in circulation and the atms needed to be re-calibrated to issue new currency notes of rs 500 and rs 2,000.
vijayawada: the decision of demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 currency would help both the centre and states garner more revenue, but the black money hoarders would search for alternatives to protect their illegal money and the centre should be well prepared to deal with it, finance minister ram said here on friday.
kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said people have been forced to accept the scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes not willingly but out of fear, taking a dig at prime minister narendra modis vehement justification of demonetisation of higher value notes in parliament on tuesday.
speaking at the meeting, modi said demonetisation is not the end but the beginning of a long, deep and constant battle against black money and corruption and will benefit the poor and the common man.
speaking to select media on the completion of two-and-a-half years rule of telangana rashtra samithi (trs) government on friday, ram said the government would try to overcome the demonetisation problems and speed up the government activities in the second half of the rule.
rohatgi told the bench that various petitions have been filed challenging the demonetisation move before different high courts across the country and these matters should be transferred to the apex court or one of the high courts.
speaking after releasing two books on constitution in new delhi, prime minister modi said those who are criticizing the demonetisation move dont have problem with the governments preparedness, but they are having problems because they didnt get time to prepare for turning their black money into white.
in the coming few months, rs 1,000 notes will be brought in with a new design, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said.
what jaitley is not telling you is that modi did not even asked him about demonetisation that is the way government of india is being run.
modi said the centre was scared of ramdev asking to weed out black money after the arrest of hasan ali who was now under the supreme court scanner.
mamata had sent an invite to the finance minister weeks before prime minister modi announced the demonetisation move.
still, the best overall performance of the economy was recorded since october 2016, endorsing the standpoint that the economy is recovering from the implementation of the twin shocks of demonetisation and gst," dodhia said.
reiterating his pitch for a cashless economy, modi said, we also have a historic opportunity to embrace increased cashless payments and integrate latest technology in economic transactions.
dr shoeb s. katrawala, who runs katrawala diagnostic centre on astodia road, says, mr modi has said that this is all being done to cut down black money, to cut off funds to terrorists and stop the flow of counterfeit money in the economy.
gandhi said finance minister arunjaitley had recently said economic decline had nothing to do with the demonetisation.
expressing satisfaction that lakhs of tea workers did not have to suffer due to the demonetisation, sonowal said that each bank must take steps for opening of bank accounts of the tea garden workers who were still left out as per list prepared in-coordination with the tea garden management and start disbursal through such accounts.
now there will be less cash transaction and an increase in digital currency, jaitley said.
on the 60th day of after prime minister modi announced demonetisation -- the situation, which sucked out 86  of the countrys bank notes in circulation -- a dena bank branch in khimana village in gujarat was pelted with stones.
new delhi/kolkata/lucknow: with his government under opposition fire over demonetisation both within and outside parliament, prime minister modi has asked bjp mps to publicise the benefits of the exercise and steps taken for mitigation of their problems.
sharma said prime minister narendramodi , during bjp's poll campaign, had claimed that black money was to the tune of rs 85 lakh crore.
new delhi, aug 15, 2015, (pti): 10:31 istcommitting to carry forward the fight against black money, prime minister narendramodi today said rs 6,500 crore of undisclosed foreign assets have been declared under the compliance window of the new law and the drive would continue despite its 'side effects'.
referring to the show of strength by various political parties at the swearing-in ceremony of karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy, modi said, the fear of our government's move to crack down on black money has brought many to a common platform.
my governments aim is to realise that dream, modi said while speaking at the prize distribution function of the month-long digidhan contest launched in december for users of the digital transaction mode.
hitting out at congress for raising the issue of change of rules 150 times on demonetisation, modi said the previous upa government had changed rules regarding mnrega 1035 times during its implementation over six years.
modi said before claiming the reason was his fight against black money.
taking the nation by surprise, prime minister modi on the night of november 8 announced demonetisation of high-value notes with effect from midnight, in what he said was a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
it is january 12, 2017, 66 days since prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
talking to his crackdown on black money, modi said three lakh companies had shut their shops after the note ban, that too without any backlash.
the common men suffered for 70 years on account of black money, corruption and terrorism, modi said.
according to information accessed from the registrar of companies (roc), in the year after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation , at least 11,286 companies have been struck off, the fifth most in the country after delhi and maharashtra, andhra pradesh-telangana and tamil nadu.
mamata mamatabanerjee also claimed that demonetisation has brought back barter system on a massive scale throughout the state.
gandhi said that he would continue to fight for the salaried class and put pressure on the government which works for a selected group of industrialists and those with black money.
kanpur: lucknow: announcing a bonanza to reward cashless transactions, prime minister modi said that all those using e-payments since november 8, especially the small spenders, will be offered an incentive of rs 1000.
prime minister narendramodi announced the scrapping of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, 2016, with an aim to weed out black money, counterfeit currency and terror funding.
in his speech to the joint sitting of both houses, president ramnathkovind said, the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace.
after prime minister modi announced that rs 500 and rs 1,000 currencies have no legal tender from midnight of november 8, the black money holders have been finding various way to change their money into white.
bengalureans have been depending on various jugaad methods since the day prime minister modi announced a surgical strike on black money.
mayawati and mulayam singh who were opposed to each other, came together on one issue when i waged a war on black money as they found that the ground was slipping under their feet, modi said.
it has been three days since prime minister modi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, and people have been running helter-skelter to get their currency exchanged.
kolkata: communist party of india (marxist) on friday alleged that the state's bjp unit knew about the demonetisation beforehand and deposited rs 1 crore in rs 1000 and rs 500 currency notes in the party account of a nationalised bank just hours before prime minister modi announced scrapping of high value notes at 8 pm on tuesday.
but the list, submitted to the supreme court, is not complete and it lacks the details of persons with black money, nitishkumar said.
prime minister modi had announced the demonetisation move on november 8 last year under which the old rs 500 and rs 1000 note were rendered illegal tender.
antalya (turkey), nov 16, 2015 (ians) 16:19 istindia has zero tolerance on black money and corruption, prime minister narendramodi said on monday, the second and final day of the g20 summit here.
on the other hand, mp and former jd(u) president sharad yadav sits on a dharna with trinamool congress chief mamata banerjee, demanding a rollback of the demonetisation decision, senior bjp leader modi said.
watch video: people que up at banks to exchange rs 500 & rs 1000 notes: heres what they saidon whether the demonetisation of rs 500/1000 notes will help weed out black money, jaitley said this is not an isolated initiative and the decision has to be seen in the backdrop of various steps being taken including gst roll out.
modi also said that political and business leaders globally have supported the demonetisation move.
pm modi with bjp chief amit shah pm modi with bjp chief amit shahformer sp youth wing president of baghpat district, tarun deo yadav, has announced appropriate reward for those who would behead prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah for creating an emergency-like situation through demonetisation and being responsible for the 2002 godhra riots.
on november 8, 2016, prime minister modi in a televised address to the nation had announced demonetisation of the old high-value currency value notes.
extending his support to the chamber of industrial and commercial undertakings (cicu), ludhiana, amarindersingh said the impact of demonetisation on the states industries, already in the doldrums because of the badal governments antagonistic policies, had been devastating.
(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)accusing prime minister narendra modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the rbi, congress vice president gandhi said on monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on demonetisation just a day before the move.
bengaluru: anti-land grabbing action committee convener a t ram said action will be taken against land grabbers who have converted black money by buying agricultural land.
it is january 12, 2017, 66 days since prime minister modi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
watch video | pm modi modis scathing attack at congress in lok sabha: heres what he saiddefending his november 8 decision to demonetise rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes, modi said the step was to empower the honest.
watch video | nitishkumar , sitaram yechury, kapil sibal in an engaging discussion at p chidambarams book launchcalling demonetisation a big blunder, chidambaram said it is possible that popular silence is being interpreted as popular support.
we would like to focus all our resources to bringing back black money to the books, arunjaitley said.
modi could easily have rolled back the demonetisation decision within the first few days of its announcement, as soon as it became evident that far from meeting its objective of curbing black money and corruption it was actually creating unprecedented problems for the innocent people, said amarinder.
finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech had announced that the government would come out with a new law to effectively deal with the black money stashed abroad.
however, finance minister arunjaitley said the pmgky response should not be seen in isolation as it was introduced after the income disclosure scheme (ids) and demonetisation exercise were carried out in the previous fiscal.
the move had branded 86 per cent of the currency in circulation black money and everyone a criminal, he said adding when modi announced the plan it was expected that adequate arrangements would be made for dispensing new notes.
terming the criticism, that almost the entire cash money got deposited in the banks post demonetisation, as ill-informed, arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of demonetisation.
after the government's decision of withdrawing rs. 500 and rs. 1,000 banknotes to curb black money, corruption and counterfeit currency, jaitley said that higher-denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies.
(pti)kullu/palampur: prime minister narendramodi has said that effigy-burning would not deter him from the fight against corruption and black money, alluding to the congress's call for protests on november 8, the first anniversary of the demonetisation.
pointing out that india is witnessing historic transformations in a wide range of sectors, prime minister modi said india is keen to cooperate extensively in new frontiers, from schools to space, digital payments to disaster management.
normalcy has returned to the currency system post demonetisation and the pace of cash withdrawls has come down, said r gandhi who retired as deputy governor of reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday and was in charge of the currency management division.
addressing a rally here, modi said, my justice is a little 'karak' (strong) - referring to the demonetisation move to uproot corruption.
to further bolster the cashless transactions, arunjaitley said that sidbi will refinance merchants and businesses based on transaction history.
it's just beginning, says pm as bjp mps endorse his 'crusade'new delhi, nov 22, 2016, (pti) 13:09 istdemonetisation is not the end but the beginning of a long, deep and constant battle against black money and corruption and will benefit the poor and the common man, prime minister narendramodi today said as the bjp parliamentary party passed a unanimous resolution endorsing his great crusade.
we can 'clean' india: modimumbai, nov 20, 2016, dhns 1:09 istindia would be free from all forms of filth in one generations time, prime minister narendramodi said on saturday night, sending out a strong message that there is no looking back on the mega-drive against black money and corruption.
it was this deposit made three days after prime minister narendramodi announced scrapping of 500 and 1,000-rupee banknotes that caught the attentions of tax authorities, who are closely examining all suspicious high-value transactions done after the november 8 demonetisation announcement.
jaitley said that cash can be gradually substituted through digital payments/transactions.
now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency, arunjaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals.
siddaramaiah said demonetisation has hit tax collection, but the commercial taxes department will meet the revenue target of rs 51,338 crore for the current financial year.
prime minister modi on november 8 announced the demonetisation, effective that midnight, of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes.
jaitley told yadav that the government was ready for discussion on both demonetisation and terror attacks.
focus is on production and supply of rs. 500 and lower denomination notes, mr. das said in another tweet.
modi said that global universities would come to do research on results of the digital transaction programme.
modi said demonetisation would curb terrorism, but it is maximum under his government, she said.
| reutersnew delhi: india will offer tax incentives to small businesses engaged in cashless transactions, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters on tuesday, as part of the government's fight against the cash economy.
meghwal said that after the demonetisation move, the digital transactions at petrol pumps have shown a remarkable increase.
5 (pti): underlining that fighting corruption and black money is key to effective financial governance, prime minister modi today asked g20 leaders to act to eliminate safe havens for economic offenders, unconditionally extradite money launderers and end excessive banking secrecy that hide the corrupt.
tough rules against black money have sent shivers down the spines of many who have come on one platform, modi said in an oblique reference to the opposition parties who are grouping against the nda.
(representational image)on november 8, prime minister narendramodi announced his ambitious demonetisation policy initiative to attack the scourges of corruption, black money and fake currency.
reminding him of his poll promise, mamatabanerjee said: he has not been able to bring back the black money stashed abroad but has snatched away peoples money slyly by demonetizing the high value notes.
on the occasion, union minister m naidu said that the demonetisation was also a part of the digital india.
after prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation move on november 8, 2016, there was a liquidity squeeze in the market and the demand for jewellery went down by around 80 per cent.
more than rs 130 crore in cash and jewellery has been seized and approximately rs 2,000 crore of undisclosed income has been admitted by the taxpayers, it addedin a major assault on black money and terror funding, prime minister modi on november 8 announced demonetisation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes and asked holders of such currencies to deposit it in bank accounts by december end.
stressing that demonetisation decision will have a positive impact on the economy, arunjaitley said, this (the move) will have positive impact as far as the medium and long terms are concerned.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath at gorakhpurs uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath at gorakhpursthe uttar pradesh government will award contracts through e-tendering to remove mafia and criminal elements , chief minister yogiadityanath said today as he pitched for digital payments to eliminate corruption.
the impact of demonetisation was bound to show up on the growth figures, said dk ram , chief economist of crisil, while forecasting 7.
sharing the pain and miseries of the people are facing due to demonetisation of high value currency notes, modi said that history would not remember which prime minister enforced demonetisation but it would certainly remember how the people fought war on black money braving all troubles.
around 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister narendramodi said in rajya sabha today, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
rohatgi told the court that black money destabilises economy and the country.
as part of the operation clean money launched on january 31, 2017, arunjaitley said the i-t department would leverage technology and data analysis for e-verification of cash deposits made during the demonetisation period.
defending the centres decision, prime minister modi on friday said the demonetisation move had empowered the common man in the fight against black money, while taking a swing at the opposition and critics saying they were flustered as they were caught off guard.
ghaziapur: prime minister modi on monday said that the inconvenience faced by the common man due to demonetisation will not go in vain.
(pti photo)demonetisation has narrowed the gap between rich and poor and will help boost gdp growth, minister of state for finance arjun ram meghwal told lok sabha monday.
on november 8 last year, prime minister narendramodi announced the decision to demonetise all 1,000- and 500 rupee notes in an effort to curb black money and corruption.
notebandi (demonetisation), prohibition and goods and services tax (gst) were very courageous steps, but many times i feel that prohibition was a more difficult decision than demonetisation, deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi said at de-addiction day celebrations in patna in the presence of nitish and prohibition, excise and registration minister bijendra prasad yadav.
a buyer mukeshkumar had such an experience on thursday when new indian express visited kankarbagh for a month-after assessment of what has been wrought by the big d.having received the expected response from prasadji, mr mukeshkumar told me his party of the story: the atms are still giving this note only.
admitting that demonetisation has affected finances of the state, finance minister ram said that there is a decrease in tax revenues for the last four months -- from november, 2016 to february, 2017.
new delhi: the withdrawal limit of savings bank account of rs 24,000 per week will soon go, and the government is in discussions with the reserve bank of india (rbi) to issue lower-denomination notes, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said here on friday.
new delhi: dispelling rumours that finance minister arun jaitley was unaware of demonetisation, power minister piyushgoyal today said he knew it and kept it as secret despite being very friendly and open.
pti photoasserting that hard cash in india would become obsolete in the near future, union finance minister arun jaitley on monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people.
mumbai: since the demonetisation of high currency notes terror funding has come down to zero and there hasn't been stone-pelting on security forces, defence minister manoharparrikar said here today.
on ways to prevent black money menace in the future, arunjaitley said the global community is moving towards automatic exchange of information.
by ptiwashington: demonetisation and the goods and services tax (gst) are the two major headwinds that held back india's economic growth last year, former rbi governor raghuramrajan has said, asserting that the current seven per cent growth rate is not enough to meet the country's needs.
speaking in lok sabha after prime minister narendra modis fiery speech earlier in the day in the house, shashitharoor said, even the rbi has said that demonetisation did not bring the change as promised by the government.
assam has performed better than many states in the country in ushering in cashless transactions at tea gardens and other interior places of the state, sonowal said.
the country, which was once referred to as a 'golden bird', has now become just the opposite, modi said addressing a public rally at parade grounds here and reiterated his commitment to take on the corrupt and black money.
the way nitish kumar has acted out of the dotted line of politics and supported surgical strike and demonetisation, he can similarly play a historic role by adopting a constructive attitude on the ayodhya issue, said modi.
govt won't go soft on pursuit of black money: jaitleynew delhi, sep 9, 2015, pti: 12:51 istrefusing to relent on the pursuit of black money, finance minister arunjaitley today said the government will not go soft on bringing unaccounted wealth back into the formal system.
buttressing his point, arunjaitley said that the services and financial sectors, which normally grow at around 9-10 per cent, had a fall in growth even before demonetisation was announced.
prime minister narendramodi had announced on november 8 last year the governments decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1000 bank notes, in a move aimed at tackling black money.
pitching the use of bhim app to make digital transactions, modi once again, asked the people to teach others how to use the app.
after prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8, the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy.
says a banker who recounts the last ten days in his life, post demonetisationfrom the minute prime minister modi announced the breaking, heart-breaking (for the hoarders) and nation-shaking news on the fateful night of november 8 about the note ban, the banker in me became restless.
referring to black money, arunjaitley said the government is proceeding as per the rulebook, and added making public defaulters names via a process other than judicial would indirectly benefit those stocking black money abroad.
there was some slowdown visible given the global situation even prior to demonetisation in the last year, arunjaitley said.
saying that he supports digital payment, chidambaram also said that high value transitions should be digital but we should not force grocer to accept card payment.
b'rajasthan cm vasundhararaje (source: pti photo) rajasthan cm vasundhararaje (source: pti photo)demonetisation has hammered hard on corruption and the gst implementation has brought a positive change in the economy, rajasthan chief minister vasundhararaje said on thursday, lauding 3 years of modi government at centre.
even countries which are technologically far more advanced than india with comparatively much smaller size population do not have such a system in place, said mukherjee, while complimenting the government for promotion of digital transactions.
ani byraebareli: congress president gandhi on saturday said that no prime minister except narendra modi took foolish decisions such as demonetisation and goods and servies tax (gst) in the past 70 years.
speaking at the first meeting of the bjp parliamentary party in the winter session, modi said the poor and the lower and middle classes have suffered the most due to black money, fake currency and corruption and his government is working to rid the country of these evils and make the economy stronger.
there is a move to set up a new agency for probing anomalies in income tax returns filed by 18 lakh people after demonetisation, union minister radhamohansingh said on wednesday.
modi said his government believes that efforts should be made to bring back black money and the government was doing that.
expressing serious concern over the fallout of demonetisation in terms of its impact on the common people, amarinder said his personal view was that its objective to eliminate black money was good, but implementation was poor.
prime minister modi on november 8 announced the junking of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes and replaced the currency with new rs 2,000 and rs 500 notes.
it's just beginning, says pm as bjp mps endorse his 'crusade'new delhi, nov 22, 2016, (pti) 13:09 istdemonetisation is not the end but the beginning of a long, deep and constant battle against black money and corruption and will benefit the poor and the common man, prime minister modi today said as the bjp parliamentary party passed a unanimous resolution endorsing his great crusade.
in a statement issued here, amarinder said sundays encounter in kashmir and reports of pakistan pushing fake rs 2,000 currency into india via bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by modi.
when asked about demonetisations effects on the public banking sector, vijaya bank executive director b s ram said, it is a temporary phenomenon, which does not affect the demands of the corporate sector.
making similar demand, cpi(m) general secretary ram said that in the meeting they told the government that there should be discussion on demonetisation for two days as it has severely impacted the people across india, who have suffered due to this irrational move.
last month on this date, prime minister modi announced his battle against black money on national television by demonetising, in one fell swoop, all rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
(pti) presenting an early budget will have certain advantages and the move is part of prime minister modi modi's economic reforms after demonetisation, bjp leader modi said today.
when you make comments on steps we are taking on black money, please honestly consider your track record, arunjaitley said attacking the congress whose vice president had last week alleged in lok sabha that the disclosure scheme was fair and lovely to allow conversion of black money into white.
chief minister akhileshyadav had announced financial assistance of rs 2 lakh for kin of economically backward families who die while waiting in queues at atms or banks.
on the occasion, union minister m venkaiah babu said that the demonetisation was also a part of the digital india.
finance secretary ashok lavasa on december 16 had said that the withdrawal limit was to be reviewed after december 30, 2016.
in a bid to promote aadhaar-based payment system, especially in rural pockets, uidai has favoured incentives for shopkeepers using the biometric mode for digital transactions, in line with commission given by banks to business correspondents.
black money used to be parked in the real estate sector, but with decisions like note ban and rera, we put a check to it, modi said.
justifying demonetisation, arunjaitley said it will act as a disincentive towards continuing to deal with shadow economy, and integration of informal with formal economy will increase the size of the gdp and make it cleaner.
this house regrets that the presidents address does not mention the failure of the government to curb high-level corruption and to bring back black money, rajya sabha chairman hamidansari said incorporating the opposition-backed change in the motion of thanks.
referring to the benefits of demonetisation, modi said, the money hidden by many people in their homes under their beds, in almirahs and sacks has been brought back to banks.
prime minister modi had said that after demonetisation, terrorism will stop but it has not happened.
punjab congress chief captain amarinder singh on sunday asked prime minister narendra modi to waive farmers loans if he was serious about alleviating their woes following his demonetisation move.
when prime minister modi announced demonetisation, he had said the new year would see new india.
jharkhiholi had made news in november when, days after prime minister modi announced demonetisation of high-value currencies, he had conducted an extravagant wedding for his son on the lines of former bjp minister and mining baron g janardhan reddys daughters wedding the same month.
union finance minister arunjaitley has said that the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
on november 8 last year, prime minister modi announced the decision to demonetise all 1,000- and 500 rupee notes in an effort to curb black money and corruption.
the number of persons under the tax net has increased by 91 lakh as unaccounted cash lost anonymity post note ban, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
(source: ap) pm modi also said that combating the menace of black money and tax evasion will be india and switzerlands shared priority.
read morenew delhi: the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace, president ramnathkovind said in his address to parliament on thursday and vowed that the government will make the zero tolerance policy against corruption more comprehensive and effective.
both because it is desirable, (and) also to tackle the problem of black money and things like that, chief economic adviser ram said.
finance minister arun jailtey (file photo) finance minister arun jailtey (file photo)the implementation of the goods and services tax (gst), coupled with a digitised economy ushered in by demonetisation, will make indias economy look much cleaner and bigger, said union finance minister arun jaitley at the vibrant gujarat global summit wednesday.
further explaining his stand against demonetisation, the former union minister said, 80 per cent transactions in germany and austria is cash-based, in australia it is 60 per cent, canada 56 per cent and us 46 per cent, and prime minister narendramodi says india will go 100 per cent cashless.
fm cites higher tax mop up to dismiss economic slowdown fearsnew delhi, jan 9, 2017, (pti) 13:42 istdismissing concerns of slowdown due to demonetisation, finance minister arunjaitley today said both direct and indirect tax collections have shown robust increase during the april-december period, indicating uptick in economic activity including manufacturing.
defending the demonetisation drive, arunjaitley said, even when there was global stress, we still manage to have respectable growth rates and we had the courage because of leadership of the prime minister.
b'for promoting digital transactions there is a need to popularise rupay card among people, bihar cm nitishkumar said.
captain amarindersingh says, nri money has come in despite demonetisation through some channels, but, i am more concerned with the ideology of the extreme left and the khalistanis who are supporting the aap.
obviously there is some inconvenience for a couple of days or a couple of weeks, but that cannot be an alibi that india continues to live (with black money and parallel economy), jaitley said.
mamata had sent an invite to the finance minister weeks before prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation move.
prime minister narendramodi had announced the demonetisation of high denomination banknotes on november 8.
demonetisation was a bold and decisive strike in a series of measures to arrive at a bigger, cleaner and real gdp, arunjaitley told pti at karnali village, around 72 km from here.
expressing gratitude to the people, modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment, digidhan movement.
new delhi: delhi chief minister arvindkejriwal on tuesday said he will request lieutenant governor anil baijal to approve appointment of pharmacists in the city hospitals to avoid long queues for medicines, said an official.
pm seeks views of people on demonetisationnew delhi, nov 22, 2016, (pti) 12:26 istamid opposition attack, prime minister narendramodi today asked the people to directly convey their views to him on demonetisation via his app.
it was this deposit made three days after prime minister modi announced scrapping of 500 and 1,000-rupee banknotes that caught the attentions of tax authorities, who are closely examining all suspicious high-value transactions done after the november 8 demonetisation announcement.
punjab congress president captain amarindersingh says the rbi orders prohibiting cooperative banks from exchanging/accepting old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes are to blame for the state of affairs in rural punjab.
during an emotional address to the people in goa, prime minister modi yesterday said that he left his family and home to serve the nation, adding he understands the pain of the people who have been waiting in long queues to exchange their currencies.
even as there were reports that bjp leaders would stay away from the wedding that has come at a time when prime minister modi has announced war on black money, there was a lineup of leaders of the party at the event.
let us accept the challenge, plan accordingly and make a cashless economy possible, mr. fadnavis said while addressing an urgently-convened meeting of the state level bankers committee (slbc) in mumbai.
anta poril kola dhonor bepar (the business of black money has come to end), deshdrohir uporot poril madho mar (traitors of the country have got beaten up), anuprabeshkari sokole polabo simapa (infiltrators will have to flee across the border),modi said as thousands cheered.
as part of his push for digital payments, modi asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments bharat interface for money (bhim) app for transactions.
modiji has betrayed the people on the issue of providing jobs to two crore people every year and depositing rs 15 lakh cash into their accounts by bringing (back) black money stashed abroad, gandhi said.
we will be talking about the steps taken up by the government in curbing black money, uniform civil code and lack of scams, bihar deputy cm modi said.
the finance ministry has urged people to withdraw only as much cash as they need from atms, and the ministry is looking into complaints about atms running dry, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said here on wednesday.
collect details and prepare a comprehensive report on how demonetisation has impaired the finances of anti-national elements and groups, rajnathsingh told the intelligence agency at the inaugural 51st post-independence dgps/igps conference-2016 at the sardar vallabhbhai patel national police academy in hyderabad on friday.
in last november, after the decision (demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes) to fight black money and corruption, many lies were hurled, rumours were created and allegations were levelled that everything will disintegrate now and the economy will finish, modi said.
prime minister modi had announced the note ban on november 8 last year, and rjd chief lalu prasad on monday said the decision destroyed the country's economy.
modi also said he used the bitter medicine of demonetisation to bring back money into banking system and to give proper treatment to deep-rooted corruption system in the country.
this is an attempt to break the unity of the opposition on the issue of demonetisation, congress general secretary c p ram told reporters in new delhi.
in the video of the programme, which surfaced on media, jalil is heard telling the crowd that prime minister modi had said if he fails to end people's woes within 50 days of demonetisation, then he would be ready to face any punishment.
in a statement issued here, amarindersingh said sundays encounter in kashmir and reports of pakistan pushing fake rs 2,000 currency into india via bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by modi.
while acknowledging that the cash crunch would only ease post december 30, jaitley said that the amount of cash to be issued in the form of new 500 and 2,000 rupee notes would not be the same as the amount circulating before november 8, when prime minister modi announced the so-called demonetisation.
(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)accusing prime minister narendra modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the rbi, congress vice president rahulgandhi said on monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on demonetisation just a day before the move.
last week, sbi chairperson arundhatibhattacharya said that the merger of associate banks with sbi itself is on track and remains unaffected by the demonetisation move.
congress mp shashitharoor (pti photo) congress mp shashitharoor (pti photo)attacking the government over demonetisation, congress leader shashitharoor tuesday said there has been no positive impact on the economy due to note ban.
notebandi (demonetisation), prohibition and goods and services tax (gst) were very courageous steps, but many times i feel that prohibition was a more difficult decision than demonetisation, deputy chief minister modi said at de-addiction day celebrations in patna in the presence of nitish and prohibition, excise and registration minister bijendra prasad yadav.
the governments intention is also to increase digital transaction and ensure that more and more people migrate to digital money, said das.
prime minister modi announced about the demonetisation in his address to the nation at 8 pm on the same day after cabinets approval.
economic affairs secretary subhashchandragarg said that the government will step up printing of rs 500 notes by five times in order to meet an unusual spurt in demand for cash.
yet even though the cash crunch has inflicted the most pain on the poor, modi has said in his campaign speeches it would punish the venal rich.
indias economic growth of 7  during october-december has sparked a debate on how output grew so fast at a time when the country was facing its biggest-ever cash crunch after prime minister modi announced on november 8 the demonetisation exercise, which weeded out 86  of the currency notes in circulation.
stressing that all the political parties opposed to each other were together on the issue of corruption, modi said both mayawati and mulayam singh yadav had never been one of any issue but both were angry with him on his note ban decision.
addressing a rally ahead of the second phase of voting in chhattisgarh on november 20, modi claimed the people did not have issues with demonetisation, but only a family.
prime minister modi had announced on november 8 last year the governments decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1000 bank notes, in a move aimed at tackling black money.
speaking on indian economy: the new normal in the aftermath of demonetisation, jaitley said for the first time, such a decision was taken which was difficult to implement because of many challenges that came with it.
his plans were pushed back when prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8.
on november 8, prime minister modi announced the government's decision to withdraw legal tender status of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, a move aimed at eliminating black money and curbing terror financing.
all restrictions should be withdrawn immediately #demonetisation, mamatabanerjee said in a tweet on monday.
during an emotional address to the people in goa, prime minister modi said he left his family and home to serve the nation and added that he understands the pain of the people who have been waiting in long queues to exchange their currencies.
(source: pti)bihar chief minister nitishkumar on friday said the centres advocacy of cashless economy is possible only when there is a bank branch in every panchayat and space will be provided to start new banks in panchayat bhawans in the state.
modi said the demonetisation ---- which has made the bjp unpopular, particularly in the rural areas --- had led to the closure of many shell companies that were tools of the congresss corruption.
prime minister modi , in a sudden address to the nation on tuesday, announced that rs 500 and rs 1,000 denomination notes are being withdrawn from midnight and will now become mere paper.
also watch | up elections 2017: muzaffarnagar revisitedagreeing with congress leader mallikarjun kharges argument that black money gets parked in gold and properties, modi said: but we want to know when did this realisation dawn on you?
kumar had unambiguously praised demonetisation hours after prime minister modi announced the move on november 8 evening, even though the two other ruling allies in bihar  rjd and congress  had been critical of it.
while announcing the demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi had asked holders of such notes to deposit or exchange them in banks till december 30.
sack sushmaswaraj , says rahul gandhinew delhi, june 16, 2015, dhns 23:29 istcongress vice-president rahul gandhi on monday asked prime minister narendra modi to sack external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for helping former ipl chief lalit modi who is the symbol of black money.
prime minister modi announced the scrapping of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, 2016, with an aim to weed out black money, counterfeit currency and terror funding.
in yet another attack at the narendra modi-led bhartiya janata party (bjp) government, chidambaram said, the economy has slowed down because of demonetisation.
months before prime minister modi announced demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country, a low level government karmachari in jharkhands latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction.
for the urban population, das said recalibration of atms has already started and they will start dispensing the new rs 2,000 currency notes from today or tomorrow.
on november 8, 2016, prime minister modi announced the withdrawal of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
while announcing its quarterly result, sbi chairperson arundhatibhattacharya also said that the bank has got deposits worth rs 53,000 crore and has exchanged currency worth rs 1,500 crore after demonetisation move.
modi said opposition played all types of games in the last three months raking up issues like demonetisation and surgical strike.
new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday announced lucky draw schemes for people who use digital payment methods including e-banking, mobile banking and e-wallets.
modi at a rally in agra yesterday said that political leaders behind multi-crore chit fund scams were attacking him because they had been hit hard by demonetisation, indirectly referring to mamata banerjee.
pm narendramodi with bjp chief amit shah pm narendramodi with bjp chief amit shahformer sp youth wing president of baghpat district, tarun deo yadav, has announced appropriate reward for those who would behead prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah for creating an emergency-like situation through demonetisation and being responsible for the 2002 godhra riots.
the constitution 122nd constitutional amendment bill was passed by the parliament on august 8, marking a historic step for tax reforms which prime minister modi said was 'crucial' for ending tax terrorism besides reducing corruption and black money while making the consumer 'king'.
this will improve the functioning of toll plaza, digital payments, das said.
after demonetisation, the poor are enjoying a sound sleep while rich are running from pillar to post to buy sleeping pills, modi said as he tried to rally public support in poll-bound uttar pradesh, picking up from where he left yesterday in his speeches laced with emotion and aggression in goa and belagavi.
the pmo direction came after it emerged that rs 1,238 crore was deposited in these entities during the november-december period after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation.
union minister ram said that the congress is indulging in fear-mongering on demonetisation.
union minister nirmalasitharaman said that the congress is indulging in fear-mongering on demonetisation.
officers said this was the biggest haul of scrapped notes in the calcutta police area since prime minister modi announced demonetisation of the two categories of notes on november 8.
don't evaluate me only on demonetisation and gst; we brought economic reform, built toilets, brought electricity to 18,000 villages, modi had said in an interview to zee news.
agreeing with congress leader mallikarjun kharges argument that black money gets parked in gold and properties, modi said: but we want to know when did this realisation dawn on you?
while campaigning for the lok sabha elections in 2014, modi had said that, if voted to power, the nda government would bring back the black money within 100 days of forming the government.
the bjp leaders from across the country said that there is an overwhelming support for the governments bold move to fight black money and corruption, union minister m.venkaiahnaidu said.
dipak mishrapatna: opposition parties are gearing up to observe november 8 - which marks a year since prime minister modi announced demonetisation - as black day.
the bank is fully geared to meet all the financial requirements of its retail as well as corporate customers with its nation-wide net-work of branches and atms, said jain.
regarding demonetisation, modi said the government was always ready for the discussion on the issue but the opposition was only interested in tv bytes and not debates.
accusing modi of being totally arrogant, mamatabanerjee claimed alleged that he was responsible for over 120 deaths owing to demonetisation.
in his letter today, dubey claimed that ever since modi announced the demonetisation decision on november 8, thomas became restive and started searching for options to politicise the revolutionary step.
demonetisation to push digital economy, says nilekaninew delhi, nov 28, 2016, pti: 22:21 istdemonetisation would see a massive activation of digitisation of financial services in the country, although there will be some amount of short term pain in the coming weeks, former uidai chairman nandan nilekani said today.
das said the remonetisation process has reached near completion in less than 90 days of announcement of the demonetisation by the prime minister on november 8.
prem nath pandeynaik mahendra singh, 30, was serving at roughly 20,000 feet above sea level in siachen when prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 last year.
in a statement to the media, jaitley said, political parties have not been granted any exemption or privilege, post demonetisation and introduction of taxation amendment act, 2016.
modi said he was aware of the problems being faced by the people post-demonetisation.
These are being replaced with new currency bills of Rs 500 and Rs 2,000".
In a few months, Rs 1,000 notes with new features will be brought into the market," said Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das while addressing the Economic Editor's Conference here today.
The currency notes of lower denomination of Rs 100 and Rs 50 will continue to be the legal tender, he said, adding the Reserve Bank will come out with new series of such notes with new design and added security features.
According to the RBI, the Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes accounted for 86% of the total value of notes in circulation.
Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said that the demonetisation is due to sharp increase in circulation of these notes in the last five years.
This landmark move is being hailed as the biggest currency conversion in the world both in terms of value and quantity.
Rs 1,000 currency notes to be back soon: CentreNew Delhi, November 11,2016, DHNS: 0:58 ISTThe Union government plans to re-introduce Rs 1,000 currency note with a new design and additional security features once the dust settles on the decision to demonetise high denomination bank notes.
The Rs 1,000 currency notes will make a comeback in a few months, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters here.
The government also has plans to introduce Rs 100 and Rs 50 currency notes with a new design and enhanced security features.
The government also has plans to introduce Rs 100 and Rs 50 currency notes with a new design and enhanced security features.
Explaining the reason for holding back the release of Rs 1,000 currency notes, Das said maintaining secrecy about the entire exercise was topmost priority, prompting the government to rope in only two to three people for designing the new notes.
When you change design of notes, it is a laborious process, he said, adding that if the government had decided in favour of simultaneous release ofRs 1,000 notes, more designers would have to be engaged, thus putting the secrecy element at risk.
The number of ATMs which will be recalibrated and which can dispense Rs 2,000 notes will be stepped up.
To make this whole process faster, a task force was decided to be set up under the chairmanship of the RBI deputy governor, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters here on Monday.
The decision was taken on Sunday night after Prime Minister Narendra Modi reviewed the impact of last weeks demonetisation of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes.
The government has also formed a team of seven joint secretaries to monitor the supply of currency.
Each joint secretary has been assigned three or four states to make action plans, Das said.
A large number of micro-ATMs will also be deployed across the country to facilitate disbursement of new currency.
FinMin asks RBI, banks to double-check old notes deposit dataNew Delhi, Dec 15, 2016, (PTI) 21:02 ISTFinance Ministry today exuded confidence that supply of new currency notes will considerably improve in next 2-3 weeks even as it asked the RBI and banks to "countercheck" the data regarding deposit of now-defunct currency notes to ensure there is no double counting.
The RBI has already pumped in Rs 5 lakh crore worth 500 and 2,000 rupee notes and by month end about 50 per cent of the Rs 15 lakh crore worth demonetised currency would be injected into the system, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters here".
Finance Ministry, RBI and enforcement agencies are working in tandem so that situation eases out.
So the RBI has given necessary instructions to connected banks to give necessary cash required by Royal Monetary Authority of Bhutan," he said.
Das said the RBI has a particular plan of action with regard to currency supply.
"With regard to remonetisation process, it would be as per requirement and also government has given a big push to digital transaction.
He said the CBDT is taking "surgical action" on data provided by the Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU) and the Suspicious Transaction Reports (STRs) filed by banks for detecting illegal accumulation of new currency".
Further action is being taken by the tax department and it is not an aimless fishing expedition," Das said.
With regard to the impact of demonetisation on rabi sowing, Das said the total sowing area so far is almost at par with last year and whatever shortfall has happened will be made good in the coming weeks.
Further action is being taken by the tax department and it is not an aimless fishing expedition," Das said.
With regard to the impact of demonetisation on rabi sowing, Das said the total sowing area so far is almost at par with last year and whatever shortfall has happened will be made good in the coming weeks.
New Delhi, Nov 15, 2016, (PTI): 18:21 ISTA small mark of indelible ink, used mostly during elections to prevent multiple voting, will be put on the right hand finger of those exchanging banned 500 and 1,000 rupee notes for new ones from tomorrow to prevent crowding at banks by repeat exchangers.
A persons, as per the revised guideline, is allowed to exchange old notes totalling up to 4,500 on a single day.
Earlier in the day, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said it was noticed that the same people were coming back again and again to exchange notes, causing the long queues and creating hassles for genuine people to get their cash.
By-elections for four Lok Sabha seats - Cooch Behar and Tamluk in Purba Medinipur district in West Bengal, Shahdol in Madhya Pradesh and Lakhimpur in Assam will be held on November 19.
Various wings of the government, the RBI and banks are working to ensure that the situation eases fast.
The emphasis now is to provide cash to rural areas from where reports of inadequate availability of cash are coming in, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikant Das told reporters.
He said cash was being made available to co-operative banks for crop loan disbursement.
In the last about five weeks, the lower denomination notes of Rs 100, Rs 50, Rs 20 and Rs 10 have been supplied three times more than their normal yearly supply.
Das said the currency notes continued to be airlifted to non-metro cities and rural areas.
He said more than Rs 5 lakh crore of new currency have been circulated since November 8.
The second advance estimates of National Income, 2016-17, revealed that the growth in the GVA from 'manufacturing' sector is estimated to be  7.7 per cent compared to  10.6 per cent in 2015-16.
Commenting on the data, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said this year growth figures are on a high base of last fiscal and numbers "do not show much negative impact of demonetisation".
The per capita net national income (current price) during 2016-17 is estimated to be Rs 1,03,818 showing a rise of  10.2 per cent compared to Rs 94,178 during 2015-16 with the growth rate of  8.9 per cent.
New Delhi, Dec 2, 2016, (PTI): 12:39 ISTIn a stern warning to black money hoarders, the Finance Ministry today said those indulging in money laundering activities and converting their ill-gotten money into white will not be spared as law-enforcement agencies are already chasing such trails".
Those indulging in or colluding with money laundering or converting black money into white will not be spared," Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said in a tweet".
Trails being pursued by agencies.
They also wanted to know why the government changed goalposts frequently by first declaring demonetisation as a fight against black money and terror funding, and later contending that the purpose was to promote cashless economy.
New Delhi, Feb 3, 2017 (PTI) 14:36 ISTThe exercise of remonetisation that began after scrapping of the old Rs 500 and 1,000 notes on November 8 is "nearly complete" as practically there are no restrictions on withdrawals, said Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das".
All restrictions have been removed except on savings bank account of Rs 24,000 per week.
The emphasis will be on providing lower denomination notes.
Das said the remonetisation process has reached near completion in less than 90 days of announcement of the demonetisation by the Prime Minister on November 8".
In less than 90 days, the whole process of remonetisation is almost complete.
Besides, a task force has been constituted to monitor circulation of fake currency notes in vulnerable areas and to keep a watch on black money being deposited in the system".
It has come to notice of the government that in many places the same people are coming back again and again and we have also received reports that certain unscrupulous elements who are trying to convert black money into white have organised groups of innocent people and are sending them from one branch to another branch to exchange notes and get Rs 4500," Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters".
As a result what is happening is that the benefit of withdrawal of cash is getting restricted to smaller number of people.
???? This would prevent certain syndicates and certain kind of people coming to branch again and again, he said.
Das said the government is keeping a close watch on deposits in Jan Dhan account as in many cases such account are being misused for parking black money".
Any legitimate deposit in Jan Dhan account, the person concerned would not be put to any inconvenience.
With regard to indelible ink mark, Das said the operational guidelines would be decided by the banks.
On augmenting delivery channels, Das said cash availability with the District Central Cooperative Banks (DCCBs) and  1.3 lakh post offices has been enhanced which should be able to meet the requirements of rural population.
Besides, the religious organisation or temple trust are encouraged to deposit smaller denomination of notes which usually come to them, he said, adding that it will help increase supply of lower denomination currency into the market.
A task force has also been set up that will draw a plan of action for shifting of the old notes and storing of the old notes in other place so that banks and post offices continue to get new notes.
Asking people not to fall prey to rumours like shortage of salt and bankers going on strike, Das said the government will ensure adequate availability of cash as well as essential commodities".
The supply of essential commodities is very closely monitored.
Q3 growth negates negative speculations about note ban impactNew Delhi, Feb 28, 2017, (PTI) 20:46 ISTElated at the GDP numbers, Finance Ministry today said the 7 per cent growth in the third quarter has negated the negative projections and speculations about the impact of demonetisation on growth.
Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said the third quarter and the  7.1 per cent growth projected for full fiscal are "definitely something noteworthy"".
We had said that most of the reports were anecdotal, not based on statistics.
It's not a satisfactory number, we have to remember that the sector itself is going under a major structural reform.
Going forward we should see improvements in the sector," Das said.
He said the impact of demonetisation was temporary and was limited to consumption.
New Delhi, Nov 14, 2016, PTI: 14:02 ISTAllaying fears of shortage, the Finance Ministry today said there is enough cash in the system and delivery channels are being augmented across the country to help cash-starved citizens.
Giving details of the high-level meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi late last night, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said it was decided to activate all channels for dispensing cash.
With regard to rural areas, he said the cash holding limit for  1.2 lakh banking correspondents (BCs) has been increased to Rs 50,000 and banks have been given flexibility to increase this limit on case to case basis.
Together, these  2.5 lakh delivery points, mostly in rural areas, would be able to give bigger quantum of cash to the public, he added.
For the urban population, Das said recalibration of ATMs has already started and they will start dispensing the new Rs 2,000 currency notes from today or tomorrow.
However, he clarified that the higher cash withdrawal limit of Rs 2,500 is only for recalibrated ATMs.Additionally, a large number of micro-ATMs will be deployed to help people withdraw cash through debit cards.
To mitigate their hardship, the RBI has started distributing high security Rs 500 notes from yesterday.
To help small traders meet their business requirements, Das said the government has decided to increase the cash withdrawal limit to Rs 50,000 per week for small businesses".
Considering the cash availability, (for) the business entity having current account for past three months, the limit has been increase to Rs 50,000 per week to pay wages and meet sundry expenses," he said.
As far as government departments and Central PSUs are concerned, he said they have been advised to carry out all payments online and resort to cash withdrawal only in totally unavoidable situations.
In order to make transaction through cards cheaper, Das said RBI has asked National Payments Corporation of India to waive its various transaction charges.
Similarly, banks have been advised to waive debit and credit card charges.
The meeting was also attended by RBI Governor and Deputy Governor R Gandhi, apart from senior Finance Ministry officials.
Das said the focus of the government is to activate all channels of distribution to ensure that cash is dispensed to the public".
So the focus is further strengthening and activation of the network of Business Correspondents, the network of post offices, ATM networks and the network and reach of the banking system, activation and widening the facility of e-payment and finally great emphasis.
New Delhi, Nov 17, 2016, PTI: 15:43 ISTWith the demonetisation creating hardships in the middle of marriage and sowing seasons, government today allowed witdrawals up to Rs  2.5 lakh for weddings and up to Rs 50,000 for farmers but more than halved the limit of exchange of defunct notes to Rs 2,000.
Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said the families preparing for a wedding can withdraw up to Rs  2.50 lakh from bank account giving PAN details and self declaration.
However, with effect from tomorrow individuals can exchange invalid 500 and 1,000 rupee notes totalling Rs 2,000, as against Rs 4,500 earlier, only once till December 30.
We find that many people are not able to reach the counter and same persons are visiting the counter multiple times and other people are not getting the benefits," Das said.
Das said ever since the demonetisation announcement was made, a lot of representations have come to Prime Minister and Finance Minister Arun Jaitley to ease withdrawal norms for wedding purposes".
It has been decided that for wedding ceremonies which are going on, up to Rs  2.50 lakh will be permitted to be drawn from the bank account.
Among other measures, it has allowed up to Rs  2.5 lakh cash withdrawal from bank account of a bride or groom or their parents for a marriage during the ongoing wedding season".
To enable larger number of people to get benefit of over-the-counter exchange of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes, the existing limit of Rs 4,500 will be reduced to Rs 2,000 with effect from tomorrow," Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters.
The over-the-counter exchange of Rs 500/1,000 in return of new currency will be available "once per person till December 30"".
(Source: File)In a stern warning to black money hoarders, the Finance Ministry today said those indulging in money laundering activities and converting their ill-gotten money into white will not be spared as law-enforcement agencies are already chasing such trails.
Those indulging in or colluding with money laundering or converting black money into white will not be spared, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said in a tweet.
Trails being pursued by agencies.
The RBI has infused more than Rs 5 lakh crore of currency notes into the banking system since November 8.
At a separate briefing Thursday, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said that 50 per cent worth of the withdrawn currency would be in circulation by the end of the month.
Roughly whatever has been taken out by the end of the month, about at least 50 per cent of the notes which were in circulation, which were actually in circulation, at least 50 per cent of the notes would have been supplied in another 10-15 days, Das said.
At a separate briefing Thursday, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said that 50 per cent worth of the withdrawn currency would be in circulation by the end of the month.
Roughly whatever has been taken out by the end of the month, about at least 50 per cent of the notes which were in circulation, which were actually in circulation, at least 50 per cent of the notes would have been supplied in another 10-15 days, Das said.
Seized notes are also being put into circulation as soon as possible.
The government applied fresh curbs on over the counter exchange of old Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes on Thursday, by reducing the limit from Rs 4,500 to Rs 2,000.
For over the counter exchange of old Rs 500/1000 notes, with effect from Nov 18, Rs 4,500 limit will be reduced to Rs 2000, DEA Secretary Shaktikanta Das said.
WATCH VIDEOAddressing a press conference today, Das announced that families celebrating weddings can withdraw cash up to Rs  2.5 lakh per wedding.
Registered traders at mandis can withdraw Rs 50,000 per week to meet labour costs, he added.
And central government employees, up to Type C, can withdraw their salary in advance up to Rs 10,000, Das said.
India vs England Live scoreWATCH VIDEOEarlier, the government has introduced the use of indelible ink at select metro cities to deter unscrupulous element from sending honest people in groups to convert black money to white.
A MYSORE company, the only recognised producer of indelible ink or voters ink in India, is scrambling to ramp up production on a war footing after the Centre Tuesday asked banks to start tagging those exchanging old Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes to prevent unscrupulous elements from sending people to exchange money multiple times at different branches.
Announcing the use of indelible ink, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said: We have received reports that certain unscrupulous elements, who are trying to convert black money into white, have organised groups of innocent people and are sending them from one branch to another to exchange notes and get Rs 4,500 each.
As a result, what is happening is that the benefit of withdrawal of cash is getting restricted to a smaller number of peopleto prevent such kind of misuse, the branches of banks will take recourse to the use of indelible ink marks for disbursement of cash.
The ink has also been used in pulse polio programmes in India and other countries and is sometimes used in hospitals to mark cancer-affected parts of the body.
In Delhi, Economic Affairs Secretary Das also said that the government was keeping a close watch on deposits in Jan Dhan accounts as, in many cases, such accounts are being misused for deposit of black money.
Many Jan Dhan accounts are reportedly getting deposits of Rs 49,000, against the limit of Rs 50,000.
Taking cognisance of the hardship faced by small traders, the government has decided to increase the cash withdrawal limit to Rs 50,000 per week.
Considering the cash availability, (for) the business entity having current account for past three months, the limit has been increased to Rs 50,000 per week to pay wages and meet sundry expenses, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said.
In order to ease cash situation, the government has formed a team of seven joint secretaries to monitor on regular basis the shortage of the currency.
In order to ease cash situation, the government has formed a team of seven joint secretaries to monitor on regular basis the shortage of the currency.
Each joint secretary has been assigned 3-4 states and banks for constant monitoring of currency supply situation and make action plan, Das said.
Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikant Das Tuesday announced that banks will be using indelible ink, similar to the one used in elections, to deter unscrupulous people from making multiple visits to cash counters in a day.
The DEA Secretary revealed that the finance ministry has received reports of many trying to convert their black money by sending people in groups to swap currency at bank counters.
To solve this problem we have decided to use indelible ink marks, similar to the one used in elections, at cash counters, Das said.
He added that the reason for long queues outside the banks is because of the same people joining the queue again at some places.
He added that the reason for long queues outside the banks is because of the same people joining the queue again at some places.
Have been trying to analyse reasons for long queues,it has come to notice that same people are coming again at same place, Das said.
Notes hoarded by anti-nationals will be worthless Notes hoarded by anti-nationals will be worthlessMaking one of his boldest moves since assuming power, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Tuesday announced that Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes will be withdrawn from circulation at midnight, saying this decision was taken to break the grip of corruption and black money.
Meanwhile, the government has set up a special task force headed by Deputy Governor of RBI to expedite the process of re-calibrating the ATMs to make them fully functional, which will work with different banks in this direction.
Addressing the media in New Delhi about Prime Ministers last night meeting to review the demonetisation and its impact, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said the ATM re-calibration has started and some of the ATMs will start dispensing higher denominations, including 2000 rupee notes, from today or tomorrow.
ATM limit has also been increased to 2,500 rupees, however it will be disbursed only by the re-calibrated ATMs.Saying that there is no need for public to panic, Das assured that there is enough cash available in the system and situation will ease in coming days.
WATCH VIDEO: Demonetisation: Banks Provide New Rs 500 NotesThe DEA Secretary revealed that the finance ministry has received reports of many trying to convert their black money by sending people in groups to swap currency at bank counters.
To solve this problem we have decided to use indelible ink marks, similar to the one used in elections, at cash counters, Das said.
He added that the reason for long queues outside the banks is because of the same people joining the queue again at some places.
He added that the reason for long queues outside the banks is because of the same people joining the queue again at some places.
Have been trying to analyse reasons for long queues,it has come to notice that same people are coming again at same place, Das said.
A woman displays a bank coupon issued for collecting cash on Tuesday.
What of people who have already exchanged thousands through their employees?
This is ridiculous, said Rajkamal Das, who is a bank employee himself.
However, Anand Pawar, a businessman from Fort, does not believe that the introduction of indelible ink will make a difference.
Our effort is to have as much public expenditure as possible while managing fiscal deficit, he said.
As regards to the inflation, Jaitley said it is at  3.6 per cent as against the target of 4 per cent (+/- 2 per cent) given to the RBI and the current account deficit has been brought down to  0.3 per cent from a high of  4.5 per cent during UPA regime.
Referring to demonetisation, he said it has not impacted the economy as apprehended by experts and added that even during the stress period (of November and December), the size of the formal economy was increasing.
Referring to demonetisation, he said it has not impacted the economy as apprehended by experts and added that even during the stress period (of November and December), the size of the formal economy was increasing.
Jaitley said the demonetisation, coupled with the implementation of GST, will make India a single market instead of 30 different markets in the states, facilitaing free flow goods and services throughout the country.
GST, he said, will also check tax evasion and help in increasing the revenue of Centre as well as states.
The Finance Minister said the cash-to-GDP ratio in India is  12.2 per cent as against 2 to 5 per cent in developed and emerging economies.
Answering questions as to why the RBI has not yet come out with the amount of scrapped notes deposited with the banks, Jaitley said they were computing and will not hurriedly give the numbers as it concerns their reputation.
Jaitley further said the collection figures with regard to income tax, excise tax and realisation of VAT by states, with the exception of two states, have gone up post demonetisation.
Answering questions as to why the RBI has not yet come out with the amount of scrapped notes deposited with the banks, Jaitley said they were computing and will not hurriedly give the numbers as it concerns their reputation.
Jaitley further said the collection figures with regard to income tax, excise tax and realisation of VAT by states, with the exception of two states, have gone up post demonetisation.
Responding to criticism of government on demonetisation by Trinmool Congress MP Saugata Roy, Jaitley said cash is root cause of many problems including the chit fund fraud which was witnessed in West Bengal.
Jaitley further said the collection figures with regard to income tax, excise tax and realisation of VAT by states, with the exception of two states, have gone up post demonetisation.
Responding to criticism of government on demonetisation by Trinmool Congress MP Saugata Roy, Jaitley said cash is root cause of many problems including the chit fund fraud which was witnessed in West Bengal.
To a jibe by CPI(M) member Mohammad Salim, he said nowhere in the world will a Marxist say that there are virtues of cash.
(File Photo) Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
(File Photo)Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the currency is in surplus and the ministry is monitoring status of ATMs on a daily basis to sort out operational issues.
The Department of Financial Services is collecting details about money in ATMs. There might be a few operational issues in some locations I get report on a daily basis we are monitoring it so that these kinds of situations do not arise.
But in equal measure, I would also implore them to do adequate research before jumping the gun.
Jaitley categorically said there is no question of sparing anyone, and the political class is no exception.
In fact PM Modi is setting a new example of propriety in public life, by asking all MPs & MLAs of BJP to submit their bank account details post demonetization.
We would like to urge the other parties to do the same and prove their intentions against corruption, he said.
Political parties enjoy no immunity whatsoever, said Jaitley, adding that If there is any discrepancy in the books or records of political parties, they are as liable to be questioned by the Income Tax authorities as is anyone else.
They enjoy no immunity whatsoever.
(PTI Photo)Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday objected to former prime minister Dr Manmohan Singh speak on the issue of demonetisation in Rajya Sabha and asked the opposition to resume the debateIf it is on the demonetisation issue let the opposition resume the debate and let Dr. Manmohan Singh speak.
If there is no debate, nobody from the opposition is going to be allowed to speak, Jaitley said.
WATCH VIDEO: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Slams Opposition Over DemonetisationLeader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha, Ghulam Nabi Azad, earlier said that Dr Singh would like to speak something.
PTI Photo Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
PTI PhotoAddressing party MPs at the BJPs Parliamentary party meeting, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said that the Prime Minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities.
Terming the decision historic, Jaitley said : what was normal from last 70 years that this much in cash and this much in cheque but now the Prime Minister has created a new normalToday every honest citizen feels that a premium has been given for his honesty.
PTI PhotoAddressing party MPs at the BJPs Parliamentary party meeting, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said that the Prime Minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities.
Terming the decision historic, Jaitley said : what was normal from last 70 years that this much in cash and this much in cheque but now the Prime Minister has created a new normalToday every honest citizen feels that a premium has been given for his honesty.
In the long term, this landmark step will increase the size of official economy and reduce the shadow economy, Jaitley said.
Terming the decision historic, Jaitley said : what was normal from last 70 years that this much in cash and this much in cheque but now the Prime Minister has created a new normalToday every honest citizen feels that a premium has been given for his honesty.
In the long term, this landmark step will increase the size of official economy and reduce the shadow economy, Jaitley said.
Watch What Else Is making NewsAt a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, Jaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
In the long term, this landmark step will increase the size of official economy and reduce the shadow economy, Jaitley said.
Watch What Else Is making NewsAt a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, Jaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
The situation is normalising in the urban areas.
Watch What Else is Making NewsStating that people still feel inspired and enthused under the Modi government, the minister noted that resentment builds up with passage of time after a new dispensation takes over, but there is no such feeling against the BJP-led regime.
Slamming Congress and Left parties for focusing only on difficulties seen after demonetisation drive, Jaitley said they were completely ignoring the economic and moral objectives behind the move.
A lot of hardship, violence and killings were witnessed during the Independence movement and partition, the BJP leader said, adding had there been TV channels at that time, the difficulties would have been highlighted instead of the freedom.
He emphasised that despite the difficulties being faced after note-ban, people were welcoming the move as they realised that the Prime Minister has displayed the required courage while taking a tough decision, aimed at curbing black money and getting it implemented.
Stating that the previous UPA regime has left behind a legacy of of policy paralysis, indecisiveness and no-doing approach, Jaitley said the Prime Minister had taken a very courageous decision as he wanted to transform India.
The thinking and system that remained the rule for 70 long years was changed and the status quo was given up, as the country is set to move away from being a developing nation to emerge as a developed country, he said, adding that confronting the new normal in India was not easy.
The thinking and system that remained the rule for 70 long years was changed and the status quo was given up, as the country is set to move away from being a developing nation to emerge as a developed country, he said, adding that confronting the new normal in India was not easy.
However, the Prime Minister has redefined the old normal in India where black money, corruption and cash flow in elections was considered normal, Jaitley said, adding most activities earlier followed the practice of so much in cash and so much in cheque.
Stating that replacement of around 86 per cent of old currency notes was bound to be a gigantic task involving time and difficulties, the Finance Minister said despite all these, honest people in the country now felt that honesty was finally beneficial.
The government has allowed citizens to deposit in their bank accounts old currency of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000, which has been declared invalid in the countrys biggest crackdown on black money, corruption and counterfeit notes, between November 10 and December 30.
WATCH VIDEO: People Que Up At Banks To Exchange Rs 500 & Rs 1000 Notes: Heres What They SaidOn whether the demonetisation of Rs 500/1000 notes will help weed out black money, Jaitley said this is not an isolated initiative and the decision has to be seen in the backdrop of various steps being taken including GST roll out.
You will have the currency squeeze that will take place because a lot of static currency is not going to come back into the market.
BJP's victory in bypolls is a clear indication that people are fully supporting the decision to demonetise Rs 1,000 and Rs 500 notes.
It is people's mandate for the Prime Minister's decision of demonetisation, Sonowal told reporters.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, however, termed the byelection result as a mandate against the Centre's decision of demonetisation.
CHANDIGARH: A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir, Punjab Congress president Captain Amarinder Singh pointed out on Monday that the "much touted" move to demonetise Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes had failed to check the inflow of terrorists or fake currency from Pakistan to India.
In a statement issued here, Amarinder said Sunday's encounter in Kashmir and reports of Pakistan pushing fake Rs 2,000 notes into India via Bangladesh were "proof" that the decision was ill-conceived and not helping curb terror.
"Sterner measures are needed to ensure foolproof border security if the nation and its people are to be guarded," he said.
"We welcome the demonetisation move.
These must be challenging times for the Congress wont to using black money during elections," Punjab Deputy Chief Minister Sukhbir Singh Badal told ET Magazine.
The counter: "People of Punjab are aware that the Akalis and the Badals have looted Punjab for the last 10 years.
"I feel problem will be over if enough cash would be available within the next few days," he said.
CHANDIGARH: Punjab Congress president Capt Amarinder Singh said on Tuesday that he had met cricketer-turned-politician Navjot Singh Sidhu and felt that the BJP rebel was interested in campaign for the Congress in the run-up to the 2017 assembly elections Hinting at Sidhu announce his role in the Punjab Congress soon, Amarinder said the decision on contesting the Amritsar Lok Sabha byelection had been left to the former MP.
He also endorsed the elevation of Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi.
"Though it had secured some advantaged earlier, things have deteriorated now to such an extent that they may not even win four seats in Punjab," he said.
Expressing serious concern over the fallout of demonetisation in terms of its impact on the common people, Amarinder said his personal view was that its objective to eliminate black money was good, but implementation was poor.
"It is common sense that if 86% of the cash is taken out of the market, there will be problems," said, adding that the government should have prepared itself better before making the announcement.
"It is common sense that if 86% of the cash is taken out of the market, there will be problems," said, adding that the government should have prepared itself better before making the announcement.
Replying to a question on the income-tax department chargesheet against him, Amarinder said there was no substance in the case and that it was completely politically motivated.
He pointed out that the issue of his alleged foreign assets was first raised by Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he (the PPCC president) was pitched against BJP's Arun Jaitley in Amritsar during the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.
He appealed to the judiciary to stop the Modi government from playing a fraud with the people, saying these changing rules were wreaking havoc with the lives of the people already reeling under immense hardship as a result of the currency ban.
Referring to the latest U-turn by the RBI on deposit of old notes under the demonetisation policy, Amarinder said Modi and his team were pushing the country into a state of financial anarchy and chaos by not following any rules in the matter of demonetisation.
In a statement issued here on Tuesday, the Congress leader said from the war hysteria whipped up two months ago to the demonetisation shocker that it unleashed against the people of India, the Modi government seemed to be moving concertedly in the direction of triggering unrest in the country in order to further their political interests, and to protect their friends in the industry and in their party.
Terming such acts as blatant fraud and cheating on the people, Amarinder once again demanded a review of the demonetisation policy to minimize the woes of the people".
Modi could easily have rolled back the demonetisation decision within the first few days of its announcement, as soon as it became evident that far from meeting its objective of curbing black money and corruption it was actually creating unprecedented problems for the innocent people," said Amarinder.
"Instead, Modi chose not only to go ahead with the ill-conceived move but aggravated the chaos and the woes of the people by getting the finance ministry and the RBI to issue new diktats every day," he pointed out.
The defunct currency (File Photo) The defunct currency (File Photo)The Supreme Court on Friday said that it will on December 2 hear all pleas including the transfer petition filed by the Centre on the demonetisation of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 currency notes.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi told the apex court bench headed by Chief Justice of India TS Thakur that he had placed the affidavit on record in connection with the demonetisation issue.
Senior lawyer Kapil Sibal, who appeared for one of the petitioners, told the bench that people are starving in the streets as there was no cash at all.
People are not getting Rs 24,000 a week then how some got lakhs of new currency, Chief Justice TS Thakur asked Rohatgi.
Replying to Thakur, Rohatgi said that some bank managers are allegedly involved in illegal activities and the government is acting against the culprits.
Earlier on December 9, the apex court asked the Centre whether its decision to bring in demonetisation was taken in absolute secrecy while hearing a bunch of petitions questioning the Narendra Modi governments rationale behind the implementation of the policy.
The Centre had submitted an affidavit last week on the demonetisation move in the Supreme Court, saying it is an attempt to unearth black money stashed over the last seven decades.
Rohatgi said that the Centre had filed a reply in the Supreme Court in compliance with the top courts earlier order on the issue.
The Centre in its affidavit told the apex court that demonetisation is a step to reduce ratio of cash transactions, adding the objective is to unearth illegal parallel economy.
The bench said it will examine it on Monday.
Replying that the government cannot sit in every bank, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years.
Replying that the government cannot sit in every bank, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years.
Replying that the government cannot sit in every bank, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years.
Replying that the government cannot sit in every bank, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years.
THE SUPREME Court on Thursday asked the Centre how crores in new currency were being seized every day, even as banks have expressed their inability to dispense Rs 24,000 to each account holder  the weekly withdrawal limit set after demonetisation.
THE SUPREME Court on Thursday asked the Centre how crores in new currency were being seized every day, even as banks have expressed their inability to dispense Rs 24,000 to each account holder  the weekly withdrawal limit set after demonetisation.
Replying that the government cannot sit in every bank, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years.
The bench led by Chief Justice of India T S Thakur was hearing a bunch of petitions challenging the demonetisation of old Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes.
Some have plenty (of new currency), and there are some who have nothing, it said.
Rohatgi said a total of Rs  7.5 lakh crore, including Rs 5 lakh crore in new currency notes, was available for transaction, and the cash problem should be resolved soon.
Seventy years of change would need at least 70 days.
These are your hospitals and they give proper receipts, it said.
Citing an example, Rohatgi said petrol pumps deposited mostly Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes in banks when the exemptions were allowed.
He said the government had reason to believe that the old notes were exchanged at a premium.
A bench of Chief Justice T S Thakur and Justice D Y Chandrachud listed the matter after Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi mentioned it and sought an urgent hearing.
Rohatgi said that as directed by the apex court on the last hearing of the case, the Centre has filed the transfer petition.
WATCH VIDEO: Demonetisation: Supreme Court Refuses To Stay ProceedingsThe apex court had on November 18 dubbed as a serious issue the long queues outside banks and post offices and expressed its reservation on the Centres plea seeking a direction that no other court in the country should entertain petitions challenging the November 8 notification demonetising Rs 1,000 and Rs 500 currency notes.
He had said the government has declared a decisive war against black money and corruption.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth Rs 8000 crore collected by DCCBs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth Rs 8000 crore collected by DCCBs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth Rs 8000 crore collected by DCCBs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth Rs 8000 crore collected by DCCBs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
The Supreme Court on Thursday said that the Centre should adhere to its notification allowing withdrawal of Rs 24,000 per week from bank accounts after demonetisation of high-value currency notes.
Sibal also said district cooperative central banks (DCCBs), which collected Rs 8,000 crore in three days after the November 8 demonetisation notification came into effect, have been denied permission to exchange and deposit old currency notes due to which the business of these banks was suffering.
Countering the submissions, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth Rs 8000 crore collected by DCCBs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
DCCBs have collected Rs 8000 crore in three days.
There may even be riots, observed a bench of Chief Justice TS Thakur and Justice A R Dave.
In response, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that there is no shortage of funds as Rs 100 notes are in circulation and the ATMs needed to be re-calibrated to issue new currency notes of Rs 500 and Rs 2,000.
He told the apex court that black money destabilises economy and the country.
The Centre had submitted an affidavit last week on the demonetisation move in the Supreme Court, saying it is an attempt to unearth black money stashed over the last seven decades.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that the Centre had filed a reply in the Supreme Court in compliance with the top courts earlier order on the issue.
The Centre in its affidavit told the apex court that demonetisation is a step to reduce ratio of cash transactions, adding the objective is to unearth illegal parallel economy.
Taking up four PILs filed against the controversial scheme, which has caused massive upheavals across the nation, the apex court asked the union government as to what further steps it is exploring and considering to address the inconveniences caused to people.
Rohatgi told the court that black money destabilises economy and the country.
He said over Rs 3 lakh crores have been deposited in various banks thus far and the government is expecting more Rs 11 lakh crores by December end.
While hearing a batch of pleas challenging various aspects of demonetisation, the court had said that all the parties should sit together and prepare a list of categories of cases which could be referred to high courts and those that could be heard by the apex court.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi, appearing for the Centre, had said that the government was aware of the situation in cooperative banks which lack proper infrastructure and mechanism as compared to scheduled banks.
The submission came after senior advocate P Chidambaram, appearing for cooperative banks, questioned the governments decision, saying that the rural economy was almost paralysed due to non-inclusion of cooperative banks.
A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir, Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh on Monday said despite the Narendra Modi governments claims, note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from Pakistan.
A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir, Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh on Monday said despite the Narendra Modi governments claims, note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from Pakistan.
In a statement issued here, Amarinder said Sundays encounter in Kashmir and reports of Pakistan pushing fake Rs 2,000 currency into India via Bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by Modi.
A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir, Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh on Monday said despite the Narendra Modi governments claims, note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from Pakistan.
In a statement issued here, Amarinder said Sundays encounter in Kashmir and reports of Pakistan pushing fake Rs 2,000 currency into India via Bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by Modi.
Stronger and sterner measures were needed to ensure foolproof border security if the nation and its people were to be guarded against frequent external assaults, he said.
He had planned to disrupt the rally in Chabbewal but was stopped from sneaking in.
Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh on Sunday asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi to waive farmers loans if he was serious about alleviating their woes following his demonetisation move.
Reiterating his vow to waive all farm loans once the Congress comes to power in the state, Amarinder said Modis failure to announce loan waiver indicated his lack of seriousness in addressing the concerns of the farming community facing crisis due to note ban.
Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh on Sunday asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi to waive farmers loans if he was serious about alleviating their woes following his demonetisation move.
Reiterating his vow to waive all farm loans once the Congress comes to power in the state, Amarinder said Modis failure to announce loan waiver indicated his lack of seriousness in addressing the concerns of the farming community facing crisis due to note ban.
Noting that the symbolic sops he had announced for farmers in his New Year eve address to the nation were not enough to rescue the farming community from the crisis into which they had been plunged due to note ban, Amarinder said Modi had failed to announce debt waiver even though the Congress had recently submitted to him more than one crore forms from Punjab and Uttar Pradesh farmers seeking relaxation.
Reiterating his vow to waive all farm loans once the Congress comes to power in the state, Amarinder said Modis failure to announce loan waiver indicated his lack of seriousness in addressing the concerns of the farming community facing crisis due to note ban.
Noting that the symbolic sops he had announced for farmers in his New Year eve address to the nation were not enough to rescue the farming community from the crisis into which they had been plunged due to note ban, Amarinder said Modi had failed to announce debt waiver even though the Congress had recently submitted to him more than one crore forms from Punjab and Uttar Pradesh farmers seeking relaxation.
PMS ADDRESS DISAPPOINTING: JAKHARMeanwhile, state Congress vice-president Sunil Jakhar said Modis address to the nation on the New Year eve has left the people suffering from the demonetisation move disappointed.
The Congress has already decided to raise demonetisation as a poll issue.
In a letter to Chief Election Commissioner Nasim Zaidi, Amarinder said that, given the time constraints, the matter needed urgent attention of the EC and the RBI, to facilitate fair play of democratic processes.
With the existing RBI norms allowing only Rs 24,000 withdrawal a week from savings account and Rs 1 lakh from current account, it is not possible for the candidates to defray their expenditure given the two weeks they would have for campaigning, from January 21 (when final list will be announced by EC after scrutiny of nominations) to February 2 (the last date for electioneering), he wrote in the letter.
The Indian voter does get swayed, but cant be taken for granted.
A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir, Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh on Monday said despite the Narendra Modi governments claims, note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from Pakistan.
In a statement issued here, Amarinder said Sundays encounter in Kashmir and reports of Pakistan pushing fake Rs 2,000 currency into India via Bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by Modi.
A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir, Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh on Monday said despite the Narendra Modi governments claims, note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from Pakistan.
In a statement issued here, Amarinder said Sundays encounter in Kashmir and reports of Pakistan pushing fake Rs 2,000 currency into India via Bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by Modi.
Stronger and sterner measures were needed to ensure foolproof border security if the nation and its people were to be guarded against frequent external assaults, he said.
The Congress has already decided to raise demonetisation as a poll issue.
In a letter to Chief Election Commissioner Nasim Zaidi, Amarinder said that, given the time constraints, the matter needed urgent attention of the EC and the RBI, to facilitate fair play of democratic processes.
With the existing RBI norms allowing only Rs 24,000 withdrawal a week from savings account and Rs 1 lakh from current account, it is not possible for the candidates to defray their expenditure given the two weeks they would have for campaigning, from January 21 (when final list will be announced by EC after scrutiny of nominations) to February 2 (the last date for electioneering), he wrote in the letter.
The new notes come loaded with enhanced security features, besides having peculiar colour, theme and size which differentiate the new bills from the earlier series.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said that the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear, Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said that the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear, Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system.
The government believes that this decision has been welcomed everywhere.
In the wake of new currency noted of a higher denomination of Rs 2,000 being introduced, such a cap on cash transactions would ensure that it does not become easy for hoarders to stack illicit savings in the higher denomination notes.
NEW DELHI: Asserting that hard cash in India would become obsolete in the near future, Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people.
In future, the proportion of hard currencies in India is set to become less just like the other developed nations.
Action will be taken against those jewellers who fail to take PAN numbers from such buyers, Adhia said.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley earlier in the day had said that deposits of the now defunct Rs. 500 and Rs. 1,000 currency notes in bank accounts will not enjoy immunity from tax.
After the government's decision of withdrawing Rs. 500 and Rs. 1,000 banknotes to curb black money, corruption and counterfeit currency, Jaitley said that higher-denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies".
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley earlier in the day had said that deposits of the now defunct Rs. 500 and Rs. 1,000 currency notes in bank accounts will not enjoy immunity from tax.
After the government's decision of withdrawing Rs. 500 and Rs. 1,000 banknotes to curb black money, corruption and counterfeit currency, Jaitley said that higher-denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies".
Depositing the old currency notes in the banks will not provide any relief from taxation," said Jaitley".
After the government's decision of withdrawing Rs. 500 and Rs. 1,000 banknotes to curb black money, corruption and counterfeit currency, Jaitley said that higher-denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies".
Depositing the old currency notes in the banks will not provide any relief from taxation," said Jaitley".
If the money is legitimate which had been previously withdrawn from bank or earned legally and saved and had been disclosed, there is nothing to worry about," he told DD.
The Minister further said the government's move will promote more and more digital transactions".
Obviously there is some inconvenience for a couple of days or a couple of weeks, but that cannot be an alibi that India continues to live (with black money and parallel economy)," Jaitley said".
The decision would bring more transactions under tax net and both direct and indirect taxes would move up.
Reduction in parallel economy would increase the size of formal economy," he added.
BHUBANESWAR: Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday said Prime Minister Narendra Modi has created a 'new normal' for the country's economy by breaking all the stereotypes of the past through his demonetisation move".
Earlier, it was so much in cash and so much in cheque.
The Prime Minister redefined the new normal though his bold initiative of demonetisation of high currency notes.
Now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency," Jaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals.
Speaking on "Indian economy: The new normal" in the aftermath of demonetisation, Jaitley said for the first time such a decision came which was difficult to implement because one has to confront with many challenges.
Now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency," Jaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals.
Speaking on "Indian economy: The new normal" in the aftermath of demonetisation, Jaitley said for the first time such a decision came which was difficult to implement because one has to confront with many challenges.
The Prime Minister had the temerity to take such a hard decision to fight black money and corruption.
Despite all odds, the people of the country have accepted this reality with enthusiasm and have shown greater maturity.
Attempts by some political parties and a section of the media to provokethe people against the government have proved futile, Jaitley said".
Two categories of people have not changed - politicians and media people.
Tax evasion would be increasingly difficult because at some point of transaction - from inception to the end - the whole process of manufacture would be captured on the IT backbone that is beingdeveloped.
BHUBANESWAR: Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday said Prime Minister Narendra Modi has created a new normal for the countrys economy by breaking all stereotypes of the past through his demonetisation move.
Earlier, it was so much in cash and cheque.
The Prime Minister redefined the new normal though his bold initiative of demonetisation of high value currency notes.
Now there will be less cash transaction and an increase in digital currency, Jaitley said.
Speaking on Indian economy: The new normal in the aftermath of demonetisation, Jaitley said for the first time, such a decision was taken which was difficult to implement because of many challenges that came with it.
Now there will be less cash transaction and an increase in digital currency, Jaitley said.
Speaking on Indian economy: The new normal in the aftermath of demonetisation, Jaitley said for the first time, such a decision was taken which was difficult to implement because of many challenges that came with it.
The Prime Minister had the temerity to take such a hard decision to fight black money and corruption, he said.
Despite all odds, the people of the country have accepted this reality with enthusiasm and have shown greater maturity.
Attempts by some political parties and a section of the media to provoke people against the Government have proved futile, Jaitley said.
Two categories of people have not changed - politicians and mediapersons.
he added.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear, Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear, Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system.
The government believes that this decision has been welcomed everywhere.
Modi stated that the economy would come out much stronger after the implementation of the decision on demonetisation.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitely told the BJP MPs that the demonetisation would help India embrace digital economy.
There is a chill in the air, with dark clouds rolling towards the coast threatening to unleash a storm.

