the sco has a rich agenda for cooperation, ranging from fighting terrorism, separatism and extremism to promoting cooperation in connectivity, commerce, customs, law, health and agriculture; protecting the environment and mitigating disaster risk, and fostering people-to-people relations, modi said in a pre-departure statement.
yogi yogiadityanath (source: file photo) yogiadityanath (source: file photo)uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath has said that exploitation of farmers will not be tolerated, and officials, who ignore their interests, will not be spared.
@incindia has always supported loan waivers for farmers in distress (sic), gandhi said in a series of tweets.
on a day's visit to participate in the sabka saath sabka vikas (sssv) sammelan and other programmes organised by the bjp to mark three years of the narendra modi government at the centre, naidu said the waiver of farm loans depends on the financial viability of individual states.
we have to understand the problems farmers are facing, said modi.
this is what prime minister modi said here today while addressing a conference of agriculture ministers of states here.
chief minister devendra fadnavis has warned district cooperative banks and other financial institutions of stern action if they turn down eligible loan requests of farmers ahead of the kharif season.
modi said that the rs 1,540 crore the centre had released as compensation to farmers who suffered losses during the kharif season in karnataka, was not credited to their accounts till the union government applied pressure.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis announced a rs 30,000 crore loan waiver  the biggest such write-off in the states history.
the credit for this goes to every worker of the congress party, who under rahul's active guidance, carried out a sustained agitation, gandhi said, hailing the leadership of the congress vice president to the cause of farmers.
we should have sustainable agricultural production and work towards removing regional imbalances, said modi.
we are asking the prime minister modi to spare some money from this huge amount for providing debt relief to the farmers, he said, while asserting that it is the duty of everyone including the government of india to save the farmers from committing suicide.
prime minister narendramodi on saturday announced the creation of a high-powered committee on structural reforms in agriculture, saying this panel would include some chief ministers and take a holistic approach on the subject.
when a minister entrusted with the welfare of the farmers cannot relate to their problems and is absolutely indifferent to their plight, one can well imagine which way the country is headed, amarinder singh said.
barnala deputy commissioner ghanshyamthori said suicide of 27 farmers and farm labourers, because of debt have been approved as per direction of the department of revenue, rehabilitation and disaster management.
drip irrigation becomes critical during drought situations, because with one large tank of water, we can add the required fertilizer and water almost five acres for four days, said a ram , a chilly farm er in madukkarai.
gandhi at the farmers' rally on wednesday had said, the watchman with a 56-inch chest ran away and told a woman, sitharaman ji, defend me.
badal said that the massive hike in the cost of agricultural inputs coupled with the non-remunerative msp has broken the backbone of the farmers due to which there was dire need for adopting crop diversification in state.
emphasising the importance of increasing farm productivity, modi said there was a need to use modern technique in agriculture because farm land was shrinking with the rising population.
the condition of farmers and agriculture at present is a result of decades of neglect by those (previous governments) who believed in shortcuts and treated the peasants as mere vote bank, modi said.
chief minister siddaramaiah said, we are committed to protect the interest of farmers and people of karnataka.
addressing a convention organised by the womens wing of kisan manch in lucknow, nitishkumar said people in bihar are very happy with the ban on liquor.
while campaigning for the assembly elections in october last year, the bjp government, currently in power in the state, had targeted the previous congress-ncp regime for its failure to prevent farmer suicides.
the population is increasing but the land is not going to increasewe have to see how the productivity increases there should be more production in less land, modi said while releasing a two-part book series on renowned agriculture scientist m s swaminathan at his residence here.
but india has major potential but its hard-working farmers are driven to commit suicides.
rahul will visit kin of peasants who ended lives: siddaramaiahbengaluru, july 25, 2015, dhns: 0:58 istcongress vice president rahul gandhi will soon visit karnataka again for two days to meet some of the family members of farmers who committed suicide recently, chief minister ram said on friday.
siddaramaiah said primary agricultural credit co-operative societies in the state will be computerised in a phased manner during the next three years.
repeated loan waivers by various state governments distort credit pricing, thereby also disrupting the credit market, former rbi governor raghuramrajan had said.
earlier, uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath had announced crop loan write-offs of not more than rs one lakh costing the exchequer to the tune of rs 36,000 crore.
i myself being a son of a farmer, i empathise with you, ram said, while appealing to them not to allow their mind to be weakenedby distress.
replying to queries from the media on tuesday as to whether the governor had rejected the governments recommendation, chief minister ram in kolar said, i have not seen the letter sent by the governors office as i was in ballari to monitor drought relief work on monday.
pti file photoa day after data showed indias key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said demonetisation did not see a 2  dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended.
file picturenew delhi: union agriculture minister radha mohan singh on saturday termed the two-day-old farmer agitation a publicity stunt, prompting accusations of insensitivity and of insulting the farmers.
lucknow: chief minister yogiadityanath on monday announced that the uttar pradesh government would not impose any new tax on public in the ongoing financial year, despite financial burden of farmer loan waiver and plan to expedite other infrastructure projects.
annapurna singh, new delhi, dh news service may 2 2017, 14:20 ista day after data showed india's key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said demonetisation did not see a 2  dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended.
replying to a query on union agriculture minister radha mohan singhs statement that love affairs were the cause of farmer suicides, naidu said, i have gone through the statement.
(source: pti)despite the ongoing tension at the indo-pak border, the farmers in the states border-belt with pakistan would be allowed to harvest their produce at every cost, punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal said on sunday.
but he (hooda) did not do anything during his time and kept pretending to be a leader of the farmers, manoharlalkhattar said, adding his government has worked for the farmers during the last three-and-a-half years.
the cm also accused union minister harsimrat kaur badal of failing to protect punjabs and the farmers interests at the centre she did not raise her voice even though the bjp government at the centre failed to take any steps in the budget for the farming community, amarindersingh said, pointing out that the nda government had failed to implement the swaminathan report, which was the only way to help farmers boost their income and bring the agriculture sector out of the doldrums into which it had been plunged.
promising to clear the dues of sugarcane farmers within 14 days, yogiadityanath announced five-six new sugar mills will be opened in the state over the next six months.
the separate state is not for the rich, it was for the poor farmers and the students who were subjugated by andhra rulers, tjac chief prof ram said.
1: chief minister mamatabanerjee today said farmers in singur would get back their land within 12 weeks as ordered by the supreme court and added that the plots that would be handed back would be cultivable.
but you cannot forget the interests of other people of the country, rahul said during the roadshow, which is part of his 2,500-km kisan yatra in poll-bound uttar pradesh.
also read| we will make them search for chillums at yogi's house: akhilesh yadavthe governments of the congress, the samajwadi party (sp) and the bahujan samaj party (bsp) were not concerned with development, whereas prime minister narendra modi worked for women, the poor and farmers, yogiadityanath said.
urging people to shout his oft-repeated slogan against modi and raising farmers issue during the address, rahulgandhi claimed that the pm had duped farmers and looted people of india to give rs 30,000 crore to anil ambani.
finance minister arunjaitley this month said the government will spend a record amount on rural areas and farming to help double farmers income by 2022.
siddaramaiah said all dcs and sps had been directed to take action against moneylenders if they harass farmers for loan recovery.
b m mallikarjuna babu , assistant director of the horticulture department, said farmers should mix 2 ml of quinolphos to one litre of water, before sprinkling the mixture to the trees.
open for dialogue: chouhanmadhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on thursday said the state government was open for a dialogue with farmers to iron out the differences.
share this article related article at drought meet, pm modi says learn from shivajiat drought meet, pm modi says learn from shivaji karnataka cm siddaramaiah meets pm modi , seeks rs 12,272 cr to tackle drought situationkarnataka cm siddaramaiah meets pm modi , seeks rs 12,272 cr to tackle drought situation up seeks rs 11,000 cr to meet drought situation as akhilesh meets pm modiup seeks rs 11,000 cr to meet drought situation as akhilesh meets pm modi ipl 2016: sewage water to run the cash-rich leagueipl 2016: sewage water to run the cash-rich league maharashtra to raise loans to tackle droughtmaharashtra to raise loans to tackle drought flood-like situation in parts of gujarat, toll reaches 27elaborating on gujarats efforts at water conservation, recharge and creation of water bodies, the cm said that 1.
soil samples collected from different lands and test reports would be made available to farmers that would guide them for taking remedial measures to change crop pattern, fertilsiers and other measures, modi said and called young innovators to invent systems that would help the farmers test soil on their land.
k babu , deputy station manager, tuggali railway station, says, out of 400 to 500 passengers who leave this station every day, 200 to 300 are farmers and coolies migrating for work.
)seeking to woo the farmers, who are angry for not getting remunerative price for their produce, modi said the congress model of development was hand pumps while the bjp built pipelines so huge that congress leaders can drive their maruti cars through them.
congress chief rahulgandhi had said that giving farmers rs 17 a day was an insult to all that they stood for.
this (agriculture) is an area where india and the bank can fruitfully join hands, prime minister modi said while formally opening the 52nd african development bank's (afdb) annual event on tuesday.
in this year budget we have introduced a new scheme pm kishan sanman nidhi, under which an amount of rs 6000 will be deposited to the account of the farmers per year who have only five acres of cultivable land in order to support them, modi said and assured all possible support to the state.
on the allegations relating to the lynching of a dairy farmer in alwar in rajasthan and similar incidents, naidu said law and order was a state subject.
when asked when was he planning to reshuffle his council of ministers, siddaramaiah said he would do that after visiting drought-affected parts of karnataka.
siddaramaiah, however, said that he would try his best to incorporate some of the demands of the farmers in the budget this year.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)the shiv sena on saturday asked maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to apologise to farmers in the state, claiming he had deceived them with fake promises of loan waiver during the 2014 assembly polls.
addressing a public meeting at the navsari agricultural university campus,modi said,the youths of gujarat had started the agitation for the separation of gujarat from maharashtra in ahmedabad which gujarats congress leaders did not like.
speaking to reporters in bengaluru on thursday, ram said though the procurement centres have been opened since december 23, there has not been much response from the farmers as the minimum support price (msp) has been fixed at rs 1,100 per quintal, when compared to rs 1,300 per quintal, last season.
mr modi said that his government stand by farmers and jawans of the country and blamed congress government for always befooling them and never thinking about their welfare.
later, at a party event at which former vice-chancellor of the university of agricultural sciences, dr r dwarkeenath, was feted, ram said he and modi were poles apart.
in a statement, ram said the series of farmer suicides had deeply distressed and pained him.
mumbai: cm devendra fadnavis told toi on tuesday that two lakh additional farmers would be beneficiaries of the state governments move to take the cutoff date for the farm loan waiver back to 2001.
speaking to reporters after the congress legislature party meeting on friday morning, kpcc president g ram , who is yet to be relieved as home minister, said that all cases registered against farmers during protests, whether it was cauvery riots, mahadayi waters issue or protests by sugarcane growers seeking payment of their dues, would be withdrawn.
skeptical about up farm loan waiveron the uttar pradesh government waiving farm loans, benefiting 86 lakh farmers, siddaramaiah said he does not know if the centre had chipped in.
if the company is not purchasing more land in other villages, farmers cannot start an agitation and stop the project, said ram of ramgarh village.
bengaluru: , sep 12, 2015, dhns: 1:27 istkarnataka has sought an additional rs 800 crore from the centre under the national and state disaster response fundndrf and sdrfas the drought situation has worsened, said chief minister siddaramaiah on friday.
tamil nadu chief minister edappadik.palaniswami and deputy chief minister o panneerselvam said the dmk party despite being a part of the previous congress-led upa government in the centre betrayed farmers in the state.
taking a jibe at the prime minister over his frequent foreign tours, gandhi said that modi is always going on world tours, but he had not seen him standing even once with a farmer or an unemployed youth.
chief minister yogiadityanath on saturday announced an ex gratia of rs 4 lakh to families of the deceased and directed district magistrates to assess crop damage and identify farmers eligible for financial aid.
speaking at the opening ceremony for the ninth edition of the hugely-popular league, shukla said, the ipl and bcci are committed to the welfare of the farmers.
speaking on use of technology in agriculture, ram said, karnataka is in the forefront.
comparing the pm-kisan to the congress' minimum income guarantee scheme, nyay, gandhi said: on the other hand, the congress has announced that it will give rs 6,000 per month to the poor households (if voted to power).
a.c. jain , the deputy director of agriculture (information), said a total of 32 officials of the department and farmers and visitors donated blood at the camp.
by ptijaipur: rajasthan chief minister vasundhararaje today announced a rs 8,000-crore loan waiver for farmers, rs 650 crore tax relief and rs 44,135 crore expenditure on social and community schemes in the budget for 2018-19 presented in the assembly today.
earlier, mamatabanerjee had announced that land would be returned to farmers after the end of durga puja.
we have to mount pressure on the government to ensure justice to farmers, naidu told tdp lawmakers at a meeting at his residence.
though high yielding maize hybrids, coupled with increase in area under maize cultivation, holds great promise, the same is not viable for the farmers in the absence of assured procurement at msp, said captain amarindersingh , seeking financial support from the centre for farmers compelled to sell their maize produce at a price lower than the msp.
we dont want an india where only a handful get everything, fly in aeroplanes and travel in big cars and our farmers are turned into labourers, rahul said.
after all, thats what the opposition is for, said sher singh, a 78-year-old farmer from kullewal village.
(source: ani) mandsaur farmers protest: union minister naidu said that madhya pradesh is an island of calm, while urging congress to not politicise the issue.
protecting the interest of the farmers, their right to fair compensation, rehabilitation, resettlement and financial compensation has been refined, pranabmukherjee told the joint sitting of parliament on the opening day of the budget session.
congress did kursi-bhakti (power-worship) whereas we are engaged in krishi-bhakti (agriculture-worship), modi said at a farmers rally at limkheda,dahod district.
yavatmal reports the highest number of farmer suicides in the country.
congress chiefs charge that farmers did not get narmada waters irks cmtargeting congress chief sonia gandhi once again,chief minister narendramodi on friday said she had not done her homework and offered assistance in drafting her speeches.
by ptinagpur: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has announced that paddy farmers in the state will get a bonus of rs 500 per quintal for the crop.
amid the ongoing agitation of farmers in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis had recently announced the biggest-ever farm loan waiver in the state.
urging people to shout his oft-repeated slogan against modi and raising farmers issue during the address, gandhi claimed that the pm had duped farmers and looted people of india to give rs 30,000 crore to anil ambani.
uttar pradesh, telangana and andhra pradesh have announced loan waivers on their own and maharashtra will have to follow the same, naidu told reporters.
(file photo)union agriculture minister radhamohansingh said in lok sabha thursday that he would be happy if the new bjp government in uttar pradesh waived farm loans as promised by the party before the assembly elections.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday asked district officials in drought-hit parbhani district in the marathwada region to set up cattle camps and deploy more water tankers.
our government has brought the most comprehensive fasal bima yojana for the farmers, says modi.
karnataka was not releasing water for its own farmers, as the available storage has been reserved to meet the drinking water needs of bengaluru and other cities, ram told the team of 20 farmers associations from tamil nadu, led by former rajya sabha mp and the leader of dmks farmers wing, kp ramalingam.
i have also launched an initiative to double farmers incomes by 2022, modi said.
sources said it will not be practically possible to write off the entire loan amount, but siddaramaiah may announce a partial loan waiver, thus offering some relief to small and marginal farmers, reeling under severe drought.
pointing out that the rules, if implemented in their letter and spirit, would defeat the very purpose of certain sections of the prevention of cruelty to animals act, siddaramaiah said the rules pertaining to the constitution of animal market monitoring committees and animal market committees would disturb a well established structure, which was in accordance with the karnataka agricultural produce marketing (regulation) act.
chief minister siddaramaiah announced cloud seeding, in the backdrop of five consecutive droughts.
hinting at the rapport between prime minister narendra modi and fadnavis, pawar wondered how difficult it could be to extract funds from the centre for the farmers.
criticising the diesel price hike,chief minister modi on thursday said it would affect farmers the most.
)asked if he was not ruling out the possibility of a post-poll alliance with anyone if needed, akhileshyadav said: i still want to say that the farmers, women and the youth have supported the samajwadi party.
modi, during his lok sabha poll campaigns, had repeatedly announced that he would ensure adequate price to the farmers for their produce.
according to a note being circulated by the department of economic affairs within the government, modi has asked the officials to seek aiib fund particularly for pradhan mantri krishi sinchayee yojana (prime ministers agricultural irrigation scheme) or pmksy, rural housing programme and some projects in railway sector on priority.
union home minister rajnathsingh on friday asked indias voters to throw the bjp out of power if the government fails to double farmers income by 2022, a statement which came amid a violent agitation by agriculturists in madhya pradesh.
, ajitpawar had said in an insensitive comment at indapur near pune on saturday that set off a controversy in the state reeling under severe drought.
in his keynote address, c ram , president, indian society of agricultural economics and former vice-chancellor of agricultural university, coimbatore said the government could establish an agricultural marketing council, comprising both public and private stakeholders to monitor, investigate, analyse and advise market interventions.
responding to a starred question by congress mlc h m revanna in the legislative council, ram said that around 2,000 farmers had applied for subsidies for installing shade nets and polyhouses in their field.
zilla panchayat engineer ram said that the decision of farmers has not affected the desilting works.
we will fix the msp of crops incorporating 50  profit in farmers cost of production including seed, irrigation, manure, and labour, modi had said at a rally in pathankot on april 25, 2014.
though the ordinance is lapsing, 13 of its points, meant to provide direct financial benefit to farmers, are being brought under the rules effective from sunday so farmers do not face financial loss, said modi.
addressing a press conference in bengaluru, ram said prime minister narendra modi had recently spoken about doubling the income of farmers by 2022, but no measure to make it a reality was reflected in the budget.
playing the pro-poor and pro-farmers card, a plank bjp has assiduously tried to claim for some time, modi said the recent budget was all about them besides the middle class.
alleging that modi has not fulfilled any of the announcements made for farmers before coming to power at the centre three years back, ajaykumar said because of the governments neglect, as many as 35 farmers are taking their lives every day.
at the core of all my governments policies is the welfare of the garib, dalit, pidit, shoshit, vanchit, kisan, shramik and yuva, pranabmukherjee said in his address.
hitting out at rahul gandhi, smritiirani later told reporters that the congress vice president has been saying on land bill that he will not let anyone take an inch of farmers' land.
replying to a question on what he thought about fadnavis refusal to grant loan waiver to farmers at a meet the press programme organised by the nagpur union of working journalists, pawar said, i dont think a complete loan waiver is a good idea.
after inspecting the rain-hit areas, animal husbandry minister radhakrishnan said the department officials were instructed to provide enough fodder to the cattle and also conduct a survey on the death toll to assist the cattle farmers.
we have been told to launch a special drive to get those farmers who are in need to avail of the scheme.
modi said numerous measures and schemes have been initiated from making school toilets to setting up iits, iims and aiims, from providing vaccination cover to children to initiating a people-driven swacch bharat mission, from ensuring a minimum pension to labourers to providing social security to the common man, from enhancing support to farmers hit by natural calamities to defending their interests at wto.
stating that the government has already made representation to the centre for setting up a corpus fund for crop failure compensation, chief minister vijayrupani said that for the year 2019, the state government has purchased crop insurance for rs 12,000 crore sum insured.
the governments failure to ensure timely procurement of the farmers produce has aggravated their woes, said punjab congress president amarinder singh.
gandhi said his party had promised loan waiver for farmers during polls in punjab and karnataka and kept its word after coming to power in the two states.
28 crore in 2015-16 benefiting 2,00,947 farmers, babu said, adding that rs 415.
modi said without neem coating, urea was being pilfered to other uses, leaving farmers without availability of the fertiliser.
on the pro-farmer initiatives in the budget, modi claimed that for many years, initiatives had been taken for peasants but many of them never came under the ambit of these schemes.
modi said the new tunnel would not only help farmers in the region take their produce to the capital in less time and avoid weather disruptions, but would potentially double tourism in the state.
in his address to the joint session of parliament, pranabmukherjee said the government attaches paramount importance to safeguard the interest of farmers and families affected by land acquisition.
watch what else is making newswe are very disturbed because of the declining off-take from domestic manufacturers  regulatory overreach has created panic and strain on the fcv tobacco farmers in the country, faifa general secretary babu said in a statement.
praising the bharatiya janata party (bjp) government under raman singh in the state, modi said it had ensured soil health cards for 75 lakh farmers, adding in a sarcastic vein that the congress had failed to provide health cards to humans.
pm modi invokes chaudhary charan singh to woo farmers in jatland bijnorin a bid to woo the farming community, prime minister narendramodi said bjp will waive off loans of all small farmers once voted to power.
speaking at the programme, siddaramaiah said banks have been strictly told not to serve notices on farmers, demanding repayment of loans till the region receives a good spell of rains and yield.
we have taken opinion of scientific community and considered interest of farming community in allowing their use, he said.
prime minister modi too had said in his campaign speeches that writing off farm loans would be among the foremost tasks of the bjp government in uttar pradesh.
congmen to tour drought-hit areas on sept 3bangalore:, aug 27, 2012, dhns: 23:52 istcongress leaders will tour drought-hit regions in the state between september 3 and 10 to assess the situation, said karnataka pradesh congress committee (kpcc) president g ram on monday.
a bjp government in bihar will help us work seamlessly to create jobs for the youth, look after our farmers and ensure overall development, which is the antidote to every single problem, modi said, to rapturous applause.
we have given a package of roughly rs 5,000 crore to farmers, news agency pti quoted chief minister manoharlalkhattar said.
we are not going to take agricultural land tax from those outside the purview of land ceiling, mamatabanerjee told the rally in kharagpur.
continuing the attack on congress at another rally, raje said, gandhi says that we have not waived off loans of any farmer, but in reality we have done so for 30 lakh farmers for upto rs 50k.
virtually kicking off his party's campaign for the assembly elections due towards the end of the year, gandhi said if the congress comes to power in mp, those responsible for the death of the six farmers would face strict action within 10 days.
we have been working speedily in all sectors, whether it is the jal jeevan mission, respect and help for each and every farmer in the country, setting free our muslim women from the malaise of triple talaq, or laws for strengthening childrens security, said modi.
they expressed solidarity with protesting farmers of the state and also unfolded a roadmap for farmers debt waiver plan if congress comes to power.
asked about farm loan waiver, a key pre-poll promise of the punjab congress, amarindersingh said he was fully committed to implementing the same and would ensure that adequate funds are released for it.
for economic development of the contry, there should be three pillars  agriculture, industry and service sector, modi said.
modi said india is currently in a crucial phase of nation building and the government's mission is to build a prosperous india where farmers are capable, workers satisfied, women empowered and youth self-reliant.
the alternative source of livelihood such as dairy, fisheries or poultry farming is being worked region wise to ensure farmers can survive even if their crops fail.
by ptinew delhi: the leaders of all opposition parties stand united with farmers in ensuring their good future, congress president rahulgandhi said on friday and called for a farm loan waiver.
(mea twitter) during the talks, modi said india and vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration, renewable energy, agriculture and textiles.
pti photothe odisha govenrment will explore the proposal to waive agricultural loans of farmers in the state, chief minister naveenpatnaik said on wednesday.
challenging congress vice-president rahul gandhi to come clean on loan waiver to big business houses, naidu said non-performing assets worth lakhs of crores of rupees were waived off during upa rule.
making a suo moto statement today in lok sabha on the trade pact clinched at the wto meeting at geneva last night, commerce minister ram said besides accepting its concerns on public stockholding, the deal by the 160-member body allows india to continue with its policy to provide minimum support price to farmers.
recalling his visit to madhya pradesh more than a decade ago, yogiadityanath said it was a backward state that was the weakest in agriculture production and had bad roads.
in a bid to tackle drought effectively, the maharashtra government has planned to link its water conservation projects with environmental preservation.
terming it as his scheme aimed at increasing productivity, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said the farmers will be paid rs 200 bonus on every quintal they sold to the government in the last rabi season.
government ready to include ragi, jowar under pdsbangalore, july 10, 2013, dhns: 1:52 istthe state government is ready to include ragi and jowar under the public distribution system (pds) if farmers are willing to grow more of these crops and sell them to it, chief minister siddaramaiah said on wednesday.
ba naidu , a farmer from anandapuram said, we are forced to buy chicks at 40-47 per unit this year.
quota for farmers' children in agri varsitymysore, feb 24, 2014, dhns: 0:39 istchief minister siddaramaiah on monday announced that 40 per cent of seats in agricultural universities in the state will be reserved for farmers children.
he also fought for the unification of the state and worked for the welfare of the farming community, ram said.
taking note of the escalating violence, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced that he would observe an indefinite fast at the bhel dussehra maidan in bhopal from 11 am on saturday to bring farmer leaders to the table for peaceful negotiations.
at a workshop for party mps, modi asked them to flag the contrast between the pro-poor measures taken by the upa and his government, giving an overview of various initiatives and bold decisions taken by the bjp-led coalition for the welfare of the poor and farmers since it came to power at the centre last year.
also read | mann ki baat: here are the highlights from pm modis addresstalking about the floods that have hit some parts of the country, modi said, sometime back, we were concerned about drought but now we are enjoying the rains and there are reports about floods.
continuing with his attack on pm for making false promises, rahul asked, narendra modi ne dhai saal mein kamjor, yuva, kisan aur majdoor ke liye kya kiya (in the past two-and-a-half years, what has modi for the weaker section, youth, farmers or labourers)?
(source: express photo by rana simranjit singh)punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal on saturday said people need to understand that the state government does have its limitations when dealing with certain issues, particularly those related to farmers.
modi said girls were today doing well in sports, in education and health sectors, and contributed significantly even in agriculture.
farmers should have confidence as the government is with them, siddaramaiah said.
swaraj abhiyan copying our moveson being asked whether yogendra yadav-led swaraj abhiyan has stolen the march over aap by planning to file a petition in the supreme court regarding farmer suicide in the region, sucha singh said certain political parties were merely following their steps in order to address the suicide issue.
now, with the government extending its loan waiver scheme to all debt-ridden farmers who had taken loans between 2001 and 2016, around 60 to 67 lakh farmers are set to benefit.
modi said the budget had focussed on womens empowerment, the housing sector and agriculture.
hailing the farmers for record production, particularly production of pulses, modi said he wants to thank the farmers for keeping the poor in mind and adopting cultivation of various pulses, besides the traditional crops because pulses are the biggest source of protein for poor people.
rajasthan chief minister vasundhararaje in the budget for 2018-19 announced a one-time loan waiver of up to rs 50,000 for small and marginal farmers along with a budgetary provision of rs 2,000 crore.
launching pradhan mantri kisan maan dhan yojana, prime minister modi said that every farmer will get rs 3,000 per month after attaining the age of 60 and the scheme will ensure benefit to over 5 crore small and marginal farmers across the country.
as bjp members including venkaiah naidu,najma heptulla and ravi shankar prasad disagreed and were up on their feet demanding immediate discussion on the chopper deal and defence minister a k antonys response on it,shukla said a debate on farmers problems was slated for tomorrow on naidus demand and if he agreed to change it government can discuss the chopper deal tomorrow itself.
to send a message to farmers, who are in the habit of raising loans, ram said, barring my father, who had obtained loan once from a pld bank, nobody in our undivided family has availed loans.
about 33 lakh farmers have obtained farm loans worth rs 42,000cr from nationalised banks and 23 lakh farmers have drawn loans worth rs10,500cr through co-operative banks in the state, siddaramaiah said.
even as the increased provisions for infrastructure, railways, roads, ports and agriculture to double the farmers income in the last five years is praiseworthy, ram said yet the expectations of corporate sector, industry and trading bodies were not fully met.
after finance minister sudhir muntangiwar presented the budget, chief minister devendrafadnavis told mediapersons, the budget reiterates governments commitment to accord highest priority to welfare schemes for upliftment of farmers, poverty alleviation and generating employment for youths.
also read: kisan rally highlights | pm failed to fulfil promises, say gandhi , arvind kejriwalkejriwal in his address at the venue, claimed that the centre had filed an affidavit in the supreme court saying it would not implement the m s swaminathan commission report.
ejaz kaiser byexpress news serviceraipur: congress president gandhi , in a scathing attack on the bharatiya janata party (bjp) government at the centre and in chhattisgarh, said the saffron party encourages a few industrialists but ignores the concerns of the poor, the farmers, the labourers and the youngsters.
the centres new notification imposing restrictions on cattle trade will cause an enormous financial burden on farmers, thereby further contributing to the agrarian crisis, karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah has said in a letter to prime minister narendra modi.
following this, devendra fadnavis has asked the finance secretary of the state to study the up model on the basis of which loan waiver was declared.
chief minister ram said: while the kvks have effectively implemented our policies, more capacity building for farmers needs to be done.
niti aayog vice-chairman nagar niti aayog vice-chairman arvind panagariyaniti aayog vice-chairman nagar today said there is a need to formulate proper policies to ensure farmers get better prices for produce and asserted that there is no question of taxing their income.
latur district in marathwada, which is amongst the worst-hit this drought, has ensured that the government sends across at least 70 lakh litres of water through trains.
later in the day, punjab chief minister park said payment to farmers for their harvest would flow electronically from tuesday, and rs 4,000 crore would be disbursed with 24 hours.
reacting to union minister d v sadananda gowdas statement that the chief minister had been making politically motivated statements with regard to drought relief funds, siddaramaiah said it was gowda who was lying and trying to gain political mileage out of the issue.
this apathy is hitting farmers hard, said tiwari.
speaking after laying the foundation stone for the helicopter manufacturing facility of the hindustan aeronautics limited at bidarehalla kaval in gubbi taluk of tumakuru district on sunday, modi said that the country had achieved self-sufficiency in food production due to hard work of farmers and it was now time to become self sufficient in meeting defence needs.
seeking deeper economic engagement, modi said indias capacities in trade, investments, information and communication technology, space, agriculture, health care, small and medium scale industry can bring wide spread economic benefit to the sco countries.
today, i want to thank farmers of gujarat for accepting my vision of conserving water through sprinklers, drip irrigation and micro irrigation tools, which significantly brought up ground water levels, said modi.
sanjeev kumar vermasushil kumar modipatna: deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi on monday said weeding out middlemen from government schemes, ending dependence on kerosene lamps and enhancing farmers' income would be the three main achievements of the government in 2018.
prime minster narendramodi has said that the government was taking steps to double farmers income by 2022, and let me say that if we fail to do so then you can kick the bjp out of power, he added.
i live for the farmers, modi said as he appealed to the agriculture community to make ample use of the crop insurance scheme as it will help them during the time of crisis.
a sincere attempt will be made to provide water to standing crops of our farmers, ram said.
to ensure farmers get credit at lower rate, the chief minister said that the government should raise the subsidy from 2 per cent to 3 per cent on crop loans for cooperatives.
(source: ani) mandsaur farmers protest: union minister m.venkaiahnaidu said that madhya pradesh is an island of calm, while urging congress to not politicise the issue.
his observation is in contrast with its alliance partner congress demand for a complete loan waiver.
we have procured crops of rs 8,900 crore at the minimum support price (msp) and will disburse rs 80,000 crore worth interest-free crop loans to the farmer by the end of this year, which will be highest in the country, she said.
1:50 pm: meanwhile, uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath has said that welfare of farmers is the welfare of the country.
new delhi, june 11: prime minister narendramodi today said improving agriculture productivity through modern farm techniques and university-farmer collaboration held the key to check price rise.
nagaon deputy commissioner babu said the initial drought-like situation pushed the administration to move dispur for timely initiative to safeguard the interest farmers and the government pledged to do so.
punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh on saturday dismissed allegations levelled by shiromani akali dal (sad) president sukhbir singh badal that he was trying to pass the buck on farm loan waivercapt.
market watchers claim many farmers had stopped repaying loans soon after aicc president gandhi announced plans to waive farm loans up to rs 2 lakh in 10 days after coming to power in madhya pradesh.
eligible farmers from jalandhar, kapurthala, ludhiana, fazilka and ferozepur districts were given the certificates.
contrary to what the badals are trying to project with their misleading propaganda, the fact is that capt amarindersingh has categorically said the debts of farmers in punjab will be waived off once he comes to power, the ppcc leaders said.
a field survey would be conducted within four weeks, following which the physical possession of the land would be handed over to the farmers, mamatabanerjee said.
at a time when people are distressed due to the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes by the union government, siddaramaiah has announced a series of programmes for the development of backward classes and has also announced schemes for the agricultural sector.
the opposition party also said that even prime minister modi had claimed that the villages had become 'drought free'.
modi said that the two sides will encourage industry and businesses in both countries to take lead in exploiting opportunities in healthcare, tourism, information technology, agriculture, blue economy and energy.
we will not retract a single inch, we will not let them sleep at night till farmer loans are waived, gandhi said.
speaking at a rally after participating in a padayatra with rahul from maidur to gudagur in ranebennur taluk on saturday, chief minister siddaramaiah said the compensation to families of farmers who have committed suicide will be increased from rs 2 lakh to rs 5 lakh.
siddaramaiah said: the father and the sons shed more tears as the elections approach, claiming to sympathise with the farmers and the poor.
pointing out that the rules, if implemented in their letter and spirit, would defeat the very purpose of certain sections of the prevention of cruelty to animals act, ram said the rules pertaining to the constitution of animal market monitoring committees and animal market committees would disturb a well established structure, which was in accordance with the karnataka agricultural produce marketing (regulation) act.
(file photo)making yet another pro-farmer announcement in election year, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on sunday said a board on the lines of apeda (agricultural and processed food products export development authority) will be set up in madhya pradesh to help farmers export and get remunerative price for their produce.
chief minister devendra fadnavis on friday said an integrated scheme to ensure economic sustenance for small and marginal farmers was being worked out to put an end to farmer suicides in maharashtra.
a beaming mr. rajender, immediately after presenting his fifth budget to the state assembly on thursday, told a media conference that the budget was focussed on finer aspects of farming with the closure of loan waiver for farmers amounting to rs. 17,000 crore last year.
rahul gandhi in congress president gandhi addresses an election campaign rally for lok sabha polls, in samastipur, (pti)congress president gandhi on tuesday said no farmer in the country will be jailed for not repaying loans if his party comes to power at the centre.
speaking at an interactive session with the members of merchants chamber of commerce and industry in kolkata on thursday, smritiirani said, nsc will supply these certified seeds to the jute farmers in the state through different central and state government agencies.
in response to the bjp leaders demand for the release of a white paper on the funds released by the union government, over the past 13 years  10 years of congress-led upa and three years of the bjp-led nda governments  for tackling the natural calamities like flood and drought, ram said, let them first take steps to release the pending rs 3,300 crore, as per our demand.
ahead of the assembly elections due next month, chief minister manoharlalkhattar on monday announced waiving interest and penalty on crop loans of farmers from cooperative banks  to the tune of rs 4,750 crore  under the one-time settlement scheme.
kishore tiwari, activist who heads the commission for farmers in distressed districts, said, the biggest relief to farmers during the drought is assured food and health care.
modi announces 50 pc increase in compensation for distressed farmersnew delhi, april 09, 2015, dhns: 2:28 istin a reprieve to farmers whose crops have been hit by recent unseasonal rain, prime minister modi on wednesday announced a 50 per cent increase in compensation and also eased criterion for providing financial relief.
the cm demanded radha mohan singhs resignation saying that he did not connect with the farmers woes.
if rains continue for the next few hours, our fields will be submerged completely, said r naidu , a farmer from ln peta mandal.
26pm: modi says bjp promises greater prosperity for farmers, better education, skill development, better opportunities for youth, more industrial development, a positive eco-system for industrial growth, end to politics of dividing society and a safer state for women.
confirming the date of the meeting, chief secretary nagar also said that other proposals besides the loan waiver will be finalised on monday.
these interest-free loans were extended by banks to sugar mills as additional working capital specifically for clearance of cane price arrears of previous seasons and timely settlement of cane price to farmers for that years sugar season.
taking a dig at farm loan waiver schemes in rajasthan and mp where congress had won in recent state elections, pm modi said these agri schemes had fallen flat.
our pro-poor schemes such as cheaper foodgrain to poor people, free milk supply to students, interest-free loans to farmers and welfare schemes to other sections of society are benefiting the people across the state, siddaramaiah said.
prime minister modi had recently said the new uttar pradesh government would take a decision on a loan waiver scheme for farmers of the state.
siddaramaiah said that the saffron party leaders, such as shivamogga mp b s yeddyurappa, union ministers d v sadananda gowda and h n ananth kumar, and state bjp president pralhad joshi, who were part of the all-party delegation from the state that met prime minister narendra modi in new delhi on august 24, did not utter a word before the prime minister in the interest of farmers.
bhopal: chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on saturday announced major sops for farmers, including an export agency to help them sell their produce outside the country and bonus of rs 100 per quintal for gram, lentil and mustard in addition to msp .
no cabinet rejig before drought review: cmmysuru: april 23, 2016, dhns: 1:43 istchief minister ram has said that the cabinet would be reshuffled only after the review of drought situation in the state.
regulatory overreach has created panic and strain on the fcv tobacco farmers in the country, faifa general secretary babu said in a statement.
finance minister arunjaitley may announce several measures to revamp farm infrastructure and support farmers as the national democratic alliance government seeks to win over this politically important section of society before crucial state elections next month, a top official familiar with the matter said.
beyond that as the central government, i have nothing to say, arunjaitley told reporters when asked if the centre will help states on the issue of farm loan waivers.
siddaramaiah had announced that the government was allowing farmers to produce neera in the 2013-14 budget itself.
challenging congress vice-president rahul gandhi to come clean on loan waiver to big business houses, ram said non-performing assets worth lakhs of crores of rupees were waived off during upa rule.
in modis home state of gujarat  a state with one of the highest rain deficits in the largely normal monsoon of 2016, as indiaspend reported in october 2016  a fourth of farmers have benefitted from the flagship crop-insurance scheme, not 60-70  as modi claimed.
modi claimed the government had made tall promises to farmers, but was now offering only lollipops.
gandhi said while farmers in the mandis are crying, the haryana agriculture minister is saying farmers committing suicide are cowards, he said amid cries of shame, shame from the opposition.
speaking in the state legislative assembly, chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government was open to talks with the farmers body, and that it was willing to consider all the demands put forth by farmers and tribals.
also read | punish congress for treachery against farmers, honest taxpayers, says pmsix crore women belonging to all sections and categories were provided with lpg connections under the centre's ujjwala scheme in the last 32 months, modi said, adding, all the welfare schemes are being implemented in a balanced way to benefit all.
highlighting pradhan mantri kisan bima yojna, smritiirani said the centre has approved kisan vigyan kendra in amethi and if the state government provided land, it would be started soon.
open to changes in land bill that benefit poor: pmnew delhi: may 28, 2015, dhns 2:14 istparties should keep aside political motives: modiamendments in the land acquisition bill in the interest of farmers, poor, village and nation will be accepted, prime minister modi said on wednesday asserting that along with gst bill the measure will be passed by parliament in a matter of time.
chandigarh: trashing the union as a jumla , punjab chief minister amarindersingh on friday said it was a hogwash, which had nothing for farmers and youths but would burden the common man.
bhachau: prime minister modi today said the next generation should be taught to use water judiciously and advised farmers to use drip and sprinkler irrigation systems.
modi said that several measures have been taken for the farmers and poor and counted that the poor are getting better treatment under the aayushman bharat scheme and getting medicines at cheap rates.
environment minister ram said, if the centre can promise loan waiver for farmers in uttar pradesh if voted to power, why cant they do the same in maharashtra.
addressing the media at the mp border, gandhi said, pm modi doesnt waive off farmer loans, doesnt give them benefits, only gives them bullets.
when contacted, dr ram said that there was no clear reference to the lands in question in records and they had been converted for non-agricultural purposes only after verification of documents.
gorakhpur: chief minister yogiadityanath said on sunday that previous state governments ignored the development of gorakhpur and added that the farmers, too, were affected due to neglect of sugar mills in the region.
when asked if the state government would convene a special session to discuss the drought situation, ram said the subject was discussed at length during the earlier legislature session.
india has always been called an agrarian country but this is the first time that people have realised that with the budget being dedicated to farm sector, union minister mukhtarabbasnaqvi told reporters.
also read: kisan rally highlights | pm failed to fulfil promises, say rahulgandhi , arvind kejriwalkejriwal in his address at the venue, claimed that the centre had filed an affidavit in the supreme court saying it would not implement the m s swaminathan commission report.
sharing india's experiences in meeting common challenges such as uplifting farmers and the poor, financial access and building infrastructure, modi said paying subsidies directly had helped his government save over $4 billion dollars in cooking gas.
the government should give rs 5 lakh cash to the family of a farmer who commits suicide, a job offer, besides waving the debts, said jagmohan singh, state secretary of the bharatiya kisan union, punjab.
the difference is extremely glaring in perishable commodities like vegetables, babu said in his address at the 46th convocation of the university of agricultural sciences (uas) here on friday.
however, siddaramaiah earlier told representatives of various farmers organisations that the online system had been working effectively and helped lakhs of farmers get judicious price for their produce at apmcs.
we told farmers what we could do in five years and we did it, ram said and sat back, while the chief minister was found laughing at the reaction of the former.
legislators taking part in a discussion on the drought situation of the state in belagavi on wednesday | rajesh sadarebelagavi: chief minister siddaramaiah has asked the district ministers to visit villages and ensure drought relief works are carried out expeditiously.
he was tired as the government is not listening to us, ram , one of the farmers, told ians.
without mentioning the modi's speech at kushinagar, where he also criticised the sp government for not implementing centre's farmer welfare schemes, akhileshyadav said the modi government has failed to fulfill its promises for agra.
stating that he was himself a son of a farmer, siddaramaiah said his government would make farmer welfare its priority.
referring to his visit last week to madhya pradesh when he was not allowed to enter the state to meet the families of farmers who died in police firing, gandhi said, when i asked the policemen under what law they were stopping me from entering the state, they told me there was no law but they were only carrying out orders.
last time,chief minister mamatabanerjee said she will not acquire land and that we could if the farmers were willing to sell.
with the number of farmers dwindling, time has come that experts in the field introspect and find reasons why the situation has come to such a passe, ram said in his presidential address at the inauguration of a two-day national agriculture conclave (nac) at a city hotel.
(file photo)the congress government had failed to deliver on its promise to waive farm loans, sad president sukhbirsinghbadal said monday.
prime minister modi said he would lessen the suffering of farmers.
when ram said his traditional occupation was agriculture, the enumerator entered the code 4 against the column following a prompt by his colleague.
according to the punjab police, farmers allegedly forced the closure of vegetable mandi in ferozpur and in bathinda, farmers owing allegiance to bhartiya kisan union stopped some vehicles carrying milk.
i am very happy that the mp government is working on afforestation, pm modi said while promising that the government is committed towards doubling the income of farmers in 2022.
(source: pti photo) the animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders, arunjaitley said, adding that this is the only effect of the notification.
the enhanced fund limit by nabard for district central cooperative banks will be passed on to the primary agricultural cooperative societies and they will get activated and will meet the crop loan requirement of the farmers for rabi season, said das.
modi announces 50 pc increase in compensation for distressed farmersnew delhi, april 09, 2015, dhns: 2:28 istin a reprieve to farmers whose crops have been hit by recent unseasonal rain, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday announced a 50 per cent increase in compensation and also eased criterion for providing financial relief.
he (badal ) is the living legend who stood up and fought for the interests of farmers throughout his life, modi said.
asserting that the interests of farmers will be protected, ajitpawar , who also holds finance portfolio, said, the state government will do nothing that will adversely affect farmers in maharashtra.
no cabinet rejig before drought review: cmmysuru: april 23, 2016, dhns: 1:43 istchief minister siddaramaiah has said that the cabinet would be reshuffled only after the review of drought situation in the state.
over and above msp, we have decided to give a bonus of rs 425 per quintal for pulses and rs 100-200 per quintal for oilseeds, agriculture minister radhamohansingh told reporters after the cabinet meeting.
(file)congress president rahul gandhi today said prime minister narendra modi's grand msp increase for farmers is like applying band-aid to a massive haemorrhage.
targeting the samajwadi party-congress alliance, modi said that till a few months back the congress was taking out rallies across uttar pradesh and accusing the ruling samajwadi party of corruption and neglecting farmers, but the two have now embraced each other.
last week, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the marathwada region will be made drought-free in the next few years.
addressing a rally in up's ghazipur on saturday, modi had said loan waivers were a lollipop and accused congress of cheating farmers through doles that benefited only 800 farmers.
however, as many as 14 farmers of the village ended their lives because of crop failures and debts.
naidu, in response, said the agriculture sector achieved 11 per cent growth rate during his government.
accusing the previous congress regimes of gujarat of creating polity of the love of chair,chief minister narendramodi today said unlike them,his government was working for farmers welfare.
we have been with the farmers and we were asking for it, environment minister ram said.
additional district magistrate ajaykumar said, we have already written to the insurance company to disburse the actual crop insurance money to the farmers.
noting that the symbolic sops he had announced for farmers in his new year eve address to the nation were not enough to rescue the farming community from the crisis into which they had been plunged due to note ban, amarinder said modi had failed to announce debt waiver even though the congress had recently submitted to him more than one crore forms from punjab and uttar pradesh farmers seeking relaxation.
the price started reducing drastically from the first week of december and it has come down to rs 100, said k ram , a farmer in sathyamangalam.
suicide not a solutioncommenting on the recent string of farmer suicides in the state, ram said that suicide is not a solution.
on may 30, kumaraswamy said he needed 15 days to come out with a plan to implement a loan waiver.
gandhi said no one could silence the voice of farmers.
they used farmers, while we work for farmers, modi said, adding that the government of those people used loan waivers as a tool to win polls.
reap crop insurance benefit: pm modibelagavi: feb 28, 2016, dhns: 1:43 istthe centre will not hesitate to spend for the welfare of farmers, said prime minister narendramodi , as he set out to explain details of the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana at a farmers convention in belagavi on saturday.
i know it is a difficult task, but i have taken it as a challenge because we cant keep on watching our farmers kill themselves without doing anything, amarindersingh said, adding, it is a tragedy that those who fed the whole nation are being left to die in debt and we need to do something.
however, a complete loan waiver in maharashtra would require rs 24,000 crore, sources indicated.
in a flip-flop on the proposed karnataka bandh, n. ravi kumar, general secretary, bjp, on sunday, called on farmers and the public to observe a bandh voluntarily on monday.
but nda will have to meet first (to take a decision), sad veteran and punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal told reporters here after a meeting with agriculture minister sharad pawar.
new delhi, feb 7,2012, dhns: 21:46 istslow progress in manufacturing and agriculture is the reasona concerned finance minister pranabmukherjee said the trend is disappointing and more focus is needed on reaching higher growth trajectory and keeping inflation at a moderate level.
on the pm-kisan scheme, under which rs 6,000 per annum are transferred to the accounts of farmers who have less than five acres of land, modi said after the lok sabha polls, the five-acre condition would be removed, and more cultivators would be covered.
modi said after the poll results on march 11 bjp would celebrate vijayi holi and then after forming the government in the first cabinet meet it would waive off the loans of the farmers.
on tuesday, chief minister siddaramaiah had said he had not seen the file sent by the governors office as he was in ballari to monitor drought relief work.
if demonetisation is beneficial for the common man, then why are the shopkeepers, farmers and labourers suffering so much, mamatabanerjee asked the crowd present at the meeting.
briefing reporters after holding a meeting to review the drought and flood situation in the state, ram said the food grain target for the 2014-15 was 135 lakh tonnes, but the actual production could be somewhere around 125 lakh tonnes.
deputy commissioner n ram told reporters on thursday that government had released rs 52 crore for the district to provide compensation for the farmers in gokak, raibag, athani and ramdurg taluks who had suffered losses due to the hailstorms.
on a day's visit to the purvanchal region, his second trip to uttar pradesh this month, modi claimed that the jd(s)-congress coalition government, which came to power in karnataka recently, had waived only 800 farm loans.
modi told the lok sabha that the problems of the farmers were old, widespread and deep-rooted.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday announced that the state cabinet would give one more chance to farmers who could not submit their loan waiver application.
the prices of the cattle have also shot up, said nagar , a farmer from devanahalli taluk.
ragi, jowar may come under pdsthe state is ready to include ragi and jowar under the public distribution system (pds) if farmers grow more of these crops and sell them to it, said chief minister ram on wednesday after launching the anna bhagya yojane, dhns reports from bangalore.
the congress will install a people's government in the state which will empower farmers, small and medium businesses and provide employment to the youth, gandhi said.
the farmers main demand was rights over forest land, and fadnavis told them the issue would be resolved within six months.
karnataka to clear rs 923 crore arrears to sugar cane farmersbelagavi, june 30, 2015, dhns: 2:13 istchief minister ram on tuesday announced that the state government would further absorb the dues to be paid by sugar factories to farmers for 2013-14 by releasing rs 923 crore in two installments.
samajwadi party (sp) spokesman gandhi said the bjp government has misplaced priorities and predicted that farmers' anger would cost them dear in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
kumar uttam (@meetuttam) may 26, 20173:56pm: i want to assure people of india that the kashmir situation will soon be brought under control, says amit shah3:53pm: modi govt has met peoples aspirations, says amit shah3:51pm: ease of doing business improved, fdi inflow grew, says amit shah3:50pm: india has grown as an economic leader, says shah3:48pm: bjp president amit shah speaks to media on 3 years of modi govt2:37pm: ne of northeast would mean new economy, new energy, new empowerment, new engine, says pm modi2:32pm: pm modi launches sampada yojana- scheme for agro marine processing and development of agro processing clusters2:29pm: in new india, we have to move towards ever green revolution, says pm modi2:27pm: if northeast starts working in this (organic farming) direction, india can become one of the biggest centres of organic farming, says pm modi2:26pm: in northeast, the likelihood of organic farming is very high: pm2:24pm: we laid emphasis on pradhan mantri krishi sinchai yojana, says pm modi2:19pm: we cant bring change in the country through tokenism, says pm modi at his dhemaji rally2:17pm: our dream is to double farmers income by 2022, the year when india completes 75 years of independence: pm modi2:15pm: we want to bring modernisation in agriculture, says pm modi2:12pm: pm modi is addressing another rally in assams dhemaji12:19pm: pm renames dhola sadiya bridge as bhupen hazarika bridge12:18pm: within the first year of bjp rule in assam, the state is getting rid of many of its problems, says pm modi12:14pm: the bridge will save time, says pm12:12pm: the bridge will be a link in the development of two states- arunachal pradesh and assam: pm12:10pm: prime minister modi says the bridge will bring an economic revolution12:08pm: this bridge will open new avenues for the farmers, says pm modi in assam12:04pm: it is a proud moment for the country that indias longest bridge has been constructed in assam, says pm modi12:00pm: pm modi is addressing a rally in dhola, assam11:50am: congress leader kamal nath said bjp spending rs 2000 cr on celebration,3 years of modi govt can be summed up as bhashan aur aashwaasan, yeh hai mera shaasanfuturistic infrastructure that will power india's growth.
while 20 farmers had committed suicide during the previous ldf governments term, the udf tenure was largely free of farmer suicides, ram said.
heres a look:change in fiscal yearin his opening remarks, modi said that in a country like india where agricultural income is exceedingly important, budgets should be prepared immediately after the receipt of agricultural incomes for the year.
with farmers ending lives in the parched saurashtra region in an election year,chief minister narendramodi on tuesday announced an ambitious rs 10,000-crore irrigation project,to be called saurashtra narmada avtaran irrigation yojana (sauni),which aims to fill all 115 dams in the region with narmada water by interlinking a total of 87 rivers.
to boost bamboo cultivation and sustainable supply, the forest development corporation of maharashtra (fdcm) is also planning to take up tissue culture bamboo plantation on turnkey or sharing basis with private partners for supplying biomass of bamboo for industrial uses like production of ethanol, bio cng etcwe are even ready to help as service providers to interested farmers and parties with minimum 25 acres of commercial plantation project, said n ram , managing director of fdcm.
delay in getting appointment with modi upsets siddaramaiahbengaluru, august 14, 2015, dhns: 1:19 istcm had sought time to discuss kalasa-banduri project, droughtchief minister ram on thursday said he was disappointed that the appointment he had sought with prime minister narendra modi to discuss various issues, including implementation of the kalasa-banduri project and drought condition prevailing in the state, had received no response.
at a time when people are distressed due to the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes by the union government, ram has announced a series of programmes for the development of backward classes and has also announced schemes for the agricultural sector.
urging people to shout his oft-repeated slogan against modi and raising farmers issue during the address, rahulgandhi claimed that the pm had duped farmers and looted the people of india to give `30,000 crore to anil ambani.
it's not possible to release tamil nadu's share as per the award as our (karnataka's) farmers very much need water during this four-month period, ram said in the assembly, briefing the members on the deliberations.
so far, an amount of rs. 999.67 crore had been disbursed as relief to about 2.02 lakh farmers, he added.
it opens new avenues for cooperation, including in areas like agriculture and healthcare, modi said in a joint press interaction with sirisena.
parkash singh badal said that the current provisions of the act were archaic and needed immediate amendments in the larger interests of the farmers.
in its state budget on july 5, janata dal (secular)-congress coalition government had announced a loan waiver of rs 34,000 crore, which jumped to rs 40,000 crore after the state last week decided to waive all crop loans of rs 1 lakh in cooperative banks availed till july 10, 2018.
once again, i am saying that our government won't let anyone play with the lives of people, won't tolerate anarchy, and exploitation of the poor, businessmen and farmers, yogiadityanath said.
i share the pain, modi said about the suicide committed by a farmer from rajasthan at a rally organised by aam aadmi party here.
opposing the land bill, congress vice president rahulgandhi has said that the party would not allow an inch of land to be acquired from farmers and made it clear that they are not in favour of the bill.
agri credit raised to record rs 10 lakh cr in fy18new delhi, feb 1, 2017, (pti) 12:19 istin a major thrust to agriculture, finance minister arunjaitley today announced a whopping rs 1 lakh crore hike in the credit target for the next fiscal to rs 10 lakh crore as part of the government's efforts to double farm incomes in the next five years.
during a meeting with party leaders at the party office in guntur on monday, babu said the inefficiency on part of the state government in handling farmer issues led to tillers protest against the government.
the statement of the agriculture minister that preparation of seeds is not as easy as preparing upma and idli stands testimony for the governments lack of sincerity towards the farmers, naidu said adding that the propaganda on polavaram works and cancellation of the projects taken up during the tdp regime were a loss to the farming community.
25pm: the government waives loans of the top 50 rich men of the country but not of the farmers, gandhi said before leaving for udaipur.
whatever legal action would be taken against the offending company would take its own course but we feel the farmers should not lose out in the meantime, mamatabanerjee said.
ncps sharad pawar asked the centre to chip in with more help and waive short-term loans, particularly crop loan and the interest on loans for purchase of agriculture equipment.
terming his government as pro-farmer and pro-poor, modi said: we are a committed government.
hailing farmers, modi said lakhs of them from across india came together, gave their tools, parts of their land in order to build the statue.
while claiming that total investments in agriculture sector would in his tenure of five years (2014-2019) would surpass the past records of 50 years, fadnavis said, rs 34,000 crore loan waiver to 89 lakh farmers would reach the truly deserving and genuine individuals.
at the states annual kharif review meeting held on friday, chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the government would prioritise agriculture, water conservation and finance and was planning to consolidate the agriculture (and allied sector) growth from 12.
when the members pressed for waiving of farm loans, siddaramaiah said farmers have availed rs 10,000 crore from co-operative banks and rs 35,000 crore from commercial banks.
meanwhile, in an effort to cool tempers, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced more sops for the farmers.
talking to journalists after being stopped, gandhi said, the narendra modi government and the shivraj singh chouhan government are both anti-farmer.
speaking about the enormous hike in price of fertilisers, sushmaswaraj told the large number of farmers present in the rally that the bjp was always opposed to foreign direct investment for the interest of small traders in the country.
maharashtrathe government will strive to ensure that rehabilitation of flood-affected people is done in record time, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, adding that efforts will be made to make the state drought-free by diverting rain water from konkan region to north maharashtra and marathwada as well as water from wainganga river to vidarbha by constructing a tunnel.
siddaramaiah said he has already instructed the district in-charge ministers and legislators to visit the farmers' families.
in a bid to ensure that all farmers get the minimum support price, arunjaitley said the states would be encouraged to take up decentralised procurement, undertaking online procurement of food grains through the food corporation of india and making arrangements for procurement of pulses, an area that has been in the domain of private traders so far.
fee waiver for farmers' kids in drought-hit areasdharwad, sep 22, 2013, dhns: 13:44 istchief minister siddaramaiah on sunday announced that the state government would bear the educational fees of children of farmers of drought-affected areas in the state.
the animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders, arunjaitley said, adding that this is the only effect of the notification.
criticising congress poll promise of farm loan waiver as a trick to deceive the people, modi said such schemes had failed to help farmers in the long run.
ap announces debt cut for farmershyderabad, dec 4, 2014, dhns: 1:08 istbenefiting 22,79,000 families of andhra pradesh, chief minister nara naidu announced waiver of loan not exceeding rs 50,000 taken by farmers from banks between 2007-2013.
bengaluru: anti-land grabbing action committee convener a t ram said action will be taken against land grabbers who have converted black money by buying agricultural land.
b'during the talks, modi said india and vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration, renewable energy, agriculture and textiles.
no doubt, there was a wave for modi in 2014, but farmers are disenchanted with him now, said sugar cane grower uday vir singh, 53, plonking down on a wicker chair and smoking his hookah.
waive loans of farmers also, rahul said in gorakhpur.
this would be in addition to the rs 25,000 crore promised by the state government to mobilise resources through agriculture tax to invest in the farm sector.
punjab chief minister amarindersingh on saturday said he is committed to farm loan waiver and his government would soon find ways and means to bail out the debt-ridden farmers-- with or without the centres aid.
now as we have started the waiver despite odds against us we will continue providing assistance and will reach out to all 10.25 lakh small and marginal farmers out of total 17.50 farming families in punjab.
people from far and wide will land here to study agriculture adding to the prosperity and urbanisation of the region, nitishkumar said.
naidu also said that all the farm and gold loans taken by farmers will be waived by the government by january 22.
we are committed to welfare of farmers.
there has been no contribution from the centre to the congress-led government's rs 8,500 crore contribution in farm loan waivers, gandhi said on twitter.
prime minister modi had announced the pm crop insurance scheme, the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana, in 2015.
interacting with the iit students, amarindersingh said he has directed the state administration to make their boarding and lodging arrangements at the punjab bhawan and kisan bhawan in chandigarh till the time institute is closed.
the farmers are suffering as a result of the central governments failure to waive their debts, which many state governments, including punjab , have repeatedly sought, he said.
on crop loss, siddaramaiah said, the state has suffered a crop loss of rs 7,000 crore in rabi season.
speaking to reporters after holding a video-conference to review the drought relief work with deputy commissioners and chief executive officers of zilla panchayats of 12 districts of north karnataka, siddaramaiah said the initial response from maharashtra had been positive.
mentioning the government programmes, modi said the crop insurance under the prime ministers fasal bima yojana has recorded a seven-fold jump in just one year of its launch.
mandsaur farmers protest: union minister naidu said that madhya pradesh is an island of calm, while urging congress to not politicise the issue.
elder brother ram says farming has become a loss-making proposition because farmers are unable to recover even input costs.
us sey unka bhi fayeda hoga (it is a political advice for arun jaitley for his own good), rahul said adding that such a budget would help farmers knows how much government has set aside for flood, drought, or to assist him with grains, vegetables.
indian prime minister modi announced a 0 million line of credit to kenya for agricultural mechanisation.
the makers of our constitution laid such strong foundation of indian democracy that today people holding constitutional posts are those who represent poor and marginalised and do not come from rich background, said modi , referring to naidu who is a farmers son.
prime minister narendramodi who held series of meeting with chief ministers of several states on drought and crop loss issue recently, also said the government will come out with a scheme to address the perennial drought-prone areas.
taking dig at the functioning of congress governments,modi said when five chickens were loaned to farmers,their meat was eaten by the officials.
farmers' income should double in six years: modibhubaneswar, feb 22, 2016, dhns: 0:42 istthe nda government at the centre wants to double the income of the farmers in the next six years and steps are being taken to see the target is achieved, prime minister modi said on sunday.
the ministers have been told to tour all talukas and find out whether the steps taken and government schemes being implemented were reaching the farmers and whether the villagers had any grievances to make, he said.
modi said the congress, which ruled the country for decades, with one family in power for most part, neglected the poor and farmers.
yesterday, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had said the government will announce a loan waiver before october 31 and about 1.
defending the style of functioning of the state government, ram said it was striving in an effective manner to tackle drought.
addressing local farmers, modi said that when he became the pm, sugarcane farmers were to be paid rs 14,000 crore.
budget is close to dreams of people: pmnew delhi, feb 29, 2016 (pti) 19:05 istterming the budget as one close to dreams of the people, prime minister narendramodi today said its biggest focus is on villages, poor people, farmers, women and youth to ensure a qualitative change in their lives and alleviate poverty through a slew of time-bound programmes.
ahead of the summit, prime minister modi has said that india's areas of focus in africa will continue to be human resource development, institution building, infrastructure, clean energy, agriculture, health, education and skill development.
he used to wear rose and had the knowledge of gardens but did not know about farmers or farming, due to which the community faced hardship, babu said, without naming nehru.
now it is time to do a bit for the farmer who ensure food security of the country, badal, who was speaking in punjabi, said referring to the slogan 'jai jawan, jai kisan' given by late prime minister lal bahadur shastri, which modi too had echoed as a poll promise.
this scheme has been made foolproof and will be implemented with complete transparency, modi said and asked state governments to come forward with list of farmers who would be its beneficiaries.
badal also asked the additional chief secretaries development and revenue to seek legal opinion from legal remembrancer (lr) for making suitable amendments in the land tenure act 1953 for facilitating the farmers to get better prices of their produce.
referring to the change in the budget dates, modi said it was in the interest of india's predominantly rural economy to prepare the budget immediately after the receipt of agricultural incomes for the year.
agriculture minister radhamohansingh said, this new variety will be released for commercial cultivation in january and will be available for sowing in the kharif 2017 season.
on sunday, state secretary modi announced that the cadres will fan out to build houses for the homeless, become part of palliative care initiatives, do organic agriculture, clean rivers and ponds, work to raise the standards of government schools and the quality of public hospitals and so on.
modi said he would transform agriculture.
on the farm loan waiver issue, rahulgandhi said, when they were in government they waived rs 70,000 crore in loan waiver and recalled the bjp mps criticism against the same.
but during his recent visit to the state, he did not find time to visit the families of farmers who have committed suicide, naidu told reporters in bengaluru.
the chief minister, however, said this had been achieved at a huge cost to the state and its farmers as the punjab farmers have bartered away their only two natural resources, soil fertility and water.
punjab congress chief captain amarinder singh on sunday asked prime minister narendra modi to waive farmers loans if he was serious about alleviating their woes following his demonetisation move.
noting that the congress always supported the struggle of farmer, siddaramaiah said that farmers in the state have been facing injustice since 1924.
assuring that his government was duty-bound to fulfill every promise made to the people in its election manifesto, amarindersingh said the state had approached the union government for the loan waiver.
by ptiwashington: the maharashtra government is aspiring to make the state the first trillion-dollar economy by 2025, five years early, by investing in infrastructure, agriculture and services and by leveraging foreign investments in various sectors, chief minister devendrafadnavis has said.
b'five days after a congress delegation led by aicc general secretary rahul gandhi met the prime minister demanding loan waiver for weavers,union finance minister pranabmukherjee announced a rs 3,000 crore allocation for the weavers cooperative societies on monday.
bhopal: facing heat over farmers' agitation, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan today said he will sit on a fast tomorrow at the dussehra maidan in the state capital and hear the grievances of the cultivators.
remembering may 1857 as the month in which indians displayed their strength against the british, and the youth and farmers stood up against injustices, as also for being the month and year in which savarkar was born, modi said, a wonderful account about savarkarji has been given by our dear honourable atal bihari vajpayeeji.
devendra fadnavis (file) devendrafadnavis (file)while loan waiver is going to lead to financial constraints, it will not impact development projects in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday.
prime minister modi on april 8 had announced higher compensation and government aid for farmers suffering due to unseasonable rains.
urging people to shout his oft-repeated slogan against modi and raising farmers issue during the address, gandhi claimed that the pm had duped farmers and looted the people of india to give `30,000 crore to anil ambani.
ram ram , a political analyst and former professor, haryana agricultural university, hissar, said that caste plays a major role in elections in the region.
siddaramaiah also said that the four cabinet sub committees on drought will tour the drought-hit areas to review relief works.
co/0lfegtkkfb rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1525317561000new delhi: congress president rahul gandhi today gave an 'f' grade report card to the modi government on the subject of agriculture in poll-bound karnataka.
interacting with party workers during his visit to hassan, on sunday, dr harshvardhan said, the centre was pro-farmer and was concerned about chalking out plans for the overall development of the country.
launching a tirade against the bjp-led national democratic alliance (nda) government, siddaramaiah said: modi government is anti-farmer and it is evident with the changes brought to the act, only to benefit the corporates.
questioning the centres intent to rescue the beleaguered farmers, amarindersingh asked, if a bankrupt state like punjab could do its bit for a loan waiver, why could the centre not come up with a waiver scheme?
he announced that about 25,000 farmers would participate in the farmers' rally in delhi on september 20 that would be addressed by congress president sonia gandhi and vice-president rahul gandhi besides by other leaders.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das told presspersons that the rs. 21,000 crore would enable these banks to sanction and disburse crop loans to farmers through the network of primary agricultural cooperative societies.
we have decided to purchase the required quantity directly from the farmers, state chief minister mamatabanerjee said on tuesday.
the new capital region will be just 18km from the krishna riverfront and the farmers who part with their fertile land in this region will benefit immensely, naidu said, trying to allay their fears.
(pti photo)calling for a relook at the proposal to link rivers in the country, prime minister modi on saturday said that if water management is given importance, there would be no farmer suicides.
(express archive)skill development training can promote economically self-reliant entrepreneurs and beat unemployment through job creation in diverse sectors, including agriculture and industries, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday interacting with iti students.
addressing a farmers rally at raigaon village in kadegaon taluka of sangli district, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, overall, our budgetary allocations for the agriculture sector has gone up many folds.
prime minister narendra modi on thursday said his government was open to suggestions from political parties on ways to stop the spate of farmer suicides in the country.
not only farmers loans will be waived, but also educative programmes will be introduced, he said.
on crop loss, ram said, the state has suffered a crop loss of rs 7,000 crore in rabi season.
uttar pradesh, telangana and andhra pradesh have announced loan waivers on their own and maharashtra will have to follow the same, ram told reporters.
follow our election coverage hereon the issue of farm loan waiver, nath said: pm modi said that loans of farmers were not waived off.
the decision was also evaluated by the j-pal south asia and the world bank following the announcement of the project, chief minister capt amarindersingh had claimed that the project would encourage farmers to save power and water and would also help in crop diversification and result in accurate energy accounting and curbing wasteful consumption.
agriculture minister ram , while pointing out that there was a lot of corruption in the administration across the country, said aadhaar would go a long way in curbing it.
modi said the congress promised to waive farmers' loans in karnataka, but instead of doing so, issued warrants against peasants and sent them to jail.
in your idea,money does not grow on trees,but in our idea money is grown by farmers in their fields, modi said.
on wednesday robert vadras wife, priyanka gandhi had said in a statement that agricultural land bought by her in haryanas faridabad district or other property acquired by her had no links to finances of her husband, his skylight hospitality or reality major dlf.
agriculture minister ram told toi that all officials had been instructed to prepare contingency plans to handle the eventuality of a monsoon failure.
lawyer-turned-organic farmer and founder of the green path, h r ram said: the festival enables farmers to sell their produce directly to consumers.
at the same rally, congress president rahulgandhi had said: the voice that is reverberating now across the country is of the farmers who are in deep distress and crisis.
the schemes announced on friday will have impact on at least 12 crore families of small farmers, pm narendramodi claimed.
instead, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced a new incentive scheme in which a farmer gets 10  subsidy on the principal amount while repaying the loan.
stating that the government was floundering to account the actual energy consumed and the transmission and distribution losses, siddaramaiah said farmers continue to consume maximum power when compared to farmers of other states.
on the first day in office as the chief minister, siddaramaiah announced housing loan waiver for dalits and backward classes and introduced shaadi bhagya for minorities.
modi, who was replying to a debate on the motion of thanks to the president's address, said his government wanted to make changes in the land act passed during the upa tenure because all the chief ministers had said it was against farmers' interest and hampered development and infrastructure creation.
during his poll campaign, prime minister modi had said the first decision of the new up government under the bjp would be to waive loans of small and marginal farmers.
kau vice-chancellor r babu said, the proposal to establish a caast for knowledge and skill development on coconut-based secondary agriculture has been approved by the icar.
taking to twitter, gandhi said he will make every effort to secure the future of the farmers.
puducherry lt governor kiranbedi on sunday said economic development of a country largely depends on the progress of its agriculture, industry, trade and service sector.
cag report found that about 25-30 lakh people who got loan waiver were not even eligible for it, modi said at a rally at vijaypur here.
delivering the 38th edition of his 'mann ki baat', prime minister modi said, can our farmers take a pledge to bring down urea use by half by 2022?
can't release water to tamil nadu, says cmmysuru/bengaluru, sep 6, 2015, dhns: 2:41 istchief minister siddaramaiah said on saturday it would be difficult for the state to release cauvery water to tamil nadu this month owing to severe drought in karnataka.
he allegedly asked them to buy 57 hectares from farmers and other villagers and sell it to the agency at an inflated price, ram said.
in his address broadcast through air stations across the state, siddaramaiah said 70 farmers had committed suicide since june which was a matter of concern and the suddenrise had remained an enigma to the government itself.
he said chief minister park and deputy chief minister sukhbir singh badal have announced many a times that the sad is committed to safeguard the waters of punjab and it would go to any length, including sacrificing their own lives, for the safety and security of punjabis in general and farmers in particular.
bjp in its lok kalyan sankalp patra (manifesto) had promised to waive loans of small and marginal farmers, and prime minister modi had said in his election speeches that writing off the farmers loans would be among the foremost tasks of the partys government.
in his closing remarks at the meet, modi also said that corporate investment in agriculture is very low in india and urged the state governments to formulate policies to promote industry participation in the farm sector.
kumaraswamy also said he would call a meeting of representatives of nationalised banks in 2-3 days and seek information about farm loans extended by them.
pointing out that online trading of agriculture produce has been introduced in around 30 apmcs in the state to minimise the role of middlemen and make farming profitable, ram claimed that it was a first-of-its-kind experiment in the nation and was being replicated in other states.
terming providing water for irrigation as a major thrust area of the bjp government, modi said pradhan mantri krishi sinchai yojana is a major step in this direction, which has helped farmers considerably.
lauding the role played by punjabis in socio-economic development of gujarat,modi said: nearly 50,000 sikhs had lived peacefully in gujarat since centuries,thereby intermingling with other communities and playing a proactive role in the states development any officer of the gujarat government,compelling the farmers to leave the state,should understand clearly that in such a case,he will have to leave gujarat.
union home minister rajnathsingh on friday said the nda government was working hard to improve the condition of farmers, claiming it was the first government ever to have resolved to double farm incomes by 2022.
flaunts states achievements across power,agricultural and other sectors,modi says this makes the model worthy of transplantation across the country.
'i have launched an initiative to double farmers' incomes by 2022, said pm modi.
the project, which is being undertaken to quench the thirst of drought-prone areas of kolar, chikkaballapur and bengaluru rural districts, has been prepared after obtaining opinion from technical experts on the pros and cons of the project, said siddaramaiah.
apcthe proposed agriculture price commission (apc) was before the cabinet subcommittee, ram said.
meanwhile, siddaramaiah on sunday told reporters in mysuru that he is waiting for union governments stand to take a decision of farm loan waiver.
pointing out that 10 lakh acres of land, farmed by 2 lakh farmer families and supported by another 2 lakh agricultural labourers depended on agriculture in punjab, amarindersingh said implementation of the syl verdict would finish them all.
congress member ram said that the agriculture credit policy was faulty as farmers were not getting the benefit of loans from the cooperative sector, with some crops not being covered by them.
bhopal: as western madhya pradesh reels under violent protest by farmers over loan waiver and better price for their produce, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan today said the state government was open for a dialogue to iron out the differences and once again appealed them to maintain peace.
speaking at the inauguration of college of horticulture and laying the foundation stone for student hostels on the university of agriculture sciences campus on ballari road, ram said: agriculture universities, which came into being to help develop the agriculture sector, have failed to protect the interests of farmers.
not selling produce will bring losses to farmers.
again, in response to shekhars query on why the government does not waive off loans for farmers as it has done for corporate houses, arunjaitley said the government has not waived off loans to corporate houses.
inflation under check; global economy, agri a challenge: fmnew delhi, may 23, 2015, (pti) 14:05 istfinance minister arunjaitley today said inflation has been brought under control in the past one year but global economy and agrarian situation as well as domestic investments pose challenge to the indian economy.
modi said his governments focus was on agriculture and doubling farm income by 2022.
whatever may be the difficulty, our governmentis committed to maintaining fiscal discipline, and also saving you (farmers), kumaraswamy told the meeting after listening to farmers for about three hours.
union agriculture minister sharad pawar on saturday said he would not oppose the creation of vidarbha out of maharashtra if a majority of the people in the state wanted it.
siddaramaiah told reporters after reviewing the drought situation and relief works in belagavi district at suvarna vidhana soudha on monday that once the drought eases, he would visit delhi to get a green signal for the expansion from the party high command.
on the issue of agricultural debt relief, while his government had already announced a package of rs 8000 crores for over ten lakh small and marginal farming households, there was need for a comprehensive package and assistance from the centre, said amarindersingh , urging for a one-time debt waiver to help out the farming community.
tiwari said the state government has been shaken by the constantly rising of suicides by distressed farmers.
replying to queries from the media on tuesday as to whether the governor had rejected the governments recommendation, chief minister siddaramaiah in kolar said, i have not seen the letter sent by the governors office as i was in ballari to monitor drought relief work on monday.
yesterday, punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal had said that he would denotify the land acquired for the sutlej-yamuna link (syl) canal and return it to farmers.
we have agreed to further strengthen our bilateral cooperation in defence and security, peaceful uses of atomic energy and outer space, science and technology, oil and gas, renewable energy, infrastructure development, agriculture and innovation-based sectors, naidu said.
after shiv sena relaunched its attack on the state government over loan waivers, chief minister devendra fadnavis said the demand to completely waive farm loans could not be granted immediately as it will collapse the fiscal discipline.
congress chief gandhi had said that giving farmers rs 17 a day was an insult to all that they stood for.
announcing relief for farmers, modi said, government will take care of interest for 60 days for farmers who had taken loans from district coop, central bank.
you mount pressure on the government so that the farmers of bengal are not deprived of the scheme, modi told the woman.
modi, in his speech, said till a few months back the congress was accusing the ruling the sp of corruption and neglecting farmers, but the two have now embraced each other.
from land monetisation to seeking the help of financial institutions, the government will explore all available routes to help small and marginal farmers, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on sunday.
budget is close to dreams of people: pmnew delhi, feb 29, 2016 (pti) 19:05 istterming the budget as one close to dreams of the people, prime minister modi today said its biggest focus is on villages, poor people, farmers, women and youth to ensure a qualitative change in their lives and alleviate poverty through a slew of time-bound programmes.
dcc president t p ram said the budget has announced welfare programmes for farmers, women and deprived class.
annapurna singh, new delhi, feb 10, 2014, dhns: 1:00 istprime minister modi had claimed credit for lowering prices of petrol, diesel and other essential items while campaigning for delhi polls, but the agricultural produce market committee data from asias largest azadpur mandi showed prices of vegetables and fruits, in fact, had risen close to 100 per cent.
responding to a question on the police firing on farmers in madhya pradesh, naidu said the problem being faced by farmers now has not been created overnight.
some farmers were taken into custody, said bathinda police station officer iqbal singh.
leader of opposition (lop), ram said that the state government had failed on law and order front and did not keep its promise of serving farmers interests.
government is making all out efforts to ensure that farmers get latest seeds, required electricity, do not face any problem in market access and get right prices for their produce, modi said.
wondering how the commission can ignore karnataka which has been facing severe drought for the past several years, siddaramaiah said even smaller states like haryana have received more allocation than karnataka.
regarding scrapping criminal cases pending against the farmers for staging demonstration to press for their various demands, siddaramaiah said he would take the decision after reviewing the cases.
commerce secretary rita a. teaotia on monday said the union commerce ministry would support goa governments policy to develop the state as a agriculture hub.
former mp tejaswini ram said that though former chief minister s m krishna did not take any steps to solve farmers issues, he was in the news for trying to change the chief minister.
noting that agriculture development is the top priority for mozambique, modi said india would be partnering this endeavour through development of agricultural infrastructure and productivity in this country.
deshpande had also said that prime minister manmohansingh had announced a package for vidarbhas crisis-ridden farmers,which included one for irrigation.
when siddaramaiah said his traditional occupation was agriculture, the enumerator entered the code 4 against the column following a prompt by his colleague.
during the debate on the agrarian crisis in assembly on thursday, pawar said the entire episode was serious.
modi said up, tamil nadu maharashtra and other governments have submitted the list and their farmers are getting the benefits.
gst is a once in a lifetime opportunity for the government to remove anomalies in tobacco taxation in india and bring a fair relief to the tobacco farmers without compromising on its tobacco control goals, faifa general secretary babu said in a statement.
he also spoke about the special task force constituted by the union ministry of finance to directly link subsidies on lpg, kerosene and fertilizers with aadhaar number holders.
press trust of india, new delhi, jun 1 2017, 19:02 istthe animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders, arunjaitley said, adding that 'this is the only effect of the notification.
launching a tirade against the bjp-led national democratic alliance (nda) government, ram said: modi government is anti-farmer and it is evident with the changes brought to the act, only to benefit the corporates.
modi, who is trying to boost investment in industry that would create new jobs outside agriculture, said farmers should increase productivity so that they can prosper even as the average size of farms shrinks due to a growing population.
after assuming power, chief minister yogiadityanath had announced loan waivers of up to rs 1 lakh relating to small and marginal farmers.
in mandya alone, authorities have registered more than fifty cases, and have seized about 1,000 documents, said siddaramaiah , who is on a visit to mandya and mysore districts to comfort families of farmers who have committed suicide.
modi said he needs the maximum help from people about spreading awareness regarding the pradhan mantri crop insurance scheme which was launched earlier this month.
no differences between cong, jd(s): dy cmtaking a cue from kerala, the cm said he would ask small and marginal farmers to submit documents related to their debts to the deputy commissioners in their districts.
chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan had on monday said that his government is taking all necessary steps to address the issues of the agitating farmers.
flanked by punjab pradesh congress committee president and mp sunil jakhar and local bodies minister navjot singh sidhu, amarindersingh said the process of farm loan waiver would begin after the elections and distribution of smart phones would also begin soon.
the loan waiver will affect government-owned and cooperative banks.
speaking on the occasion, agriculture minister ram said facilities like agriculture universities were meant to give an impetus to the farming sector, which was not happening on the ground.
during a debate in the assembly on drought situation in the state on the first day of the budget session on thursday, ram ram claimed that ysr interest-free loan scheme, announced by the chief minister, was nothing new, but an old one introduced by the kiran kumar reddy government and that the tdp government continued the same after 2014.
during his poll campaign, prime minister narendramodi had said the first decision of the new up government under the bjp would be to waive loans of small and marginal farmers.
it said such a step would lead to a fiscal collapse and not benefit farmers.
but it does not want to give a loan waiver even as this can contain farm suicides, the congress mla had said in the house.
reiterating his vow to waive all farm loans once the congress comes to power in the state, amarinder said modis failure to announce loan waiver indicated his lack of seriousness in addressing the concerns of the farming community facing crisis due to note ban.
saying that the strike was a direct affirmation of the kisan virodhi policies of the modi government, a statement by congress spokesperson randeep singh surjewala said the mp state government was trying to suppress the protests by using illegal means.
who is playing with the lives of farmers when the agriculture minister says that the centre has received no request for help for farmers?
govt in no hurry to declare taluks drought-hitkolar, august 8, 2013, dhns: 0:35 istagriculture minister ram announced on thursday that the list of drought-hit taluks in the state would be put once the rainy season ends.
asked about farmers converging in delhi to press their demands, gandhi said such freedom does not exist in countries such as russia, china or saudi arabia.
in february 2016, prime minister modi had said farmers' income would be doubled by 2022 to mark 75 years of india's independence.
after the meeting, ram told reporters that the veteran congress leader has asked the government to pay cash compensation to farmers in cauvery basin who have suffered crop losses due to non-release of water through the canals.
on his way to haveri, ram told mediapersons at the airport here on thursday that only 20 per cent of farmers have borrowed from cooperative sector, while 80 per cent of loans are from the nationalised banks.
modi said farmers income will be doubled in 6 years; it is a jumla-type statement unlikely to be achieved, he said.
central teams will be visiting the drought hit areas on november 7 and 8, siddaramaiah said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the government is working towards providing 12-hour uninterrupted power to the farmers across rural maharashtra.
beyond that as the central government, i have nothing to say, arunjaitley told reporters when asked if the centre will intervene on the issue of farm loan waivers and related protests.
siddaramaiah said he had convened a meeting of deputy commissioners of all districts on september 23 and the progress made in drought and flood relief works would be discussed.
for farmers, prime minister modis 48 months have been much better than the congresss rule of 48 years, singh told reuters, referring to the main opposition party that dominated indian politics for most of the years since independence from british colonial rule in 1947.
addressing the opening session of the two-day conference in which union cabinet ministers, food and agriculture ministers from states and senior government officials are taking part, pranabmukherjee said procurement of foodgrains and enhancement of storage capacity in view of the proposed national food security act.
raje said earlier farmers used to get insurance of rs 50,000 on death or permanent disability under raj sahakar personal insurance scheme, which now has been increased to rs 10 lakh.
deputy commissioner babu said the assessment of the damages in the district is on and initiatives would be taken to benefit the farmers according to the governments direction.
farmers' income should double in six years: modibhubaneswar, feb 22, 2016, dhns: 0:42 istthe nda government at the centre wants to double the income of the farmers in the next six years and steps are being taken to see the target is achieved, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday.
(pti photo)calling for a relook at the proposal to link rivers in the country, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said that if water management is given importance, there would be no farmer suicides.
siddaramaiah said an auction system for agricultural markets would also be introduced on the mobile one.
(source: pti)a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis said he is fine with the ipl moving out of the drought-affected maharashtra, his party colleague and bcci secretary anurag thakur on saturday warned that doing so will result in a loss of rs 100 cr for the state.
fadnavis, who was in yavatmal district, the epicentre of farmer suicides in the state, also expressed his unhappiness over the inordinate delay in completion of work and listed out all the problems voiced by the villagers.
they are not interested in farmers' welfare, siddaramaiah said.
the project cost worked out to rs 18 lakh, involving 150 mushroom farmers, sanjeevkumar said.
expressing concern of farmers' suicides and the plight of the poor people in the country, modi asked the bankers to be considerate in providing financial assistance to poor.
the bjp-led government at the centre has been meting out step-motherly treatment to punjabs farmers in a bid to undermine the congress government in the state, said amarindersingh , citing the centres decision to divert gunny bags to haryana and imposition of value cut on msp for the wheat procured under the relaxed specifications in the state during the rabi season in 2019-20.
the first guarantee given by any government should be that it will not let farmers die, modi said.
but for realising the slogan of 'jai jawan, jai kisan', the plight of farmers should also be addressed, badal said.
unless we do that, farmers will not gain much needed confidence, said kishore tiwari of vidarbha jan andolan samiti (vjas), who was recently roped in by the state government to head a mission to reduce farm distress.
at mandi gobindgarh, farmer harbhajan singh of dadheri village told him how the state government had failed to settle his payment.
if there is a ray of hope in the world economy today, it is india, modi said at the rally attended by thousands of farmers.
we are not like the congress which will only pay lip-service to farmers but ignore their well-being whenever congress is in power, farmers suffer, modi said.
a sincere attempt will be made to provide water to standing crops of our farmers, siddaramaiah said.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavisaurangabad: the maharashtra government has launched some schemes which will help make the perennially parched marathwada region free of drought, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on tuesday.
modi said if sardar vallabhai patel had been the prime minister at the time, the condition of farmers would have been much better.
on a trip to villages in his lambi assembly constituency last week, badal, while speaking on the amarinder singh govts debt waiver scheme during an interaction with the media, said he was willing to talk to top brass of the government for the sake of debt-ridden farmers.
help promised to farmersaddressing the gathering on the occasion, siddaramaiah said the government was celebrating the occasion with a heavy heart in the wake of the farmers suicides in the state.
to send a message to farmers, who are in the habit of raising loans, siddaramaiah said, barring my father, who had obtained loan once from a pld bank, nobody in our undivided family has availed loans.
we sell around 5,000 roses a month, says ram , a farmer.
navi mumbai, apr 9, 2016 (pti) 15:16 ista day after chief minister devendrafadnavis said he is fine with the ipl moving out of the drought-affected maharashtra, his party colleague and bcci secretary anurag thakur today warned that doing so will result in a loss of rs 100 cr for the state.
prime minister narendramodi has asked the top officials to move fast to approach the aiib for loans for some of the flagship projects of his government, particularly in agriculture, rural housing and railway sectors.
at a farmers rally in chhattisgarh on monday, gandhi had said that if congress comes to power at the centre, its government will guarantee a minimum income for every individual in the country.
according to the department of agriculture, the state has registered 600 cases of farmer suicides between january and april 2014.
in his address broadcast through air stations across the state, ram said 70 farmers had committed suicide since june which was a matter of concern and the suddenrise had remained an enigma to the government itself.
also read: pm-kisan scheme an insult to farmers, says priyanka gandhiduring the demonetisation, no thief or person with black money, but farmers, youths, unemployed, and people of bundelkhand stood in the queues, said gandhi.
although chief minister ram claimed that the government has already distributed nearly rs 4,100 crore as relief to farmers who lost their crop, it's been a case of so near, yet so far.
siddaramaiah said district in-charge ministers have been directed to hold regular review of drought relief works in their respective districts.
recalling yeddyurappas tenure as chief minister, siddaramaiah said that, when congress leader v s ugrappa asked yeddyurappa, the then chief minister, to waive off farm loans in the legislative council, yeddyurappa said that he had no note printing machine.
chief minister devendra fadnavis sanctioned rs 2.5 lakh for his medical treatment, but the farmer had already passed away at a private hospital in gadchirolis chandgaon village by then.
delay in getting appointment with modi upsets siddaramaiahbengaluru, august 14, 2015, dhns: 1:19 istcm had sought time to discuss kalasa-banduri project, droughtchief minister siddaramaiah on thursday said he was disappointed that the appointment he had sought with prime minister narendra modi to discuss various issues, including implementation of the kalasa-banduri project and drought condition prevailing in the state, had received no response.
earlier, a rift developed among agitators as a group of farmers decided to call off the protest after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a partial loan waiver for small and marginal farmers on june 3.
48pm: the government will set up gramin haats so that farmers dont have to go faraway to sell their produces, says modi.
addressing a rally in uttar pradesh's bahraich district, gandhi said: the bjp is, in fact, insulting the farmers in the name of the kisan samman yojana, which the prime minister discusses very much, as it will give only rs 3.
ragi, jowar may come under pdsthe state is ready to include ragi and jowar under the public distribution system (pds) if farmers grow more of these crops and sell them to it, said chief minister siddaramaiah on wednesday after launching the anna bhagya yojane, dhns reports from bangalore.
chief minister ram who was in a hurry to return to the state capital to chair an all party meeting, said the government decided to keep the festivities low key as the state is battling continuous droughts.
gandhi said that this decision has thrown farmers, small shopkeepers and housewives into utter chaos.
sources said that modi could also announce a host of welfare schemes for the farmers at the rally, which comes two days before former prime minister chaudhary charan singh's birth anniversary.
read| if elected, congress will waive off loans of chhattisgarh farmers: rahul gandhiaccusing singh of indulging in corruption, gandhi claimed that rs 5,000 crore had vanished in the chit fund scam.
inaugurating the first international agro-biodiversity congress here in the national capital, prime minister modi said it was high time that the stakeholders in the agriculture sector change the way they look at preserving the agro-biodiversity and its inhabitants.
while deepakkumar (23), a farmer, said he cannot afford a solar lamp, kaushalya devi (70) showed her solar light, which barely illuminates a part of the small room.
responding to the opposition parties, commerce and industry minister nirmalasitharaman said the government was seized of the problems being faced by drought-hit farmers in tamil nadu and that finance minister arun jaitley, agriculture minister radha mohan singh and water resources minister uma bharti have already met delegations from the state.
tiwari said the large number of farmers suicides are basically due to the continuous drought of past three-four years.
referring to gandhis loan waiver promise, a lady, avisha rokde, asked why not give good price so that question of loan waiver doesnt arise at all, gandhi said, if farmers are in distress, waiver is the immediate step that needs to be taken.
17 am: on drought, modi said: few days back we were worrying about drought situation, now where on one side we hear about monsoon, on other side, we hear about floods.
rahul will visit kin of peasants who ended lives: siddaramaiahbengaluru, july 25, 2015, dhns: 0:58 istcongress vice president rahul gandhi will soon visit karnataka again for two days to meet some of the family members of farmers who committed suicide recently, chief minister siddaramaiah said on friday.
talking about the role of the agriculture, naidu said a huge population of the country is engaged in the sector.
purnendu bera of nandigrams gokulnagar village said: on the very first day after taking oath as chief minister, mamatabanerjee had announced that the land taken from unwilling farmers in singur would be returned.
agriculture and policy expert devinder ram said that difficulty in getting claims and a lower amount of claims made in many cases are some of the main reasons behind the reduction in the number of beneficiaries.
magisterial probe into farmer suicide orderedbelgaum, nov 28, 2013, dhns: 2:42 istchief minister ram on thursday announced a magisterial probe into the death of sugarcane grower vithal bheemappa arabhavi amid opposition allegation that the state government was responsible for the farmers suicide and the demand for his resignation.
new delhi: vice-president naidu expressed his happiness at 15 farmers being recognised with padma awards announced on the eve of republic day saluting the efforts of these farmers in a series of tweets on saturday, naidu said, extremely delighted and happy that for the first time in india, 15 outstanding individuals who have done exceptional work in the field of agriculture and allied services are recognised, respected and honoured with padma awards.
on the first day in office as the chief minister, ram announced housing loan waiver for dalits and backward classes and introduced shaadi bhagya for minorities.
in all, rs 75,000 will be transferred to farmers accounts, no broker or middlemen involved, modi said.
(source: ap photo)saving farmers is the priority of his government, karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy said today, as he promised to honour his commitment to waive farm loans within 15 days and insisted there was no going back on it.
(file photo)to save farmers from distress selling of crops in open market, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal on monday approved setting up of a price stabilisation fund in the state.
by iansjaipur: the time has come to usher in another green revolution and the congress will do it if comes to power after the lok sabha polls, congress president gandhi said at a farmers' outreach here on wednesday.
assuring the farmers about the governments focus on agriculture, pranabmukherjee said: my government has taken various steps to transform the lives of our farmers.
state finance minister sudhir mungantiwar on wednesday said the revenue deficit of over rs. 15,000 crore in the 2018-19 maharashtra budget is a result of the farm loan waiver scheme and other expenditure in the agriculture sector.
coke heeds to pm's call,to launch fizzy drink with fruit juicenew delhi, feb 11, 2016, (pti): 14:48 istbeverages giant coca-cola is set to launch a new 'juice with fizz' drink, more than a year after prime minister modi had asked the multinational cola giants to add fruit juices to their drinks to help indian farmers increase sales.
amid the din, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah ram said the government was ready to discuss the farmer's suicide, which is a important, serious and urgent.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has already said loan waiver to farmers will be considered at an appropriate time.
mumbai: after his controversial remarks on reservations ncp chief sharad pawar on tuesday demanded quotas for farmers to tackle the agrarian crisis and halt the sudden spurt in suicides.
haryana chief minister manoharlalkhattar said that farmers covered under the scheme would get enhanced insurance compensation ranging between rs 10,000 and rs 25,000 per acre as against the prescribed rates fixed between rs 7500 and rs 12,000 per acre for damage to the crop.
2.48pm: the food we eat is all due to the efforts of our farmers and their families, not rich businessmen.
prime minister narendramodi too had said in his campaign speeches that writing off farm loans would be among the foremost tasks of the bjp government in uttar pradesh.
modi said that these problems were being faced by sugarcane farmers across the country and the union government was a taking a number of steps to address them, said a press release from the prime ministers office.
prime minister narendramodi has said that steps will be taken to double the incomes of farmers in five years.
to obviate any confusion on the subject, i categorically state that the central government has no plan to impose any tax on agriculture income, arunjaitley said in a statement.
the farmers are suffering as a result of the central government's failure to waive their debts, which many state governments, including punjab, have sought, amarindersingh said.
listing the sops offered by her government, mamatabanerjee said it has already given financial benefits to 30,000 farmers under 'krishi bondhu' scheme under which they will get the assistance of rs 5,000 per acre in two instalments, one during kharif and another during rabi season.
as the centre is yet to take a stand of bhavantar, we have decided that garlic and onion will continue to be included but farmers will have to sell gram, lentil and mustard at msp, which the government will ensure, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan told reporters at a hurriedly-called press conference on friday evening.
boosting moralewith collective initiative, we have to boost the morale of farmers and help them tide over the crisis, chief minister devendrafadnavis has said.
speaking to dh, farmer leader sunanda ram said, give us water, or give us compensation for crop loss.
during the deliberations, the chief minister informed the delegation, led by the chairman of punjab mandi board ajmer singh lakhowal, that the state government has already released funds worth rs 80 crore to ensure free crop loan of farmers upto rs 50000.
water and power are two things we are committed to provide to farmers to make them self-reliant.
one is healthcare and one is agriculture, arunjaitley said at a health conference organised by the cii.
on the farm loan waiver issue, gandhi said, when they were in government they waived rs 70,000 crore in loan waiver and recalled the bjp mps criticism against the same.
we apprised cm yogi about the current situation and requested him to do alleviate the plight of our farmers who were framed, ram said.
van dhan (forest-based economy, jan dhan (financial empowerment of the poor), and jal dhan (water conservation to power irrigation of agriculture) could be ethical, economical and an ecological mean of making india a nation to reckon with by 2022 on the world stage, gadkari quoted modi having told the conclave.
stating that the government is working to strengthen agri-marketing in a big way, modi said the efforts are being made to link rural mandis to apmc wholesale markets to global market to enhance farmers income.
during his poll campaign, prime minister babu had said the first decision of the new up government under the bjp would be to waive loans of small and marginal farmers.
it's a bundle of false promises, ram said and argued that there was no justification to call it an agriculture budget.
government ready to include ragi, jowar under pdsbangalore, july 10, 2013, dhns: 1:52 istthe state government is ready to include ragi and jowar under the public distribution system (pds) if farmers are willing to grow more of these crops and sell them to it, chief minister ram said on wednesday.
in an indirect but obvious reference to nehru, modi said the leader who wore a rose knew about gardens but not farmers or farming.
punjab chief minister park (file photo)punjab chief minister park on monday announced a grant of rs 10 crore as compensation to farmers whose cotton crops were extensively damaged due to the whitefly menace.
chief minister park on sunday told leaders of the 17 farmers unions that the state will cancel the notification for acquisition of 171 acres of gobindpura village for the upcoming power plant of indiabulls,and they can start tilling their land.
patna, march 4: chief minister nitishkumar today said a cabinet committee would be formed to ensure proper monitoring of agricultural roadmap in the state.
experience has shown that price shocks in items under the act have been minimal, says ram , director of the national centre for agricultural economics and policy research.
neeraj jain,conveynor,lokayat,pune,said contract farming is paving way for the government to pull out of its traditional role and give way to corporatisation of agriculture.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the extension will help farmers to avail loan waiver till may 20.
after being conferred with the cauvery award at a programme organised at chandravana ashrama near here as part of navaratri celebrations, kirankumar said that the satellites are used for collecting information on weather, for use in agriculture, education, communication, television and other fields.
finance minister arunjaitley has said his government will analyse and address rural india's issues, even going to the extent of saying that spending on rural india and agriculture is not populism.
sena chief uddhav thackeray told his legislators to continue to press for the demand, and not let the house function till such a time that the state government, of which it is a component, gives in to it and announces a loan waiver.
modi said the bridge would open new road for the high- quality ginger grown by farmers of the region and improve their economic condition.
at a meeting, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the government is all set to put the entire agriculture sector on separate solar feeder to provide quality and consistent power supply to farmers in the state.
observing that the agriculture sector would do better than expected, babu said, the monsoon has been better and the manufacturing growth will pick up in the second half of the year.
5 lakh crore loans of 15 big industrialists, why cant the loans of farmers be waived, gandhi asked.
while talking after inaugurating the new service, haryana chief minister manoharlalkhattar said that the portal would help providing agriculture related information directly and online to the farmers.
when he had taken over the reins, the dues of sugarcane farmers ran up to rs 14000 crore, which had come down to about rs 700-800 crore now due to measures taken by his government, modi said and warned the sugar mill owners against treating the farmers the way they did in the past.
it's not possible to release tamil nadu's share as per the award as our (karnataka's) farmers very much need water during this four-month period, siddaramaiah said in the assembly, briefing the members on the deliberations.
misuse of relief amountearlier in the day, speaking to reporters at the ram airport at mandakalli in mysuru, ram said on friday that there was no question of protecting any tainted persons over embezzlement of relief amount meant for farmers for land acquired from them.
if bjp forms government in up, modi said, i promise you we will form a special task force to ensure that lands looted from farmers and middle-class people would be restored.
pticongress leaders on sunday termed union agriculture minister radha mohan singhs remark on the ongoing farmers strike, or gaon bandh, as insensitive and full of arrogance.
chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on monday claimed that nearly rs 30,000 crore reached farmers bank accounts in the last one year.
the requirement of funds for the infrastructure, agriculture, horticulture, animal husbandry, women and child development, health and education sectors in the region is rs 16,000 crore, siddaramaiah said.
b'india would not have lost its sheen as a country of farmers if sardar vallabhbhai patel had been the first prime minister,gujarat chief minister modi said today,ruing the poor national agricultural growth.
union minister mukhtarabbasnaqvi told reporters that the mps were very enthusiastic about the budget as it will empower villages, farmers and youth.
i am going to waive off farmers loans, kumaraswamy told reporters in bengaluru after being sworn in as chief minister.
a cag report found that about 25-30 lakh people who got loan waiver were not even eligible for it, modi said at a rally at vijaypur in jammu.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan of the bjp also announced several measures, including bonus above the minimum support price to ensure farmers get fair prices for their produce.
besides seeking immediate decision on creating vidarbha state, we are demanding waiver of farm loans, accountability for the wrong monetary policies and charging of heavy fees for every banking operation, said ram of vras.
he added, pawar, who hails from maharashtra which has recorded the highest number of farmers suicides, cannot absolve himself of the responsibilities as he also happens to be the union agriculture minister.
bhopal: farmers' protest continued unabated in many parts of western madhya pradesh today even as chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said his government is taking all necessary steps to address the issues of agitating farmers.
picture by saikat santra kharagpur, april 3: bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee today announced a waiver of agricultural land tax that is expected to cost the government rs 200 crore in revenues annually and advised the centre to follow the example to write off farm loans.
similarly, rs 35,984 crore have been allocated to agriculture, while rs 9 lakh crore earmarked for crop loans this year, naidu said.
vishal srivastav rahul gandhi gets a farmer to sign a kisan mangpatra in unnao on thursday.
hemant said initially prime minister modi had said that his government would safeguard farmers' land, but later tried to bring in land acquisition bill to usurp farmland.
the injustice done to the farmers will be revealed by the investigation, manoharlalkhattar said during the ongoing budget session of the vidhan sabha.
often, there would be unannounced power cuts too, said r jain , a farmer, who participated in the protest.
also, many other parts of india face drought at some time or the other, says r ram , senior scientist, indian council for agriculture research.
(ap photo)in his mann ki baat on november 26, prime minister modi asked farmers to cut urea consumption by half by 2022.
b'backing chief minister siddaramaiah on the issue of cauvery water sharing with tamil nadu, janata dal (secular) national secretary general danish ali on sunday said when farmers and the common man are distressed and even drinking water is not available in cauvery catchment areas, how can the karnataka government release the river waters.
modi said the opposition was welcome in criticising and finding faults, if any, in the implementation of initiatives taken by his government as he listed a number of programmes, including for farmers, youth and other sections of the society.
siddaramaiah said that the government would increase the compensation from rs 1 lakh to rs 5 lakh to the families of farmers who committed suicide in the state.
we have set up an agriculture price commission with rs.1,000 crore revolving support price fund for market intervention to ensure farmers do not suffer losses in the event of prices for their crops fall below production cost, ram said.
if we can gather together to save jallikattu , then these are saviors of us, we will support them till they get the assurance from the government, said madan , it professional from noida who came to support the farmers.
capt amarindersingh , who met congress president rahul gandhi earlier in the day, said prime minister narendra modis allegations on the punjab governments loan waiver scheme were completely incorrect.
share this article related article at drought meet, pm narendramodi says learn from shivajiat drought meet, pm narendramodi says learn from shivaji karnataka cm siddaramaiah meets pm modi, seeks rs 12,272 cr to tackle drought situationkarnataka cm siddaramaiah meets pm modi, seeks rs 12,272 cr to tackle drought situation up seeks rs 11,000 cr to meet drought situation as akhilesh meets pm modiup seeks rs 11,000 cr to meet drought situation as akhilesh meets pm modi ipl 2016: sewage water to run the cash-rich leagueipl 2016: sewage water to run the cash-rich league maharashtra to raise loans to tackle droughtmaharashtra to raise loans to tackle drought flood-like situation in parts of gujarat, toll reaches 27elaborating on gujarats efforts at water conservation, recharge and creation of water bodies, the cm said that 1.
we have to mount pressure on the government to ensure justice to farmers, babu told tdp lawmakers at a meeting at his residence.
in a statement issued here, akali mps sukhdev singh dhindsa and balwinder singh bhunder from the rajya sabha and prem singh chandumajra from the lok sabha said ekta, ugrahan and few other factions of the bharti kisan union (bku) were trying to sow seeds of discontent in the peasantry.
however, ram earlier told representatives of various farmers organisations that the online system had been working effectively and helped lakhs of farmers get judicious price for their produce at apmcs.
these are being worked out to make agriculture a sustainable sector, he said.
to make karnataka a beacon of hope for farmers all across india, he said.
vishal srivastavwhile addressing the public in unnao as part of his kisan yatra on thursday, congress vice-president rahul gandhi asked why union finance minister arun jaitley had not given a speech on loans waived by his government.
puliyur a nagar , president of tmc farmers wing, said, farmers are burdened with debts and some have taken extreme decisions resulting.
(source: pti photo)exhorting farmers to adopt modern technology, prime minister narendramodi on monday said his government has decided to double their income by 2022 when india would celebrate 75 years of independence.
if water is not released, the people may also face a food crisis, said nagar , farmers leader from siruguppa.
although jalpaiguri district magistrate smaraki ram said she would probe into the case, kin and relatives of the deceased farmer sense that the government would never accept the fact that robin had committed suicide due to the burden of debt on him.
because of cumbersome banking processes and the burden of debt,around 2,70,000 farmers have committed suicide in the past 20 years, modi had said.
modi wants rbi to prepare 20-yr road map for fin inclusionmumbai, apr 2, 2015, (pti) 13:41 istprime minister narendramodi today asked the reserve bank to prepare a 20-year road map for financial inclusion and nudged banks to be considerate in giving loans to the poor as also while making recoveries from them, especially farmers.
maharashtra chief minister prithvirajchavan today said that his comments on comparative figures of agriculture growth rates in the state and neighbouring gujarat were unfortunately mutilated.
ruing failure of congress to provide crop insurance to the gujarat farmers in the face of bad monsoon last year,modi asked whether money for the crop insurance had met the same fate as 2g spectrum and coal reserves.
though the opposition criticised it as a small initiative, it should share what it contributed to farmers when it was in power, said prime minister modi 's brother modi , vice-president, all india fair price shop dealers federation, during his visit to the sri krishna mutt on wednesday.
chairing a district-level drought review meeting here on tuesday, siddaramaiah asked the officials to work on a war footing to ensure proper drinking water supply, availability of fodder, increased number of man days under mgnreg scheme and proper healthcare in affected areas.
speaking to reporters at the kpcc office, state congress president g ram said vested interests had unnecessarily created confusion on the issue of giving a cheque to family members of a farmer who committed suicide.
siddaramaiah said that his government was pro-farmer and pro-poor and they were ready for discussions on the adjournment motion moved by the opposition.
quota for farmers' children in agri varsitymysore, feb 24, 2014, dhns: 0:39 istchief minister ram on monday announced that 40 per cent of seats in agricultural universities in the state will be reserved for farmers children.
siddaramaiah said that though many states are reeling under severe drought, the centre has not announced any benefit to manage the situation.
siddaramaiah said the central team, which toured 16 districts in the last three days, was convinced about the severity of drought in karnataka.
(source: ani photo)condemning the violence in mandsaur district of madhya pradesh where farmers are protesting over loan waiver and better price for their produce, home minister rajnathsingh on thursday said, the centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers and the common man.
chief minister ram said 80  of farmers had availed loans from commercial banks which come under the jurisdiction of the centre.
karnataka was not releasing water for its own farmers, as the available storage has been reserved to meet the drinking water needs of bengaluru and other cities, siddaramaiah told the team of 20 farmers associations from tamil nadu, led by former rajya sabha mp and the leader of dmks farmers wing, kp ramalingam.
siddaramaiah said that modi did not utter a word about farmers or poor in the rally.
speaking on the occasion, ashok chavan said the congress will fight for the farmers and push ahead with its demand to waive their crop loan.
lets resolve that by 2022 we will no longer have to import pulses i have been telling our universities our agricultural universities should take up each variety of pulses how to do research in it, how to do genetic engineering in it, how to increase productivity, how to increase protein content so that farmers get good prices, modi said.
as per the constitutional allocation of powers, the central government has no jurisdiction to impose tax on agricultural income, arunjaitley said in a statement.
the congress has planned a march on tuesday, the second day of the session, to protest against the governments inaction on farmer suicides, increasing agrarian distress and other issues.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis on thursday said the bharatiya janata party (bjp) was prepared for mid-term polls in the state, remarks that come as both friends and foes have sought to corner his government on the issue of farm-loan waiver.
bhopal: madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan (pti photo) bhopal: madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan (pti photo)in the wake of escalating farmers agitation, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan has said he will sit on a fast on saturday in order to bring about peace and that he will hear grievances of the agitated farmers, who have been protesting since june 1 demanding loan waiver and better prices for the farm produce, among other things.
gujarat chief minister vijayrupani on sunday announced changes in the norms for spending annual grant of rs 1 crore to each mla for local area development (lad) to help projects like swachh bharat mission and farmers market, as per the recommendations of the cabinet sub-committee.
when poor farmers of villages have started adopting digital payment, now they (middlemen) have started spreading new rumours, modi said.
recalling how the heavy monsoons this year had ruined arecanut crops in the coastal region, ram said that the scientists from university of agriculture sciences must come up with innovative technologies.
the upa government had waived off rs 70,000 crore loan of farmers.
we have agreed to set up a committee to allot agricultural land to tribals provided they submit proof of pre-2005 land cultivation, chief minister devendra fadnavis said.
bathinda deputy commissioner ghanshyamthori , who convened a meeting of senior officials of departments concerned, said whitefly-friendly weed would be destroyed under technical guidance from the agriculture department before march 11.
b'prime minister manmohansingh today said the government will focus on modernising the agricultural marketing system and brining in private players to this sector in the 12th five year plan beginning 2012.
nagaon deputy commissioner p. ashok ram said the initial drought-like situation pushed the administration to move dispur for timely initiative to safeguard the interest farmers and the government pledged to do so.
vardhan said, prime minister modi had asked multi-national companies to mix their carbonated drinks with fruit juices to help farmers of the country.
at the meeting of the bjp parliamentary party yesterday, prime minister narendramodi said the bill will benefit farmers and that the amendments brought by his government were based on suggestions and demands made by congress-ruled states and their chief ministers.
this was after the world bank took cognisance of the complaints filed by farmers in the amaravati region that the government had commandeered their land in the name of land-pooling to build the new capital city of amaravati, dr ram , who is also a member of the cess board of governors, said over telephone.
prime minister narendramodi said, the mandate given to him in 2019 elections was not just to run india but to create a new india, adding that the country had seen several positive developments in the last five-years during which the youth, women, farmers and the poor were put at the centre of governments programmes.
the committee that will be set up to monitor its implementation will have farmer representatives and ministers.
puttanniah said chief minister ram had said that the production of foodgrains in the state has declined by 15,000 tonnes, but he has not bothered to safeguard the farmers interest.
gandhi also told the government that if it helped the farmers by extending compensation, it will benefit it politically and not to us.
punjab is closely following the footsteps of uttar pradesh, where chief minister yogiadityanath announced a waiver of loans to farmers soon after taking charge.
claim: mr modi claimed that the governments schemes will double farmers income by 2022.
25pm: rahulgandhi says he spoke to the families of the deceased farmers on phone and conveyed condolences.
if khedut putra (son of farmer),sardar patel had become the first prime minister,this would not have happened to our farmers somehow,we took the wrong way, modi said addressing a gathering of farmers at krishi mahotsav in bharuch.
cm warns of action against usurious lendersjuly 19, 2015, bengaluru, dhns 1:16 istmoneylenders pressuring farmers for high rates of interest and eventually driving them to suicide will be held responsible for their death, chief minister siddaramaiah said on saturday.
the fund was released based on recommendations were by a high-level team of officials from the centre which visited drought-hit areas recently, union agriculture minister radhamohansingh told reporters here.
chief minister siddaramaiah , who launched the integrated marketing project, said that it was a revolutionary programme which will help make agriculture a profitable business.
nilekani also said that uid is working with the ministry of finance and the department of financial services on financial inclusion, with oil ministry on lpg subsidy reforms, with ministry of chemicals and fertilizers on fertilizer reforms, human resource development ministry on integration of aakash and department of telecom for providing aadhar as know your customer (kyc) for mobile connections.
you just count for 10 days our government will come up with policy to waive farmer debt, said gandhi.
farmers are being forced to die miserable deaths, bharatiya janata party (bjp) prime ministerial candidate narendra modi said on thursday in a region which often hits the headlines for farmer suicides.
agriculture patna: deputy chief minister modi said the centre should extend its full economic co-operation to the state to achieve the goal of a second green revolution.
we have been raising the issue of loan waiver from day one and now its time to take it to people, as the government only wants to road roll on our demands and ignore the concerns of farmers, ashok chavan, state president of congress told ht, after a joint meeting of opposition leaders.
while ram told reporters that the memorandum submitted by the state, asking for a financial assistance of rs 11,492 crore, has little to do with drought and more to do with structural programmes, pawar said that karnataka stood at a far comfortable position than what has been projected by shettar.
sugar minister h s ram said water resources minister m b patil would hold a meeting of sugar cane farmers and factory owners in bijapur on thursday to resolve local issues pertaining to payment of sugar cane dues.
partha paula day after the supreme court verdict on singur, chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday said farmers would get back their land within the stipulated time-frame set by the apex court and the land would also be made cultivable before being returned.
the congress government, on the other hand, had waived over rs 70,000 crore in farm loans across the country, he added.
he said while punjab was giving waiver of rs 2 lakh, the maharashtra government had announced loan waiver of rs 1.5 lakh, uttar pradesh and madhya pradesh rs 1 lakh each whereas rajasthan and karnataka government had announce waiver of rs 50,000 each.
we have written to ipc bank to examine amount as shown in list of beneficiaries with loan amount they had actually borrowed and the revised list with actual figure of loan amount should be further sent to state government to square accounts of farmers agriculture loan, assistant commissioner (cooperative) babu said.
emphasising the significance of the cooperative sector in development, chief minister devendra fadnavis said how the demonestisation drive was a leap forward to fix corruption and deliver results and dividends to hardworking farmers across rural maharashtra.
agriculture joint director g ram said that paddy crops in 600 hectares had been inundated in the ichchapruam region including kaviti and kanchili mandals.
confirming the date of the meeting, chief secretary nagar said that other proposals besides the loan waiver will be finalised on monday.
addressing a gathering after distributing farm-debt waiver certificates at his ancestral village, mehraj, amarindersingh said influential politicians and officials would also be taken to task if they were found involved in cases of sacrilege and police firing the arrest of the former ssp turned into a talking point at the event.
modi claimed that the waivers announced by the congress governments in the states would benefit a maximum of 20 to 30 per cent farmers, while his scheme would reach 90 to 95 per cent farmers.
kishore tiwari, chairman of vasantrao shetkari swavalamban mission, said this is because despite waiver, banks have still not started disbursing fresh credit to the farmers leaving them fund starved.
modi also said the government was committed to double farmers' income.
siddaramaiah said, agriculture, industry and service sectors are the major contributors to the gdp.
pm modi said the budget for a 'new india' has a roadmap to transform the agriculture sector of the country.
prime minister narendramodi on april 8 had announced higher compensation and government aid for farmers suffering due to unseasonable rains.
v s park , director, state drought monitoring cell said that it was good that paddy cultivation was reducing in the state.
at the same rally, congress president gandhi had said: the voice that is reverberating now across the country is of the farmers who are in deep distress and crisis.
referring to isros feat, modi said scientists had brought laurels to the nation and felt that the launch will be of great help in mapping of resources, evaluating development and help farmers.
siddaramaiah said 139 taluks in the state have been suffering from drought and the loss is estimated at rs 16,000 crore.
gundlupet government veterinary officer dr ram said due to drought over the past few years,the disease has spread.
siddaramaiah said the excess grants had helped those states to take up drought-relief works.
modis predecessor manmohan singh had waived farm loans worth rs 72,000 crore, ram said.
dr g v ram , an agriculture scientist attending the convention said: the government is not accepting readily available field data and experience on this dangerous pesticide.
ram ram , a political analyst and former professor, haryana agricultural university, hissar, said that the bjp is likely to emerge as the winner in the region.
we are ready to render all possible support to our farmers, babu said.
partys general secretary digvijaya singh asked: upa had waived loans of farmers worth rs 72,000 crore.
on the moves to amend the land acquisition act passed in 2013 during the upa rule, modi again said rumours were being circulated that compensation to farmers is being reduced.
the banks have not bothered to inform farmers about the amount credited to their accounts as part of the waiver benefits, fadnavis said during the meeting of the state level bankers committee (slbc), which represents all types of banks, at sahyadri guesthouse in mumbai.
these have been the two main demands of the farmers who are on a 10-day statewide strike.
now, we want to ensure 50  of the farmers avail the insurance, said modi.
fee waiver for farmers' kids in drought-hit areasdharwad, sep 22, 2013, dhns: 13:44 istchief minister ram on sunday announced that the state government would bear the educational fees of children of farmers of drought-affected areas in the state.
this story is from december 12, 2018picture used for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citybhopal: a year after the incident of firing in mandsaur leading to death of six farmers, the congress president rahulgandhi in june this year announced that the farmers loan would be waived within 10 days if his party comes to power in madhya pradesh.
talking to journalists after being stopped, rahulgandhi said, the narendra modi government and the shivraj singh chouhan government are both anti-farmer.
during a meeting with party leaders at the party office in guntur on monday, naidu said the inefficiency on part of the state government in handling farmer issues led to tillers protest against the government.
at the meeting of the bjp parliamentary party yesterday, prime minister modi said the bill will benefit farmers and that the amendments brought by his government were based on suggestions and demands made by congress-ruled states and their chief ministers.
pm-kisan, which will involve a cost of rs 75,000 crore, will eventually enable farmers to increase their income, modi claimed, adding that there would be no place for any syndicate or middlemen as money would be transferred directly into farmers accounts.
taking a dig at the congress-led upa government at the centre,modi said he had suggested to prime minister manmohan singh to launch waste water management and solid waste disposal projects to upgrade rural and agrarian economy.
pointing to farmer suicides and unemployment in the country, gandhi said the last three years were a betrayal of the mandate the government had received.
soon after the house assembled at 11am, leader of opposition indira hridayesh raised the issue saying if uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath could announce a loan waiver for farmers at the very first meeting of his cabinet, why the same cant be done in uttarakhand.
12:34pm: gandhi said to be heading towards mandsaur on a kutcha route through villages12:24pm: administration and police flustered at gandhi move12:23pm: congress workers present in huge numbers at nimbaheda to greet and welcome rahul gandhi12:21pm: nimbaheda is about 12 kilometres ahead of neemuch, one of the many centres of violence12:20pm: congress using farmers protest as a photo-op, says venkaiah naidu, dismisses demands for mp cms resignation12:16pm: special protection group accompanying congress v-p confirms gandhi is trying to enter mandsaur district via nimbaheda.
when farmers talk about loan waiver, (finance minister) arunjaitley says the centre does not have any policy for it.
both the governments used to pay rs 400 crore each as insurance premium for kharif and rabi crops, but the farmers were getting compensation worth only rs 150 crore, nitishkumar said.
(source: ani photo) rahul gandhi said he would force the bjp-led nda government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers.
echoing ravindranaths views, h c ram , president of advocates association of bengaluru, said, we have to give justice to the litigants and many of the litigants are farmers.
in madhya pradesh, where five farmers were shot dead by police during a protest on june 6, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said purchasing farm produce at rates lower than the minimum support price (msp) will be treated as a crime.
(source: ap)prime minister modi has asked 11 drought-hit states including maharashtra to take measures on a weekly basis for drought-proofing of villages till the monsoon arrives in the first week of june.
we'll certainly examine it (proposal for waiving farm loans), naveenpatnaik said.
modi said only 14 per cent farmers got the benefit of the crop insurance scheme for farmers in up because akhilesh does not feel it is any work.
at the function, yogiadityanath said, the 86 lakh farmers of uttar pradesh, whose loans are being waived, should be asked to plant 10 saplings each in order to increase the number of trees.
kerala chief minister oommenchandy asked the prime minister to allocate funding meant for programmes like 'beti bachao abhiyan' and 'jan dhan yojana' to develop the state's dwindling agriculture productivity.
crop sown not getting insurance is being taken up, ram said during zero hour, adding crop insurance coverage is being increased.
on reports that potato farmers were throwing their produce on roads in the state capital, yogiadityanath said, it (the reports) was an effort to give a message that government was not concerned about the potato growers, while this is the first government which has declared minimum support price for potato.
about the steps taken by government to protect farmers like setting up of enforcement cells at district level to keep a check on private money lenders and repayment of dues to sugarcane farmers, siddaramaiah said government is planning to constitute an expert committee.
if theres no loan waiver after that, we should put up a fight to ensure kumaraswamy is stripped of power, he said.
drawing an analogy between the economic acumen of indira gandhi and modi, ram said the former took a revolutionary step to nationalise 14 banks in 1969 to enable farmers, daily-wagers and others to avail benefits of banking.
(source: ani_news/twitter) shivrajsinghchouhan said his government was pro-farmer and recalled efforts underway to make farming a profitable business in mp.
siddaramaiah also said that the prime minister promised him to study the proposal on granting fund and take immediate steps to release rs 723 crore for disbursal among farmers who have suffered crop loss during the rabi season.
addressing farmers in the state through all india radio from bengaluru, ram said it had come to the fore that the dramatic rise in farmer suicides in the last few days was due to their exploitation by mercenary moneylenders charging high rates of interest.
referring to the pm fasal bima yojna introduced for the benefit of people, modi said though bjp-ruled states like chhattisgarh and haryana have made 50 per cent achievement, only 14 per cent farmers got it in up.
chief minister ram had said that the production of foodgrains in the state has declined by 15,000 tonnes, but he has not bothered to safeguard the interest of farmers.
with the maharashtra government set to expand the scope of its farm loan waiver scheme ahead of the state polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis told that the legislative assembly thursday that this could cost the state exchequer an additional rs 8,000 crore.
b'backing chief minister ram on the issue of cauvery water sharing with tamil nadu, janata dal (secular) national secretary general danish ali on sunday said when farmers and the common man are distressed and even drinking water is not available in cauvery catchment areas, how can the karnataka government release the river waters.
addressing a rally in february, modi said farmers are his top priority and explained that  top means tomato, onion and potato.
therefore, we have come up with this new idea so that the villagers can save their agricultural produce and also take shelter during the floods, tinsukia deputy commissioner s.s. meenakshi ram told the telegraph today.
noting that they reviewed the full range of bilateral relationship, modi said the two sides will encourage industry and business in both countries to take lead in exploiting opportunities in healthcare, tourism, information technology, agriculture, blue economy and energy.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis maharashtra cm devendra fadnavischief minister devendra fadnavis on saturday stressed that fresh crop loans for the ensuing kharif season should be handed over to farmers on a mission mode to ensure that most small and marginal farmers find a place in the institutional credit mechanism.
in order to make the economy of any country strong, one needs to have three pillars of equal strength: one-third each for agriculture, manufacturing and service sectors, he said.
while deepak (23), a farmer, said he cannot afford a solar lamp, kaushalya devi (70) showed her solar light, which barely illuminates a part of the small room.
follow our election coverage hereassuring the farmers in particular, modi said: the nda government, soon after being voted to power for a second time, will start working on priority to double the income of farmers by 2022.
in a bid to counter patel who has been raising the issue of suicides by farmers,modi also announced to hold a series of farmer development conventions at all the 115 dam sites in the region before october 7,when the cm completes 11 years in office.
because, if a farmer joins the scheme, he will get a huge help during a natural calamity, modi said.
chief minister siddaramaiah who was in a hurry to return to the state capital to chair an all party meeting, said the government decided to keep the festivities low key as the state is battling continuous droughts.
picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: all bihar districts would get dedicated feeders for agriculture in the next two years, deputy chief minister modi said on wednesday.
12:34pm: rahulgandhi said to be heading towards mandsaur on a kutcha route through villages12:24pm: administration and police flustered at rahulgandhi move12:23pm: congress workers present in huge numbers at nimbaheda to greet and welcome rahul gandhi12:21pm: nimbaheda is about 12 kilometres ahead of neemuch, one of the many centres of violence12:20pm: congress using farmers protest as a photo-op, says venkaiah naidu, dismisses demands for mp cms resignation12:16pm: special protection group accompanying congress v-p confirms rahulgandhi is trying to enter mandsaur district via nimbaheda.
gandhi had earlier said he will not let prime minister narendra modi sleep until all farmer loans have been waived off.
the statement of the agriculture minister that preparation of seeds is not as easy as preparing upma and idli stands testimony for the governments lack of sincerity towards the farmers, babu said adding that the propaganda on babu works and cancellation of the projects taken up during the tdp regime were a loss to the farming community.
successive crop failure and expenditure on health, marriages and other social ceremonies are major reasons for indebtedness of farmers in the country, agriculture minister radhamohansingh said during question hour.
the target for agricultural credit in 2017-18 has been fixed at a record level of rs 10 lakh crore, arunjaitley said in his budget speech.
elaborating on his fate line comment, modi said the tunnel will greatly benefit the people of kashmir, particularly the farmers who would suffer losses because their produce like fruits and vegetables would perish due to prolonging of their journeys from the valley to other parts of the country.
chief minister devendra fadnavis said the decision was historic as the farmers who could not benefit from the loan waiver given by the previous government in 2008-09 have been incorporated in the waiver announced by the present government.
on the cooperative departments appeal to the government to expedite the loan waiver, amarindersingh said the commission set up by his government to ascertain the quantum of farm loans in the state and to work out the modalities for their waiver would soon come out with its recommendations in thematter.
talking to toi from yavatmal after a crop review meeting, tiwari said psu banks have reached barely 7% of their crop loan target in the district.
on tuesday, rahulgandhi had said the opposition will not rest till the narendra modi government waives farm loans across the country.
when sheikhamma bi, a farmer, told the chief minister that they were getting wages only once in 15 days, ram told her that he would see to it that the workers get paid every week.
modi, who has set a target of doubling farmers income by 2022, said work was underway on reforming the agriculture market.
piloting the legislation, agriculture minister radhamohansingh said the bill only shows the commitment of the modi government towards northeastern states.
the congress party will continue to expose the failures of the modi government, ram said adding for the congress party in terms of substance, the greatest damage that modi has done to indian agriculture and to indian farmers is the amendments to the land acquisition law of 2013 and open the doors to land grab.
he was general secretary of district, and he always stood for the poor farmers and youth, yogiadityanath said.
we will bring policies to facilitate investment by the corporate sector in agriculture, modi said.
captain amarindersingh , who was part of the congress delegation led by partys national vice president rahul gandhi, said farmers, burdened with loans, were committing suicide in punjab and other parts of the country.
prime minister manmohan singh says that 70 per cent farmers are not required, and should be moved out of agriculture.
a day after painting a grim picture of indias farming during the inauguration of the meet,modi said,the government of india has helped us identify progressive farmers from each district of the country.
apologising for not visiting families of those farmers who have ended their lives, owing to the ongoing legislative session, ram said he would do so once the session concluded.
although chief minister siddaramaiah claimed that the government has already distributed nearly rs 4,100 crore as relief to farmers who lost their crop, it's been a case of so near, yet so far.
prime minister modi , while addressing kisan morcha karyakartas of karnataka through modi (namo) app, said that a change in the government is needed to bring changes in the farmer's condition.
badal repeatedly said that be it any party sad-bop or congress governments in the state,the fault is of the centre on all issues of debt waiver,loans and step-motherly treatment of punjab.
, modi said while addressing a massive convention of farmers at devla village,about 65 km from rajkot.
we have agreed to enhance our engagement in several areas including in agriculture, renewable energy, and power sector, said modi in a joint address to the media with suu kyi.
chief minister yogiadityanath on thursday said the state government had decided to waive off electricity surcharge for farmers in west uttar pradesh.
modi also said it was important to tackle the trade deficit with china and appreciated the simplification of regulatory procedures by the chinese side, especially for non-basmati rice, sugar, agricultural products and pharmaceuticals.
earlier, union home minister rajnathsingh told the gathering that the nda government had raised the amount of compensation to farmers who suffered due to vagaries of nature.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the schemes are oriented to make farmers self-reliant and double their income.
chief minister yogiadityanath in a statement in the assembly on tuesday said that his government has decided to provide subsidy to potato farmers for transportation of their produce to other places for better prices.
the bidding process and final bid price are prominently displayed to the farmers on a lcd screen in the auction floor, ram said.
p kumarravi , another curry leaf farmer from madhanur, said half of his six-acre plantation has wilted.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on saturday announced the setting up of commission which would assess the input cost of agriculture produce, and said he was pained to see the violence in the state during the farmers agitation.
we managed to stop it from spreading to paliem, said cashew farmer ram however, farmers are not sure about the arambol site, where the fire was still raging.
(ap photo)in his mann ki baat on november 26, prime minister narendramodi asked farmers to cut urea consumption by half by 2022.
maharashtra chief minister prithvirajchavan today said suspended work of the contentious closed water pipeline project at maval,which led to a violent protest recently,would not be recommenced till the misgivings of the affected farmers were removed.
modi said the budget has distinct focus on farmers, youth, poor, neo-middle class and the aam nagrik (common man).
methods like per drop, more crop of irrigation are vital and have helped farmers immensely, modi said.
but the scheme never took off due to change in the government at the centre, agriculture minister radhamohansingh told reporters here.
action will be taken as per law, against all those (mills) not abiding by the law, ram told reporters here in response to a question that a few mill owners - who are ministers in his cabinet - are allegedly not abiding by rules about payment of dues to sugarcane farmers.
the 20 key promises made by the congress-led upa government, including police reforms, subsidised community kitchen, social security, model schools, increase in minimum support price to the farmers and womens reservation bill, have not yet been realised even after 10 years, said naidu.
drought management was a challenge that my government faced with.
this has gone a long way in tackling the agrarian crisis.
to heal cracked heels, the onion is mashed and the paste is applied in a poultice to the heels, says deepak , a farmer.
moreover, farmers could now pay electricity bills in four installments in a year, if the amount is above rs 10,000, energy minister shrikant ram said.
(source: ani photo) rajnathsingh on thursday said the centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers and the common man.
we are going to waive farm loans, gandhi told the media here asserting that his party would fulfil the promise of waving loans of farmers in all the three states within 10 days of coming to power.
siddaramaiah said the centre has been asked to release rs 4,500 crore to state under national disaster relief fund as 139 taluks are reeling under drought.
on charges of ap copying telangana schemes, naidu said andhra pradesh achieved 11  growth in agriculture and allied sectors in the last four years whereas the overall growth of telangana stands at 0.
no objectionearlier, agriculture minister ram said his department had no objection to the proposal to supply ragi and jowar through the pds.
the requirement of funds for the infrastructure, agriculture, horticulture, animal husbandry, women and child development, health and education sectors in the region is rs 16,000 crore, ram said.
gandhi, while addressing the 'kisan rally' here, said: cbi director alok verma was removed at midnight.
tough to waive crop loans, says siddaramaiahbengaluru, feb 28, 2016, dhns: 1:54 istchief minister siddaramaiah , who held a pre-budget meeting with farmer leaders and representatives on saturday, said that it would be difficult for the state government to waive crop loans entirely.
when asked about union agriculture minsiter radha mohan singh's controversial statement that love affairs were a cause for farmers' suicide, ram said it was being misinterpreted.
the nda government's ally at the centre said modi has announced credit to a foreign country at a time when hapless farmers, who are reeling under debt from banks and private moneylenders are waiting for financial aid from government.
the problems of water and fodder supply in drought-hit areas would be taken up on a war footing, gandhi said while interacting with farmers and labourers in the drought hit villages of aurangabad in maharashtra.
by ptirajnandgaon: if the congress was voted to power in chhattisgarh, it will write off farmers' debts within 10 days, party president rahulgandhi said friday.
action will be taken as per law, against all those (mills) not abiding by the law, siddaramaiah told reporters here in response to a question that a few mill owners - who are ministers in his cabinet - are allegedly not abiding by rules about payment of dues to sugarcane farmers.
asked whether farmers would had to give up hopes of cultivation in the given situation in most parts of the state, park said, rainy season is like gambling.
(file photo)as farmers in some parts of maharashtra on thursday went on a strike, chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government was trying to resolve the issue through talks but the opposition congress and ncp were instigating them for political gains.
in 2013, more than 3,000 farmers in the state ended their lives, according to records, but people in the know claim the ncrb does not reflect ground realities.
according to reports, modi told pawar that fadnavis would take a call on loan waiver.
compensation to farmers after joint survey report: cmapril 18, 2015, gangavati (koppal dist), dhns 2:32 istcompensation to farmers for the crops they have lost to unseasonal rain in five districts of the hyderabad-karnataka region would be given once officials of agriculture and revenue departments conduct a joint survey and submit a detailed report, chief minister ram said on friday.
may these festivals bring abundance of happiness and prosperity in the lives of our hardworking farmers, modi said.
apcthe proposed agriculture price commission (apc) was before the cabinet subcommittee, siddaramaiah said.
i am confident that this statue will become a centre to improve agriculture as well as the lives of local tribals here, modi said.
earlier, uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath had announced crop loan write-offs of not more than rs 1 lakh, costing the exchequer almost rs 36,000 crore.
chief minister ram , who described puttaiah as a model farmer, said, though the latter lacks education (he quit studies while in class eight), he has vast experience in agriculture.
during the meeting held at the punjab bhawan here, cm amarindersingh said officials should make all-out efforts to ensure timely and full procurement of every single grain from farmers, who had suffered a harrowing time last year due to an ill-conceived agricultural policy of the erstwhile sad-bjp government.
admitting that it was not enough, amarindersingh said total farm loan was rs 60,000 crore and punjab cannot pay this much.
raising the issue of farmers during zero hour a day after his visit to mandis in punjab, gandhi said he wanted to apprise the house of the pain and problems of the state's farmers whose produce is lying in mandis and is not being procured by the government.
speaking to reporters after holding a video-conference to review the drought relief work with deputy commissioners and chief executive officers of zilla panchayats of 12 districts of north karnataka, ram said the initial response from maharashtra had been positive.
chief minister ram reportedly said on wednesday that the farmer had died due to excessive consumption of liquor and that his government was not responsible for the farmers death.
farmers are a worried lot and government should come to their help by initiating drought relief works in the state, ram said.
union urban development minister naidu in gandhinagar on monday announced that the centre will decide on relaxing guidelines to pay compensation to farmers who sustained 25 per cent to 50 percent damage to their crops.
we have set up an agriculture price commission with rs.1,000 crore revolving support price fund for market intervention to ensure farmers do not suffer losses in the event of prices for their crops fall below production cost, siddaramaiah said.
addressing a rally on friday in ganj basoda, gandhi said modi has failed to fulfil his promise of giving jobs to two crore youths and ensuring remunerative prices to farmers for their produce.
on claims that names of many farmers have not figured in waiver lists, amarindersingh said names of only those had not been figured in the lists where some anomalies in names were there and the farmers should approach authorities concerned for corrections and waiver would be provided to the deserving farmers.
mansa, punjab: launching the much-awaited controversial loan waiver scheme for farmers, punjab chief minister amarinder singh on sunday said his government would also waive loans of farm labourers.
niti aayog vice-chairman arvindpanagariya niti aayog vice-chairman arvind panagariyaniti aayog vice-chairman arvindpanagariya today said there is a need to formulate proper policies to ensure farmers get better prices for produce and asserted that there is no question of taxing their income.
prime minister modi who held series of meeting with chief ministers of several states on drought and crop loss issue recently, also said the government will come out with a scheme to address the perennial drought-prone areas.
as infrastructural jobs reach rural india, the dependency on agriculture may come down, ram said.
after this they forget panth, punjab and all issues, including those of the farmers and return empty handed, jakhar alleged.
reap crop insurance benefit: pm modibelagavi: feb 28, 2016, dhns: 1:43 istthe centre will not hesitate to spend for the welfare of farmers, said prime minister modi , as he set out to explain details of the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana at a farmers convention in belagavi on saturday.
commenting on the farmers protest, mr singh said on saturday that people are doing stunts, trying to do something unique.
on his way to haveri, siddaramaiah told mediapersons at the airport here on thursday that only 20 per cent of farmers have borrowed from cooperative sector, while 80 per cent of loans are from the nationalised banks.
modi, who is addressing the summit along with us president barack obama, said heavy investments in infrastructure and agriculture will improve economy.
chief minister siddaramaiah , while replying to a debate on the issue in the assembly, said the arecanut farmers need not panic following the ban.
we could work as coolies but this year there is no work due to the drought, says b ram , a farmer from kambaladinne in pedda kadubur mandal.
with the help of other farmers, i managed to rescue her but she had been injured severely by then, gandhi said.
but after coming to power, they have taken an anti-farmer stand and diluted certain provisions in the law which have made the farmers rudderless, said nitishkumar , addressing the jd-u workers rally on the occasion of his birthday.
gandhi said the agriculture loans of farmers in madhya pradesh, including the kin of former chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, have been waived by the congress government in the state.
he said it is because he is in a coalition government, but he wouldn't go back on his promise of completely waiving all the loans, said kodihalli chandrashekhar, the chief of krrs, a farmers' body.
questioning the centres intent to rescue the beleaguered farmers, amarinder singh asked, if a bankrupt state like punjab could do its bit for a loan waiver, why could the centre not come up with a waiver scheme?
badal said a panel for farmers cause would be a real tribute to lok nayak jai prakash narayan.
jaipur: rajasthan chief minister vasundhararaje on thursday said it was first time in the history of the state that a government has waived farm loans of up to rs 50,000.
it will do nothing for poor farmers, he added.
we would also be happy to share best practices in organic farming with kenyan farmers, prime minister modi said in a statement following the talks.
in his memorandum to the team, ram said 119 human lives has been lost since april 2013 and 11,536 houses damaged; 1,33,572 hectare agriculture crops damaged at an estimated loss of 320.
rahul gandhi said he would force the bjp-led nda government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers.
i have been criticised on this but i am of the view that farming has become unviable due to land under agriculture shrinking and the number of people dependent on it growing.
4:50 pm: home minister rajnathsingh said the centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers and the common man.
while modi has failed to help us, rahul gandhi was here to assuage our pain, said ram , a wheat farmer at khanna wholesale market in the northern indian state of punjab.
in four days, the price crashed from rs 100 per kg to rs 65 per kg, said s ram , a farmer from maharajapuram near tirukkattupalli.
clarifying on the assistance to be given to farmers affected from hailstorms and pink bollworm attack, fadnavis said the survey has been completed and actual disbursement is in process.
aware that the government is often being criticised following the suicide of farmers, naveenpatnaik said: we are the only state to have doubled farmers' income in the last decade.
our endeavour is to lead the revival of coconut farming and provide support to farmers with scientific protocols for value addition and processing, babu said.
reacting to union minister d v sadananda gowdas statement that the chief minister had been making politically motivated statements with regard to drought relief funds, ram said it was gowda who was lying and trying to gain political mileage out of the issue.
addressing a gathering in old ankola town, mr. gandhi said instead of helping farmers and the poor through loan waiver, mr. modi was only interested in helping loan defaulters and had waived thousands of crores of loans of businessmen.
prime minister modi has said that steps will be taken to double the incomes of farmers in five years.
mla park told reporters that the district was facing its worst drought and drinking water crisis in recent times.
the decision is to facilitate farmers who have not been able to file online applications for various reasons.
instead of joining the journey of the states development,they continue to spread lies, modi said while addressing farmers at the launch of 9th krishi mahotsav 2013 in radhanpur,patan district.
chief minister mamatabanerjee announced this on tuesday while speaking at a programme in kolkata, which was organised to felicitate farmers for their contribution in agriculture.
punjab chief minister amarindersingh said the project would help in addressing the problem of the environmental pollution due to stubble burning besides providing additional income to farmers by helping turn the unmanageable agro-waste into raw material for producing bio fuel.
nagpur: educating students and farmers on innovations that are taking place in the world are of utmost importance as the agriculture sector is in total disarray mainly due to lack of coordination and flexibility between the central and state agencies which give advise on various issues, said s ram , former director of tata institute of social sciences, mumbai, on friday.
blaming the then upa-ii government for its flawed policies at an election rally in sujanpur tira, modi had said, the farmers work hard, cultivate apples.
despite recurring droughts and a severe water crisis in marathwada and vidarbha, maharashtra remained a most favoured destination for investors, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday while launching mission drinking water.
siddaramaiah said the districts of belagavi, dharwad and gadag were facing severe drought and groundwater has been depleted.
union home minister rajnathsingh on thursday said there were reports of anti-social elements instigating the madhya pradesh farmers agitation, which led to the police firing that claimed five lives.
prime minister modi has asked the top officials to move fast to approach the aiib for loans for some of the flagship projects of his government, particularly in agriculture, rural housing and railway sectors.
pointing out that karnataka was witnessing one of its worst droughts in the last 46 years, siddaramaiah said the state government had sought rs 4,702 crore from the centre for drought relief works.
reiterating his government's commitment to double the income of farmers by 2022, modi said that this requires to focus on fisheries, animal husbandry, horticulture, fruits, and vegetables.
i want to ensure it is done scientifically benefiting maximum number of farmers.
perhaps seeking to counter this claim, modi said, economic growth has meaning only if it empowers the poor, farmers, women, as well as the middle and neo-middle classes of all communities.
he said the loan waiver for distressed farmers should be on the scale of the upas bailout package of 2008, at todays prices.
we will not let a factory (power plant) come up here until and unless farmers are paid compensation as per the coming bill of parliament, amarindersingh said,while accusing badals of speeding up the acquisitions for personal gains.
prime minister narendramodi on saturday announced setting up of a high-powered task force to bring structural reforms in agrarian sector in the country, said niti aayogs vice-chairman rajiv kumar.
chandigarh: addressing a protest rally at chandigarh on tuesday, former punjab chief minister parkash singh badal advised farmers not to pay their debt stating that his successor captain amarinder singh had given them sworn affidavits stating he would pay their debts.
reiterating the decision to hike milk procurement price for farmers by re 1 from existing rs 4 to rs 5 per litre of milk, siddaramaiah said the new price will come into effect from december 10.
farmers should have confidence as the government is with them, ram said.
responding to a question from s r vishwanath (bjp), ram said farmers, from whom 1,810 acres had been acquired for the project, would be given an option of either financial compensation or sites.
after a survey of crop loss and amid mounting criticism from the congress and resentment shown by the farmers, chief minister park announced a rs 600 crore relief for cotton growers.
modi also said that food processing, dairy, agriculture and the related areas, including their supply chain, have a lot of scope for cooperation.
komul aims to double productionshidlaghatta, apr 3, 2012, dhns: 2:04 istkolar-chikkaballapur milk union has ensured that dividends reach the farmers directly through its transparent administration, said dr m n ram , the managing director of the karnataka milk federation on tuesday.
we spend a lot of money to import lentils and (edible) oils and we must resolve to raise production so that we become self-sufficient in the next 10 years, modi said after launching a tv channel for farmers.
the government should give `5 lakh cash to the family of a farmer who commits suicide, a job offer, besides waving the debts, said jagmohan singh, state secretary of the bharatiya kisan union, punjab.
those opposing the bill want three conditions incorporated in it no forcible acquisition of land from farmers, mandatory social impact assessment and clarity on industrial corridor.
45 crore allotted to operationalise the horticulture mission last year, union agriculture minister radhamohansingh said on september 2 and hoped the state would use the entire amount received from the centre this year.
if every farmer can grow a few trees, he adds to his income, while the country cuts down import, modi said.
b'gujarat chief minister vijayrupani (file photo) gujarat chief minister vijayrupani (file photo)gujarat chief minister vijayrupani on friday said that the state government was helping mitigate losses by purchasing their commodities at minimum support price (msp) but added that he wants farmers to upscale their production further and earn dollars by exporting their produce.
bhopal: before ending his 28-hour-long fast, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan today announced a series of measures for farmers, including declaring purchase of farm produce below the minimum support a criminal act.
union home minister rajnathsingh on friday said that the nation cannot be prosperous unless the farmers of the country earn more.
talking of farmers, modi said the congress had no interest in doing good for farmers.
responding to clarifications from members, ram said the government will constitute an agriculture price commission soon and come to the rescue of arecanut, coconut, coffee and cotton growers in distress.
number one was jobs, number two - corruption, (and) number three - farmers.
punjab chief minister amarindersingh said, when farmers, who feed the nation, are forced to take to streets to draw attention to their pitiable condition, then it does not augur well for the country.
whether it is the ration of the poor of the country, and of poor farmers, or deals relating to defence of the country, whoever has taken commission, their numbers are coming down one after other, modi said.
magisterial probe into kudagi firingbelgaum, july 7, 2014, dhns: 1:50 istchief minister siddaramaiah on sunday said the government has ordered a magisterial inquiry into the police firing in which two farmers sustained bullet injuries, but ruled out shelving of the thermal power plant project, which is facing opposition by farmers.
we will form government in uttar pradesh, will waive loans of small farmers, modi said.
i myself being a son of a farmer, i empathise with you, siddaramaiah said, while appealing to them not to allow their mind to be weakenedby distress.
tough to waive crop loans, says siddaramaiahbengaluru, feb 28, 2016, dhns: 1:54 istchief minister ram , who held a pre-budget meeting with farmer leaders and representatives on saturday, said that it would be difficult for the state government to waive crop loans entirely.
why they don't help farmers in distress, modi said addressing an election rally at rohaniya, on the outskirts of his parliamentary constituency varanasi.
delivering the 38th edition of his 'mann ki baat', prime minister narendramodi said, can our farmers take a pledge to bring down urea use by half by 2022?
speaking about the enormous hike in price of fertilisers, gandhi told the large number of farmers present in the rally that the bjp was always opposed to foreign direct investment for the interest of small traders in the country.
while chief minister naveen patnaik thanked farmers for agreeing to leave their land for the refinery project, modi said: the paradip project has shown that farmers here are ready to give their land so that lakhs of youths get jobs, he added.
raje said in this scheme, after waiving off interest and penalty on overdue loan till september 30, 2017, of small and marginal farmers, loan up to rs 50,000 have been waived off from the remaining loan.
15: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh today announced setting up of a regional centre of the national centre of organic farming (ncof), headquartered in ghaziabad, uttar pradesh, to promote organic farming.
on the allegations relating to the lynching of a dairy farmer in alwar in rajasthan and similar incidents, ram said law and order was a state subject.
new delhi, may 26, 2015, (pti): 18:21 istmaking a strong pitch for growth of farmers, prime minister modi today said the country cannot move forward without their progress and called for increase in crop productivity by 50 percent.
regarding scrapping criminal cases pending against the farmers for staging demonstration to press for their various demands, ram said he would take the decision after reviewing the cases.
karnataka chief minister h.d. kumaraswamy, his deputy g. parameshwara and chief secretary ratnaprabha (left) during a meeting with the farmers on the issue of loan waiver, in bangalore on wednesday.
cong won't allow govt to take land of farmers easily: rahulanantapur (ap), july 24, 2015, pti: 12:58 isthitting out at the nda government over the contentious land bill, congress vice president rahulgandhi today said he would not let prime minister narendra modi take farmers' land easily.
making a suo moto statement today in lok sabha on the trade pact clinched at the wto meeting at geneva last night, commerce minister nirmalasitharaman said besides accepting its concerns on public stockholding, the deal by the 160-member body allows india to continue with its policy to provide minimum support price to farmers.
chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)asserting that he was not against a loan waiver for farmers, chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday said it wasnt a lasting solution for their problems and that the state government had made investments worth rs 30,500 crore to make farmers self-reliant in the state.
farmers in karnataka have hugely benefited from the scheme, says pm.
mr fadnavis said while he was not opposed to the idea of a complete loan waiver, it was a decision that had to be taken at an appropriate time.
reviewing the situation, chief minister naveenpatnaik asked the agriculture and allied departments to prepare a contingency plan and get prepared for any eventuality.
(photo: pti)the punjab cm noted that the central government had failed to provide any relief to the farmers suffering from the agrarian crisis which was a result of the antagonistic policies of the bjp-led central government.
modi said that the pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana would offer credit cards, which could be used to offset any crisis and eventually help in preventing suicides among farmers and other poor sections.
prime minister narendramodi had recently said the new uttar pradesh government would take a decision on a loan waiver scheme for farmers of the state.
earlier, attacking the narendra modi government on demonetisation, congress president rahulgandhi on wednesday said that the note ban policy has destroyed lives of crores of farmers.
new delhi, may 26, 2015, (pti): 18:21 istmaking a strong pitch for growth of farmers, prime minister narendramodi today said the country cannot move forward without their progress and called for increase in crop productivity by 50 percent.
he used to wear rose and had the knowledge of gardens but did not know about farmers or farming, due to which the community faced hardship, modi said, without naming nehru.
dh news service, bengaluru, jun 10 2017, 1:10 istchief minister siddaramaiah announced that he would meet the president to seek his assent for karnatakas land reforms bill which provides for giving agriculture labourers rights over houses built on land not belonging to them.
the ruling bjp does seem to have realized that climate change and droughts are a growing concern, and prime minister narendramodi announced a separate ministry for water called jal shakti.
this year the state has implemented mega agricultural debt, waiver and debt relief scheme to benefit around 6 million farmers but as the state has no direct control over functioning psu banks, it failed to give timely and sufficient credit to needy and debt rapped farmers, said tiwari.
open to changes in land bill that benefit poor: pmnew delhi: may 28, 2015, dhns 2:14 istparties should keep aside political motives: modiamendments in the land acquisition bill in the interest of farmers, poor, village and nation will be accepted, prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday asserting that along with gst bill the measure will be passed by parliament in a matter of time.
the distribution of food grains in the villages will ensure not a single farmer goes to sleep hungry, he added.
yeddyurappa said bjp would stand by the people and expose the corruption (file)opposition bjp on monday regretted that karnataka governor vajubhai vala's address to the joint session of the legislature was mum on the farm loan waiver by the jd-s-congress coalition government.
sources said it will not be practically possible to write off the entire loan amount, but ram may announce a partial loan waiver, thus offering some relief to small and marginal farmers, reeling under severe drought.
by ptileh: attacking the congress over its promise of farm loan waiver, prime minister modi said on sunday that the party uses the measure only to win elections.
addressing a public rally in guwahati, modi said farmers were crucial to his vision of a new india where no area will remain undeveloped.
to fill the gap in storage capacity requirements, nabard should interact with private sector players, pranabmukherjee said, addressing the foundation day of national bank for agriculture and rural development, the apex bank for agriculture sector loans in the country.
by ptirajnandgaon: if the congress was voted to power in chhattisgarh, it will write off farmers' debts within 10 days, party president gandhi said friday.
the recent rain has only replenished our hopes of better days with enough water for the crop, said madan , a farmer in hagarigollahalli in the taluk.
stating that her apprehensions have been proven true, mamatabanerjee said rampant job loss has been reported from across the country with the agriculture and unorganised sectors being the worst hit.
by ptinew delhi: the bjp government is sincerely working to solve the problems faced by farmers, who were treated merely as vote bank by previous governments, prime minister modi said at the saffron party's national convention here saturday.
smaller plots are more expensive to cultivate and small farmers have higher consumption patterns, according to economists.
recently, chief minister devendrafadnavis had told the state assembly that at least 86 hectare of land and 82 lakh farmers in 151 talukas and 20 revenue circles were affected by drought this year, which means at least 60 per cent of farmers have been hit by drought.
39 pm: agriculture sector needs evergreen revolution sadakaal haritkaal, says pm modi.
by express news servicebhubaneswar: urging people to vote for bjp and oust the bjd government to ensure speedy development of the state, union home minister rajnathsingh on friday announced that all farmers will be provided interest free loan of rs 1 lakh for five years if the saffron party comes to power in odisha.
in a recent letter to the prime minister, siddaramaiah said his government is willing to consider waiving 50  of farm loans extended by co-operative banks if the centre accepts his request.
kr ram , congress floor leader, said though the state government had promised that it would not allow hydrocarbon project in neduvasal, it was not clear how agreements entered into between the local farmers with the ongc for acquiring the lands would be cancelled.
the animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders, arunjaitley said at a press conference, adding, this is the only effect of the notification.
the controversy comes just days after uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath announced rs 36,350-crore farm loan waiver and punjab cm capt amarinder singh set up an expert group to assess the agriculture debt and suggest ways for its waiver to help farmers.
finance minister arun jaitley has said his government will analyse and address rural india's issues, even going to the extent of saying that spending on rural india and agriculture is not populism.
radha mohan singh (bjp), akash singh (rlsp)union agriculture minister radhamohansingh , who is serving his fifth term as an mp from purvi champaran, earlier known as motihari, has announced this to be his last election.
party senior spokesperson c p ram said the modi government in three years of being in power has put the agriculture sector in the icu as it is gripped with widespread distress and farmers are committing suicide due to bjps anti-farmer policies and its callous approach.
fortunately, union finance minister arun jaitley has said that the centre will not extend any further assistance for farm loan waiver which would have otherwise been hugely inflationary while bringing down the economys already sluggish growth rate.
siddaramaiah said an all-party delegation will soon be taken to prime minister narendra modi, urging him to come to the rescue of the farmers.
by providing pos machines to traders, we will help farmers buy farm inputs without cash, fadnavis said.
naidu, who also discussed the issue with agriculture minister radhamohan singh, said tobacco and arecanut are two important cash crops in the country and in many parts, the livelihood of farmers depend on them.
the developments come a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that maharashtra government will come out with a loan waiver for farmers before october 31, which will benefit 1.
'defence food lab should work for farmers'mysuru, may 8, 2016, dhns: 23:57 istunion defence minister manoharparrikar on sunday said he has directed the defence food research laboratory (dfrl) authorities to utilise their technical skills for the benefit of local farmers and producers to increase their economic status.
my government is firmly behind the farmers in distress in parts of maharashtra and a total of rs 7,000 crore would be spent to tackle it, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced in the assembly, replying to a debate on the biting scarcity in many of the state's 48,000 villages.
in a letter to the pm, amarindersingh said the total farm debt in punjab is more than rs 80,000 crore, including the crop loans of rs 12,500 in the cooperative sector.
it is evident that the issue is being deliberately politicized, with the farming community also being unnecessarily dragged into the whole affair.
later in the day, punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal said payment to farmers for their harvest would flow electronically from tuesday, and rs 4,000 crore would be disbursed with 24 hours.
in the run-up to the elections, his party had promised to effect a complete loan waiver within 24hours of coming to power.
(source: express photo by rana simranjit singh)punjab chief minister park on saturday said people need to understand that the state government does have its limitations when dealing with certain issues, particularly those related to farmers.
in this situation, the centre will have to step in to help the farmers, said siddaramaiah.
modi said president karimov was also supportive of strengthening ongoing cooperation in the areas of agriculture, information technology and energy.
the new capital region will be just 18km from the krishna riverfront and the farmers who part with their fertile land in this region will benefit immensely, babu said, trying to allay their fears.
pm modi said he believes the only way to provide relief to distressed farmers is through a successful and effective crop insurance scheme.
in an apparent reference to congress, smritiirani said, the naamdaars (dynasts) who ruled for 55 years, have never thought about development of amethi and about farmers.
once we are voted to power again all farmers would be covered under financial assistance scheme instead of present coverage to farmers having land holdings up to five acres, modi said.
stop bringing in farmers on the issue of black money, farmers money is white and there is no tax on their money, said arunjaitley in lok sabha during the discussion on the specified bank notes (cessation of liabilities) bill, 2017.
bikaner: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh today said 'the pradhan mantri krishi sinchayee yojna (pmksy)' will help deal with the menace of drought as more area will be covered under the irrigation scheme.
it has not given funds for drinking water and fodder, which we had sought, siddaramaiah said, adding that the state would spend any amount of money to meet the requirements of drinking water and fodder during drought.
d ram (cpi) said the government was waiving loans of other sectors and asked why it couldnt do the same for farmers.
last week, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced in the assembly that farmers need not worry; we will buy doda chura from them and burn it.
chief minister siddaramaiah recently said the state had suffered a crop loss of rs 25,000 crore.
in khandwa district, a 55-year old farmer jaipal singh consumed pesticide on friday.
however nagar said that he had voluntarily disclosed to the i-t team the full and factual details including the sale of an agricultural land for rs 1.
sanjeev kumar vermasushil kumar modipatna: deputy chief minister modi on monday said weeding out middlemen from government schemes, ending dependence on kerosene lamps and enhancing farmers' income would be the three main achievements of the government in 2018.
almost two years after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced rs 34,000-crore farm loan waiver, district central cooperative banks (dccbs) seem to have benefited more than the nationalised banks under the scheme.
new delhi: with newly formed congress governments in mp and chhattisgarh clearing farm loan waivers, party chief rahulgandhi said the opposition will not let pm narendra modi sleep at night till he announces agriculture loan amnesty nationally.
hyderabad: ma&ud minister kt ram said on saturday that people of andhra pradesh were so impressed with the farmer-friendly measures implemented by chief minister k chandrasekhar rao that the telangana rashtra samithi (trs) may branch out to ap.
read | not going back to ballot paper: chief election commissionerraking up the rafale deal which he alleges to be the india's biggest defence scam, gandhi also said that agrarian crisis, unemployment and the attacks on democratic institutions along with modi's corruption in the jets deal will be the core issues in the upcoming lok sabha polls.
agriculture minister radhamohansingh said that about 113 lakh hectares of rabi crop have been destroyed due to unseasonal rains.
as per the constitutional provisions, the scheme of crop loan waiver for farmers should be implemented by getting the budget passed, yogiadityanath said.
madhya pradesh farmers protest: union minister m.venkaiahnaidu told the congress not to politicise the issue.
on farm loans, cm devendra fadnavis said the centre was positive about institutionalising the credit system and the state will bear its share.
modi said that he wanted to assure people that this chowkidar is determined to ensure that every drop of water meant for farmers reaches them.
odisha chief minister naveenpatnaik today asked the district collectors to attach importance to farmers issues while opposition congress demanded constitution of a farmers commission in the state.
sagar kulkarni, feb 3, 2017, dhns 8:48 istdateline: new delhidays after prime minister modi announced scrapping of high value currency notes, agriculture ministry officials were eagerly awaiting the details about sowing for rabi crops across the country.
district revenue officer ( dro ) ram told farmers while chairing the monthly farmers grievances meet here on friday.
stating that agriculture remains a most potent sector to push up country's economy, modi said the farmers should be led towards modern amenities and his government's efforts to distribute soil health cards is a sincere attempt towards that endeavour.
claiming that the modi government had waived rs  1.10 lakh crore to 15 big corporates, gandhi asked the centre why cant it waive the farmers loan.
briefing reporters after holding a meeting to review the drought and flood situation in the state, siddaramaiah said the food grain target for the 2014-15 was 135 lakh tonnes, but the actual production could be somewhere around 125 lakh tonnes.
a.c. jain , the nodal officer, it department of agriculture, said: altogether, 82 district agriculture officers, joint directors, deputy directors and junior plant protection officers would benefit under the scheme.
chief minister siddaramaiah , who described puttaiah as a model farmer, said, though the latter lacks education (he quit studies while in class eight), he has vast experience in agriculture.
a sensitive government, which works for the development of farmers, is needed in the state, prime minister modi said.
addressing 2,279 sms at a workshop on agriculture expansion and rebirth for them, nitishkumar said the state was continuously experiencing climate changes.
asks akhileshlucknow, feb 26, 2017, pti: 21:03 isttaking on prime minister narendra modi over his poll promises, chief minister akhileshyadav today asked why he was waiting for the results of the uttar pradesh election to waive farmers' loans.
by ianspalamau: in an obvious attack on the congress, prime minister modi on saturday said that he preferred to complete the pending irrigation projects to empower farmers instead of waiving their loans.
(file)chief minister manoharlalkhattar today said land in the state will not be acquired without the consent of farmers and rates prescribed for acquisition will be paid to them without any delay.
during his 30-minute broadcast, modi said concern over drought is natural as prolonged drought leads to a drop in water table in reservoirs.
20pm: modi says that the five aspects of congress rule are dynasty politics, corruption , rampant lawlessness, agrarian distress and division of society.
various studies undertaken to understand the extent of farm debt in punjab had found that farm labourers were one of the most badly-hit class and should be considered for suitable relief in any loan waiver scheme, amarindersingh said and criticised opposition parties and some kisan unions for spreading false propaganda on the issues faced by farmers.
after a series of protests in maharashtra last year over the low procurement price of milk, chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced a subsidy of rs 5 per litre for dairy farmers.
siddaramaiah said that due to adverse climactic effects, including scanty rain, several parts of the state are constantly facing drought-like situation.
commenting on the stalemate in parliament, finance minister arunjaitley said yesterday that there were many issues like floods and agricultural issues which rajya sabha members wanted to raise.
prime minister modi on saturday announced the creation of a high-powered committee on structural reforms in agriculture, saying this panel would include some chief ministers and take a holistic approach on the subject.
our government has made it clear that no bank will initiate kurki of farmers property to recover the outstanding debt, amarindersingh told the house.
notwithstanding the causes that lead to such incidents, my government is determined to make farmers self-reliant through drastic policy changes in coming years.
the monsoon has turned out to be little better than what was expected, therefore agriculture production may do better than what was originally expected, babu said.
the country has about 12-14 crore farmers.
the decision has helped to get rid of exploitation of farmers by private money lenders, fadnavis said on sunday.
28 crore in 2015-16 benefiting 2,00,947 farmers, naidu said, adding that rs 415.
new delhi, june 11: prime minister modi today said improving agriculture productivity through modern farm techniques and university-farmer collaboration held the key to check price rise.
works under the jalyukt shivar-aimed at a drought proof maharashtra would have to be completed in these districts before june 15.
the chief minister said despite repeated pleas by punjab and other state governments, the central government has failed to come to the farming communitys rescue.
compensation from centre for crop loss meagre: cmgulbarga, sep 6, 2014, dhns: 0:25 istchief minister ram on saturday said that the compensation received from the central relief fund for natural disasters for crop losses due to floods was meagre.
this is for gujarat, modi said,addressing a gathering of farmers here.
modi said the country had faced two consecutive years of drought, pushing vegetable prices up.
puttanniah said chief minister siddaramaiah had said that the production of foodgrains in the state has declined by 15,000 tonnes, but he has not bothered to safeguard the farmers interest.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on sunday announced loans for farmers and their wards under an entrepreneurship scheme, in his maiden talk show, dil se, akin to prime minsiter narendra modis monthly radio address, mann ki baat.
the sc order came a week after karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah said the state could not release the river waters when farmers and the common man are distressed and even drinking water is not available in the cauvery catchment areas (in karnataka).
while laying thrust on progress of rural areas, with particular focus on farmers, women-folk and child care, modi said he wants to leave a legacy after his five-year tenure which would be talked about in terms of exceptional achievement in the years to come.
state failed to utilise grants from centre, say bjp leaderstarikere, oct 05, 2015, dhns 23:48 iststate bjp president pralhad ram said the yediyurappa government had sanctioned upto rs 2 lakh interest-free loans for farmers and the ram government has just raised the limit to rs 3 lakh and there is no question of interest here.
kishore tiwari, who heads the state government-appointed vasantrao naik sheti swavlamban mission and has been sent by the chief minister on a stock-taking mission in marathwada, on wednesday said,i spoke to farmers in beed today to find out the problems they are facing.
the focus will be in making available affordable credit, ensuring assured supply of seeds and fertilisers, improving irrigation facilities, comprehensive risk coverage, improving productivity through soil health cards, assured market and remunerative prices for the produce through e-nam (national agriculture market), pranabmukherjee said.
salem: as part of the measures being taken to improve agriculture, a special scheme for development of rainfed agriculture has been conceived, said chief minister edappadik.palaniswami at a mega government scheme distribution function in salem on tuesday.
the farmers are suffering as a result of the central governments failure to waive their debts, which many state governments, including punjab, had been repeatedly seeking, and also to give them the due price for their produce, he said, reiterating his demand for implementation of the swaminathan commission report.
kumar uttam (@meetuttam) may 26, 20173:56pm: i want to assure people of india that the kashmir situation will soon be brought under control, says amit shah3:53pm: modi govt has met peoples aspirations, says amit shah3:51pm: ease of doing business improved, fdi inflow grew, says amit shah3:50pm: india has grown as an economic leader, says shah3:48pm: bjp president amit shah speaks to media on 3 years of modi govt2:37pm: ne of northeast would mean new economy, new energy, new empowerment, new engine, says pm modi2:32pm: pm narendra modi launches sampada yojana- scheme for agro marine processing and development of agro processing clusters2:29pm: in new india, we have to move towards ever green revolution, says pm modi2:27pm: if northeast starts working in this (organic farming) direction, india can become one of the biggest centres of organic farming, says pm modi2:26pm: in northeast, the likelihood of organic farming is very high: pm2:24pm: we laid emphasis on pradhan mantri krishi sinchai yojana, says pm modi2:19pm: we cant bring change in the country through tokenism, says pm modi at his dhemaji rally2:17pm: our dream is to double farmers income by 2022, the year when india completes 75 years of independence: pm modi2:15pm: we want to bring modernisation in agriculture, says pm modi2:12pm: pm narendra modi is addressing another rally in assams dhemaji12:19pm: pm renames dhola sadiya bridge as bhupen hazarika bridge12:18pm: within the first year of bjp rule in assam, the state is getting rid of many of its problems, says pm modi12:14pm: the bridge will save time, says pm12:12pm: the bridge will be a link in the development of two states- arunachal pradesh and assam: pm12:10pm: prime minister modi says the bridge will bring an economic revolution12:08pm: this bridge will open new avenues for the farmers, says pm modi in assam12:04pm: it is a proud moment for the country that indias longest bridge has been constructed in assam, says pm modi12:00pm: pm modi is addressing a rally in dhola, assam11:50am: congress leader kamal nath said bjp spending rs 2000 cr on celebration,3 years of modi govt can be summed up as bhashan aur aashwaasan, yeh hai mera shaasanfuturistic infrastructure that will power india's growth.
gandhi said he wanted madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh to become agriculture centres in five years and provide food, fruits and vegetables to the country.
panaji: governor mridulasinha on tuesday said that her governments highest priority was alleviating farmers woes and raising their standard of living.
on saturday, union agriculture minister radha mohan singh said the protest by farmers were attempts to get media attention.
saying that the pm calls neerav modi and mehul chauksey his bhai, gandhi told farmers to ask the pm as to how many jobs his pet industrialists have created.
siddaramaiah said the cooperative sector that is so critical in servicing the farmers and the rural folk virtually came to stand still because of demonetisation.
nationalist congress party leader ajit pawar said that the bjp-led govenrment was working in the interest of a handful of industrialists and would do nothing for the farmers.
while appreciating the fellow countrymen on the ways in which demonetisation has shaped, pm modi in his speech said the following:the government will take care of interest for 60 days for farmers who had taken loans from district coop, central bank.
we have made progress in opening new areas of cooperation during this visit in drug regulation, agricultural research and cyber security, modi said.
vardhan said, prime minister narendramodi had asked multi-national companies to mix their carbonated drinks with fruit juices to help farmers of the country.
however, considering the financial burden on farmers, the government wants to ease these norms for one season.
let centre also waive farm loans, cm sayshubballi, oct 02, 2015, dhns: 0:35 ista day after the state government announced waiver of interest on farmers medium- and long-term loans borrowed from co-operative banks, chief minister ram asked bjp leaders to pressure the union government to waive farmers loans borrowed from the nationalised banks, or, at least the interest.
this is what prime minister narendramodi said here today while addressing a conference of agriculture ministers of states here.
the trees lost over 100 tonnes of tender mangoes in the fruiting stage and considering that from fruiting to maturation stage the fruits would have developed at least 10 times, if not more, this is roughtly 1,500 tonnes of fruit fall, says ram , a farmer from srinivasapur.
mohali: after being the countrys food bowl for four decades, time has come for punjab to move beyond agriculture, says chief minister captain amarindersingh speaking at toi event mohali: the next big it hub here on tuesday, the cm said that agriculture had its place in the economy but there was a need to explore the other avenues as well for creating job opportunities in punjab.
finance minister arunjaitley (file) finance minister arunjaitley (file)soon after finance minister arunjaitley announced the centres disassociation with loan waivers for farmers, the congress party on tuesday lashed out at the former, saying the bharatiya janata party (bjp) must not make promises they cannot deliver.
in his message, ram said the state hit by monsoon failure and drought will be blessed with a good north east monsoon that will raise the hopes for rabi crops.
modi agenda gopalganj: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh on sunday said agenda of modi government for five years is to strengthen the country and this is possible only when farmers and villages are taken care of.
2 billion dollars in grant since the first india-africa summit in 2008, modi said it is creating 100 capacity-building institutions, and developing infrastructure, public transport, clean energy, irrigation, agriculture and manufacturing capacity across africa.
modi said farmers should employ modern techniques like greenhouse farming,tent-house and polyhouse farming.
citing media reports on loan waiver for farmers, modi said in karnakata, where the congress-jds coalition government is in power, only 800 farmers got mere benefits, is this a joke?
siddaramaiah said the campuses where these firms have set up were built on agricultural land.
referring to his visit last week to madhya pradesh when he was not allowed to enter the state to meet the families of farmers who died in police firing, rahulgandhi said, when i asked the policemen under what law they were stopping me from entering the state, they told me there was no law but they were only carrying out orders.
picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: deputy chief minister modi on saturday announced that a bamboo policy will be made for the state and the government will send farmers, artisans and entrepreneurs to north-eastern states for training in bamboo cultivation as well as industries.
(source: pti)despite the ongoing tension at the indo-pak border, the farmers in the states border-belt with pakistan would be allowed to harvest their produce at every cost, punjab chief minister park said on sunday.
as for bailing out sericulture farmers hit by price crash, pranabmukherjee told the delegation that as he has to take care of everybody in the sector including weavers, consumers and farmers, the centre would take suitable decision soon.
bjp in its lok kalyan sankalp patra (manifesto) had promised to waive loans of small and marginal farmers, and prime minister narendramodi had said in his election speeches that writing off the farmers loans would be among the foremost tasks of the partys government.
agriculture minister ram said steps are being taken to provide counseling to the aggrieved farmers.
accusing the previous governments of being responsible for the sorry state of affairs in the state, yogiadityanath said work will be done to make development agriculture-based as it is main source of income.
targeting the congress, modi said the opposition party claims to be the custodian of the farmers, the poor and the suppressed people.
vijayawada: chief minister n chandrababu ram said on sunday that drone technology will be used in tourism, agriculture, mines, forests, irrigation projects, maintenance of law and order and municipal administration for real-time governance.
ram ram , political analyst and former professor, haryana agricultural university, hisar, said hussains move may not necessarily translate into a win for the party in mewat, where muslims are in a majority.
(source: pti) devendrafadnavis had said he is fine with ipl moving out of the drought hit maharashtra.
this is my assurance to you (farmers), amarindersingh said.
but the cm had no time to listen to our plight, said another farmer chakradhar deshmukh.
highlighting other issues, rajiv ram , a farmer, said drinking water is the main problem of the village.
legislators taking part in a discussion on the drought situation of the state in belagavi on wednesday | rajesh sadarebelagavi: chief minister ram has asked the district ministers to visit villages and ensure drought relief works are carried out expeditiously.
what makes this more significant is that after a long gap of 10 to 15 years, a large chunk of farmers who were denied fresh bank loans because of past defaults, would now be eligible for crop loans providing an opportunity to start afresh in their struggle for existence, tiwari told toi.
reiterating his partys promise to waive off farmers loans if voted to power, gandhi said, let our government assume power in mp.
in a recent letter to the prime minister, ram said his government is willing to consider waiving 50  of farm loans extended by co-operative banks if the centre accepts his request.
the changes in land act is aimed at ensuring faster processing without compromising on compensation or reclamation and rehabilitation (r&r) measures to farmers, prime minister modi said.
at the rally, which was organised as thanksgiving meet of farmers for the agricultural farm loan waiver executed by the kamal nath government, gandhi said the waiver is just the beginning, were also committed to starting food processing units and cold storages near farmers plots in every district of the state.
chief minister parkashsinghbadal on sunday told leaders of the 17 farmers unions that the state will cancel the notification for acquisition of 171 acres of gobindpura village for the upcoming power plant of indiabulls,and they can start tilling their land.
modi said fadnavis had provided political stability, social harmony, law and order opportunities for investment, better facilities for farmers and ensured benefits of central schemes for people of the state.
apologising for not visiting families of those farmers who have ended their lives, owing to the ongoing legislative session, siddaramaiah said he would do so once the session concluded.
speaking at the csir's platinum jubilee, modi said that he looks forward to csir making an important contribution to the current governments mandate of doubling the income of the farmers income by 2022, the year the country celebrates 75 years of its independence.
prime minister modi on saturday announced setting up of a high-powered task force to bring structural reforms in agrarian sector in the country, said niti aayogs vice-chairman rajiv kumar.
earlier, interacting with farmers across the country through videoconference, modi told a woman who also runs self-help groups in bengals south 24-paragans to mount pressure on the mamata banerjee government to submit a list of small and marginal farmers.
in his letter to rana, sent on december 2, satya pal singh, who is the bjp mp from baghpat, said farmers are regularly taking up the issue of pending sugarcane dues and that chief minister yogiadityanath had announced twice that their demand must be looked into.
the farmers are suffering as a result of the central governments failure to waive their debts, which many state governments, including punjab, have repeatedly sought, he said.
dh news service, bengaluru, jun 10 2017, 1:10 istchief minister ram announced that he would meet the president to seek his assent for karnatakas land reforms bill which provides for giving agriculture labourers rights over houses built on land not belonging to them.
speaking on use of technology in agriculture, siddaramaiah said, karnataka is in the forefront.
had this been in chhattisgarh, farmers would have got all the help by now and situation would have been different, ram said.
the pmfby has expanded the insurance cover to crop loss due to hailstorm, land slide and inundation of farms, modi said adding the scheme would also extend to post-harvest losses due to cyclonic and unseasonal rains.
uninterrupted power to farmers in two years: piyush goyalpatna, nov 15, 2014, (ians): 17:38 istthe narendra modi government will provide uninterrupted electricity through dedicated feeders to farmers across india in the next two years, union power minister piyushgoyal said saturday.
crediting the small and medium farmers of gujarat with revolutionising agriculture in the last one decade,modi said 95 per cent of our farmers are small or medium sized farmers.
modi had said that as millions of people buy pepsi and coke the companies could put 5 per cent natural juice in their drinks and it would help farmers make a lot of money and not throw their fruits away.
pm modi told global leaders in attendance at cop 14 how india has 'soil cards' to help the farmers understand the health of the soil.
mumbai: the state has decided to stay recovery of power bills run up by farmers given their current hardships, chief minister devendra fadnavis told the assembly on thursday.
v ram 48, another farmer from marakkanam, said the discharge of untreated chemical waste and effluents was gradually affecting the fertility of the soil and yield when they used the contaminated water for irrigation.
cm devendrafadnavis , unfazed by the criticism, said depletion of groundwater level is bound to happen in a year when the state was staring at a drought.
pm modi invokes chaudhary charan singh to woo farmers in jatland bijnorin a bid to woo the farming community, prime minister modi said bjp will waive off loans of all small farmers once voted to power.
responding to a question, manoharlalkhattar said those who are stopping farmers from bringing their produce to markets and forcing them to throw them on roads, would be sternly dealt with.
if sufficient water is not released, the cultivation will be affected badly, said ram , a farmer.
at least five farmers were killed and three others injured | ptibhopal: madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan has announced a compensation of rs 1 crore each for the next of kin of five farmers who were killed during alleged police firing in mandsaur district.
after beginning his speech in yavatmal in the local banjara dialect, paying tributes to the communitys saints like sevalal and speaking for a while in marathi, modi said his government had worked tirelessly for farmers and pointed to the rs6,000 that his government would place annually directly in their bank accounts as income support and the sum of rs3,000 offered to workers in the unorganised sector as pension.
42 pm: maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis said the budget this time will be farmer-centric.
reports said farmers put up barricades to prevent supply of vegetables and milk entering cities.
we may not be in power at the centre or in the state, but we will launch an agitation to force the government to concede to our demand of waiving farmers loans, rahul said, while addressing farmers in kushinagar and gorakhpur districts.
(pti file photo, file) madhya pradesh farmers protest: union minister naidu told the congress not to politicise the issue.
(source: ani/twitter) madhya pradesh farmers protest: chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said on friday he will sit on a fast.
the changes in land act is aimed at ensuring faster processing without compromising on compensation or reclamation and rehabilitation (r&r) measures to farmers, prime minister narendramodi said.
punjab congress president amarinder singh on thursday accused the badal government of pushing the debt-ridden farmers in the state to commit suicide through its anti-farmer policies.
bjp leader n ram , a member of the legislative council, says the telangana government precipitated the agrarian crisis by advising farmers to sow red gram and chilli instead of cotton.
reacting to congress claim that note ban brought hardship to the farmers, arunjaitley said the opposition should stop bringing in farmers on every issue.
in what is being viewed as a groundwork for next years parliamentary elections, congress president rahul gandhi reached out to women, youth and farmers at nanded in maharashtras chandrapur district on wednesday.
whatever time is left, modiji talks about himself, as he has run out of the issues to talk about, said gandhi , asking the pm to devote two minutes for farmers and people of gujarat.
state bjp president pralhad ram said a delegation of party mps would meet chief minister ram in new delhi on tuesday to discuss the issue of compensation to farmers.
he also fought for the unification of the state and worked for the welfare of the farming community, siddaramaiah said.
ncp president sharad pawar thursday agreed with chief minister devendra fadnavis that a loan waiver cannot be a long-term solution to the agrarian crisis in the state.
b'bihar chief minister nitishkumar (pti photo) bihar chief minister nitishkumar (pti photo)bihar chief minister nitishkumar on tuesday said that while everybody was ready to deify mahatama gandhi very few were willing to follow his thoughts and attributed present days crises in agriculture and environment to ignoring paths shown by him.
sugar minister h s ram said none of the sugar factories across the country had cleared dues of farmers within 14 days of procurement of sugar cane.
addressing the gathering, nagar nagar , president, farmers wing of tamil maanila congress (tmc) said, about one lakh acres of cash crops in tiruchy and karur districts particularly the annual crops, and banana plantation are on the verge of withering.
urging the farmers to partner with the state in generation of power, modi said, farmers can install solar panels on their farm borders.
(express photo/janak rathod)agitating farmers called off their stir on monday after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government has accepted most of the demands of the farmers.
chandigarh: haryana chief minister manoharlalkhattar said on sunday that farmers will not forgive those who dumped their vegetables and milk on the roads.
siddaramaiah said karnataka had urged the centre for a drought-relief package of rs 1,416 crore in january, but nothing had come so far.
in mandya alone, authorities have registered more than fifty cases, and have seized about 1,000 documents, said ram , who is on a visit to mandya and ram districts to comfort families of farmers who have committed suicide.
cabinet reshuffle put off due to drought, says cmbelagavi, apr 26, 2016, dhns: 1:12 istchief minister ram said the proposed cabinet expansion and reshuffle has been postponed by a month due to the prevailing drought in the state.
terming the 2013 land bill brought by upa as one that was against rural areas and farmers, arunjaitley said the 2015 bill sought to remove its shortcomings.
his hopes for financial bailout from the bjp-led government at the centre yet to be fulfilled, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal told modi it was high time that farmers too got their due.
at the jammu rally, modi claimed that the pradhan mantri kisan samman nidhi, under which farmers with two hectares of cultivable land or less would get rs 6,000 a year, as announced in the budget, had no precedent.
laying stress on setting up more ultra-modern centers of excellence for undertaking research and design (r&d) to promote agriculture diversification in the state, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal on tuesday said that these were the 'temples of second green revolution' which were required for bailing out the farmers from the current agrarian crisis.
continuing the attack on congress at another rally, raje said, rahulgandhi says that we have not waived off loans of any farmer, but in reality we have done so for 30 lakh farmers for upto rs 50k.
have faith in the son who hails froma farmer's family, said ram , as he came under fire from the opposition bjp and jds who have launched anall out offensive against him for allegedly neglecting farmers and having visited the house of even a single victim.
the dasara fest is special this year as it is being held after rain gods blessed the state with bountiful rains during the monsoon to ensure a bumper harvest to farmers and prosperity to the 60 million people of karnataka, siddaramaiah told reporters on the occasion.
highlighting pradhan mantri kisan bima yojna, smritiirani said that the centre has approved kisan vihaan kendra in amethi and if the state government provide land it would be started soon.
the low water level has also impacted the agriculture operation under the command area, siddaramaiah said.
barwani / khargone: former chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on tuesday said kamal nath government cheated farmers in loan waiver scheme and now it will do the same through nyay.
faridkot sub-divisional magistrate (sdm) gurjit singh said the government has issued guidelines to make people aware that loan of the remaining farmers will be waived off in the next phase.
govt ready with contingency plan to deal with poor monsoon:minnew delhi, june 2, 2015, (pti) 22:53 istthe government is ready with contingency plans in 580 districts to deal with poor monsoon, agriculture minister radhamohansingh said today.
modi said rs 603 crore would be made available with karnataka in 2016-17 for water conservation and drought proofing under various central government schemes.
this has been the case in many villages as price of cattle feed has increased after cyclone and steps from government were miniscule, said g ram , a farmer in vedaranyam.
mr shah also attacked former prime minister manmohan singh, alleging that dr singh used to say that minorities have a right on the country's resources, however, mr modi said the first right on the country's resources should be of dalits, people from weaker sections and farmers.
apparently referring to the demands for debt relief by the farmers, naidu said loan waiver depends upon financial condition of the state governments.
while rs 58,862 crore was for crop loan, rs 27,973 crore was given for agriculture term loan.
in a press statement, amarindersingh said he trashed sukhbirs comments on the loan waiver announced by the congress in punjab and other states as political theatrics.
our politicians, in spite of their rhetoric, have failed to educate the average farmer who is aware that he is losing something but not its ramifications, said m. babu , an official of the local school.
calling the new rules as unconstitutional, ram said that when the cattle grow old and become unproductive for farmers, the new rules prevent farmers from selling them.
no incentive for sugarcane farmers, says cmmandya: oct 18, 2014, dhns: 23:22 istchief minister ram said, no incentive will be paid to sugarcane farmers like last year as a committee has been formed to fix price for the produce.
during the talks, modi said india and vietnam agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors like oil and gas exploration, renewable energy, agriculture and textiles.
the crisis faced by punjabi farmers was totally based on this circular issued by the congress government, modi said,adding that some people were trying to malign the image of the gujarat government by spreading canards that his government has adopted a discriminatory attitude towards sikh farmers from punjab,who are tilling land in kutch.
then they purchase 80 to 90 cattle and carry it in their truck pretending as farmers and eventually slaughter the animals, gandhi said in new delhi.
speaking to reporters in bengaluru, siddaramaiah said that rahul would visit the houses of farmers who ended their lives due to debt in mandya district on october 9.
blaming the bjd government for stonewalling the centres development initiatives, modi said the state government denied odisha farmers of 1.
chief minister ram said, we are committed to protect the interest of farmers and people of karnataka.
singh said while farmers were resorting to extreme steps out of sheer desperation and the masses were reeling under the impact of the spiralling prices of essentials, mr. radha mohan singh clearly had no qualms on showing his lack of sensitivity to their problems.
prime minister narendra modi has deceived the farmers by making false promises.
siddaramaiah, during the meeting today, also announced that all cases against farmers during kalasa-banduri protest will be withdrawn.
speaking at the inauguration of college of horticulture and laying the foundation stone for student hostels on the university of agriculture sciences campus on ballari road, siddaramaiah said: agriculture universities, which came into being to help develop the agriculture sector, have failed to protect the interests of farmers.
(pti file photo)congress vice-president gandhi on saturday said his mahayatra from deoria in eastern uttar pradesh to delhi from september 6 is a campaign to help secure rights of the poor, farmers and labourers in government resources.
farmer suicides: increase in ex gratia effective from aprilbengaluru, october 15, 2015, dhns: 0:27 istcooperation minister h s ram on wednesday said hike in compensation to family members of farmers who have committed suicide and widow pension announced by chief minister ram recently, will have retrospective effect from april 2015.
the sc order came a week after karnataka chief minister ram said the state could not release the river waters when farmers and the common man are distressed and even drinking water is not available in the cauvery catchment areas (in karnataka).
agriculture minister radhamohansingh said the rains and hailstorm altogether affected 94 lakh hectares of crop area across 14 states over the last three months.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan (file photo) madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan (file photo)madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan has said that the state government would provide rs 25,000 as financial assistance to the farmers, who lost 50 per cent of their crops during the recent hailstorm, for marriage of their daughters.
ramanan ram , a senior research scholar at the princeton environment institute, said causes of air pollution in india were more easily correctable than in china, like the burning of paddy straw by northern indian farmers after they harvest it.
pointing out that karnataka was witnessing one of its worst droughts in the last 46 years, ram said the state government had sought rs 4,702 crore from the centre for drought relief works.
during this interaction, modi said he would be speaking to farmers on june 20 on developments and advancements in the agriculture sector.
punjab chief minister amarinder singh said the farming community faced a crisis due to the indifferent attitude of the centre.
the move was aimed at saving groundwater while ensuring that farmers also get an incentive in the form of cash for their personal use, he said.
v ram , vice president, ici-south, said that after agriculture, construction sector was the second biggest industry in the country.
we are fully committed to double the income of farmers by 2022, says pm modi modi.
at a meeting held with national agriculture cooperative marketing federation of india (nafed), chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the state government was committed to provide both financial and logistic support to farmers cultivating cereals such as tur and harbara.
holding private money lenders responsible for most instances of farmer suicides in the region, siddaramaiah said stern action will be taken against them.
answering a query regarding financial package, badal said the state had demanded outstanding debt waiver and refund of rs 2,694 crore paid as interest on special term loan amounting to rs 5,800 crore by the state for fighting militancy.
maharashtra bjp chief devendra fadnavis on sunday said the state would have a separate budget for agriculture to tackle the socio-economic problems of farmers, if the bjp-led alliance was voted to power.
farmers' suicide; cm ram to lead all party delegation to pmhubballi(karna), aug 5, 2015, (pti) 16:53 istkarnataka chief minister ram today said he will lead an all party delegation to the prime minister to seek more relief funds in the wake of farmer suicides, unseasonal rains and drought like situation in certain parts of the state.
a minister who does not connect with the woes of the farmers had no business holding the portfolio, amarindersingh said in a statement released in chandigarh on sunday.
they are not interested in farmers' welfare, ram said.
pawar said he would discuss the farmers problems with the state and central governments and try to find a solution without politicising it.
hitting out at the saffron party and pm modi, he said they have forgotten the promises made by them to the farming community after coming to power.
gandhi also said if voted to power, the congress will waive farmers' loans within 10 days of forming government.
for the farmers welfare, modi said that the centre has framed many model acts and urged the states to implement them.
lepakshi naidu , a farmer of hosapete taluk, says demonetization left him with no cash to buy pesticide for the chilli crop he had sown.
chief minister capt amarindersingh on monday said the state government will allow the farmers in punjab to sow paddy a week before the scheduled date of june 20, as part of a string of sops he announced to woo the farming community.
why can we not have a blue economy, and why should our farmers not export their produce, said modi.
if all lakes are filled and the levels are maintained throughout the year, it would be a boon to fishermen, says park , a farmer.
calling the new rules as unconstitutional, siddaramaiah said that when the cattle grow old and become unproductive for farmers, the new rules prevent farmers from selling them.
during afghan president ashraf ghani's visit to india last week, prime minister modi announced allocation of usd 1 billion to afghanistan to meet requirements for capacity and capability building in spheres like education, health, agriculture, skill development, empowerment of women, energy, infrastructure and strengthening of democratic institutions.
continuing his drive to directly connect with the beneficiaries of his governments pet schemes, prime minister modi today said he will on june 20 speak to farmers on issues concerning them and the agriculture sector.
he said the farmers in karnataka would take to the streets if their government decided to discharge water for tamil nadu, ram told express.
instead of waiting for the unions move to waive off farm loans, siddaramaiah should announce the states decision.
b'india would not have lost its sheen as a country of farmers if sardar vallabhbhai patel had been the first prime minister,gujarat chief minister narendramodi said today,ruing the poor national agricultural growth.
we have committed that in 2019, we will have a government that will make up for all the crimes that narendra modi has done against farmers in five years, gandhi said.
congress vice-president rahulgandhi said on wednesday the uttar pradesh governments decision to waive off crop loans of up to rs 1 lakh of small and marginal farmers in the state is a partial relief but a step in the right direction.
in an indirect but obvious reference to nehru, babu said the leader who wore a rose knew about gardens but not farmers or farming.
in the last 10 years, naveenpatnaik said, odisha has doubled farmers income and lifted eight million people above the poverty line.
the chief minister also demanded that the farmers be paid the due price for their produce and in toto implementation of the swaminathan commission report.
badal said that the state government was leaving no stone unturned to ensure that more and more such centres were opened in the state for the larger interest of the farmers adding that special thrust was being laid on promoting the cultivation of vegetables and citrus fruits through them.
even the national bank for agriculture and rural development did not show any inclination to give credit in view of its guidelines.
expressing the need to strengthen agriculture,modi said india was fast losing its identity as an agricultural nation.
almost all member states are opposed to the niti aayogs proposal to completely remove agriculture commodities from the essential commodities act, however, many are in favour of relaxation in stock restrictions for agriculture goods, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday.
ap announces debt cut for farmershyderabad, dec 4, 2014, dhns: 1:08 istbenefiting 22,79,000 families of andhra pradesh, chief minister narachandrababunaidu announced waiver of loan not exceeding rs 50,000 taken by farmers from banks between 2007-2013.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: express archive photo by santosh parab) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: express archive photo by santosh parab)chief minister devendrafadnavis said saturday the government was willing to allocate financial resources along with the centre to help 31 lakh farmers reeling under debt of rs 30,500 crore.
from seed to market, give all facilities to the farmers, modi said.
kishore tiwari, leader of farmers advocacy group vidarbha jan andolan samiti, said, hostile counselling alone will not work and distressed families should be assured of health, educational benefits, food security, special long-term loans for their daughters wedding.
opposing the land bill, congress vice president gandhi has said that the party would not allow an inch of land to be acquired from farmers and made it clear that they are not in favour of the bill.
(source: pti photo/file)the state government will distribute land parchas  documents establishing the ownership of pieces of land in revenue records  among unwilling farmers at singur in hooghly on september 14, chief minister mamatabanerjee said on monday.
after uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath announced to fulfil the poll promise of crop loan waivers, farmers all across the country began demanding the same.
district president of bhartiya kisan union (bku), digambar singh, said, chief minister yogiadityanath had announced that 18 hours of power will be supplied in rural area and 24 hours in district headquarters.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , even before he met a delegation of the left-affiliated all india kisan sabha (aiks) that led an estimated 40,000 farmers on a 180-km march from nashik to mumbai, told the vidhan sabha that the state government was sensitive and positive to the demands of the farmers, many of them tribals.
expressing concern over the spate of farmer suicides across the country, modi said that the banks should be more considerate towards the debt ridden farmers.
chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced the drought-like situation last week in 180 of 355 talukas of the state.
comparing suicide of farmers in karnataka with up, yogiadityanath said up has a population of 23 crore, which is three times higher than that of karnataka, but there are no cases of farmer suicides in the northern state.
at a party rally here, mr. gandhi said the narendra modi government, which had refused to waive farm loans, had waived off rs.  2.5 lakh crore of public money to benefit a handful of the rich.
justifying free power to farmers,deputy chief minister sukhbirsinghbadal said that most of the states do it to provide support to farmers.
state seeks rs 362 crore for flood reliefbangalore, oct 31, 2014, dhns: 13:10 istcentral teams will visit drought-hit areas on nov 7 and 8: cmchief minister siddaramaiah on thursday said the state government had convinced two central teams, which visited nine flood affected districts, about the severity of the devastation and was confident that the centre would approve the relief package of rs 362 crore it had sought.
using his personal app to connect with the partys kisan morcha leaders in karnataka , modi asked his party workers to propagate several farmerfriendly schemes introduced by his government over the past four years.
asked what could the government do to help farmers battling agrarian crisis and deficient rainfall, gandhi said we have made a slow transition from agricultural economy to knowledge economy and industry economy.
talking about ways to propagate about government schemes like crop insurance, arunjaitley said government should not leave any form of media as cost is limited and unlimited advantages like wide reach.
to boost bamboo cultivation and sustainable supply, the forest development corporation of maharashtra (fdcm) is also planning to take up tissue culture bamboo plantation on turnkey or sharing basis with private partners for supplying biomass of bamboo for industrial uses like production of ethanol, bio cng etcwe are even ready to help as service providers to interested farmers and parties with minimum 25 acres of commercial plantation project, said n babu , managing director of fdcm.
to overcome the problem, modi has asked scientists to work closely with farmers to introduce high-yielding crop varieties.
chief minister ram said that he has directed the cops to release farmers.
they are urging prosperous farmers to undertake hydroponic experiments and help bridge the gap in supply of fodder in their respective villages.
this price hike will prove to be very bad for the farmers of the state where there is drought-like situation, modi said.
in the first meeting of the cwc since the prime minister declared that land ordinance would not be repromulgated, gandhi said that due to congress' sustained campaign, the government has been compelled to withdraw its anti-farmer amendments.
(source: ani/twitter)as the farmers protests spread closer to bhopal on friday, three days after five were killed in police firing in mandsaur, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced that he would begin an indefinite fast on saturday, until peace is restored in the state.
(source: file photo)punjab congress chief amarindersingh said on saturday that if his party is voted to power in the 2017 assembly elections, it will work out a permanent solution for settling the farm debt so that no farmer is forced to take extreme steps like suicide.
modi said in the past four years at the centre and 13 years in madhya pradesh, the bjp had worked for the uplift and empowerment of poor, farmers and deprived sections of society.
guwahati: prime minister modi on friday announced a food processing scheme, sampada to integrate current and new schemes aimed at reducing food wastage and doubling farmers income.
it has not given funds for drinking water and fodder, which we had sought, ram said, adding that the state would spend any amount of money to meet the requirements of drinking water and fodder during drought.
yesterday, punjab chief minister park had said that he would denotify the land acquired for the sutlej-yamuna link (syl) canal and return it to farmers.
meanwhile, ram on sunday told reporters in mysuru that he is waiting for union governments stand to take a decision of farm loan waiver.
terming the government as anti-farmer and anti-poor, rahul said it does not want to acquire land in bundelkhand or in the deserts of rajasthan but those near big cities like noida, gurgaon and pune to make money as their prices have been rising.
the msp was arrived on the basis of an improper formula and, therefore, farmers will not get correct prices for their produce or labour, he added.
reminding the gathering that the upa government had waived farmers loans worth around rs 70,000 crore, rahul said that congress leaders including him, the then prime minister manmohan singh as well as party president sonia gandhi had held a big rally to inform the public about loan waivers.
coke heeds to pm's call,to launch fizzy drink with fruit juicenew delhi, feb 11, 2016, (pti): 14:48 istbeverages giant coca-cola is set to launch a new 'juice with fizz' drink, more than a year after prime minister narendramodi had asked the multinational cola giants to add fruit juices to their drinks to help indian farmers increase sales.
with farmers ending lives in the parched saurashtra region in an election year,chief minister modi on tuesday announced an ambitious rs 10,000-crore irrigation project,to be called saurashtra narmada avtaran irrigation yojana (sauni),which aims to fill all 115 dams in the region with narmada water by interlinking a total of 87 rivers.
it is because this sp government does not want to do justice to farmers, since it is hell bent on destroying the state, it is furthering favouritism and casteism and is interested in vote-bank politics, modi claimed.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath announced waiver of rs 36,000 crore farmers loan as the state has other sources of income and generous support by the union government.
it was in january this year, while speaking at the state credit seminar 2018-19 organised by the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard), manoharparrikar said the state government would go cashless by september 30.
modis predecessor manmohan singh had waived farm loans worth rs 72,000 crore, siddaramaiah said.
modi, who was giving details of the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana, an crop insurance scheme in light of 1,000 farmer suicides in karnataka in the past one year, said river-linking would save the country and help overcome water scarcity.
before ending his 28-hour-long fast, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on sunday announced a series of measures for farmers, including declaring purchase of farm produce below the minimum support a criminal act.
on tuesday, chief minister ram had said he had not seen the file sent by the governors office as he was in ballari to monitor drought relief work.
this is the second case of electrocution in the past four and a half months in the coimbatore forest division and we registered a case against the farmer and detained him, said s ram , district forest officer, coimbatore forest division.
cong won't allow govt to take land of farmers easily: rahulanantapur (ap), july 24, 2015, pti: 12:58 isthitting out at the nda government over the contentious land bill, congress vice president gandhi today said he would not let prime minister narendra modi take farmers' land easily.
continuing his drive to directly connect with the beneficiaries of his governments pet schemes, prime minister narendramodi today said he will on june 20 speak to farmers on issues concerning them and the agriculture sector.
amid the din, parliamentary affairs minister m naidu said the government was ready to discuss the farmer's suicide, which is a important, serious and urgent.
cabinet reshuffle put off due to drought, says cmbelagavi, apr 26, 2016, dhns: 1:12 istchief minister siddaramaiah said the proposed cabinet expansion and reshuffle has been postponed by a month due to the prevailing drought in the state.
a revanth read , telangana tdp floor leader in the state assembly, said in his petition that several farmers in the state have been facing hardships due to supply of fake seeds.
criticising the diesel price hike,chief minister narendramodi on thursday said it would affect farmers the most.
on the occasion, chief minister nitishkumar had said: no farmer would be allowed to remain dissatisfied.
the cause for concern is not just the suicide rate but the entire agrarian situation.
recalling the contributions of the wadiyar kings, especially nalvadi, to all fields to make mysuru a welfare state, including education, agriculture, irrigation, and industries, ram said, since he became chief minister, roads measuring a total of 1,000 km have been laid across the district at a cost of rs 1,580 crore.
responding to a question from s r vishwanath (bjp), siddaramaiah said farmers, from whom 1,810 acres had been acquired for the project, would be given an option of either financial compensation or sites.
praising madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, prime minister modi said, cm @chouhanshivraj, who has revolutionised agriculture sector in mp, will share a presentation on the roadmap to double income of farmers.
ejaz kaiser byexpress news serviceraipur: congress president rahulgandhi , in a scathing attack on the bharatiya janata party (bjp) government at the centre and in chhattisgarh, said the saffron party encourages a few industrialists but ignores the concerns of the poor, the farmers, the labourers and the youngsters.
but, modi said he wants farmers to reduce the use of chemical fertilisers by 30-40 per cent to save the mother earth from degradation.
misuse of relief amountearlier in the day, speaking to reporters at the mysore airport at mandakalli in mysuru, siddaramaiah said on friday that there was no question of protecting any tainted persons over embezzlement of relief amount meant for farmers for land acquired from them.
after the meeting, siddaramaiah told reporters that the veteran congress leader has asked the government to pay cash compensation to farmers in cauvery basin who have suffered crop losses due to non-release of water through the canals.
when sheikhamma bi, a farmer, told the chief minister that they were getting wages only once in 15 days, siddaramaiah told her that he would see to it that the workers get paid every week.
it will create new job opportunities, help economic growth and support the farmers income generation, modi said.
speaking at an interaction with farmers, elected representatives of the two districts and officers here on sunday, ram said farmers should exercise restraint in use of water resources as any irrigation project aimed at permanent solution would require five to 10 years for implementation.
congress president sonia gandhi said modi had led people, including farmers, up the garden path before the polls and was bringing anti-farmer policies now.
responding to a question of bjp mla achchudanand during the question hour, nitishkumar said: the credit-deposit ratio has increased to 40 per cent but banks do not generally give loans to farmers, students and other priority sectors.
on tuesday, gandhi had said the opposition will not rest till the narendra modi government waives farm loans across the country.
in order to give them some relief, we have decided to buy 28,000 tonnes of potato per month directly from the farmers for mid-day meal scheme and anganwadi centres, mamatabanerjee said.
the drought areas will be notified in consultation with states, rural development secretary j k ram told pti.
siddaramaiah said previously 100 or 200 farmers would commit suicide a year and 48 such incidents were reported during 2014-15 but the incidence saw a rise since june.
on pusa 16, agriculture minister radhamohansingh said, this new variety will be released for commercial cultivation in january and will be available for sowing in the kharif 2017 season.
(source: pti photo/file) as whether the land in singur would be fit for cultivation again, mamatabanerjee said: according to some agricultural experts, as no farming had taken place there for a decade, it was now more fertile than before.
we will put up roadblocks on state highways for half and hour to one hour every day between december 26 and 30 in all 18 districts as part of our token protest against the manner in which farmers are being denied the msp, said madan , the president of the pradeshik krishak sabha.
a day after the state government agreed to meet demands of farmers, thousands of whom marched to the city from nashik, chief minister devendra fadnavis on tuesday listed decisions agreed upon in the meeting between the kisan morcha organisers and the state.
with over 100 farmers committing suicide in karnataka for the past one month due to agriculture-related crises, we want to know what steps the congress-ruled state has taken to mitigate the problem, ram told deccan herald.
pm wants 50 pc farmers to join crop insurance scheme in 2 yrsnew delhi, jan 31, 2016, (pti) 14:22 isthighlighting benefits of the just- announced crop insurance scheme, prime minister narendramodi today said awareness about it should be spread across the country so that at least 50 per cent of the farmers join it within two years.
after meeting members of mahadayi and kalasa-banduri horata samanvaya samiti, farmers and kannada organisations agitating for speedy implementation of kalasa-banduri and mahadayi water projects, ram told mediapersons at the airport here that there is no need for congress leaders from the state to convince opposition leaders in goa and maharashtra.
bangalore, july 25, 2013, dhns: 23:32 istchief minister ram on thursday announced the formation of a cabinet sub-committee to suggest amendments to the forest dwellers (recognition of forest rights) act, 2006, to protect the interests of farmers who have been cultivating in forest land for many years.
4: prime minister manmohansingh today asked states to waive local taxes, including octroi, as well as reform the outdated agriculture produce marketing committee act, or mandi act, to help control a runaway food inflation.
consequently, fiis remains sellers in the market while active diis are keeping the overall environment positive, says vinod nair, head of research, geojit financial services ltd.brokers said investors turned cautious and preferred to lighten their positions, particularly in banking sector stocks following the waiver of farm loans by punjab.
responding to the opposition parties, commerce and industry minister ram said the government was seized of the problems being faced by drought-hit farmers in tamil nadu and that finance minister arun jaitley, agriculture minister radha mohan singh and water resources minister ram bharti have already met delegations from the state.
farmers belonging to schedule castes, schedule tribes will continue to get reservations in accordance with constitutional provisions.
in his address at 'future india: science and technology at the science congress', modi said, today's new slogan is jai jawan, jai kisan, jai vigyan and jai anusandhan.
in a letter to union environment minister jairam ramesh, nitishkumar said: the social acceptability of bt crops in the farming community continues to be an issue.
noting that the congress always supported the struggle of farmer, ram said that farmers in the state have been facing injustice since 1924.
addressing the agitators, congress chief rahulgandhi said, farmers are not asking for a reward or free gift, but only their rightful due.
modi further said farmers of maharashtra had benefited and women got better employment opportunities in the last five years under fadnavis leadership.
during his political address at churu, modi said that under the scheme, 1 crore small farmers had received rs 2,000 each without any middleman transferred into their bank accounts.
chief minister ram , who launched the integrated marketing project, said that it was a revolutionary programme which will help make agriculture a profitable business.
chief minister devendra fadnavis told ht that drought like situation would be announced for 8,000 to 14,000 villages in the state by mid-september, on the basis of the average rainfall.
describing the channel as an open university, modi said: kisan tv channel is a channel where both the teacher and the student are farmers.
modi said the budget has a distinct focus on farmers, youth, poor and neo-middle class and delivers on growth, equity and job creation.
karnataka to clear rs 923 crore arrears to sugar cane farmersbelagavi, june 30, 2015, dhns: 2:13 istchief minister siddaramaiah on tuesday announced that the state government would further absorb the dues to be paid by sugar factories to farmers for 2013-14 by releasing rs 923 crore in two installments.
last updated: 11 december, 2011kolar/chikkaballapur, december 11, dhns: 23:53 iststrategy meet: in search of permanent solutions for water scarcity in districtssinking borewells would not be a permanent solutions for perennial water crisis in the districts of kolar and chikkaballapur, said dr ram , professor at the university of agriculture science, bangalore.
the cooperative banks in rural areas, where most of the farmers and daily wagers have accounts, are not permitted to exchange old currency, babu said.
while patidar is agonising about his garlic in mp, a few thousand miles away in delhi, the union agriculture ministry is busy preparing flashy booklets and nifty presentations to showcase what it will call achievements and how these would result in the realisation of one of the prime minister's many dreams - doubling farmers' incomes by 2022.
s k jain , immediate past president of the mahratta chamber of commerce industries and agriculture (mccia), said it would be in indias favour if the uk remained with the eu.
when the members pressed for waiving of farm loans, ram said farmers have availed rs 10,000 crore from co-operative banks and rs 35,000 crore from commercial banks.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi, who has been holding khat sabhas (cot meetings) with the farmers in the state, said on wednesday that his party will launch an agitation to force the centre to waive loans of the farmers.
wondering how the commission can ignore karnataka which has been facing severe drought for the past several years, ram said even smaller states like haryana have received more allocation than karnataka.
congress mla sadanand singh said the bjp has been ridiculing the distressed farmers instead of solving their problems.
gandhi said the modi government has waived off loans of big industrialists but when farmers want the waiver of their loans, where the amount involved in much less, jaitley would not oblige.
bengaluru: , sep 12, 2015, dhns: 1:27 istkarnataka has sought an additional rs 800 crore from the centre under the national and state disaster response fundndrf and sdrfas the drought situation has worsened, said chief minister ram on friday.
stressing on the importance of a second green revolution in the eastern states of odisha, jharkhand, bihar, west bengal and north-eastern states, modi said that by 2022, when india celebrates the 75th year of its independence, the income of farmers will have doubled.
the congress will waive the loans of each farmer in chhattisgarh within 10 days, gandhi said.
help promised to farmersaddressing the gathering on the occasion, ram said the government was celebrating the occasion with a heavy heart in the wake of the farmers suicides in the state.
siddaramaiah said that yeddyurappa has double standards when it comes to farmers issue.
ranchi mp ram said that union agriculture minister radha mohan singh, chief minister raghubar das and other senior central leaders of the party were expected to attend the programme.
25pm: the government waives loans of the top 50 rich men of the country but not of the farmers, rahulgandhi said before leaving for udaipur.
chief minister ram announced cloud seeding, in the backdrop of five consecutive droughts.
prof ram said the government should have allocated a large sum for agriculture as it is going through a serious crisis.
modi asked hollande to forget the rs 526 crore deal and instead take rs 1,600 crore and give the contract to anil ambani modi put rs 30,000 crore in anil ambanis pocket and just rs 17 for farmers families in india.
magisterial probe into kudagi firingbelgaum, july 7, 2014, dhns: 1:50 istchief minister ram on sunday said the government has ordered a magisterial inquiry into the police firing in which two farmers sustained bullet injuries, but ruled out shelving of the thermal power plant project, which is facing opposition by farmers.
speaking at the valedictory ceremony of the golden jubilee celebration of the university of agricultural sciences, bangalore, ram said the commission would look into how farmers could get good prices for their produce.
(file)karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy on monday said he is committed to waive farm loans or else he will retire from politics and asked people not to fall prey to the bjps conspiracy.
earlier on monday, finance minister arunjaitley had said the centre would not fund for loan waivers for farmers, adding that the states must fund for this on their own expense.
addressing the media at the mp border, rahulgandhi said, pm modi doesnt waive off farmer loans, doesnt give them benefits, only gives them bullets.
in all the other rallies, gandhi said employment among youth and financial crisis among farmers were the two biggest challenges before the state and the country.
chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said that the centre must waive farm loans across the country and not pass the buck to the states.
though the house has already discussed the issue of unseasonal rains and hailstorm destroying standing crops, the government was ready to have another debate on the plight of the farmers, naidu said.
about 33 lakh farmers have obtained farm loans worth rs 42,000cr from nationalised banks and 23 lakh farmers have drawn loans worth rs10,500cr through co-operative banks in the state, ram said.
these can be converted into opportunities if you (farmers) help me and states implement the various schemes properly, modi said.
amid loud chants by bjp members saying the country will not tolerate the insult to the pm, ram said education, agriculture, health sectors and job creation were the major challenges facing the country and the bjp-led nda government had not addressed them in nearly four years of its rule.
speaking about the farm crisis,naidu said the bjp will protect farmers and ensure that they can sell their agriculture produce anywhere in india.
farmers in maharashtra, who had been on a war path from june 1 to press for their various demands, had on june 11 called off their stir after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced loan waiver for them.
picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: all bihar districts would get dedicated feeders for agriculture in the next two years, deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi said on wednesday.
prime minister narendramodi said he would lessen the suffering of farmers.
compensationsuresh ram said he would make all efforts to ensure that the farmers who had lost their land under the hemavathi scheme, will get compensation at the earliest.
addressing farmers in the state through all india radio from bengaluru, siddaramaiah said it had come to the fore that the dramatic rise in farmer suicides in the last few days was due to their exploitation by mercenary moneylenders charging high rates of interest.
later in the day, ending his road show in the old city, rahul told a gathering that economists have told him that the schemes like mgnrega and loan waiver had helped the overall economy of the country and not just the farmers.
in gujarat alone, it cost the farmers financial loss up to rs 7,000 crore.
singh: action timenew delhi, march 7: prime minister manmohansingh today asked a group of ministers to review the cotton export ban following protests by farmers and complaints from agriculture minister sharad pawar, who said he was kept in the dark about the decision.
trichy: prime minister narendra modi has not responded to a request seeking his appointment for an all-party delegation from tamil nadu to urge him to set up the cauvery management board, said chief minister edappadik.palaniswami talking to reporters in the city on sunday, palaniswami said the pmo has not granted appointment for a delegation of all-party representatives and farmers even after a reminder of the request was sent.
finance minister arunjaitley said nabard provides refinance to approved financial institutions out of the nrc (long term operation) fund and nrc (stabilisation) fund for undertaking agricultural activities.
when i talk of development, i want to put emphasis on six things, modi said, adding that this six-point programme will ensure irrigation facilities to farmers and power connection to villages and industries.
agriculture minister tota singh said: we have been maintaining records of all suicides on our own since 2011, so there is no need for a fresh survey.
(file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has said that micro-irrigation for agriculture will not only save water but also increase the productivity.
co/g1usbs8jia  modi (@narendramodi) december 16, 2018hitting out at the karnataka government where the congress is an alliance partner, modi said, the congress has been speaking big things about loan waiver, but all of them are lies.
referring to two young entrepreneurs working in sikkim on an agriculture start-up, pm modi said, it is a great way of linking agriculture to the start-up india campaign.
in a statement, siddaramaiah said the series of farmer suicides had deeply distressed and pained him.
speaking at the valedictory ceremony of the golden jubilee celebration of the university of agricultural sciences, bangalore, siddaramaiah said the commission would look into how farmers could get good prices for their produce.
however, keeping the drought in view, ram has asked officials to transfer money even to farmers who have not linked their account to aadhaar till april 30.
karnataka milk federation (kmf) director, who looks into co-operative societies, dr babu said the societies started putting money directly to the farmers/producers account after demonetisation move.
chairing a district-level drought review meeting here on tuesday, ram asked the officials to work on a war footing to ensure proper drinking water supply, availability of fodder, increased number of man days under mgnreg scheme and proper healthcare in affected areas.
pointing out that a special crop loss assessment report was already being prepared to assess crop damage due to rain, amarindersingh said losses due to fire caused by any other reason will be compensated from the cms relief fund.
crop insurancepatna: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh on friday said the centre has extended to august 31 the last date to enrol in the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana for bihar, aimed at enabling farmers to avail insurance cover against crop loss because of natural calamities.
talking about the governments objective of doubling the farmers income by 2022, modi said swaminathan had recently given him some suggestions on which he was working.
have faith in the son who hails froma farmer's family, said siddaramaiah , as he came under fire from the opposition bjp and jds who have launched anall out offensive against him for allegedly neglecting farmers and having visited the house of even a single victim.
reiterating state congress commitment to waive off farmers debts if it comes to power in punjab, amarinder assured the farmers that their plight would end after the assembly elections.
about the steps taken by government to protect farmers like setting up of enforcement cells at district level to keep a check on private money lenders and repayment of dues to sugarcane farmers, ram said government is planning to constitute an expert committee.
speaking further, nitishkumar said that restoration of lakhandei to its old course was very important because its drying up and the river shifting and taking another course had led to a situation in which farmers were not getting water for irrigating their crops.
we told farmers what we could do in five years and we did it, naidu said and sat back, while the chief minister was found laughing at the reaction of the former.
responding to a question on the police firing on farmers in madhya pradesh, ram said the problem being faced by farmers now has not been created overnight.
(file photo) stating that her apprehensions have been proven true, mamatabanerjee said rampant job loss has been reported from across the country with the agriculture and unorganised sectors being the worst hit.
all-party delegation to be taken to delhi to resolve sugar cane issuebelagavi: july 1, 2015, dhns 1:10 istthe state government will pay the sugar cane farmers after auctioning the sugar stock seized from the factories, chief minister siddaramaiah has said.
only 80,000 of four lakh farmers got crop loans this kharif season under the governments restructured crop loan scheme.
addressing the convention organised by the bharatiya janata party at the angadi institute of technology and management, modi said farmers who are not able to cultivate lands due to dry spells during the sowing season would also get insurance cover.
compensation to farmers after joint survey report: cmapril 18, 2015, gangavati (koppal dist), dhns 2:32 istcompensation to farmers for the crops they have lost to unseasonal rain in five districts of the hyderabad-karnataka region would be given once officials of agriculture and revenue departments conduct a joint survey and submit a detailed report, chief minister siddaramaiah said on friday.
the low water level has also impacted the agriculture operation under the command area, ram said.
apmc secretary ram said that online trading will ensure that farmers are not cheated.
watch what else is making newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, arunjaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
talking about the condition of agriculture in punjab, he said the traditional crops were not beneficial because the input cost was higher than output.
congress vice-president gandhi said on wednesday the uttar pradesh governments decision to waive off crop loans of up to rs 1 lakh of small and marginal farmers in the state is a partial relief but a step in the right direction.
the schemes announced on friday will have impact on at least 12 crore families of small farmers, pm modi claimed.
rahul, during an interactive session with farmers in gannaur in haryana, said farmers in kutch were crying when they met him.
we would also be happy to share best practices in organic farming with kenyan farmers, said modi at a joint press conference with kenyatta.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (file photo) west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (file photo)west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said the centre must announce a farm loan waiver across the country and claimed that the farmers were in distress due to demonetisation.
prime minister modi said, the mandate given to him in 2019 elections was not just to run india but to create a new india, adding that the country had seen several positive developments in the last five-years during which the youth, women, farmers and the poor were put at the centre of governments programmes.
inaugurating a three-day international conference on organic bihar, nitishkumar said: to achieve sustainable agriculture growth, organic farming has to be expanded.
liquidity is very important for farmers so that they continue to invest in their agriculture and grow healthy crop, nagar said.
after four years in office, prime minister narendramodi has announced his intention to give farmers msps that are at least 50 per cent above the cost (a2+fl and not c2).
he said chief minister parkashsinghbadal and deputy chief minister sukhbir singh badal have announced many a times that the sad is committed to safeguard the waters of punjab and it would go to any length, including sacrificing their own lives, for the safety and security of punjabis in general and farmers in particular.
in punjab's context, amarindersingh said the agriculture sector, which was largely dependent on cash transactions, had been hit hard, along with the informal sector.
jaipur: rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje on thursday said it was first time in the history of the state that a government has waived farm loans of up to rs 50,000.
calling demonetisation a morally and ethically correct decision, arunjaitley asked the opposition not to defend black money in the name of farmers.
in his memorandum to the team, siddaramaiah said 119 human lives has been lost since april 2013 and 11,536 houses damaged; 1,33,572 hectare agriculture crops damaged at an estimated loss of 320.
a state government release on sunday describing all who came to see modi said that national,state and local leaders,young and old,men and women,eunuchs,jean-clad urban youth,farmers,tribals,maldharis,many in their traditional attire,individually and in groups,each representing their nativity, showed their solidarity with the chief minister on his mission.
(source: pti photo)exhorting farmers to adopt modern technology, prime minister modi on monday said his government has decided to double their income by 2022 when india would celebrate 75 years of independence.
prime minster modi has said that the government was taking steps to double farmers income by 2022, and let me say that if we fail to do so then you can kick the bjp out of power, he added.
salem: prime minister narendra modi has not responded to a request seeking his appointment for an all-party delegation from tamil nadu to urge him to set up the cauvery management board, said chief minister edappadik.palaniswami talking to reporters in the city on sunday, palaniswami said the pmo has not granted appointment for a delegation of all-party representatives and farmers even after a reminder of the request was sent.
the state governments impetus on greater investments in the agriculture sector has resulted in generation of rs 40,000-crore income to farmers in the last one year in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday.
interacting with farmers during pagri sambaal kisaana, a programme of jat maha sabha, in faridkot, amarindersingh said: white is unlucky for punjab.
farmers in the malaprabha river basin are losing patience since the dispute has been referred to a tribunal which could take a long time to deliver its final order, siddaramaiah said.
modi also said that soil health cards were given to 14 crore farmers in the country, including 1.
chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers(file photo) chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers(file photo)in a move to quell the tension that arose after farmers protest turned violent on tuesday in madhya pradesh, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on wednesday said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers.
agriculture patna: deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi said the centre should extend its full economic co-operation to the state to achieve the goal of a second green revolution.
farmers in the malaprabha river basin are losing patience since the dispute has been referred to a tribunal which could take a long time to deliver its final order, ram said.
when asked if the state government would convene a special session to discuss the drought situation, siddaramaiah said the subject was discussed at length during the earlier legislature session.
this year has turned out to be the year of highest number of farmer suicides.
in case of rail transportation, the subsidy would be 50 paise per kg of potatoes and re one for a kg if it was shipped abroad, mamatabanerjee said adding these measures would help farmers to avoid distress sale.
observing that there was no difference between the centre and states on paying enhanced compensation, modi said, political considerations should not come in the way of a solution that would facilitate development of rural areas, and greater prosperity for farmers.
accusing the previous congress regimes of gujarat of creating polity of the love of chair,chief minister modi today said unlike them,his government was working for farmers welfare.
prime minister narendramodi had announced the pm crop insurance scheme, the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana, in 2015.
addressing media persons here on thursday to share his first impressions about the union budget, mr. rajender said that the centre had announced rs. 2,000 crore would be allocated for minimum support price (msp) operations for all crops but this amount should be increased if it is to truly benefit the farmers.
with regard to taxation of agriculture income, jaitley said centre does not have the power to impose tax on agriculture.
responding to clarifications from members, siddaramaiah said the government will constitute an agriculture price commission soon and come to the rescue of arecanut, coconut, coffee and cotton growers in distress.
2.34pm: narendra modi has betrayed farmers.
cm warns of action against usurious lendersjuly 19, 2015, bengaluru, dhns 1:16 istmoneylenders pressuring farmers for high rates of interest and eventually driving them to suicide will be held responsible for their death, chief minister ram said on saturday.
central teams will be visiting the drought hit areas on november 7 and 8, ram said.
in september 2014, modi had asked multinational cola giants pepsico and coca-cola to help indian farmers in increasing their fruit sales by adding fresh fruit juices to their fizzy drinks.
by iansjaipur: the time has come to usher in another green revolution and the congress will do it if comes to power after the lok sabha polls, congress president rahulgandhi said at a farmers' outreach here on wednesday.
after meeting members of mahadayi and kalasa-banduri horata samanvaya samiti, farmers and kannada organisations agitating for speedy implementation of kalasa-banduri and mahadayi water projects, siddaramaiah told mediapersons at the airport here that there is no need for congress leaders from the state to convince opposition leaders in goa and maharashtra.
the badal father-son duo seems to be suffering from selective hearing and amnesia, said amarindersingh on friday, reacting to the badals allegation that he had backtracked on his farm loan waiver promise.
budget reactionsterming the budget as historic, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said it was largely a budget designed for the welfare of farmers, development of the poor and a budget that empowers women.
on charges of ap copying telangana schemes, babu said andhra pradesh achieved 11  growth in agriculture and allied sectors in the last four years whereas the overall growth of telangana stands at 0.
instead of waiting for the unions move to waive off farm loans, ram should announce the states decision.
underlining the vision of doubling the income of farmers by 2022, the 75th independence of the country, modi said, from this land of uttar pradesh, i urge all the states to give priority to agriculture and then see the changes.
reiterating the decision to hike milk procurement price for farmers by re 1 from existing rs 4 to rs 5 per litre of milk, ram said the new price will come into effect from december 10.
suicide not a solutioncommenting on the recent string of farmer suicides in the state, siddaramaiah said that suicide is not a solution.
at a rally in east midnapore yesterday, mamatabanerjee told the gathering, largely constituting farmers, that fdi and fertiliser price hikes would ruin them and leave them landless.
ryot leader sunanda ram said farmers in mandya district are suffering due to severe drought and there is no sufficient water in the krs dam.
this (agriculture) is an area where india and the bank can fruitfully join hands, prime minister narendramodi said while formally opening the 52nd african development bank's (afdb) annual event on tuesday.
however, s r ram , president of sulur neervalam payanpaduthuvor sangam , a farmers association in the area, said they had been drawing water from the lake for the past three years with the due permission from the public works department officials.
the success in agriculture needs to be extended to eastern india and scientific and technological interventions are required to make this a reality, said modi.
siddaramaiah said he will soon write a letter to prime minister narendra modi, urging him to waive at least 50  of farm loans taken from various nationalised banks in view of the severe drought in karnataka.
chief minister ram , while replying to a debate on the issue in the assembly, said the arecanut farmers need not panic following the ban.
in response to a question, amarindersingh said his government, which had inherited a bankrupt punjab, had made a good start with the farm loan waiver and employment generation schemes.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has recently announced that 128 kishan bazars have been set up across the state to ensure that farmers can sell their produce directly to markets in new delhi.
chief minister devendra fadnavis, however, did announce a relief package of rs 10,512 crore for drought-hit farmers, a move the opposition termed a cruel joke the state had played on farmers.
allocations for schemes in agriculture, rural development and infrastructure have been hiked, while electronic manufacturing and textiles have been specially marked for investment for job creation, modi said.
our special correspondentpatna: deputy chief minister modi on friday said bihar was bound to script a revolution in the agriculture sector.
terming the rail roko agitation by farmers as unfortunate, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal said the state government was ready to accept every genuine demand of the peasantry.
at the meeting of the bjp parliamentary party here, modi said the bill will benefit farmers and that the amendments brought by his government were based on suggestions and demands made by congress-ruled states and their chief ministers.
we will take action against those who fired at the farmers, he said, inviting cheers from the crowd that had braved scorching heat for over four hours to hear him speak.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das also said a time limit for farmers to pay crop insurance premiums has been extended by 15 days.
recalling the contributions of the wadiyar kings, especially nalvadi, to all fields to make mysuru a welfare state, including education, agriculture, irrigation, and industries, siddaramaiah said, since he became chief minister, roads measuring a total of 1,000 km have been laid across the district at a cost of rs 1,580 crore.
finance minister arun jaitley this month said the government will spend a record amount on rural areas and farming to help double farmers income by 2022.
allowing fdi in multi-brand retail will bring in much needed investments, technologies and efficiencies to unlock the true potential of the agricultural value chain, ram said.
farmer ram said farming has not been taken up from the last four years.
farmer suicides that were on the decline during the upa regime have now risen sharply.
state seeks rs 362 crore for flood reliefbangalore, oct 31, 2014, dhns: 13:10 istcentral teams will visit drought-hit areas on nov 7 and 8: cmchief minister ram on thursday said the state government had convinced two central teams, which visited nine flood affected districts, about the severity of the devastation and was confident that the centre would approve the relief package of rs 362 crore it had sought.
stating that five teams of bjp leaders are visiting drought-hit taluks to assess the ground reality, kumarravi said that a report would be submitted to the union government on prevailing condition in the state.
however, the badals, with their selective memory, had conveniently forgotten about this fact while accusing me of cheating the farmers on the debt waiver issue, amarindersingh said, adding that the akali leaders should check out the facts before making such unsubstantiated statements.
modi wants rbi to prepare 20-yr road map for fin inclusionmumbai, apr 2, 2015, (pti) 13:41 istprime minister modi today asked the reserve bank to prepare a 20-year road map for financial inclusion and nudged banks to be considerate in giving loans to the poor as also while making recoveries from them, especially farmers.
rampant job loss has been reported across the country with the agriculture and unorganised sector in worst shape, mamatabanerjee said.
modi said that under the bjp government's direct benefit transfer scheme, pm-kisan, rs 75,000 crore would be allocated annually.
puliyur nagar , a farmer from the tamil maanila congress who participated in the meeting, said.
lucknow, sep 21 , 2015, dhns: 1:34 istunion hrd minister smritiirani on sunday said she was not scared of the legal notice from congress over her claims that rajiv gandhi trust had grabbed 65 acres of farmers' land in amethi.
by september 30, 2018, my government will go cashless, manoharparrikar said while speaking at a seminar organised by nabard (national bank for agriculture and rural development) at a function here.
press trust of india, dharwad, may 28 2017, 0:17 istthe future of agriculture in india depends on reclaiming 147 million hectares of land which has been degraded for various reasons, a s kirankumar , the chairman of indian space research organisation (isro), has said.
congress state president g ram said the distressed farming community had again met with disappointment.
ap announces debt cut for farmershyderabad, dec 4, 2014, dhns: 1:08 istbenefiting 22,79,000 families of andhra pradesh, chief minister nara babu announced waiver of loan not exceeding rs 50,000 taken by farmers from banks between 2007-2013.
later, at a party event at which former vice-chancellor of the university of agricultural sciences, dr r dwarkeenath, was feted, siddaramaiah said he and modi were poles apart.
i had written to the union minister of environment and forests in january saying that interested parties who failed to win the confidence of farmers (on transgenic crops) are now pushing the technology through public institutions, nitishkumar said.
seeking to turn the tables on congress over its president's 'hawabaazi' (empty talk) barb at modi, smritiirani said the real 'hawabaazi' would be rahul gandhi declaring himself to be a messiah of farmers as she attacked the congress vice president over the amethi land row.
speaking at a farmers rally in belagavi region of karnataka, modi said, we must strive to facilitate the linkage of rivers.
we will raise this topic in parliament as well, gandhi told media after meeting with the farmers.
drawing an analogy between the economic acumen of indira gandhi and modi, siddaramaiah said the former took a revolutionary step to nationalise 14 banks in 1969 to enable farmers, daily-wagers and others to avail benefits of banking.
taking a dig at congress-led punjab government, modi said, in punjab too congress has fooled farmers to grab power.
making drought-proofing a priority area, arunjaitley said as many as 28.
patna: india and china can benefit and learn more from exchange in the fields of education, tourism, industry, agriculture and infrastructure technology, chief minister nitishkumar on thursday said while welcoming a 12-member chinese delegation led by communist party of china secretary of gansu province lu hao.
punjab chief minister amarindersingh (pti/file) punjab chief minister amarindersingh (pti/file)punjab chief minister captain amarindersingh on friday said his government would soon announce its decision on farm debt waiver based on the recommendations of the t haq expert committee, which is scheduled to submit its report shortly.
our mantra is to provide education to boys and girls, income for youth, irrigation facility to farmers and medicines to elders, modi said.
despite good rains,the entire country,its villages,farmers and poor people are still struggling with life, modi said,criticising the policies of the upa government with regard to poverty and agricultural growth.
modi said he assured wickremesinghe of india's continuing commitment to its development partnership - in infrastructure, railways, energy, community development projects, agriculture, capacity building, science and technology, space and civil nuclear field.
after being the nation's food bowl for almost four decades, captain amarindersingh said that time has come to move beyond agriculture.
tamil culture minister k pandiarajan , representing the aiadmk, justified the rs 71,000 crore spent annually for such schemes, saying initiatives like free cycles for girls had even won praise from the world bank, while manuraj ram (dmk) said provision of subsidized rice copped flak but after implementation actually liberated agriculture.
addressing a kisan chetna dharna organised by the partys kisan cell here, he also sought to allay apprehensions about the feasibility of the debt waiver in view of punjabs financial situation.
while pitching in for a deeper india-africa partnership on clean energy, sustainable habitats, public transport and climate resilient agriculture, modi said it is also true that the excess of few cannot become the burden of many.
later, talking to media persons, amarindersingh said the state government will compensate the farmers if the centre does not meet their demand for withdrawal of value cut on the minimum support price (msp) in the procurement of wheat due to damage to crops by unseasonal rain.
there are incentives for farmers who repaid loans in time.
ram prasad ram , secretary of the jamuna valley dairy cooperative society said the banks intervention has resulted in more income to the farmers which has motivated the producers to concentrate on cattle rearing.
congress spokesperson sachin sawant said that modi , speaking in the temple town of shirdi on october 19, said that 16,000 villages in maharashtra have become drought-free thanks to the jalyukt shivar scheme.
modi said loan waiver of small and marginal farmers would be the first decision if the bjp came to power in the state.
the farmers in the region are depressed and distressed as there were no rains in the area since june 18, and the crops that they sowed dried up.
priyanka gandhi in a statement on thursday said the agricultural land bought by her in in amipur village of faridabad district or other property acquired by her had no links to finances of her husband, his skylight hospitality or reality major dlf.
the state government needs to design farmer-friendly policies, he said.
repeated loan waivers by various state governments distort credit pricing, thereby also disrupting the credit market, former rbi governor ram had said.
making a strong outreach to the crisis-ridden farming community, modi said the kisan channel is aimed at helping drive farm income by supplying key information, such as weather, market and demand.
no incentive for sugarcane farmers, says cmmandya: oct 18, 2014, dhns: 23:22 istchief minister siddaramaiah said, no incentive will be paid to sugarcane farmers like last year as a committee has been formed to fix price for the produce.
had they fixed the minimum support price (msp) of crops earlier, the farmers would not have fallen into the debt trap at all, said modi adding that his government had taken initiatives including fixing msp for 22 crops to double farmers income in the days to come.
through the gujarat model, modi ji showed that he can snatch the land of farmers quite easily and convinced the industrialists that he can do the same in the whole country.
it is, however, essential that cold chain is maintained after treatment of the fruit, said dr rajeshkumar , assistant director, department of agriculture, bihar.
all-party delegation to be taken to delhi to resolve sugar cane issuebelagavi: july 1, 2015, dhns 1:10 istthe state government will pay the sugar cane farmers after auctioning the sugar stock seized from the factories, chief minister ram has said.
congress chiefs charge that farmers did not get narmada waters irks cmtargeting congress chief sonia gandhi once again,chief minister modi on friday said she had not done her homework and offered assistance in drafting her speeches.
the families of the farmers (who were killed in mandsaur last year) will get justice in 10 days and we will take action against those responsible for the firing, says the congress president.
can't release water to tamil nadu, says cmmysuru/bengaluru, sep 6, 2015, dhns: 2:41 istchief minister ram said on saturday it would be difficult for the state to release cauvery water to tamil nadu this month owing to severe drought in karnataka.
people used to say india cannot be changed, we have successfully changed that thought itself, modi said whileclaiming that the country was taking big strides in every sphere from sports to space, healthcare to agriculture, economy and education.
attacking the congress at a public meeting at upa chairperson sonia gandhi's home turf, modi said the party neither bothered about jawans nor farmers.
dev rajpatna: chief minister nitishkumar on wednesday said the government had decided to implement the bihar rajya fasal sahayata yojna to protect farmers against the vagaries of nature as they were not benefiting from the centre's crop insurance scheme.
if elected to power, the congress will write off debt of each farmer in chhattisgarh in 10 days, gandhi told the gathering.
at a post-budget press conference here, mamatabanerjee also said the key exercise was more focussed on the agriculture sector while the recently concluded bengal global business summit was directed at the industry.
when a minister entrusted with the welfare of the farmers cannot relate to their problems and is absolutely indifferent to their plight, one can well imagine which way the country is headed, amarindersingh said.
they are focusing not so much on farmers, not so much on agriculture, gandhi said.
the ruling bjp does seem to have realized that climate change and droughts are a growing concern, and prime minister modi announced a separate ministry for water called jal shakti.
he added that hed meet chairmen and senior officials of nationalised banks about farm loans in their banks to seek their feedback on loan waiver and frame guidelines accordingly.
modi said gujarats agriculture growth rate used to be half of the national rate in the past.
during the talks, modi said india and vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration, renewable energy, agriculture and textiles.
mandsaur farmers protest: union minister m.venkaiahnaidu said that madhya pradesh is an island of calm, while urging congress to not politicise the issue.
by ptinew delhi: niti aayog vice chairman rajivkumar today said imposition of tax on agriculture income has always been considered by 'successive governments', even as he cautioned that any such move should be taken once the sector is productive and attached to modern scientific methods.
addressing the agitators, congress chief gandhi said, farmers are not asking for a reward or free gift, but only their rightful due.
he hit out at union minister harsimrat kaur badal, accusing her of failing to protect the interest of punjab farmers despite being a part of the centre.
k ram ram , deputy station manager, tuggali railway station, says, out of 400 to 500 passengers who leave this station every day, 200 to 300 are farmers and coolies migrating for work.
speaking to reporters in bengaluru, ram said that rahul would visit the houses of farmers who ended their lives due to debt in mandya district on october 9.
however, keeping the drought in view, siddaramaiah has asked officials to transfer money even to farmers who have not linked their account to aadhaar till april 30.
jai park said the farmers, already reeling from the lower price, feel cheated by the government for not offering adequate compensation for the land.
later interacting with the villagers of munak in karnal district, manoharlalkhattar said the responsibility for implementing the swaminathan commission report rested with former chief minister hooda, who was then chairman of the working group of chief ministers on agriculture production, set up on agriculture.
modi said that his governments journey toward developing india is built on investments in infrastructure, agriculture, manufacturing and services.
india and israel will strengthen the existing cooperation in agriculture, technology and security, modi said at a joint media event with netanyahu.
bangalore, july 25, 2013, dhns: 23:32 istchief minister siddaramaiah on thursday announced the formation of a cabinet sub-committee to suggest amendments to the forest dwellers (recognition of forest rights) act, 2006, to protect the interests of farmers who have been cultivating in forest land for many years.
during his africa visit, there were discussions on encouraging engagement, especially in the areas of agriculture, health, pharmaceuticals, ict, minerals and mining, diamond trading, railways and infrastructure and logistics, naidu said.
hemant said initially prime minister narendramodi had said that his government would safeguard farmers' land, but later tried to bring in land acquisition bill to usurp farmland.
there are 25,000 villages, out of the total 40,000 villages in maharashtra, which are drought hit.
jaise congress ne desh ko 'gharibi hatao' ke naare ke saath thaga, vo ab desh ko karzmaafi ke naam par thag rahi hai (congress, which cheated people with 'eradicate porverty' slogan in the past, is cheating with loan waiver),modi said the congress in punjab, too, had made big promises to farmers, but deceived them after coming to power.
what they have done in the name of loan waiver for farmers will go down in history as one of the most cruel jokes on farmers, modi had said at a rally recently.
but many of the committee members are politically motivated and acting in their own interest rather than pursuing the interests of the farmers, ram told reporters in nashik.
(file photo)farmers protest continued unabated in many parts of western madhya pradesh on monday even as chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said his government is taking all necessary steps to address the issues of agitating farmers.
b'as whether the land in singur would be fit for cultivation again, mamatabanerjee said: according to some agricultural experts, as no farming had taken place there for a decade, it was now more fertile than before.
recently, pm modi announced the decision to provide the msp (minimum support price) which shall be one and a half times the input cost for any agricultural produce for both rabi and kharif crops.
speaking on the issue, chavan said, farmers are not getting loan waiver or crop insurance and cannot even avail crop loans.
naidu asked the congress to behave in a more mature and responsible manner to help restore normalcy in the hotbed of the farmers protest, instead of fanning sentiments.
ashok chavan, maharashtra congress president, said the state has been conveniently ignoring farmers suicides and other issues related to farmers despite raising them repeatedly.
on a days visit to odisha to participate in sabka saath sabka vikas (sssv) sammelan and other programmes organised by bjp to celebrate completion of three years by narendra modi government at the centre, naidu said waiver of farm loans depends on the financial viability of individual state.
it will also help farmers earn more, modi said.
saying that the plastic menace was a form of land degradation which would be impossible to reverse, modi said that apart from adverse health implications, it is going to render land unproductive and unfit for agriculture.
likewise, badal said that the announcement on embarking kisan yatra, a special travel scheme to help farmers to learn about new farming and marketing techniques, would also go a long way in bailing out the farmers from current agrarian crisis.
prime minister modi says that farmers are getting irrigation and electricity facilities, but they are getting power for only four to six hours that too when they go to sleep.
emphasising that broad-based and wide-ranging cooperation in agriculture and food security was a shared priority, modi said the two sides were collaborating to raise agricultural productivity in kenya.
the lake is being renovated at a cost of rs 17 crore and on completion, about 23,000 acre of land would get irrigation facilities, manoharlalkhattar said.
pune: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh on tuesday said the cooperative sector could play a pivotal role in bridging the rich-poor gap and help the country achieve sab ka saath, sab ka vikas.
the additional tax for crop compensation, crop insurance and integrated watershed management was levied in october 2015 after severe agrarian crisis in several parts of the state.
the state governments have to do nothing but just make a list of all the deserving farmers with full honesty, and send the list to us, said modi.
addressing a press conference in bengaluru, siddaramaiah said prime minister narendra modi had recently spoken about doubling the income of farmers by 2022, but no measure to make it a reality was reflected in the budget.
this is my assurance to you (farmers), amarinder said.
the mounting farm debts was making the agriculture in punjab increasingly unsustainable, endangering not only the food security of the nation but also the social fabric of this sensitive border state, said amarindersingh , citing the pioneering role of punjab in the production of foodgrain and thereby in national food security.
our special correspondentpatna: deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi on friday said bihar was bound to script a revolution in the agriculture sector.
the loan waiver was given to only 800 farmers, modi had claimed.
improved insurance coverage to crops is being ensured under the pm fasal bima yojna, naidu said, while pointing towards other initiatives such as soil health cards, organic farming, agri-markets, kisan suvidha and better minimum support prices.
speaking at a rally after participating in a padayatra with rahul from maidur to gudagur in ranebennur taluk on saturday, chief minister ram said the compensation to families of farmers who have committed suicide will be increased from rs 2 lakh to rs 5 lakh.
jain said: the farmers will be provided with an online soil health card.
sagar kulkarni, feb 3, 2017, dhns 8:48 istdateline: new delhidays after prime minister narendramodi announced scrapping of high value currency notes, agriculture ministry officials were eagerly awaiting the details about sowing for rabi crops across the country.
central team to be sent to karnataka to assess drought: pmnew delhi, aug 24, 2015, (pti) 19:18 ista central team is being sent to karnataka soon to assess the drought situation there, prime minister modi told an all-party delegation from the state led by chief minister siddaramaiah which raised the matter along with a number of other issues.
modi also said the poorvanchal and bundelkhand expressways would transform the economy of the two regions as farmers and traders would get national and international connectivity.
though the house has already discussed the issue of unseasonal rains and hailstorm destroying standing crops, the government was ready to have another debate on the plight of the farmers, ram said.
he said today: modi said, 'i will change the life of farmers'.
modi to address farmers' rally in belagavi on february 27hubballi, feb 9, 2016, dhns: 3:11 iststate bjp president pralhad ram announced on monday that prime minister narendra modi would address a farmers convention to be held in belagavi on february 27.
on a days visit to odisha to participate in sabka saath sabka vikas (sssv) sammelan and other programmes organised by bjp to celebrate completion of three years by narendra modi government at the centre, ram said waiver of farm loans depends on the financial viability of individual state.
all that modi said in 2014 is jumla  bringing back black money, giving employment to two crore people, implementing the recommendations of the swaminathan committee report to help resolve farmer woes.
chief minister siddaramaiah reportedly said on wednesday that the farmer had died due to excessive consumption of liquor and that his government was not responsible for the farmers death.
to this, modi said these problems were being faced by sugarcane farmers across the country and the union government is a taking a number of steps to address them.
siddaramaiah further said compensation would be distributed to the kin of the deceased farmers.
in his message, siddaramaiah said the state hit by monsoon failure and drought will be blessed with a good north east monsoon that will raise the hopes for rabi crops.
modi said on ambedkar jayanti on april 14 he would launch national agriculture market e-platform for farmers enabling them to know market price of their produce through mobile phones.
pm wants 50 pc farmers to join crop insurance scheme in 2 yrsnew delhi, jan 31, 2016, (pti) 14:22 isthighlighting benefits of the just- announced crop insurance scheme, prime minister modi today said awareness about it should be spread across the country so that at least 50 per cent of the farmers join it within two years.
holding private money lenders responsible for most instances of farmer suicides in the region, ram said stern action will be taken against them.
lop naidu said that congress must clarify why there has been delay in the farm loan waiver announced by the government.
read | amid complaints, up cm yogi orders framing of anti-romeo guidelinesfarmer loan waiverat his first cabinet meeting, yogiadityanath said the state government would waive loans of rs 36,359 crore taken by about 94 lakh small and marginal farmers uttar pradesh.
farmers who have taken loans of amount rs 5 lakhs will now have to pay only 2 per cent interest instead 12-15 per cent, manoharlalkhattar said.
on friday, as he got up to welcome m venkaiah naidu as rajya sabha chairman, pm modi said that it is a reflection of the strength of our constitution and the maturity of our democracy that all top constitutional positions today are occupied by the poor and sons of farmers or commoners.
i am ecstatic that there would be no levy of gst on services rendered by government, reserve bank of india, public conveniences, educational institution, services relating to agriculture, transmission or distribution of electricity, renting of residential dwelling for use as a residence, burial, healthcare, specified schemes of general insurance etc, mohan said.
ipr attorney p gandhi , who has obtained the maximum number of gi tags in the country, said seeraga samba rice could be cultivated throughout the year in the paddy growing tracks of the state since the grains could withstand intermittent drought even at its critical stages of growth.
in case the farmers suffer any loss, it would be compensated by this pradhikaran, manoharlalkhattar said.
stating that the government was floundering to account the actual energy consumed and the transmission and distribution losses, ram said farmers continue to consume maximum power when compared to farmers of other states.
while welcoming former aap leader dr daljit singh in the party, amarindersingh said, `` he wanted to fight the chief minister on his home turf of lambi as he wanted to defeat all the top akali leaders responsible for destroying the state through their drugs, mafia and goonda raj, and guilty of ruining its trade, industry and agriculture.
4.17pm: the congress president says that modis government has not contributed a single rupee towards the farm loan waiver in karnataka.
read: pm modi coins new acronyms for bc and ad to take a swipe at congress, says it is 'before congress' and after dynasty'for the first time in india's history, a government has spoken about doubling of farmer's income rather than giving them loan waivers as promised by opposition as a part of their election propaganda.
addressing a public rally in valsad district of gujarat, gandhi also claimed that the modi government refused to waive farmers' loans but wrote off rs 3.
watch what else is making newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, jaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
finance minister arunjaitley (file photo) finance minister arunjaitley (file photo)finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said the government does not plan to impose any tax on agricultural income, dismissing the suggestion of niti aayog member bibek debroy.
opposition leader ram ram said the cabinet should take a decision on it without passing the ball to the kerala state farmers debt relief commission.
skeptical about up farm loan waiveron the uttar pradesh government waiving farm loans, benefiting 86 lakh farmers, ram said he does not know if the centre had chipped in.
naidu announces schedule for massive loan waiver initiativehyderabad, dec 4, 2014, (pti) 19:39 istseeking to fulfill a key election promise, andhra pradesh chief minister n naidu today announced to waive off farm loan of up to rs 1.
chandigarh: the haryana government is in talks with various companies for the domestic production of bio-fuel from stubble and also has plans to provide agriculture implements to farmers on subsidised rates to keep a check on the practice of burning paddy stubble in the state, chief minister manoharlalkhattar said.
addressing a farmers rally on the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana in the western odisha town of bargarh, modi said there has been a storm of protests ever since he became prime minister.
by 2015, the farmers of devanahalli, kolar and chikkaballapur will have to migrate elsewhere, says shivanapura ram , a farmer from devanahalli.
55pm:rahul gandhi says the congress has stood with the farmers from the fields to parliament.
farmers aidguwahati: assam chief minister sarbanandasonowal on monday said the state government had envisaged to provide accident insurance coverage to one lakh fish farmers.
recalling yeddyurappas tenure as chief minister, ram said that, when congress leader v s ugrappa asked yeddyurappa, the then chief minister, to waive off farm loans in the legislative council, yeddyurappa said that he had no note printing machine.
new delhi: with newly formed congress governments in mp and chhattisgarh clearing farm loan waivers, party chief gandhi said the opposition will not let pm narendra modi sleep at night till he announces agriculture loan amnesty nationally.
again attacking the congress, modi said: the previous government first made the farmer take a loan and is now doing the drama of loan waiving.
it is important to empower poor farmers with information and communication technology to increase farm productivity and protect their livelihoods, siddaramaiah said.
this story is from december 12, 2018picture used for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citybhopal: a year after the incident of firing in mandsaur leading to death of six farmers, the congress president gandhi in june this year announced that the farmers loan would be waived within 10 days if his party comes to power in madhya pradesh.
otherwise, the mass anger due to agrarian distress, demonetisation or rising fuel prices among others will not have led to humiliation for the bjp in the assembly polls, omarabdullah said at an event here.
stating that he was himself a son of a farmer, ram said his government would make farmer welfare its priority.
the cause for concern is not only the high suicide rate but the entire agrarian crisis.
our pro-poor schemes such as cheaper foodgrain to poor people, free milk supply to students, interest-free loans to farmers and welfare schemes to other sections of society are benefiting the people across the state, ram said.
earlier, attacking the narendra modi government on demonetisation, congress president gandhi on wednesday said that the note ban policy has destroyed lives of crores of farmers.
pointing out that online trading of agriculture produce has been introduced in around 30 apmcs in the state to minimise the role of middlemen and make farming profitable, siddaramaiah claimed that it was a first-of-its-kind experiment in the nation and was being replicated in other states.
addressing a two-day meet of the all india congress seva dal, gandhi said every sections of the society, be it farmers, youths or small-scale traders, suffered under the modi government and they should get justice.
modi said, the number of farmers suicides in vidarbha alone surpasses the total number of soldiers killed in the battlefield.
central team to be sent to karnataka to assess drought: pmnew delhi, aug 24, 2015, (pti) 19:18 ista central team is being sent to karnataka soon to assess the drought situation there, prime minister narendramodi told an all-party delegation from the state led by chief minister siddaramaiah which raised the matter along with a number of other issues.
by 2022 when the country would be celebrating the 75th year of its independence, the income of an indian farmer should be more than two times what he is earning now, modi said while addressing a farmers rally in bargarh town in odisha.
the centres new notification imposing restrictions on cattle trade will cause an enormous financial burden on farmers, thereby further contributing to the agrarian crisis, karnataka chief minister ram has said in a letter to prime minister narendra modi.
after four years in office, prime minister modi has announced his intention to give farmers msps that are at least 50 per cent above the cost (a2+fl and not c2).
modi said the scheme has been brought into effect after rectifying shortcomings in the earlier version and appealed to farmers to avail of its benefits.
chief secretary tom ram said the government decided to extend the moratorium considering the pathetic state of farmers.
exhorting fish farmers in the presence of animal husbandry and fisheries minister awadhesh kumar singh, agriculture minister ramvichar rai, cooperatives minister alok kumar mehta and food and consumer protection minister madan sahni, to take a pledge to produce more fish to fulfil bihar's demand and also export to other states, nitishkumar said the blue revolution in fisheries sector was a part of his concept of rainbow revolution to improve the income of people, raise their standard of living and bolster the revenue of the state.
prime minister narendramodi says that farmers are getting irrigation and electricity facilities, but they are getting power for only four to six hours that too when they go to sleep.
congratulating finance minister arun jaitley and his team, modi said farmers, dalits and tribal communities will gain from the budget.
chief minister siddaramaiah had said that the production of foodgrains in the state has declined by 15,000 tonnes, but he has not bothered to safeguard the interest of farmers.
nagpur: in a veiled warning to the opposition, chief minister devendra fadnavis on sunday said his government would expose all wrongdoings made in their tenure of 15 years, due to which the farmers were committing suicides.
siddaramaiah said, i am fully aware of the travails faced by the agrarian community.
making a statement in the assembly later in the day, ram said: it is not possible to release tamil nadus share according to the final award as our farmers very much need water during this four-month period.
purvi champaran (bihar)key contestants: radhamohansingh (bjp), akash singh (rlsp)main factors and issues: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh , who is serving his fifth term as an mp from purvi champaran, earlier known as motihari, has announced this to be his last election.
chief minister prithvirajchavan said talks were on with the karnataka government to get water from the almatti dam to tackle the worsening drought situation in the state.
farmers will be able to sell their produce directly to factories.
notably, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had said in december last year that the bjp-led state government succeeded in curbing the farmers suicides by nearly 40 per cent in the worst-affected yavatmal district of vidarbha with the help of baliraja chetna abhiyan.
talking about development works taken during the four and a half years long regime of prime minister narendra modi led central government, smritiirani said: under the leadership of prime minister modi, whether it is the interest of the nation, farmers or common men, every sector has witnessed remarkable improvement.
i have said time and again i am ready to accept any suggestion that is in farmers' interest, said modi.
dismissing the farmers protests, union agriculture minister radha mohan singh said, to get the medias spotlight, people are doing stunts, trying to do something unique.
earlier, after reviewing the drought situation, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said, the government has set up 12,064 cattle camps and deployed 4,774 water tankers in 12,116 villages.
association president ram said, wallajah lake, which is under pwds control, receives water from neyveli mines and villages in this area use the lake water for drinking and agricultural purposes.
our government is committed for the security as well as the prosperity of all sections of society, pm modi said while enumerating several of the government schemes floated by the government over past five years for farmers, tribals, nomads etc.
but even as mamatabanerjee announced wednesday, from the mammoth stage set up for the first singur utsav that she was against land acquisition and will never allow forcible acquisition in bengal ever again, even as she vowed to protect farmers and their lands, in the same breath she said that her government will push for industrial investment in the state.
reiterating his governments commitment to the poor, farmer and women, modi said keeping his promise over 1500 villages had received electricity during the last two and a half years.
farmers' suicide; cm siddaramaiah to lead all party delegation to pmhubballi(karna), aug 5, 2015, (pti) 16:53 istkarnataka chief minister siddaramaiah today said he will lead an all party delegation to the prime minister to seek more relief funds in the wake of farmer suicides, unseasonal rains and drought like situation in certain parts of the state.
chief minister siddaramaiah said: while the kvks have effectively implemented our policies, more capacity building for farmers needs to be done.
once the report comes in, we will take measures to compensate farmers, nitishkumar said.
chandigarh: haryana cm manoharlalkhattar on friday announced that compensation of rs 12,000 per acre would be given to those farmers whose crop has been damaged due to water logging and said that it has also been decided to give compensation of rs 6000 per acre to those farmers who were unable to sow their crop due to the water logging.
you just count for 10 days  our government will come up with policy to waive farmer debt, said gandhi.
it is important to empower poor farmers with information and communication technology to increase farm productivity and protect their livelihoods, ram said.
admitting that about 85 lakh farmers across the southern state were in debt for raising bank loans, he said they were in distress due to recurring droughts and crop failures over the years.
when modijis government came, farmers were promised full help, but across the country farmers are committing suicide, gandhi said.
as whether the land in singur would be fit for cultivation again, mamatabanerjee said: according to some agricultural experts, as no farming had taken place there for a decade, it was now more fertile than before.
modi, then the bjps pm face, had held discussions at dabhadi with farmers at chai pe charcha, an interactive event that was part of the bjps campaign.
the developments came a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that maharashtra government will come out with a loan waiver before october 31, which will benefit 1.
this is not even counting the cost of the farmers land as capital investment, the cm says in the letter.
punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal (file photo)punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal on monday announced a grant of rs 10 crore as compensation to farmers whose cotton crops were extensively damaged due to the whitefly menace.
in her message to the family of jakhar, gandhi said, the congress party as indeed the entire nation will forever remember the contributions made by him during the course of his long public life, particularly to the cause of farming community.
gandhi said, if farmers are in distress, waiver is the immediate step that needs to be taken.
recalling how the heavy monsoons this year had ruined arecanut crops in the coastal region, siddaramaiah said that the scientists from university of agriculture sciences must come up with innovative technologies.
800 farmer suicides in state: cmbengaluru, nov 19, 2015, dhns: 1:00 istchief minister ram on wednesday said as many as 800 farmers had committed suicide in karnataka.
smriti irani: watchful calcutta, april 14: union textiles minister smritiirani has asked the jute corporation of india and the national jute board to help increase the supply of certified jute seeds at a cheaper price to farmers in consultation with the national seeds corporation.
which is why farmers are our priority, says rahul gandhi.
chief minister siddaramaiah said that he has directed the cops to release farmers.
the punjab chief minister demanded radha mohan singhs resignation saying that he did not connect with the farmers woes.
taking a strong exception to the cheap political gimmicks of the opposition, manoharlalkhattar said that the opposition earlier criticised me for not meeting the prime minister on the vital issues of the syl canal, gst and the issues of farmers.
at almost every campaign rally in madhya pradesh, bjp leader shivrajsinghchouhan asks the audience if there are any beneficiaries of the congress governments farm loan waiver scheme and the crowd usually responds with a resounding no.
my speech was good but i got no response (from the government), gandhi told reporters as he exited parliament after speaking on the agrarian crisis that was pending from the first phase of the budget session.
(source: ap)prime minister narendramodi has asked 11 drought-hit states including maharashtra to take measures on a weekly basis for drought-proofing of villages till the monsoon arrives in the first week of june.
chief minister ram recently said the state had suffered a crop loss of rs 25,000 crore.
market watchers claim many farmers had stopped repaying loans soon after aicc president rahulgandhi announced plans to waive farm loans up to rs 2 lakh in 10 days after coming to power in madhya pradesh.
crippled with debts, farmers could not repay the crop loans this season owing to crop failure and are apprehensive that they would not get fresh loans in the ensuing kharif season.
(source: ap)with uncertainly prevailing over the fate of ipl matches in drought-hit maharashtra, ipl chairman shukla shukla on friday said they are committed to the welfare of the farmers and will do whatever is suggested to them.
addressing the states during niti aayog governing council meeting on april 23, modi had said, in a country where agricultural income is exceedingly important, budgets should be prepared immediately after the receipt of agricultural incomes for the year.
25pm: gandhi says he spoke to the families of the deceased farmers on phone and conveyed condolences.
when asked about the bjps stand on mahadayi and the farmers protests against his party on the issue, mr. shah said: if the bjp assumes power after the assembly polls, the new government will find a workable solution.
i will humbly ask the cm ashok gehlot to provide the required information in the interest of farmers, said modi.
chief minister siddaramaiah said 80  of farmers had availed loans from commercial banks which come under the jurisdiction of the centre.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced a slew of schemes aimed to benefit farmers.
it is for agro product value addition, modi said after laying the foundation stone of an agriculture research institute in northern assams gogamukh.
about the recently-launched crop insurance scheme, modi said it will come into force in all states from april 1, this year.
after the hailstorm and heavy rains, farmers of northern india are in distress.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said on tuesday his government was willing to discuss the farmers issue with anyone provided they do not have a political agenda as they continued their protests even after he announced a farm loan waiver for small and marginal farmers in the state.
compensation from centre for crop loss meagre: cmgulbarga, sep 6, 2014, dhns: 0:25 istchief minister siddaramaiah on saturday said that the compensation received from the central relief fund for natural disasters for crop losses due to floods was meagre.
union urban development minister m.venkaiahnaidu in gandhinagar on monday announced that the centre will decide on relaxing guidelines to pay compensation to farmers who sustained 25 per cent to 50 percent damage to their crops.
v s park , director, drought monitoring cell, said that sowing activities would increase if there are sufficient rains across the state in september.
likewise, badal also asked him to issue tubewell connections for farmers having land near the border fence on the top priority.
indian prime minister narendramodi announced a 0 million line of credit to kenya for agricultural mechanisation.
we have left with no other option except to go for agitation, said ram , one of the farmers.
urging the members to help the country move forward and help double the farmers' income by 2020, modi said, i am not an economist like dr manmohan singh.
sonia gandhi said the government had to bow down on the land ordinance and allow it to lapse due to the support from the farming community to congress' fight against the measure.
the dasara fest is special this year as it is being held after rain gods blessed the state with bountiful rains during the monsoon to ensure a bumper harvest to farmers and prosperity to the 60 million people of karnataka, ram told reporters on the occasion.
on the farm sector loan, pranabmukherjee said, against the target of flow of rs 3,75,000 crore as agricultural credit in 2010-11, the achievement has been over rs 4,46,000 crore.
follow our full election coverage hereto win over the disgruntled farmers, modi announced an annual cash payment of rs 6000 in three equal installments to as many as 120 million farmers.
r ram , 52, a former licensed shrimp farm owner now involved in agriculture, said it is mandatory to register a shrimp farm with the coastal aquaculture authority (caa) and ensure that the coastal regulation zone (crz) is not violated but many farmers do not abide by the regulations, creating a threat to biodiversity by using unrecommended chemical feeders and discharging untreated chemical effluents directly into the lake.
watch what else is making newsinitiatives in the field of health, skill development, infrastructure and agriculture were undertaken in these five villages, manoharlalkhattar said.
stating that government will withdraw cases against farmers and innocents after considering all the cases, ram in his reply said there is no pardon to those involved in causing destruction to 12 government offices,court and public property and also those who attacked police personnel.
by ptinew delhi: the leaders of all opposition parties stand united with farmers in ensuring their good future, congress president gandhi said on friday and called for a farm loan waiver.
instead of focusing on main issues, modi says his biggest achievement was to bring the us president as chief guest on republic day while farmers and small traders were suffering, the former union minister told reporters here.
in response to the bjp leaders demand for the release of a white paper on the funds released by the union government, over the past 13 years  10 years of congress-led upa and three years of the bjp-led nda governments  for tackling the natural calamities like flood and drought, siddaramaiah said, let them first take steps to release the pending rs 3,300 crore, as per our demand.
when the congress returned to power in rajasthan, the state government waived farm loans, gandhi said.
the commission set up to ascertain the farm debt quantum and to work out modalities for its waiver was expected to come out with its report soon, to pave the way for total waiver of the farmers loans, to which he was personally committed, amarindersingh said.
elaborating on the ownership of the farmers, ram said, starting from a princely rule and followed by elected governments, the farmers have been granted both revenue and forest documents related to land holdings for tilling the same.
madhya pradesh farmers protest: union minister naidu told the congress not to politicise the issue.
the cultivation of vegetables has now become an attractive work, said park , who also cultivates flowers in small beds on his agriculture land and had also received a district-level award in 2013-14 for the same.
madhya pradesh farmers protest: chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said on friday he will sit on a fast.
he, however, promised to implement swaminathan commission once he comes in power besides promising that he will reduce power tariff from existing rs 7 per unit to rs 4 per unit.
800 farmer suicides in state: cmbengaluru, nov 19, 2015, dhns: 1:00 istchief minister siddaramaiah on wednesday said as many as 800 farmers had committed suicide in karnataka.
jind: chief minister manoharlalkhattar today said land in the state will not be acquired without the consent of farmers and rates prescribed for acquisition will be paid to them without any delay.
punjab cm captain amarindersingh (file photo) punjab cm captain amarindersingh (file photo)the state level bankers committee of punjab friday said the delay in rolling out the farm debt waiver to farmers having accounts in commercial banks was affecting recoveries of commercial banks and had also turned nearly 80 per cent farmers into non-performing assets (npas).
fadnavis visit, however, failed to enthuse the farmers community, which is battling acute water shortage, crop failure and suicides.
raje had said, in the history of rajasthan, this is the first government that has waived off crop loans up to rs 50,000; the last two governments at the centre had waived off farm loans up to rs 10,000 only.
making a statement in the assembly later in the day, siddaramaiah said: it is not possible to release tamil nadus share according to the final award as our farmers very much need water during this four-month period.
b'amid clamour for his resignation over the controversial remarks on drought,maharashtra deputy chief minister ajitpawar today said any decision on the issue would be taken only after consulting party legislators.
in the union budget 2018, finance minister arunjaitley announced a 100 per cent tax deduction for farmer producer companies (fpcs) for the next five years.
they don't have money for farmers' loan waiver but they can waive loans of india's 15 richest industrialists, gandhi said.
though the ban will help farmers get livestock at a lesser price, it cannot prevent the illegal sale of animals for meat, said radhakrishnan.
when asked when was he planning to reshuffle his council of ministers, ram said he would do that after visiting drought-affected parts of karnataka.
on friday, as he got up to welcome m venkaiah naidu as rajya sabha chairman, pm narendramodi said that it is a reflection of the strength of our constitution and the maturity of our democracy that all top constitutional positions today are occupied by the poor and sons of farmers or commoners.
on a day's visit to participate in the sabka saath sabka vikas (sssv) sammelan and other programmes organised by the bjp to mark three years of the narendra modi government at the centre, ram said the waiver of farm loans depends on the financial viability of individual states.
siddaramaiah said that a report would be prepared after the cabinet sub-committees tour the state for assessing drought situation.
annapurna singh, new delhi, feb 10, 2014, dhns: 1:00 istprime minister narendramodi had claimed credit for lowering prices of petrol, diesel and other essential items while campaigning for delhi polls, but the agricultural produce market committee data from asias largest azadpur mandi showed prices of vegetables and fruits, in fact, had risen close to 100 per cent.
i have no money, said ram , a farmer from the karur district in tamil nadu, who has been protesting at jantar mantar for over three weeks now.
while enlisting the measures taken by his government for the welfare of the farmers, a combative modi told the gathering, you would have seen in the recent past, there is attack on me all the time.
slamming him for trying to exploit the sentiments of the farmers, to whom the former regime had failed to deliver even an iota of benefits, capt amarindersingh said the former deputy cm was trying to mislead the farming community in a desperate bid to wean it away from the congress.
(pti file photo, file) madhya pradesh farmers protest: union minister m.venkaiahnaidu told the congress not to politicise the issue.
addressing a farmers rally which coincided with the 75th birthday of bjp state president b s yeddyurappa, modi told the massive crowd: this seeda rupaiyya sarkar should not be allowed to continue even for a minute.
during a debate in the assembly on drought situation in the state on the first day of the budget session on thursday, naidu claimed that ysr interest-free loan scheme, announced by the chief minister, was nothing new, but an old one introduced by the kiran kumar reddy government and that the tdp government continued the same after 2014.
magisterial probe into farmer suicide orderedbelgaum, nov 28, 2013, dhns: 2:42 istchief minister siddaramaiah on thursday announced a magisterial probe into the death of sugarcane grower vithal bheemappa arabhavi amid opposition allegation that the state government was responsible for the farmers suicide and the demand for his resignation.
speaking at the programme, ram said banks have been strictly told not to serve notices on farmers, demanding repayment of loans till the region receives a good spell of rains and yield.
let centre also waive farm loans, cm sayshubballi, oct 02, 2015, dhns: 0:35 ista day after the state government announced waiver of interest on farmers medium- and long-term loans borrowed from co-operative banks, chief minister siddaramaiah asked bjp leaders to pressure the union government to waive farmers loans borrowed from the nationalised banks, or, at least the interest.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday the maharashtra government will study the uttar pradesh model of farm loan waiver, amid growing demand from across the political spectrum to help the states distressed farmers.
the state government has issued a clear target to the financial institutions to ensure allocation of agriculture loans and credit disbursement is also enhanced to arrest the dependence of over 70 per cent of the farming community on private money lenders.
in the past three years, bill recoveries had been stayed on account of the drought and other crises faced by the farm sector, fadnavis said.
on farm loans, cm devendrafadnavis said the centre was positive about institutionalising the credit system and the state will bear its share.
fadnavis said the state has been facing drought for four consecutive years.
after shiv sena relaunched its attack on the state government over loan waivers, chief minister devendrafadnavis said the demand to completely waive farm loans could not be granted immediately as it will collapse the fiscal discipline.
the cm said the cost of extending the loan waiver to 31 lakh farmers is rs 30,500 crore and if the government decided to bear it, that would mean depriving other sections of society from their social schemes.
the cm also said rather than giving loan waivers, the state will focus on sustainable growth of agriculture.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said the decision was historic as the farmers who could not benefit from the loan waiver given by the previous government in 2008-09 have been incorporated in the waiver announced by the present government.
the cm later, in the lower house, asked them to participate in the proceedings and said the state was ready to discuss the issues.
fadnavis said farmer suicides could not be stopped with loan waivers.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday announced a special package of rs10,512 crore for drought-hit farmers in maharashtra, but rejected the oppositions demand to announce a loan waiver.
fadnavis also said increasing investment in agriculture, making farmers capable and ensuring that a majority of farmers opt for crop insurance would be the best way to tackle situations such as drought.
unabated crisis over the decades* farmers suicides from 1995 to 2011: 53,818* farmers suicides from 2009 to 2014: 3,000 annually on an average (according to the national crime records bureau)* according to the state statistics, the figure from 2001 to 2014 is much less, at 17,645 deaths, or an average of 1,260 farmers annually# why the change in approach* while so far, successive governments in the state have focussed on large-scale schemes for entire regions and announcing of compensation packages after natural disasters, the new policy is trying to zero in on specific families* the decision for the change was taken after 11 bureaucrats went to visit villages in yavatmal in vidarbha and osmanabad in marathwada, two of the worst-affected rural regions in the state* the officials met families of farmers who had committed suicides, and also spoke to local administration officials to gauge the reasons behind the deaths* the state is looking at including farm labourers and marginal farmers in its net* these groups normally fall off the compensation net as they dont own land or may not have papers to show their debts* chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier asked the state administration to prepare a policy to tackle farmers suicides, which led to this exercise.
fadnavis has said an alternative to the lbt and toll tax was being worked out and would be announced soonconcerns over environment: the ministry of environment and forest has proposed to shrink the buffer zone around sanctuaries and national parks.
the banks have not bothered to inform farmers about the amount credited to their accounts as part of the waiver benefits, fadnavis said during the meeting of the state level bankers committee (slbc), which represents all types of banks, at sahyadri guesthouse in mumbai.
the situation in maharashtra is grave and we need help to deal with the rising number of farmer suicide cases in the drought-prone areas of maharashtra, especially yavatmal and osmanabad, fadnavis told peres, citing the successful agriculture projects that have been undertaken in israel.
coming under pressure from opposition and ally shiv sena, chief minister fadnavis said his government is in favour of loan waiver and was studying the up model.
shiv sena chief, uddhav thackeray, also said that the state government should follow in the footsteps of the up government and waive off the farmer loans.
following this, devendrafadnavis has asked the finance secretary of the state to study the up model on the basis of which loan waiver was declared.
fadnavis said the bjp-shiv sena government was doing everything that is possible to help farmers, who have faced crop losses due to unseasonal rains and hailstorms, and bring them out of the prevailing situation.
fadnavis also said his government was positive about the loan waiver to farmers but did not promise an upa lokayukta for nagpur civic body.
we will waive off loans of farmers but at an appropriate time and will also take centres help for the same, fadnavis told reporters after the cabinet meeting.
but prime minister modi told a rally of farmers at sehore, about 40km west of capital bhopal, his governments farmer-friendly insurance is criticism-proof.
farmers in karnataka have hugely benefited from the scheme, says pm.
48pm: the government will set up gramin haats so that farmers dont have to go faraway to sell their produces, says modi.
lets resolve that by 2022 we will no longer have to import pulses i have been telling our universities our agricultural universities should take up each variety of pulses how to do research in it, how to do genetic engineering in it, how to increase productivity, how to increase protein content so that farmers get good prices, modi said.
making a strong outreach to the crisis-ridden farming community, modi said the kisan channel is aimed at helping drive farm income by supplying key information, such as weather, market and demand.
the congress vice president said he will force the bjp-led nda government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers.
we dont want an india where only a handful get everything, fly in aeroplanes and travel in big cars and our farmers are turned into labourers, rahul said.
later in the day, ending his road show in the old city, rahul told a gathering that economists have told him that the schemes like mgnrega and loan waiver had helped the overall economy of the country and not just the farmers.
rahul, during an interactive session with farmers in gannaur in haryana, said farmers in kutch were crying when they met him.
us sey unka bhi fayeda hoga (it is a political advice for arun jaitley for his own good), rahul said adding that such a budget would help farmers knows how much government has set aside for flood, drought, or to assist him with grains, vegetables.
(source: ani photo) rahulgandhi said he would force the bjp-led nda government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers.
the congress vice president said he would force the bjp-led nda government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers.
we will create a food chain from where the produce will go the cities and farmers will directly receive the money due to them, rahulgandhi says.
the families of the farmers (who were killed in mandsaur last year) will get justice in 10 days and we will take action against those responsible for the firing, says the congress president.
punjab cm captain amarinder (file photo) punjab cm captain amarinder (file photo)the state level bankers committee of punjab friday said the delay in rolling out the farm debt waiver to farmers having accounts in commercial banks was affecting recoveries of commercial banks and had also turned nearly 80 per cent farmers into non-performing assets (npas).
it is a tragedy that the same farmers who at one time provided food to the nation are now dying of starvation as they cannot make both ends meet, amarinder said, promising that their debts will be taken over by government.
the deputy cm said the issue of farm loans had been tackled holistically by coming out with the settlement of indebtedness bill besides ensuring that farmers were not charged excessive interest.
punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals on monday asked the union government to constitute a high-level committee of agriculture experts to revive the agrarian economy in the state.
terming the rail roko agitation by farmers as unfortunate, punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals said the state government was ready to accept every genuine demand of the peasantry.
laying stress on setting up more ultra-modern centers of excellence for undertaking research and design (r&d) to promote agriculture diversification in the state, punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals on tuesday said that these were the 'temples of second green revolution' which were required for bailing out the farmers from the current agrarian crisis.
chhapar (ludhiana): amid ongoing protests by farmers over meagre compensation for the cotton crop loss in malwa, punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals announced rs 600-crore relief for the farming community here on monday.
punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals on thursday said anyone found guilty of supplying spurious pesticides to the cotton cultivators in the state would not be spared at any cost.
chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals may have announced that families of suicide victims will be given `3 lakh in compensation `50,000 in cash and the remaining to be deposited in the familys account.
chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals may have announced that families of suicide victims will be given rs 3 lakh in compensation `50,000 in cash and the remaining to be deposited in the familys account.
earlier policiesin 2001, before the 2002 elections, the then chief minister prakash parkashsinghbadals announced a compensation of rs 2 lakh, which was never given.
mumbai: cm devendrafadnavis told toi on tuesday that two lakh additional farmers would be beneficiaries of the state governments move to take the cutoff date for the farm loan waiver back to 2001.
fadnavis also said that of the 36,000 cases related to transfer of forest land to tribals, 20,000 had been resolved.
the farmers main demand was rights over forest land, and fadnavis told them the issue would be resolved within six months.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday announced that the state cabinet would give one more chance to farmers who could not submit their loan waiver application.
clarifying on the assistance to be given to farmers affected from hailstorms and pink bollworm attack, fadnavis said the survey has been completed and actual disbursement is in process.
sawant disclosed that while the cm had announced that 89 lakh farmers will benefit under the waiver scheme, after the cumbersome procedure introduced by the information technology department, only 77 lakh were able to submit on-line applications.
fadnavis announced three-pronged strategy to provide compensation to the farmers families through insurance and even approached the centre for national disaster response fund (ndrf).
admitting that there was a strain on the exchequer due to loan waiver and other expenditure, the cm said even gdp was growing at same time due to massive push to the infrastructural development.
fadnavis announced the rs 34,022 crore loan waiver scheme for 89 lakh farmers, but could not take credit due to the bureaucracys casual approach.
mumbai: the state has decided to stay recovery of power bills run up by farmers given their current hardships, chief minister devendrafadnavis told the assembly on thursday.
in the past three years, bill recoveries had been stayed on account of the drought and other crises faced by the farm sector, fadnavis said.
meanwhile, fadnavis also said that the state would pay the power bills due from gram panchayats.
chandigarh: punjab will disburse rs 209 crore as debt relief to 38,000 marginal farmers who are members of cooperative societies in the state in 10 days, said chief minister amarinder here on wednesday.
various studies undertaken to understand the extent of farm debt in punjab had found that farm labourers were one of the most badly-hit class and should be considered for suitable relief in any loan waiver scheme, amarinder said and criticised opposition parties and some kisan unions for spreading false propaganda on the issues faced by farmers.
explaining the project further, amarinder said if a farmer was given rs 10,000 for power consumption of his tubewell and he ended up spending rs 7,000, the remaining amount would go into his pocket and he would also contribute to saving the declining groundwater level in the state.
on claims that names of many farmers have not figured in waiver lists, amarinder said names of only those had not been figured in the lists where some anomalies in names were there and the farmers should approach authorities concerned for corrections and waiver would be provided to the deserving farmers.
amarinder said, when the congress came to power in punjab, we had no idea that the economic condition of punjab was so bad that it was under debt of over rs 2 lakh crore and due to it there was some delay in implementing the loan waiver scheme.
it is not possible to implement all promises in eight months, especially given the financial crisis inherited from the erstwhile sad-bjp government, said the cm, adding that the state was struggling to generate its own resources, including loans to fulfil its promises.
when a minister entrusted with the welfare of the farmers cannot relate to their problems and is absolutely indifferent to their plight, one can well imagine which way the country is headed, amarinder said.
questioning the centres intent to rescue the beleaguered farmers, amarinder asked, if a bankrupt state like punjab could do its bit for a loan waiver, why could the centre not come up with a waiver scheme?
amarinder, who was here to launch the farm debt waiver scheme, said that, i had ensured laying of link roads during my previous tenure till 2007.
gurdaspur: punjab chief minister captain amarinder has announced to give debt relief certificates worth rs 156.
the cm said that the state government had also decided to give a financial assistance worth rs. 50,000 each to landless labourers to bail them out of the current agrarian crisis.
amarinder also announced upgradation of cooperative sugar mill at paniar in gurdaspur district for making it economically viable.
nakodar: on the occasion of farmers debt waiver function at nakodar, punjab chief minister amarinder on wednesday announced infrastructure project worth rs 113 crore for shahkot area, which is going to have a byelection after the death of sitting mla ajit singh kohar .
as many leaders were opposed waving loans borrowed by mlas, mlcs, and representatives of local bodies, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said even employees of co-operatives earning a salary of rs. 3 lakh a year and some individuals paying income tax of rs. 3 lakh a year have borrowed farm loans.
chief minister h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys said he would cut down on expenditure on other heads to compensate the loss to the state exchequer on account of farm loan waiver.
reiterating his commitment to waive farm loans, chief minister h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys on sunday said that he will not hesitate to resign in case he is unable to do so.
chief minister h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys on monday said he would announce his plan on farm loan waiver on wednesday in bengaluru.
farm loan waiveron the rs. 53,000 crore farm loan waiver, which his party had announced in its manifesto, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said, now, i cannot take individual decision since we are in an alliance.
when farmers are in deep trouble due to agrarian crisis, prime minister narendra modi and chief minister siddaramaiah are busy countering one another over commission percentage governance, h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys , state president of the janata dal(s), has said.
reiterating his commitment to waive farm loans, chief minister h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys on sunday said that he will not hesitate to resign in case he is unable to do so.
chief minister h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys said the government has extended duration of the scheme for the benefit of the farming community.
speaking to reporters at dharmasthala, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said that though his party did not get the mandate from the voters, he would announce plans for farmers after the swearing-in.
loans taken by farmers from nationalised banks will be waived within 24 hours after the janata dal (secular) comes to power, h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys , party state president, has said.
mr. h.d.kumaraswamys , who accused the union and state governments of neglecting farmers under distress owing to crop losses following drought and flood-like situations, said, both governments have failed to tackle farmers problems effectively and were pointing fingers at each other when asked about loan waivers.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the extension will help farmers to avail loan waiver till may 20.
in april this year, chief minister devendrafadnavis had told the indian express that the government has put in several plans in place to reduce the farmer suicides and the efforts will take time to show results.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said friday, the budget has given greater impetus to tackle the agrarian crisis in wake of recurring drought for the fourth consecutive year.
fadnavis said, the allocation of rs 25,000 crore for agriculture is a big leap forward.
fadnavis said, apart from the budgetary provisions for irrigation projects, rs 1,000 crore for flagship jalyukta shivar abhiyan will help in rolling out several thousand water conservation works in 5,500 villages reeling under drought.
to a question on why he has not heeded to oppositions demand for loan waiver to farmers, fadnavis said loan waiver was a good option, but it was not the only one.
share this article related article centre, state have allocated rs 51,000 crore for irrigation projects, says devendrafadnavis , state have allocated rs 51,000 crore for irrigation projects, says devendrafadnavis states vision document 2030 lays stress on solar power for farmersstates vision document 2030 lays stress on solar power for farmers maharashtra to revive 5 rivers to ensure perennial water flow: cm fadnavismaharashtra to revive 5 rivers to ensure perennial water flow: cm fadnavis devendrafadnavis prescribes drip irrigation for sugarcane, solar-powered pumpsdevendra fadnavis prescribes drip irrigation for sugarcane, solar-powered pumps maharashtra govt plans to make agriculture sector run on solar energymaharashtra govt plans to make agriculture sector run on solar energy maharashtra will require rs 1 lakh crore for irrigation projects : cm fadnavishe added, the agrarian crisis in a state reeling under drought can be effectively tackled only through making the farmers self reliant with water and power.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , who reviewed the drought situation in marathwada last week and sought to infuse confidence in farmers by announcing a slew of measures, told this paper that his government was concerned about the farmer suicides and has taken several steps to bring them down.
when pointed out that government officials were allegedly not put in their might to stop the farmer suicide saga, fadnavis said all efforts are underway and things would soon change in marathwada.
as per law, only two proofs are required for such land rights to be granted and the cm said this will be followed, said dr ashok dhawle of the all india kisan sabha.
devendra fadnavis said the government would expose the rampant corruption in the cooperative sector in the larger interest of the farmers.
fadnavis said the government would expose the rampant corruption in the cooperative sector in the larger interest of the farmers, and reiterated the decision not to go for complete loan waiver and instead make farmers self-reliant.
fadnavis said the foremost task was to enhance the irrigation potential from 18 per cent to 27 per cent in phases.
speaking at a meeting to review preparations for the kharif season, fadnavis said; efforts to bring maximum farmers within the institutional credit mechanism through fresh crop loans should be taken up on a mission mode.
at the meeting, fadnavis said he has asked agriculture universities in the state to prepare a earn while you learn stipend scheme for students to carry out field work.
countering the allegation, fadnavis said his government had allocated over rs 18,000 crore for farm relief, including rs 8,000 crore that were distributed last year, and the remaining that were earmarked in december, while alleging that the previous regime had spent just rs 5000 crore in 15 years.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said, farm ponds will be significant for farmers, as creation of permanent assets for holding water would help them reap their fields next seasons even if there is poor rainfall.
at a meeting held with top officials of national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard), and the ministries of agriculture and finance, fadnavis said, crop loan (disbursements) should be raised to cover larger number of farmers with an attempt to lessen their dependence on private money lenders.
there cannot be any justification to financial institutions turning down loans to farmers on the pretext of non-recovery or outstanding debt, fadnavis said.
returning from his four-day visit to israel, fadnavis told the indian express in mumbai, i have urged the peres centre for peace to help some districts in maharashtra in tackling the agriculture crisis that leads to farmer suicides.
earlier this month, just when the unrest has started, fadnavis had announced a rs 30,000-crore waiver for 40 lakh-odd small and marginal farmers whose loans were overdue.
elaborating on the plan, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the long-term measures to root out drought and farmer suicides in the state would require environmental preservation.
besides taking a scientific approach to soil treatment and embarking upon a mammoth tree plantation drive, the cm said he has roped in experts from the agro-sector.
at a review meeting held this week with district collectors to assess the drought situation, chief minister devendrafadnavis told the local administration, while the efforts that have helped reduce farmer suicides are laudable, we still have a formidable task ahead.
this would be complete with strong agro-industrial linkages to ensure assured dividends to small and marginal farmers in 14 suicide-prone districts, fadnavis said.
fadnavis, who himself toured a few villages and interacted with farmers, told the indian express that the government has gone all out to initiate a slew of measures to alleviate the miseries of the villagers and farmers in eight districts of marathwada.
when specifically asked as to what he found out after interacting with farmers, fadnavis said, when i spoke to farmers and villagers, they seemed satisfied with schemes being implemented by the government.
at a meeting in nilanga village, where the cm addressed officials, ministers and local politicians, fadnavis said the government was banking heavily on jalyukt shivar yojana as it will ensure that every farmer in a village gets enough water to cultivate crop and villagers get sufficient stock of water.
fadnavis on wednesday announced that the government would provide financial support of rs 1,500 per farmer up to two hectares for resowing if necessary.
spelling out the governments plan for water and fodder supply in arid areas, fadnavis said that a contingency plan was in place to face the crisis.
the cm said neither one-time loan waiver nor repeated subsidies would bring prosperity.
fadnavis said if loan waiver were a lasting solution, he would have pursued it even at the cost of all financial constraints.
fadnavis told the villagers, we are making effort to ensure the investment cost in the agriculture is reduced to minimise the financial losses incurred by the farmers.
fadnavis said the immediate concern is to provide relief to farmers.
fadnavis said that ahead of the rabi season the government wants maximum farmers from drought hit regions to avail of fresh loans.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said an integrated scheme to ensure economic sustenance for small and marginal farmers was being worked out to put an end to farmer suicides in maharashtra.
fadnavis said, the state has decided to include 25 lakh farmers in value chain for all major crops.
fadnavis said, even if a single farmer is driven to end his life it is extremely painful and not acceptable in a state like maharashtra.
at a meeting held with senior bureaucrats, fadnavis said maharashtra would have to rise to the challenge posed by natural calamity, that has adversely hit 90 lakh farmers.
prima facie, it is estimated that the yavatmal district has suffered the highest losses with 17,000 hectares of crops having suffered damage, the cm said in a statement.
fadnavis said while the congress-ncp government boasted of low-interest loans to the farmers, it paid no heed to other aspects such as fertilisers, seeds, water pumps, irrigation facilities that added to the production cost and drove the farmers to land into debt traps.