municipal commissioner mukeshkumar told mirror, the software has been developed and the data entry is largely completed.
developed western nations have long-term economic, technological and military advantages over china and the communist party has to realise that some people will use the wests strong points to criticise socialisms failings, president xijinping said.
the software identifies the words which find an entry in the dictionary and translates them into marathi, said deepak , the officiating controller of the examination.
modi said technology is bringing big changes and keeping this in mind, the countrys law universities should develop such kind of talents.
mumbai: indias top batsman viratkohli has asked people to use common sense on his much talked about relationship with actress anushka sharma, saying they indeed are seeing each other and their privacy should be respected.
prime minister modi who inaugurated the defexpo on thursday said that new and emerging technologies like artificial intelligence and robotics are most important determinants of defensive andoffensive capabilities and india, with its leadership in information technology domain, would strive to use this technology tilt to its advantage.
japan is also at the forefront of engaging in our national initiatives, such as 'make in india', 'skill india', 'digital india', 'start-up india' japanese investors have faith in india's economic future, which is marked with myriad opportunities, modi said.
in a letter, chief minister naveenpatnaik said the operationalisation of this project will contribute to the make in india and digital india initiatives by the union government, stating that in both these programmes, the information technology (it), it-enabled service (ites) and the electronics system designing and manufacturing (esdm) were the major thrust areas.
rain-hit chennai airport resumes technical flightsnew delhi, dec 5, 2015, (pti) 13:46 isttechnical flights have started from rain-hit chennai airport where operations were suspended on wednesday following flooding but it will take a few days to resume commercial flights, union minister ram said today.
coining a new equation,modi said indian talent plus information technology is equal to india tomorrow.
but banks are also hiring experts to develop firewalls around their system to make it increasingly difficult to breach it, arunjaitley said, adding that technology has to keep pace with crime.
apple inc is putting a lot of energy in india with an aim to launch all its initiatives, including retail, in the country where it has an extremely low overall market share, the technology giant's ceo timcook has said.
the technology has undergone a drastic transformation in the last 20 years, modi said adding the aspirations of the youths have to be kept in mind in this era.
modi said there could not have been a century where technology played an important role as much as it does now.
85 percent, which is nearly four percent more than the national average of 10 percent, the state information technology minister kt ram said here on thursday while releasing it performance report.
new york, press trust of india, may 3 2017, 10:12 istacknowledging that apple is underpenetrated in india, ceo timcook has said the us tech giant is strengthening its local presence in the country and is optimistic about its future given the fast-growing economy and improving 4g network infrastructure in the country.
noting that skill development was the need of the hour, smritiirani also said the rajiv gandhi institute of information technology (rgiit) has failed to address the issues of the youth of amethi.
coming back to demonetisation, modi said that cashless would take india step-by-step, slowly in the direction of a clean economy.
addressing the village level entrepreneurs (vles), who run these centres, via video conferencing, modi said digital india was launched with an aim to connect india's villages and youth.
technology is defining competitiveness and power in the new world and it is creating boundless opportunities to transform lives, modi said as he began his two-day visit to the country.
the software sometimes fails to read fingerprints and aadhaar card details of beneficiaries, forcing them to return without their monthly quota of subsidised foodgrain, modi said.
stating that indias partnership with uk in industrial research has been one of the most exciting programmes, modi said the global innovation & technology alliance or gita platform of cii and department of science and technology along with innovate-uk supports industry led r&d projects in affordable healthcare, clean technology, manufacturing and information and communications and technology (ict).
as part of his plans for indias resurgence,modi said removal of corruption and good governance were his mantras that could turn the nation around and said technology can help eradicate corruption.
gujarat chief minister vijayrupani (source: pti, file) gujarat chief minister vijayrupani (source: pti, file)gujarat chief minister vijayrupani on sunday said cashless india, digital india and clean india are the projects very dear to prime minister narendra modi and vadodara is taking steps in that direction.
cashless economyon the governments move to push for a digital, cashless economy, ram said across the world people are moving towards cash and its the opposite in india.
technology and human interface are both important for the police force to keep progressing, modi said speaking at the annual conference of dgps/igps held at the sardar vallabhbhai patel national police academy (svp npa) here on saturday.
in the 26th edition of mann ki baat programme, prime minister modi said, i know cashless economy is different.
meanwhile, municipal commissioner dineshwaghmare said, e-governance is atop of civic bodys agendawe will certainly be going digital, but in a phased manner.
the passenger ratio to each cisf personnel is too high for efficient safety control and hence, engineering modulations such as psds are required to keep safety measures in check, dr ram , associate professor in transport planning at school of planning and architecture, said.
degrees meaningless if youths take to terrorism: rajnathsingh singhmohanlalganj (up), feb 7, 2015 (pti): 18:29 istdecrying knowledge without values, union home minister rajnathsingh today said technical degrees held by youths become meaningless if they get involved in terror activities.
modi also said the technology should instil fear among the criminals.
speaking at the world's largest event on financial technology, modi said technology has transformed governance and delivery of public services in india and unleashed innovation, hope and opportunities.
technology is defining competitiveness and power in the new world and it is creating boundless opportunities to transform lives, modi said.
sonowal said cashless payments have the potential to root out corruption from the system and urged the citizens to adopt cashless transactions as a way of life.
stressing that digital india was about 4 es  education, employment, entrepreneurship, and empowerment, modi said from booking rail tickets to paying bills and availing government services digitally, people were being empowered.
higher and technical education secretary ajaykumar said this at a news meet at suchana bhavan today, and added that jharkhand needed some 600 new colleges to improve its gross enrolment ratio (ger) of 8.
in a way it is no secret at all the reality is that technology was used extensively in my conversation with bear grylls, modi said.
noting that the start-up policy covered information technology, biotechnology and manufacturing sectors, siddaramaiah said a start-up council under his chairmanship would review implementation of the policy on a regular basis for feedback and suggestions.
telangana information technology minister k t ram , who visited srinivass parents here on saturday said the government has received information from mea that srinivas body would arrive here on february 27 at 8.
ut special secretary information technology sb deepakkumar said that the existing policy provided companies to avail space at the centre at low rents, which was not the motive of starting the edc.
describing the new age as era of internet of things, pm modi said that technologies and innovation can be used to power changes.
rain-hit chennai airport resumes technical flightsnew delhi, dec 5, 2015, (pti) 13:46 isttechnical flights have started from rain-hit chennai airport where operations were suspended on wednesday following flooding but it will take a few days to resume commercial flights, union minister maheshsharma said today.
jaitley said just because it is possible to hack a network did not mean that technology must not be deployed.
karnataka aims at being bio-economic power house of world: cmbengaluru, feb 9, 2015 (pti) 16:12 istkarnataka chief minister siddaramaiah today said the state aims to be the bio-economic powerhouse of the world and announced that the bio-innovation centre in the city will soon be operational.
kalimpong: the centre is eager to accord tribal status to the 11 gorkha communities, but some technical problems are holding it back for now, union tribal affairs minister ram said here today.
karnataka aims at being bio-economic power house of world: cmbengaluru, feb 9, 2015 (pti) 16:12 istkarnataka chief minister ram today said the state aims to be the bio-economic powerhouse of the world and announced that the bio-innovation centre in the city will soon be operational.
no load-sheddingchief minister ram said that there was no need for load-shedding in the state as the technical snag at the bellary and udupi power plants had been rectified.
let us accept the challenge, plan accordingly and make a cashless economy possible, mr. fadnavis said while addressing an urgently-convened meeting of the state level bankers committee (slbc) in mumbai.
modi said e-governance is an essential part of his digital india project.
uidai deputy director general (bangalore regional office) ashok dalwai told deccan herald that the software - which is more accurate and contains more security features - would be simultaneously released in all 18 states where uidai is operating.
citizens are netizensthis is a wired republic, modi said,adding that technology can bring accountability,transparency and help in good governance.
he expressed hope that the government would increase the number of micro-atms in the country to one million from the current 130,000, and said cashless transactions will completely remove bureaucracy from the country.
noting that defence budgets the world over were shrinking, modi said in his brief address to the gathering, which included defence ministers and air chiefs of a dozen countries from the world over, adding that the country's frugal manufacturing and engineering services sector could help foreign firms reduce costs.
i urge those involved with the start up sector to innovate on aspects where technology can help the judiciary, pm modi said while speaking at the 150th year celebrations of the allahabad high court.
'innovation bazaars' planned to encourage budding entrepreneursbengaluru, feb 25, 2016, dhns: 0:56 istthe department of biotechnology (dbt) and niti aayog are envisaging 'innovation bazaars' to mentor budding entrepreneurs, said k vijay ram , secretary of biotechnology department, ministry of science and technology.
technology has helped book railway tickets and pay bills online, bringing great convenience, modi said.
siddaramaiah said the state promoted bengaluru bio-innovation centre will soon be operational, giving plenty of opportunities for innovative ideas to be commercialised and leading to blossoming of several start-ups in the fields of life sciences and pharmaceuticals.
modi said the association wanted the software currently being used to operate the annapurna yojana at fair price shops to be replaced as it has many technical glitches.
visit to someshwara temple at ulsoorrequesting her to review the visa policy, ram said that fast growing and high value tech sectors relied on effective immigration policy that attracted high-skilled workers and minimised barriers to the flow of talented people.
modi said the digital technology was introducing transparency and eliminating corruption through innovations such as the government e-marketor gem.
s ram , the head of the sports mechanics and videographer for the indian cricket team since 2001, who welcomed the gathering said, this technology is first of its kind in india.
at a colourful ceremony, which included a presentation of india's indigenous martial art forms, dances and sports, modi said technology has contributed to a sedentary lifestyle.
so, this video analysis technology helps the cricketer to know more about the nuances of the game, ram said.
it seems that shinzoabe had told visiting ex-defence minister arun jaitley that he was convinced that north koreas missile technology had been obtained from pakistans aq khan, who had stolen the designs from various western countries.
hospitals should get cashless transaction system, says parrikarmangaluru, dec 26, 2016, dhns: 23:36 istdefence minister manoharparrikar said that a cashless system should be introduced in all government and private hospitals across the country.
it is a referendum on our performance so far, the state information technology minister k t ram said.
dalwai said on the authority's part, new technical parameters had been introduced .
one of the senior-most environment scientists in the country, ram said the technical upgradation have led to improved forecasting.
we walk less now and the same technology tells us that we are not walking enough, modi said at the event.
microsoft ceo satyanadella said technology companies need to be able to recruit talent from abroad when necessary.
prahlad modi , the younger brother of the prime minister, said the software was not working properly at several shops, forcing beneficiaries to return empty-handed.
july 27 (agencies): apple ceo timcook has said the tech giant was looking forward to setting up retail stores in india to tap the booming smartphone market of the country.
the technological demonstration flight of the reusable launch vehicle (rlv) is scheduled for september at sriharikota in andhra pradesh, indian space research organisation (isro) chairman a s kirankumar told reporters here.
modi said technology is bringing big changes and keeping this in mind, the country's law universities should develop such kind of talents.
s ram , chairman, tata institute of social sciences said innovation of the future would be not how much i could do alone but how one could connect to the world.
modi said that a technical report covering various aspects,including tsunami and earthquake impact on the dam,road and rail traffic,generation of solar and wind energy,has been submitted to the expert appraisal committee,constituted by the ministry of environment and forests in 2010.
the statement said the two prime ministers welcomed the agreement reached between the two governments for cooperation in peaceful uses of nuclear energy and confirmed that this agreement will be signed after the technical details are finalised including those relating to necessary internal proceduresafter the talks, modi also announced that recognising our special relationship, india will extend 'visa on arrival' to all japanese citizens from 1st march 2016.
no load-sheddingchief minister siddaramaiah said that there was no need for load-shedding in the state as the technical snag at the bellary and udupi power plants had been rectified.
visit to someshwara temple at ulsoorrequesting her to review the visa policy, siddaramaiah said that fast growing and high value tech sectors relied on effective immigration policy that attracted high-skilled workers and minimised barriers to the flow of talented people.
new york, may 3 (pti): apple ceo timcook has said the us tech giant is bolstering its presence in india's underpenetrated market amid the improving 4g network infrastructure.
're-engineering can help poor benefit from solar energy'july 17, 2016, bengaluru, dhns 1:42 istthere is a lot of re-engineering that needs to be done to help the poor reap benefits from solar energy, says k ram , former ceo, tata bp solar.
b'kerala chief minister oommenchandy today said the state had failed to capitalise on the advantages of information technology and hoped by march this year the e-governance project would be completed.
technology has impacted the print,electronic and social media immensely, modi said.
15 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on friday said his pet digital india initiative is a war against touts and middlemen, helping check blackmoney and black marketing while creating immense job opportunities in small towns and rural areas.
investigations at nearly 415 accident sites across haryana have been conducted in the past 11 months and 270 engineering changes have been implemented in these areas, said sarika ram , head, integrated transport, wri india.
smart card technology is that it can only be read by someone who actually has a card reading device.
an average american software-engineer in the us, gets anything between $1,40,000 to $1,70,000 depending on which school has the graduate passed out from, said gogia , ceo and chief analyst of greyhound research.
(source: file photo)the centre is eager to accord tribal status to the 11 gorkha communities, but some technical problems are holding it back for now, union tribal affairs minister ram said in kalimpong on sunday.
vijayawada: chief minister n chandrababu ram said on sunday that drone technology will be used in tourism, agriculture, mines, forests, irrigation projects, maintenance of law and order and municipal administration for real-time governance.
coimbatore: codissia president r ram said the codissia defence innovation and incubation centre, launched by the defence minister ram in trichy on sunday, would likely be set up at the forthcoming industrial park at kallapalayam in the city.
on the tax administration front, ram said the e-governance initiative for collecting taxes would be strengthened.
external affairs ministry spokesperson vikasswarup said given the will, there is no reason why the technical design parameters on which pakistan has raised objections cannot be sorted out by experts from both sides on projects like kishenganga.
if the cashless economy is a chariot, the bhim app is the charioteer.
higher and technical education secretary ajaykumar also asked for formal skill development training in miningbigger kebab mapthe great kabab factory, a restaurant chain run via franchisees by delhi-based umak hospitality, is planning an extension.
2 billion connected indians drive innovation; technology ensures the citizen-government interface is incorruptible, modi said.
modi said technology from mobile to missiles can be controlled from space and added that protecting the space was very important which the nda government at the centre had done during its tenure.
modi said he strongly believed that technology can and must bridge the divide between the government and the citizens.
referring to the newton-bhabha programme of scientific collaboration between the uk and india, modi said, science is universal, but technology has to be local.
in a way it is no secret at all the reality is that technology was used extensively in my conversation with bear grylls, pm modi said.
technology can never replace people-to-people contact between the government and the people and women are best suited to that role, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday.
principal secretary information technology vk gautham told toi that a three-pronged strategy has been adapted by the government to address the shortcomings in this age group.
speaking at a review meeting with the officials of ap fiber grid project at his residence here, ram said that drone technology had come handy for crowd control, ram management and crime control during the recently concluded krishna pushkarams.
new delhi: while maintaining that technology has a major role to bring in transparency to curb corruption, the prime minister modi said that if we use technology for the purpose of governance, we would be able to provide basic necessities to common man efficiently.
liberalised use/technology neutrality is enshrined in our licences and there is simply no justification for us to pay an auction-discovered price for the permission to do what we are already entitled to, said t.v. ram , resident director (regulatory affairs) of vodafone india.
prof v s ram , former secretary, department of science & technology (dst) and former director of nias, said, innovation in social sciences and economics are critical in order to take the innovations in science and technology to the common man.
i think it is high time that counseling is taken seriously both by institute and by students to help their peers, n ram , a mechanical engineering student said.
when a student asked how the governments digital india programme would succeed when several parts of the country were facing shortage in electricity, modi said it was a dream to see 24x7 power supply across the country by 2022.
on the tax administration front, siddaramaiah said the e-governance initiative for collecting taxes would be strengthened.
bhopal, march 25: union home minister rajnathsingh today said the country's porous border with bangladesh and pakistan would soon be sealed to end infiltration by terrorists, asserting that technology would be used where physical barricades were not feasible.
fencing would be done wherever it's possible and in case it's not, technology would be brought into application, rajnathsingh said while attending the passing-out parade of the border security force in tekanpur, gwalior, in madhya pradesh.
the government has also constituted a special taskforce to keep a watch on the infusion of fake currency in vulnerable areas, mr. das said, adding that a technology team has also been formed to popularise the use of e-wallets and also to ensure that atm recalibration progresses apace.
in rural areas, we register children in anganwadis but in urban areas, many of them don't come to anganwadis, state information technology chief v k gautham said.
digital video discdeputy director for information and public relations a r park , also working president of dasara film festival sub-committee, told deccan herald, a technical error was noticed in the digital video disc (dvd) of the film received here.
15 (pti): prime minister modi on friday said his pet digital india initiative is a war against touts and middlemen, helping check blackmoney and black marketing while creating immense job opportunities in small towns and rural areas.
ut special secretary information technology sb deepak said that the existing policy provided companies to avail space at the centre at low rents, which was not the motive of starting the edc.
digital india has checked black money and black marketing and uprooted middlemen, modi said.
noting that the start-up policy covered information technology, biotechnology and manufacturing sectors, ram said a start-up council under his chairmanship would review implementation of the policy on a regular basis for feedback and suggestions.
technological progress without an equivalent progress in human institutions can doom us, barackobama said, adding that such technology requires a moral revolution as well.
talking about the importance of ipr as a whole, ram says that any innovation in any field needs to be patented.
