after intervention by the moderator, dalwai said: i am 200% confident that uid is a legal body.
1.7 million cardssaying that there has been an improvement in the frequency in generating aadhaar cards per day ever since it was launched in 2010, dalwai said  1.2 million aadhaar cards were generated every day presently.
nilekani also said that uid is working with the ministry of finance and the department of financial services on financial inclusion, with oil ministry on lpg subsidy reforms, with ministry of chemicals and fertilizers on fertilizer reforms, human resource development ministry on integration of aakash and department of telecom for providing aadhar as know your customer (kyc) for mobile connections.
at the recent global conference on cyberspace, prime minister narendramodi said, i am sure most of you are already aware of aadhaar, which is the unique biometric identity of a personthrough better targeting of subsidies, the jam (jan dhan-aadhaar-mobile) trinity has prevented leakages to the tune of nearly $10 billion so far.
making aadhaar mandatory for availing subsidies was resulting in exclusion of beneficiaries and the government cannot claim to have saved huge subsidies by this, he said.
jaitley also said the aadhaar should be linked with filing of income tax returns to curb tax evasions.
aadhaar enrolment will be speeded up: siddaramaiahbangalore, may 26, 2013, dhns : 1:57 istchief minister siddaramaiah on sunday said the government will take measures to speed up the aadhaar enrolment drive and the entire population of the state will be covered within one year.
my powers have been delegated by the pm, nilekani said, adding that uidai is an attached office of the planning commission.
nilekani added that uid would create for the first time in the country a national devices' infrastructure that is inter-operable .
uidai deputy director general ashok dalwai said the data centre in bangalore is unique and it would store biometric and demographic data of people enrolled under aadhaar throughout the country.
uidai will eventually increase its biometric authentication capacity to 40 crore, uidai chief executive officer ajay bhushan pandey told reporters here.
share this article related article government opposes jairam's plea against aadhaar bill as money billgovernment opposes jairam's plea against aadhaar bill as money bill the lpg puzzlethe lpg puzzle aadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie pointsaadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie points hope to pass gst, bankruptcy bill this session: arun jaitleyhope to pass gst, bankruptcy bill this session: arunjaitley aadhaar bill introduced in lok sabhaaadhaar bill introduced in lok sabha aadhaar gets statutory status; centre to bring bill in two dayswhile wrapping up the debate, arunjaitley said that except for some questions with regard to privacy and disclosure of information which have been raised, most speakers have actually supported the bill.
nilekani said aadhaar has more than 55 crore people into its enrolment and in the next few months it will cross the 60-crore mark.
progress so farstate enrolled uploaded aadhaar card generatedkarnataka 1,59,37,059 1,55,36,169 1,33,19,240tamil nadu 30,37,149 29,53,854 27,27,574puducherry 9,11,244 8,82,803 7,74,646kerala 71,15,818 65,74,719 55,48,154total 2,70,01,270 2,59,47,545 2,23,69,614source: uidaienrol from anywherewhen questioned about citizens who have missed out on enrolling in the first phase and whether there would be enrolment centres in the districts which have been already covered, dalwai said anybody could enrol from any part of the state or country, provided they have the necessary documents.
in the next phase, the operations would be scaled up in the entire mysore district, uidai chief nandan nilekani said.
aadhaar project would use today's latest and modern technology , said dr. singh.
16: chief minister mamatabanerjee today said trinamul mps would meet the prime minister soon to protest the centre's alleged efforts to make aadhaar cards mandatory by september for direct benefit-transfer schemes.
mysore: for the marginalized, illiterate and vulnerable groups, aadhaar will come as a boon to would turn into boon for marginalized or vulnerable groups to get access many services with a help of single identity number opined, said nandan nilekani, chairman, unique identification authority of india (uidai).
the aadhaar card details were registered with the student bank accounts, said dr vinod ram , head of government model high school, sector 34.
the home minister said the decision will speed up both uid and npr processes and the entire country will be covered by june, 2013.
insisting that a series of conditions are specified in article 110 and that article 110 uses the word only if those conditions are prevalent can a bill be declared a money bill, ramesh had said that the aadhaar bill, which was passed as a money bill ignored five recommendations made by the rajya sabha.
the aadhaar integrated services would ensure that the services reached the right person, preventing wastage or diversion of benefits, mr. dalwai said.
when questioned about what scheme will be linked with aadhar after lpg benefit transfer, uidai head nandan nilekani said lpg itself would take lot of time to implement and other schemes would be taken up gradually.
congress leader jairam ramesh said: what sterilisation was to the emergency, aadhaar seeding is becoming to your government.
nilekani said the aadhaar cards, already distributed among 60 crore people, will touch the 100 crore mark by the end of 2015.
last month the sc ruled that aadhaar can only be issued to those with proven indian nationality and cannot be mandatory for accessing public services and subsidies.
| file photonew delhi: aadhaar becoming an identity proof for every indian is now a distinct possibility, finance secretary ashok lavasa said on wednesday.
so we are focusing on it, uidai ceo ajay bhushan pandey told pti.
nilekani said aadhaar would make the life of india's 400 million migrants simpler.
on allegation that aadhaar is given to illegal immigrants, nilekani said: aadhaar only gives you a unique identity, not a citizenship card.
agriculture minister ram , while pointing out that there was a lot of corruption in the administration across the country, said aadhaar would go a long way in curbing it.
read: gst will reflect spirit of one nation, one aspiration: top 10 points from pm modis niti aayog meethere are the highlights:6:22 pm: use of technologies such as bhim, aadhaar would result in significant savings for states, says pm modi6:18 pm: states should use govt e-marketplace to reduce corruption, increase transparency in govt procurement: pm modi6:10 pm: pm modi asks states, local govts, ngos to decide goals for 2022 and work in mission mode to achieve them.
addressing the function,upa chairperson sonia gandhi said the aadhar scheme gives identity to the common man and is a tool to claim benefits.
we have taken strict action against them, uidai ceo ajay bhushan pandey said.
in a review meeting, finance minister arun jaitley told the officers that aadhar card numbers may also be seeded with bank accounts as the same will help in directly transferring the subsidies to the bank accounts of the desired sections of the society under direct benefit transfer (dbt) scheme.
first uid number was doled out on september 29, 2010, at a village in maharashtra within 14 months of the project taking off whereas the deadline was set at 18 months, he said, adding that they were confident of issuing 60 crore aadhaar numbers by 2014 as per the target planned.
complete 'aadhar' coverage in karnataka by june next: cmbangalore, july 16, 2013 (pti): 18:03 istkarnataka chief minister ram today said plans have been formulated to cover the entire state under the 'aadhaar' project by june next year.
nandan nilekani said the aadhaar project cost is estimated at $3-$4 billion with each enrollment costing rs 100-150.
deputy chairman of planning commission montek singh ahluwalia told toi that uidai will detail its position on the aadhaar system to the apex court in an affidavit to be filed shortly.
speaking at an assocham event, lavasa said aadhaar can become the single identity proof for an array of services.
jan dhan-aadhar-mobile trinity, commonly known as jam, helped the government save leakages worth rs 36,000 crore in subsidies and benefits provided to the poor, during the last one year, union minister ravi shankar prasad today said.
we have been able to achieve this speed and scale due to our multiple registrar model, as well as scalable technical architecture, uidai chairman nandan nilekani said.
speaking at the inauguration of the direct benefit transfer (dbt) scheme in lpg subsidy, uidai chairman nandan nilekani said on saturday that the state government and the authority would launch a massive enrolment drive in the next few months.
rate cuts, stalled exports worrybengaluru: june 23, 2015, dhns 1:20 istthe audience at the indian institute for human settlements erupted in laughter when former uidai head nandan nilekani, who served as the moderator, asked arvind to explain the panga you have with the rbi over interest rates?
uidai deputy director general ashok dalwai told toi the shell of the building has been handed over to wipro infotech for developing the data centre.
agartala: union minister jairam ramesh has said 'aadhaar' numbers, the unique 12-digit identification numbers given to residents of india, would be used to provide different social pensions, mgnrega wages to workers and scholarships to students.
union finance minister pranabmukherjee , who was also present at the function, said this uid project will help in improving the delivery mechanism of social welfare schemes.
briefing reporters here, uidai chairman nandan nilekani said the electronic know your customer (ekyc) service from uidai will enhance customer convenience and greatly increase business efficiency across sectors that require proof of identity and address to open customer accounts.
uidai regional deputy director ashok dalwai said the centre has asked regional offices to furnish a database on aadhaar-linked beneficiaries (existing and proposed) under various public services like subsidized lpg, pension schemes, student scholarship and pds.
aadhaar will provide a big platform to fight corruption, said uidai chairman nandan nilekani, who is expected to contest forthcoming lok sabha elections on congress ticket.
disclosing this to the media here on wednesday, uidai deputy director general ashok dalwai said the authority would begin the exercise on a trial basis across the country on may 1, before taking it up in earnest on may 15.
unique identification authority chief nandan nilekeni asked the state authorities to play a model role in introduction of aadhar numbers that will help in implementation of social schemes.
delivering the eighth annual richard h sabot lecture 'technology to leapfrog development: the aadhaar experience' organised by center for global development - a washington- based think-tank, nilekani said uidai has leveraged the state of the art technology of the present days to provide unique identification number to every resident of the country.
on nandan nilekani contesting the lok sabha seat from bangalore south constituency, siddaramaiah said the uidai chairman has expressed his intentions to contest and he told him he would discuss the issue with the congress high command.
aadhaar is a game changer, arunjaitley said.
ashok dalwai, deputy director, unique identification authority of india (uidai) said unique identification (uid) card was a legal database collection system and there was no chance of the data being misused.
new delhi: president pranab mukherjee on sunday said that the aadhar card initiative is a watershed event in the development of the country.
defending his stand to contest on a congress ticket in the light of several corruption charges the party was facing, nilekani said: please understand that aadhaar is the worlds largest anti-corruption platform.
aadhar chairman nandan nilekani said all certified partners would be able to embed authentication features in their applications.
unique identification authority of india (uidai), the nodal body responsible for rolling out the aadhaar programme in the country, has also come out in favour of incentives for shopkeepers using the biometric mode for digital transactions, in line with commission given by banks to business correspondents, in a bid to promote aadhaar-based payment system in rural pockets.
nilekani to quit uidai by march-endnew delhi, feb 21, 2014, dhns : 1:33 istuidai chairman nandan nilekani on friday said he will resign by march-end to contest the lok sabha elections on a congress ticket.
what sterilisation was to the emergency, aadhaar seeding is becoming to your government.
ashok dalwai, deputy director-general (tech centre), unique identification authority of india (uidai), said here on saturday that the uidai is working with various state governments to integrate aadhaar with various social sector service delivery programmes, for efficient delivery of services to the beneficiaries.
uidai deputy director general (bangalore regional office) ashok dalwai told deccan herald that the software - which is more accurate and contains more security features - would be simultaneously released in all 18 states where uidai is operating.
aadhaar platform is now ready to support payments under various schemes directly to the beneficiaries accounts in select areas, pranabmukherjee said.
the planning commission today said the nandan nilekani-led uidai project is better than the one being advocated by the home ministry for capturing data regarding residents and improving the delivery of the government schemes.
in a bid to promote aadhaar-based payment system, especially in rural pockets, uidai has favoured incentives for shopkeepers using the biometric mode for digital transactions, in line with commission given by banks to business correspondents.
bengaluru: former uidai chairman nandan nilekani said a sub $100 smartphone with an iris-recognition camera would be available in a year or two and that would enable users to do a one-click two factor authentication  the mobile number would be one factor and the iris-based biometric authentication of aadhaar number would be the second.
mr. dalawai told the hindu that uidai systems have a capacity to generate  1.2 million aadhaar daily.
new delhi: president pranabmukherjee on sunday said that the aadhar card initiative is a watershed event in the development of the country.
and across the states, we find an urge now, that they want to get out of the rigmarole and see brighter ways, ram said, adding that the roll out of the gst, aadhar platform and mobile connectivity were creating conditions for inclusive growth.
b'aadhaar card to become mandatory to procure online certificates aadhaar card to become mandatory to procure online certificatesan aadhar card is mandatory to apply for government-issued certificates online through a newly launched government portal, goa chief minister manoharparrikar said on wednesday.
while the enrolling agencies are paid up to rs 40 for a successful enrollment,banks are charging about rs 50 for the same,said a uidai official.
on nandan nilekani contesting the lok sabha seat from bangalore south constituency, ram said the uidai chairman has expressed his intentions to contest and he told him he would discuss the issue with the congress high command.
(pti)mumbai: prime minister modi who paid floral tributes to dr. babasaheb ambedkar on the occasion of his birth anniversary at deekshabhoomi in nagpur, said the bhim aadhaar is the strongest foundation of a new economy and a new india that dr ambedkar had envisaged.
speaking at a seminar organised by assocham, lavasa said aadhaar has brought efficiency in public spending and removed corruption.
this actually is a good practice whenever they submit photocopies of documents, uidai chief executive officer ajay bhushan pandey said in a statement.
aadhaar as the foundation of electronic transfer of benefits to beneficiaries of various social sector schemes should yield significant benefits, said nandan nilekani, chairman, uidai, addressing a press conference in new delhi on friday.
aadhaar is robust, safe, secure and totally accountable, prasad told reporters here.
the centres will facilitate enrolment of residents left out during the camps organised by registrars in the past and also facilitate biometric and demographic update, uidai chairman nandan nilekani said.
they can log on to the uidai website, enter their enrolment number and take a printout of the e-aadhaar card which can be used for various schemes till the actual aadhaar number arrives , said uidai deputy director-general ashok dalwai.
speaking about the enrolments, nilekani said that the 12-digit unique identity number -- aadhar -- has been provided to 37 million people across the country and very soon over one million people will enrol for unique identity number every day.
uidai regional deputy director ashok dalwai told times of india the ministry of home affairs has given its clearance, and in the first phase, 65 guards will be deployed at the centre.
fielding criticism from opposition parties such as the congress, the bjd and the tmc over aadhaar being made mandatory for income tax purposes, arunjaitley said in told the lok sabha, yes, we are making aadhaar mandatory.
acknowledging slip-ups in the aadhaar enrolment process, uidai deputy director general ashok dalwai told toi there have been cases where an operator's fingerprints had been registered instead of the applicant's.
uidai deputy director general ashok dalwai said that the proposed centres require enrolment kits, which cost rs  1.5 lakh each.
to a query on rumours that the aadhaar was issued to migrants from neighbouring countries, mr. dalwai said that it was not the uidais concern.
at a joint press conference today,union home minister p chidambaram,nilekani and planning commission deputy chairman montek singh put up a united front,saying the npr and uid projects will proceed alongside to ensure that all indian citizens have a unique number by june 2013.
aadhaar project is to solve the problem of people who do not have an acknowledgement of their existence by people and the state or lack of acknowledgement of their identity, he said.
second phaseon a query on why the aadhar enrolment was stopped in february this year, mr. dalwai said the uidai had covered 20 crore people assigned to it by the central government in february.
aadhaar platform is now ready to support payments under various schemes directly to the beneficiaries accounts in select areas, mukherjee said.
he also said that uidai will detail its position on the aadhaar system to the apex court in an affidavit to be filed shortly.
uidai chairman nandan nilekani said the government is using state-of-the-art technology to ensure aadhaar provides the best service for the people.
but he said the aadhaar platform lent itself to numerous other possibilities - including as an electronic kyc (know your customer) and to transfer money between two people.
we have to give everyone an identity card (and) aadhaar is as good an identity as any, said gandhi , women and child development minister.
speaking at the same programme earlier, uidai chairman nandan nilekani had said the authority will beat the target of generating 60 crore aadhaar numbers before schedule in the next few months.
uidai chairman nandan nilekani has also said that the strategy of the project will be reviewed and its processes may be changed.
this makes it not only one of the most accurate, but soon to be the largest biometric system in the world, uidai chairman nandan nilekani said in a statement here.
jaitley said the uidai had been conceptualised by the previous upa dispensation and the nda government is putting it to use with 98 per cent adults or more than 108 crore people in india having been issued aadhaar number.
talking at the nasscom product conclave here, uid chairman nandan nilekani said that the us government had launched global positioning system (gps) in the 90s and later in the 2000s it was made available for commercial purposes.
all aadhar-based applications would be accessible through post offices.
melbourne: aadhaar project is an example of using modern technology to leapfrog for future development and transformation of a country, uidai chairman nandan nilekani has said.
uidai is currently working with banks and the national payments corporation of india (npci) and expects to roll out the feature in the next few weeks.
the uidai has also sought technical details on how access was gained for the national social assistance programme (nsap) site -- one of the four portals where the alleged leak happened.
aadhaar example of using technology to leapfrog: nilekanimelbourne, oct 16, 2013, (pti) : 9:29 istaadhaar project is an example ofusingmodern technology to leapfrog for future development and transformation of a country, uidai chairman nandan nilekani has said.
questioning the legitimacy of the uidai and the governments claim that aadhaar is the biggest tool to eradicate corruption in the country, justice (retd) k s puttaswamy, the main petitioner in the pil filed in the supreme court on uiadi, mathew thomas, managing trustee of the fifth estate, somasekhar v k, managing trustee of grahak shakti, and sunil abraham, ceo, centre for internet and society, on thursday announced that they would be soon filing a contempt petition in the apex court.
i want to really emphasise that aadhar platform is the biggest anti-corruption platform in the world.
having participated in a daylong discussion with officials from bihar, west bengal and jharkhand besides representatives of national-level registrars like banks, lici, post offices and other central government agencies notified as national registrars, nilekani said uidai has achieved the targets well within time.
on the bjps promise to shut down the aadhaar system as it is allegedly helping illegal bangladeshi immigrants to enrol, nilekani said: its very clearly mentioned that aadhaar is only an id card and does not prove ones citizenship.
new delhi: the unique identification authority of india (uidai) will move the supreme court to explain its position related to the aadhaar scheme and also make a bid to save the upa's showpiece initiative which aims at ensuring transparency in accessing public services and payment of subsidies.
aadhaar enrolment will be speeded up: siddaramaiahbangalore, may 26, 2013, dhns : 1:57 istchief minister ram on sunday said the government will take measures to speed up the aadhaar enrolment drive and the entire population of the state will be covered within one year.
nilekani said aadhaar identity cards were accepted as valid documents under the know your customer (kyc) norms for opening bank accounts, securing mobile connections and getting cooking gas connections.
mumbai: uidai chairman nandan nilekani said it platforms could open up a huge app economy, transforming the way healthcare and education services are delivered in the country.
the upa legislation, arunjaitley said, was inadequate as it did not contain adequate safeguards on privacy and did not mention for which purpose the uid would be used.
observing that at present, over 113 crore residents in india have aadhaar, prasad said that aadhaar is safe, let me say proudly that the data is secure.
stating that good education is an indispensable first step towards creating more success stories like his, uidai chairman nandan nilekani said: .
noting that this unique identification number is now becoming an internal passport and gateway to various services for indians, nilekani said by working with various regulators they have ensured that this id is sufficient to get their services.
uidai has not authorised the owners of these mobile applications or websites to extend any aadhaar-related services on its behalf, mr pandey said in the statement.
there is considerable ease in using aadhaar-based authentication apart from several advantages with the entire process being realti me, uidai ceo ajay bhushan pandey told toi.
addressing the function, upa chairperson sonia gandhi said the aadhaar scheme not only gives identity to the common man but is also a tool to claim benefits.
at the recent global conference on cyberspace, prime minister modi said, i am sure most of you are already aware of aadhaar, which is the unique biometric identity of a personthrough better targeting of subsidies, the jam (jan dhan-aadhaar-mobile) trinity has prevented leakages to the tune of nearly $10 billion so far.
the uid authority has promised to review procedures and then carry on with the data collection, chidambaram said at a joint news conference he addressed with nilekani and planning commission deputy chairperson montek singh ahluwalia.
on wednesday, finance minister arun jaitley said that an aadhaar card could become the sole identifier for a person in future.
those whose aadhaar card has been delayed in delivery can log on to the uid website and key in their enrolment number and take a print of their e-aadhaar card, which is as valid as the aadhaar card itself, said dalwai.
complete 'aadhar' coverage in karnataka by june next: cmbangalore, july 16, 2013 (pti): 18:03 istkarnataka chief minister siddaramaiah today said plans have been formulated to cover the entire state under the 'aadhaar' project by june next year.
this is not a tactical, but a strategic partnership, where uidai will leverage the existing infrastructure of the dop to reach out to the masses for providing uid, uidai chairman nandan nilekani said while signing the agreement.
quick verificationthe pilot project on opening bank accounts with aadhar information is operational in three banks in tumkur district of karnataka, uidai chairman nandan nilekani told deccan herald.
aadhaar number will be the sixth such option.
dharwad: aadhaar is not only a foundation of unique identification of residents of india, but also the sheet anchor for all the services and facilities, a resident of india is entitled to get from the government said deputy director general 'aadhaar' uidai regional office (bangalore) ashok dalwai.
demonetisation to push digital economy, says nilekaninew delhi, nov 28, 2016, pti: 22:21 istdemonetisation would see a massive activation of digitisation of financial services in the country, although there will be some amount of short term pain in the coming weeks, former uidai chairman nandan nilekani said today.
the whole process can be made paperless, said uidai chairman nandan nilekani at the workshop in bandra aimed at the banking and telecom sectors.
swinging into action, the unique identification authority of india (uidai) has reached out to its regional offices to, in turn, sensitise enrollment agencies to strictly adhere to the rules of enrollment, even as the erring operator has been blacklisted.
