mamata mamatabanerjee also claimed that demonetisation has brought back barter system on a massive scale throughout the state.
modi said you would all get rs 15 lakh each; that the black money would be brought back.
this is indeed a game changer, chidambaram asserted and said that banks have already floated tenders for 20 lakh micro-atms which once become operational will help the government in directly transferring the cash in the beneficiaries accounts.
jaitley further said the collection figures with regard to income tax, excise tax and realisation of vat by states, with the exception of two states, have gone up post demonetisation.
modi to stress on black money at g-20 summitnew delhi, nov 11, 2014, dhns: 0:29 istprime minister narendramodi on monday said that he would stress on international cooperation against black money in his interventions at the g-20 summit in australia.
new delhi: dispelling rumours that finance minister arun jaitley was unaware of demonetisation, power minister piyushgoyal today said he knew it and kept it as secret despite being very friendly and open.
officers said this was the biggest haul of scrapped notes in the calcutta police area since prime minister modi announced demonetisation of the two categories of notes on november 8.
watch video | find out what pm modi told cabinet over demonetisation decisionin the worlds largest democracy the demonetisation was revolutionary: it called into question the states promise to pay the bearer the face value on every banknote.
to enable larger number of people to get benefit of over-the-counter exchange of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, the existing limit of rs 4,500 will be reduced to rs 2,000 with effect from tomorrow, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das told reporters.
it is a fact that perhaps the demonetisation process, as was pointed out, may cause a momentary setback or momentary slowdown (to the country's exports), commerce secretary rita teaotia said.
defending the demonetisation drive, arunjaitley said, even when there was global stress, we still manage to have respectable growth rates and we had the courage because of leadership of the prime minister.
rajkot: assailing prime minister narendra modi over demonetisation, senior congress leader p chidambaram today said he would have quit as finance minister if forced to implement the measure.
the reserve bank of india had warned the government about demonetisation hours before prime minister modi announced the move on november 8, 2016, congress leader jairan ramesh said at a press conference on monday.
cash crunch: finance minister arunjaitley said the temporary shortage in certain states is being tackled quickly and that there is more than adequate currency in circulation.
prime minister narendramodi had said that after demonetisation, terrorism will stop but it has not happened.
antalya (turkey), nov 16, 2015 (ians) 16:19 istindia has zero tolerance on black money and corruption, prime minister modi said on monday, the second and final day of the g20 summit here.
on the 60th day of after prime minister modi announced demonetisation -- the situation, which sucked out 86  of the countrys bank notes in circulation -- a dena bank branch in khimana village in gujarat was pelted with stones.
on the 60th day of after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation -- the situation, which sucked out 86  of the countrys bank notes in circulation -- a dena bank branch in khimana village in gujarat was pelted with stones.
pm narendramodi with bjp chief amit shah pm narendramodi with bjp chief amit shahformer sp youth wing president of baghpat district, tarun deo yadav, has announced appropriate reward for those who would behead prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah for creating an emergency-like situation through demonetisation and being responsible for the 2002 godhra riots.
economic affairs secretary subhashchandragarg said demonetisation and gst reflect long-term vision of the government and its ability to undertake massive structural reforms.
(pti)kullu/palampur: prime minister modi has said that effigy-burning would not deter him from the fight against corruption and black money, alluding to the congress's call for protests on november 8, the first anniversary of the demonetisation.
it is people's mandate for the prime minister's decision of demonetisation, sonowal told reporters.
in his speech to the joint sitting of both houses, president ram said, the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace.
2 crore have been seized across the country since prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8.
chief minister mamatabanerjee claimed the victory was a result of public ire against demonetisation and said the party will launch district and panchayat-level agitations in bengal from wednesday against the move.
in a surprise move on november 8, prime minister narendramodi had announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
kochi: chief economic advisor ram has said demonetisation can be called successful only if the amount of currency in circulation comes down over time and there is an increase in tax compliance.
the poor and the lower and middle classes have suffered the most due to black money, counterfeit currency and corruption, said modi.
on whether the government has assessed the extent of impact on shipments, teaotia told pti that commerce ministry has entered into a consultative process with all the export promotion councils to understand the level of adaptation to the effects of demonetisation".
new delhi: advocating cashless transactions, prime minister modi on friday said large volumes of liquid cash are a big source of corruption and black money.
there is a move to set up a new agency for probing anomalies in income tax returns filed by 18 lakh people after demonetisation, union minister radhamohansingh said on wednesday.
it is a fact that perhaps the demonetisation process, as was pointed out, it may cause a momentary setback or momentary slowdown (to india's exports)," commerce secretary rita teaotia said.
prime minister modi prime minister modi modiprime minister modi has asked his ministerial colleagues to give details of tours, if any, undertaken by them during the last three months, an exercise aimed at ascertaining whether they promoted demonetisation and other initiatives, sources said.
otherwise, the mass anger due to agrarian distress, demonetisation or rising fuel prices among others will not have led to humiliation for the bjp in the assembly polls, omarabdullah said at an event here.
meghwal said that after the demonetisation move, the digital transactions at petrol pumps have shown a remarkable increase.
tough rules against black money have sent shivers down the spines of many who have come on one platform, modi said in an oblique reference to the opposition parties who are grouping against the nda.
acknowledging the legitimate expectation of relief in the middle class and cash-only informal sector, arunjaitley said the budget will help beat the fallout of the governments demonetisation initiative.
justifying the 2016 demonetisation, modi said it unearthed huge black money.
the way nitish kumar has acted out of the dotted line of politics and supported surgical strike and demonetisation, he can similarly play a historic role by adopting a constructive attitude on the ayodhya issue, said modi.
now there will be less cash transaction and an increase in digital currency, jaitley said.
watch video | nitishkumar , sitaram yechury, kapil sibal in an engaging discussion at p chidambarams book launchcalling demonetisation a big blunder, chidambaram said it is possible that popular silence is being interpreted as popular support.
regarding demonetisation, modi said the government was always ready for the discussion on the issue but the opposition was only interested in tv bytes and not debates.
agra, nov 20, 2016 (pti) 18:32 istprime minister modi today said political leaders behind multi-crore chit fund scams are attacking him as they have been hit hard by demonetisation, in remarks seen as sharp attack on west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee.
in remarks apparently aimed at former reserve bank governor raghuram rajan, who friday blamed the goods and services tax roll-out along with demonetisation for lower gdp growth, arunjaitley said the economy recovered fast from the limited disruptionist impact of the tax reform.
prime minister modi announced about the demonetisation in his address to the nation at 8 pm on the same day after cabinets approval.
prime minister modi said he is performing a yagna against black money and corruption.
new delhi, aug 15, 2015, (pti): 10:31 istcommitting to carry forward the fight against black money, prime minister modi today said rs 6,500 crore of undisclosed foreign assets have been declared under the compliance window of the new law and the drive would continue despite its 'side effects'.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said on thursday she was correct in opposing the demonetisation move by the centre, a day after data showed a weaker-than-expected economic growth that may have been hit by the ban on high-denomination banknotes.
also read: pm-kisan scheme an insult to farmers, says priyanka gandhiduring the demonetisation, no thief or person with black money, but farmers, youths, unemployed, and people of bundelkhand stood in the queues, said gandhi.
while inaugurating the pune metro, modi , in a veiled attack on the congress for opposing demonetisation,said the sins of benami properties would not have happened and people would not be standing in queues now had necessary decisions been taken in the past.
prime minister modi on tuesday announced demonetization of rs 500 and 1000 currency notes with effect from midnight, making these notes invalid in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
raising his pet poll issues, gandhi said: prime minister narendra modi ruined the country's economy by implementing demonetisation and 'gabbar singh tax' (gst).
after demonetisation, the poor are enjoying a sound sleep while rich are running from pillar to post to buy sleeping pills, modi said as he tried to rally public support in poll-bound uttar pradesh, picking up from where he left yesterday in his speeches laced with emotion and aggression in goa and belagavi.
demonetisation +times of india litfest +new delhi:will hasten the digitisation of the financial economy and financial inclusion, said nandan nilekani , former chairman of the unique identification authority of india, at thetoday.
asked if it was now clear that demonetisation led to lower growth, arunjaitley said: what you think is very clear is not very clear.
commenting on the demonetisation process, manmohansingh had said yesterday that it was responsible for the slowdown in indias economy and cited a collapse in private sector investment and the reduction of the industrys gross value added growth.
dipak mishrapatna: opposition parties are gearing up to observe november 8 - which marks a year since prime minister modi announced demonetisation - as black day.
earlier in the day, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said it was noticed that the same people were coming back again and again to exchange notes, causing the long queues and creating hassles for genuine people to get their cash.
buoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister modi had yesterday said he was committed to root out corruption.
modi said that while making the announcement to ban rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, he was aware that people will face inconvenience but i had requested the people of india to bear this short-term painfor long-term gain.
economic affairs secretary subhashchandragarg said the reserve bank will increase five-fold the printing of rs 500 notes to about rs 2,500 crore a day to deal with the cash shortage.
bhubaneswar: union finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said prime minister narendra modi has created a 'new normal' for the country's economy by breaking all the stereotypes of the past through his demonetisation move.
this is the demonetisation period and compared to november, december was more challenging for the reason that in many areas old currency was allowed to operate, arunjaitley told cnbc tv18 in an interview.
speaking to select media on the completion of two-and-a-half years rule of telangana rashtra samithi (trs) government on friday, ram said the government would try to overcome the demonetisation problems and speed up the government activities in the second half of the rule.
after that, the sufferings of the masses will lessen, and the real problems will begin for those handful of people indulging in corruption and black money hoarders, modi said.
new delhi: asserting that hard cash in india would become obsolete in the near future, union finance minister arunjaitley on monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people.
responding to criticism of the number of notifications during implementation of the demonetisation exercise  tmcs saugata roy pointed out that rules were changed 150 times  modi said the upa government had changed rules of mgnrega scheme 1,035 times in six years.
the then finance minister arunjaitley had told rajya sabha in response to a question on december 18, 2018 that according to information available three officials of state bank of india and one of its customers died during the period of demonetisation.
reacting to union finance minister arun jaitleys claim that the post-demonetisation situation in the country would stabilise in another two to three weeks, amarindersingh said he did not see the situation improving even in the next one year.
(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) accusing prime minister narendra modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the rbi, congress vice president gandhi said on monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on demonetisation just a day before the move.
on november 8, prime minister modi announced the government's decision to withdraw legal tender status of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, a move aimed at eliminating black money and curbing terror financing.
(pti)kullu/palampur: prime minister narendramodi has said that effigy-burning would not deter him from the fight against corruption and black money, alluding to the congress's call for protests on november 8, the first anniversary of the demonetisation.
referring to government's decision of demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, modi said the decision has not been taken to harass people but to help poor, marginalised and honest people.
the left parties have compromised with their ideology even as their mentors and communist leaders jyoti basu and harkishan singh surjeet had supported the idea of demonetisation, modi said.
notebandi (demonetisation), prohibition and goods and services tax (gst) were very courageous steps, but many times i feel that prohibition was a more difficult decision than demonetisation, deputy chief minister modi said at de-addiction day celebrations in patna in the presence of nitish and prohibition, excise and registration minister bijendra prasad yadav.
modi said demonetisation would curb terrorism, but it is maximum under his government, she said.
around 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister modi said in rajya sabha today, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
in a statement to the media, jaitley said, political parties have not been granted any exemption or privilege, post demonetisation and introduction of taxation amendment act, 2016.
on demonetisation, modi said his decision to ban notes has shaken congress to the core after the black money that they had hoarded turned valueless and was taken away in one stroke .
scuttling the debate on demonetisation for than two weeks and not allowing parliament, staging dharnas, going to the well of the house, abusing the prime minister, raising slogans is in no way going to help democracy, naidu said.
explaining what he called the real reason behind the note ban, gandhi said, only 6% of the black money is in cash and the rest 94% is in real estate, gold and swiss bank accounts.
coming back to demonetisation, modi said that cashless would take india step-by-step, slowly in the direction of a clean economy.
in his address, pranabmukherjee said that demonetisation has resulted in the temporary slowdown of the economy but as more and more transactions become cashless, it will improve the transparency of the economy.
demonetisation was a bad idea implemented badly and gst was a good idea implemented badly, shashitharoor said.
asked whether he would support yoga guru baba ramdev in his fight against black money and corruption, nitishkumar said every person has the right to express his views in a democratic manner, which is a step in the right direction.
(file)hitting out strongly at the centre over its unplanned and inhuman demonetisation move, punjab congress chief amarinder singh on tuesday said that the step would backfire on the modi government.
modi in his independence day speech had said that the government's efforts to deal with the menace of black money were working and people have declared undisclosed income of about rs 6,500 crore.
the government and opposition parties were thursday locked in a bitter war of words with finance minister arun jaitley citing a spike in the number of taxpayers to staunchly defend demonetisation while congress president rahulgandhi said the note ban cost 1.
modiji has betrayed the people on the issue of providing jobs to two crore people every year and depositing rs 15 lakh cash into their accounts by bringing (back) black money stashed abroad, gandhi said.
the mother-son duo should not forget that it was due to the demonetisation that several shell companies were busted and because of this, your company was caught, modi said.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , a strident modi critic, told journalists after the opposition meeting that all parties criticised the governments handling of kashmir, caste clashes in saharanpur, demonetisation and incidents of cow vigilantism.
it is looking for banks far and wide, modi said in an apparent swipe at thw bsp, which has come under scanner for alleged huge bank deposits post demonetisation.
in last week of december, during the demonetisation period, prime minister narendramodi had announced a scheme to boost real estate and provide affordable houses to all.
agra, nov 20, 2016 (pti) 18:46 istin poll-bound uttar pradesh, prime minister narendramodi today said his demonetisation decision had severly hit the parties whose leaders seek money in lieu of tickets for contesting assembly polls, in a veiled attack on bsp chief mayawati who has been facing such allegations.
addressing his first public rally in poll-bound uttar pradesh post the demonetisation drive, modi said: i want to assure you that your inconveniences will not go in vain.
new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday announced lucky draw schemes for people who use digital payment methods including e-banking, mobile banking and e-wallets.
kolkata: communist party of india (marxist) on friday alleged that the state's bjp unit knew about the demonetisation beforehand and deposited rs 1 crore in rs 1000 and rs 500 currency notes in the party account of a nationalised bank just hours before prime minister modi announced scrapping of high value notes at 8 pm on tuesday.
modi said we will give rs 15 lakh in every bank account (by bringing back black money stashed away abroad), but didnt even deposit rs 5.
new delhi: the reserve bank was fully prepared to deal with currency shortages post demonetisation and has enough currency in its chests to last far beyond december 30, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
bengaluru: demonetisation has been the talk of every home, street and by-lane of the country since prime minister modi announced the withdrawal of rs 500 and rs 1000 notes on november 8.
in his november 8 speech announcing the demonetisation, prime minister modi had said people could deposit their old 500 and 1,000-rupee notes in their bank accounts till march 31.
das said the remonetisation process has reached near completion in less than 90 days of announcement of the demonetisation by the prime minister on november 8.
cashless economyon the governments move to push for a digital, cashless economy, ram said across the world people are moving towards cash and its the opposite in india.
after prime minister narendramodi announced the withdrawal of old currency notes of rs 1,000 and rs 500 on november 8, 2016, atms across the country had to be recalibrated to fit new notes of rs 2,000 and rs 500.
taking a cue from advani,punjab chief minister park said,a big issue has come up in the country nda chief ministers should first give in writing and announce their assets and tell the government that it can seize any black money they have.
speaking on hardships faced by the people in wake of demonetisation, modi said: many people in this country are uneducated, but we should be proud that they are ready to suffer problems to help the country get rid of corruption.
attorney general mukul rohatgi told the apex court bench headed by chief justice of india ts thakur that he had placed the affidavit on record in connection with the demonetisation issue.
black money fight against big people, not small traders: pmghaziabad, feb 8, 2017 (pti) 20:13 istprime minister modi today said the government's fight against black money was targeted at big people and big babus and that small traders need not worry.
dipak mishrapatna: opposition parties are gearing up to observe november 8 - which marks a year since prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation - as black day.
prime minister modi had announced on november 8, 2016 that rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes, which constituted about 86 per cent of total currency in circulation, will cease to be legal tender.
with regard to opposition's criticism over demonetisation, an issue that led to washout of the last winter session, modi said from day one, the government has been saying that it is ready for a discussion on it.
speaking on indian economy: the new normal in the aftermath of demonetisation, jaitley said for the first time, such a decision was taken which was difficult to implement because of many challenges that came with it.
earlier, attacking the narendra modi government on demonetisation, congress president gandhi on wednesday said that the note ban policy has destroyed lives of crores of farmers.
on his governments attempts to tackle the menace of black money, modi said, in our very first cabinet meeting, we decided to act tough the common people, who had seen others acquire huge bungalows, costly cars and other property with black money, have stood with us.
new delhi: new measures to ease the impact of demonetisation continued to trickle in on wednesday even as prime minister modi claimed that over 93 per cent of people who took his smartphone -based survey supported the move in his fight against black money.
in last week of december, during the demonetisation period, prime minister modi had announced a scheme to boost real estate and provide affordable houses to all.
modi said there was no going back on his fight against corruption and hoarders of black money and alleged that those hit by his actions, including the demonetisation move, are conspiring to hit back at him.
ghaziapur: prime minister modi on monday said that the inconvenience faced by the common man due to demonetisation will not go in vain.
700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation: pmnew delhi, feb 8, 2017 (pti) 21:29 istaround 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister modi said in rajya sabha today, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
during the 40-minute long meeting, mamatabanerjee claimed to have spoken about the problems faced by the common people due to the demonetisation move.
in kanpur, modi said demonetisation is a step to promote digital transactions to check black money.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said that axis bank management has assured the government that it is taking action against the erring officials who are suspected to be involved in irregularities post demonetisation.
on criticism that demonetisation was a shock to the system, modi said it was first necessary to consider whether the measure was needed.
read morenew delhi: the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace, president ram said in his address to parliament on thursday and vowed that the government will make the zero tolerance policy against corruption more comprehensive and effective.
his plans were pushed back when prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8.
after prime minister modi announced the demonetisation move on november 8, 2016, there was a liquidity squeeze in the market and the demand for jewellery went down by around 80 per cent.
prem nath pandeynaik mahendra singh, 30, was serving at roughly 20,000 feet above sea level in siachen when prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 last year.
siddaramaiah said the cooperative sector that is so critical in servicing the farmers and the rural folk virtually came to stand still because of demonetisation.
rohatgi said, several cases are filed each passing day in various high courts on various aspects post demonetisation and it is not possible to deal with cases simultaneously in kerala, kolkata, jaipur and mumbai.
atms, which reopened two days after prime minister modi announced demonetisation of two biggest currency notes, had people queued up since early morning.
admitting that the demonetisation drive has caused some short-term pains to the public, modi said this will bring in benefits in the long-term.
b'for promoting digital transactions there is a need to popularise rupay card among people, bihar cm nitishkumar said.
vijayawada: the decision of demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 currency would help both the centre and states garner more revenue, but the black money hoarders would search for alternatives to protect their illegal money and the centre should be well prepared to deal with it, finance minister ram said here on friday.
on the eve of the first anniversary of the november 8 demonetisation of 500- and 1000-rupee notes that wiped out 86 per cent of the currency in circulation then, arunjaitley said the government has met its objective of reducing cash in the economy, ending anonymity of cash, bringing in more individuals in the tax net and dealing a body blow to black money.
rohatgi told the apex court that general rule is that the cash transactions in the market should not be more than four per cent of the gdp but it is 12 per cent in india.
(source: pti photo)around 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister modi said in rajya sabha on wednesday, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
union minister naidu union minister naidu naiduwith the opposition seeking narendra modis participation in the debate in parliament over demonetisation, union minister naidu on tuesday said the prime minister will intervene in the issue as and when required and appealed to rival parties to resume the discussion.
after prime minister modi announced the withdrawal of old currency notes of rs 1,000 and rs 500 on november 8, 2016, atms across the country had to be recalibrated to fit new notes of rs 2,000 and rs 500.
watch what else is making newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, jaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
gujarat leads the pack in seizures of fake rs 2,000 notes between november 9 last year, a day after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, and march 7 this year, followed by delhi and karnataka.
taking the nation by surprise, prime minister modi on the night of november 8 announced demonetisation of high-value notes with effect from midnight, in what he said was a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
the contraction in industrial production in december as per the latest data is the fallout of demonetisation and expansion is expected in the coming months, finance minister arunjaitley said on friday.
prem nath pandeynaik mahendra singh, 30, was serving at roughly 20,000 feet above sea level in siachen when prime minister modi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 last year.
responding to criticism of government on demonetisation by trinmool congress mp saugata roy, jaitley said cash is root cause of many problems including the chit fund fraud which was witnessed in west bengal.
700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation: pmnew delhi, feb 8, 2017 (pti) 21:29 istaround 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister narendramodi said in rajya sabha today, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
banks had at least hoped that a rally in bond markets since modi announced demonetisation would boost treasury gains, given lenders own around half of government debt.
new delhi: minutes after prime minister modi announced the decision to ban rs 500 and rs1,000 currency notes from midnight, people rushed to their nearest atms to withdraw rs 100 notes to meet their daily expenses.
(pti) presenting an early budget will have certain advantages and the move is part of prime minister modi modi's economic reforms after demonetisation, bjp leader modi said today.
it was this deposit made three days after prime minister narendramodi announced scrapping of 500 and 1,000-rupee banknotes that caught the attentions of tax authorities, who are closely examining all suspicious high-value transactions done after the november 8 demonetisation announcement.
attacking the centre over currency ban, akhileshyadav said it was not only that the people who suffered due to demonetisation, note ban had hit the countrys economy equally hard.
as part of his push for digital payments, modi asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments bharat interface for money (bhim) app for transactions.
on november 8 (when modi announced demonetisation) modiji told you that i am your pm and listen to my mann ki baat.
jaitley told yadav that the government was ready for discussion on both demonetisation and terror attacks.
on implementation of demonetisation process, prime minister narendramodi yesterday said the government was always ready for the discussion on the issue but the opposition was only interested in tv bytes and not debates.
speaking on mondays protests against demonetisation, ram said they were not opposed to taking action against hoarders or eliminating fake currency.
modi said people who cannot endorse action against corruption and black money were relentlessly searching for faults with his government.
addressing a rally at bandra kurla complex here, modi said while his government has launched the war from day one of assuming power, on november 8 at 8 pm it stuck a fatal blow to corruption and black money hoarders in the form of demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes.
still, the best overall performance of the economy was recorded since october 2016, endorsing the standpoint that the economy is recovering from the implementation of the twin shocks of demonetisation and gst, dodhia said.
during the budget debate in the parliament, finance minister arunjaitley too had said that the demand for perishables had been affected due to demonetisation.
those who implemented demonetisation should be asked the rest of the things, nitishkumar said.
hitting back at singh, who had called demonetisation an organised loot and legalised plunder, modi said, he (manmohan) had perfected the art of bathing under a shower with raincoat on and so there was no blot on him despite all the scams that occurred during his tenure.
announcing the use of indelible ink, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said: we have received reports that certain unscrupulous elements, who are trying to convert black money into white, have organised groups of innocent people and are sending them from one branch to another to exchange notes and get rs 4,500 each.
finance minister arunjaitley today in his talk on note ban to ndtv said that security printing of currency is a time-consuming exercise, however, rbi is calibrating release of currency.
extending his support to the chamber of industrial and commercial undertakings (cicu), ludhiana, amarindersingh said the impact of demonetisation on the states industries, already in the doldrums because of the badal governments antagonistic policies, had been devastating.
it is the same as encouraging cashless initiatives without creating infrastructure post-demonetisation and recalling old notes without calibrating atms, said jamshedpur petroleum dealers association general secretary rajivkumar and owner of an hp fuel outlet in sakchi.
talking about gst and demonetisation, gandhi claimed: due to gst and demonetisation, small and medium businesses have been destroyed.
modi said before claiming the reason was his fight against black money.
speaking in a public rally in goa, a few days after announcing demonetisation on 8 november, 2016, prime minister modi had asked for 50 days from the people of india for note-ban related hardships to endit has been 100 days since modi announced the scrapping of 86  of indias currency in circulation.
(source: pti photo)stating that demonetisation has had no impact on gdp, prime minister modi citing testimonials by apple chief tim cook, microsoft founder bill gates, world bank chief kristalina georgieva, nobel laureate for economics muhammad yunus and others, on tuesday said that the world was looking at the bold move with a lot of respect.
in this context, arunjaitley said demonetisation has created a new normal replacing the old order of cash and parallel economy, which has been eliminated.
it is not for him to dictate where the common people would keep their hard-earned money, mamatabanerjee said attacking modi and the central government over demonetisation, which has plunged the nation into a big crisis.
prime minister narendramodi in rajya sabha prime minister narendramodi in rajya sabhaspeaking against corruption and black money during his reply to the debate on motion of thanks to presidents address in rajya sabha, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said the governments fight against corruption is not political.
not much has been done to address the adverse impact of demonetisation, naveenpatnaik said and added that specific concerns of odisha relating to development of kbk region, opening of bank branches in unbanked gram panchayats and meeting of developmental aspirations of scs and sts have not been addressed.
demonetisation, doubtless one of the most significant decisions of independent india that shook the entire nation, was there merely as a passing reference although prime minister modi had claimed india would emerge like gold after the ordeal of the first 50 days.
reminding him of his poll promise, mamatabanerjee said: he has not been able to bring back the black money stashed abroad but has snatched away peoples money slyly by demonetizing the high value notes.
the misery of artisans like hakak ended when prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8.
(source: ani_news/twitter)former finance minister p ram on wednesday said the gdp of india would take a hit of at least one per cent if not two owing to the demonetisation move by prime minister narendra modi.
amid criticism over the demonetisation move affecting many people and its overall benefits, ram claimed that while the whole nation stood with the prime minister, the opposition chose to be with the corrupt people.
donning a himachali cap with dry followers atop, gandhi in his forty minute speech said,``demonetisation is a move against the poor.
on the controversial noteban decision, former prime minister manmohansingh said scars and wounds caused by demonetisation are getting more visible with time and second anniversary is a day to remember how economic misadventures could roil the nation.
as part of the operation clean money launched on january 31, 2017, arunjaitley said the i-t department would leverage technology and data analysis for e-verification of cash deposits made during the demonetisation period.
private sector activity dipped for the first time since the demonetisation shock and to the greatest extent since early 2009, mirroring the sales trend," said pollyanna de lima , principal economist at ihs markit.
speaking on indian economy: the new normal in the aftermath of demonetisation, arunjaitley said for the first time such a decision came which was difficult to implement because one has to confront with many challenges.
what jaitley is not telling you is that modi did not even asked him about demonetisation that is the way government of india is being run.
notebandi (demonetisation), prohibition and goods and services tax (gst) were very courageous steps, but many times i feel that prohibition was a more difficult decision than demonetisation, deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi said at de-addiction day celebrations in patna in the presence of nitish and prohibition, excise and registration minister bijendra prasad yadav.
in a separate reply, when asked how much old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes (sbns) were deposited/exchanged upon being de-legalised, meghwal said specified bank notes (sbns) worth rs  12.44 lakh crore were returned to currency chests of rbi by december 10, 2016.
speaking on mondays protests against demonetisation, siddaramaiah said they were not opposed to taking action against hoarders or eliminating fake currency.
i fail to understand it), said akhileshyadav while trying to bring home the point that the bjp had used demonetisation as a tool to befool people in the name of checking black money and curbing corruption.
a day after four militants were killed in kashmir, punjab congress chief captain amarinder singh on monday said despite the narendra modi governments claims, note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from pakistan.
in an address to the nation on december 8, 2016, prime minister narendramodi had said the note recall was aimed at tackling corruption, black money, terror funding and fake currency.
last week, sbi chairperson arundhatibhattacharya said that the merger of associate banks with sbi itself is on track and remains unaffected by the demonetisation move.
in an interview for a tv news channel, modi said people voted on demonetisation during the 2017 assembly election in uttar pradesh and on gst in the 2018 assembly election in gujarat.
prime minister modi had announced the demonetisation move on november 8 last year under which the old rs 500 and rs 1000 note were rendered illegal tender.
prime minister modi on november 8 announced the scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, which formed about 86 per cent of total currency in circulation, with an aim to curb blackmoney and corruption.
as early as 11am, the state bank of india (sbi) atm at bomikhal had run out of cash, reminding the kiosk's security guard of the initial days after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8.
on black moneys link to terrorism, modi said that enemies from across the border were running their operations using fake currency notes.
dubbing demonetisation as a shameless flop show, mamatabanerjee asked the common people to rise in protest even as tmc activists staged dharnas in front of rbi office in kolkata as well as cbi office besides many places in the districts in west bengal.
prime minister modi tonight announced demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes with effect from midnight, making these notes invalid in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
an mp recalled that last year when urjit patel faced angry members over demonetisation, former prime minister manmohansingh told patel that he can skip answers to questions he considers uncomfortable.
thanking the 125 crore citizens (who have) proved that for them truth and honesty is important despite inconveniences post demonetisation, modi said corruption, black money and counterfeit currency had crippled the common man.
after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8, 2016, chief minister nitish kumar was among the few none-bjp leaders who strongly supported it at the risk of angering anti-bjp forces.
das said the government is keeping a close watch on deposits in jan dhan account as in many cases such account are being misused for parking black money.
on demonetisation, pranabmukherjee said the move may have led to a temporary slowdown in the economy, but would bring more transparency into the system.
taking on the opposition and accusing it of misguiding people over cashless transactions, modi said that while on one hand they claimed that rajiv brought about the telecom revolution, on the other they contradict themselves by saying that their countrymen dont have means for cashless transactions.
gandhi said finance minister arun jaitley had recently said economic decline had nothing to do with the demonetisation.
to combat evils of black money, corruption, counterfeit currency and terror financing, pranabmukherjee said the government took the decision on november 8 to demonetise old 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes.
the pmos directions came after it emerged that rs 1,238 crore has been deposited in cash in such entities in november-december 2016, soon after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of high-denomination notes.
asked whether his criticism of the centre appeared to be hypocritical, given that the telugu desam party (tdp), of which he is the president, had been part of the national democratic alliance (nda) government till march this year, babu said, i was against the demonetisation of the high-value currency notes, and said so after the move was announced.
(representational image)on november 8, prime minister narendramodi announced his ambitious demonetisation policy initiative to attack the scourges of corruption, black money and fake currency.
new delhi: even while the opposition stayed adamant in attacking the manner of rollout of demonetisation, prime minister modi told an all party meeting on tuesday evening that the decision on scrapping old high denomination notes is a crusade against corruption and black money.
bal thackeray would've backed demonetisation: pm to sena mpsmumbai, nov 22, 2016 (pti) 21:45 istamid shiv sena's growing criticism of centre's demonetisation move, prime minister modi today told the party mps had former party patriarch bal thackeray been alive, he would have supported the move.
union minister ram said that the congress is indulging in fear-mongering on demonetisation.
union finance minister arunjaitley today said the purpose of demonetisation is served as it had led to larger and cleaner gdp.
talking about demonetisation, modi claimed that it had not caused any harm to the common man, but it is congress which felt the pinch.
after prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8, 2016, chief minister nitish kumar was among the few none-bjp leaders who strongly supported it at the risk of angering anti-bjp forces.
p ram said that the demonetisation move would hit the gdp.
| reutersnew delhi: india will offer tax incentives to small businesses engaged in cashless transactions, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters on tuesday, as part of the government's fight against the cash economy.
watch what else is making news:in an apparent reference to criticism of demonetisation by opposition parties, arunjaitley also said there would have been complaints even before cash or currency was invented and even if it gets eliminated tomorrow.
lashing out at the prime minister for taking refuge in histrionics and falsehoods to cover up his failure in managing demonetisation, amarinder said contrary to modis claims, poor of the country were suffering the most from the move.
referring to demonetisation, modi said he will not stop until and unless he recovers the black money and said it was congress which has a problem with the ban.
in the video of the programme, which surfaced on media, jalil is heard telling the crowd that prime minister modi had said if he fails to end people's woes within 50 days of demonetisation, then he would be ready to face any punishment.
siddaramaiah said demonetisation has hit tax collection, but the commercial taxes department will meet the revenue target of rs 51,338 crore for the current financial year.
it's just beginning, says pm as bjp mps endorse his 'crusade'new delhi, nov 22, 2016, (pti) 13:09 istdemonetisation is not the end but the beginning of a long, deep and constant battle against black money and corruption and will benefit the poor and the common man, prime minister modi today said as the bjp parliamentary party passed a unanimous resolution endorsing his great crusade.
the number of new jobs due to be created this year will be dependent on how demonetisation affects sector, for which we have to wait till the financial year end, said modi , president of federation of telangana and andhra pradesh chamber of commerce and industry (ftapcci), who runs an sme.
new delhi: the prime minister modi on tuesday told the parliamentary board meeting of the bjp that the decision on demonetization is just the beginning of a long battle against black money and corruption.
(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) accusing prime minister narendra modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the rbi, congress vice president rahulgandhi said on monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on demonetisation just a day before the move.
new delhi: union urban development minister m.venkaiahnaidu on thursday said that by creating a ruckus in parliament, the congress was trying to wriggle out of the discussion over demonetisation.
the number of persons under the tax net has increased by 91 lakh as unaccounted cash lost anonymity post note ban, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
on november 8, prime minister modi had announced the demonetisation of rs. 500 and rs. 1,000 notes, thereby withdrawing 86 per cent or rs. 14 lakh crore worth currency from circulation.
accusing prime minister narendra modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the rbi, congress vice president gandhi said on monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on demonetisation just a day before the move.
prime minister modi had announced the demonetisation of high denomination banknotes on november 8.
asking the people to prefer digital transactions instead of cash transactions, modi told the shopkeepers: you already have a board outside your shops that reads: aaj nagad, kal udhar.
according to information accessed from the registrar of companies (roc), in the year after prime minister modi announced demonetisation , at least 11,286 companies have been struck off, the fifth most in the country after delhi and maharashtra, andhra pradesh-telangana and tamil nadu.
in his rally at moradabad today, modi said he was being targeted for cracking down on those with black money.
this is an attempt to break the unity of the opposition on the issue of demonetisation, congress general secretary c p ram told reporters in new delhi.
months before prime minister modi announced demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country, a low level government karmachari in jharkhands latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction.
on november 8, modi announced scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes as part of the combat against the menace of black money, corruption and terror funding.
speaking in a public rally in goa, a few days after announcing demonetisation on 8 november, 2016, prime minister narendramodi had asked for 50 days from the people of india for note-ban related hardships to endit has been 100 days since modi announced the scrapping of 86  of indias currency in circulation.
it has been three days since prime minister modi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, and people have been running helter-skelter to get their currency exchanged.
we explained to him about the critical issue going on in the country (after demonetisation), mamatabanerjee said after meeting the president.
(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)accusing prime minister narendra modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the rbi, congress vice president rahulgandhi said on monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on demonetisation just a day before the move.
bengaluru: anti-land grabbing action committee convener a t ram said action will be taken against land grabbers who have converted black money by buying agricultural land.
mr. das also said the main objective of the demonetisation exercise of countering fake currencies and curbing black money had been achieved.
we will take more action under the benami act against those who are hoarding black money in kind and properties, modi said to the thumping of the desks by the treasury benches.
modi to stress on black money at g-20 summitnew delhi, nov 11, 2014, dhns: 0:29 istprime minister modi on monday said that he would stress on international cooperation against black money in his interventions at the g-20 summit in australia.
highlighting modi governments failure in almost all sectors, mamata said: modi said demonetisation would bring down terrorism, instead it had grown during his tenure.
tmc mp sukhendu sekhar roy at the parliament house express photo tmc mp sukhendu sekhar roy at the parliament house express photopointing out that prime minister modi had said that hardships will last only 50 days after demonetisation of high-value currency on november 8 last year, opposition parties, led by the trinamool congress (tmc), on wednesday slammed the government for continuing restrictions on cash withdrawal from banks and atms even 90 days on.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said it was too early to assess the impact of demonetisation.
however, the prime minister has redefined the old normal in india where black money, corruption and cash flow in elections was considered normal, jaitley said, adding most activities earlier followed the practice of so much in cash and so much in cheque.
naidu said the biggest achievement of demonetisation was that money which was hiding in bed, bathrooms and iron safes had come back to banks.
hyderabad: days after ap chief minister chandrababu ram said people are fast losing faith in the banking system, the two telugu-speaking states  telangana and andhra pradesh  have joined hands on the cash crunch, contesting union finance minister arun jaitleys claims that the cash shortage is only a temporary phenomenon.
modi also said that political and business leaders globally have supported the demonetisation move.
committed to attack graft: pm after bjp show in civic pollsgonda (up), feb 24, 2017, (pti) 15:50 istbuoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi today said he was committed to root out corruption.
bengalureans have been depending on various jugaad methods since the day prime minister modi announced a surgical strike on black money.
there was some slowdown visible given the global situation even prior to demonetisation in the last year, arunjaitley said.
prime minister modi on november 8 had announced demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
expressing serious concern over the fallout of demonetisation in terms of its impact on the common people, amarinder said his personal view was that its objective to eliminate black money was good, but implementation was poor.
prime minister modi announced the demonetisation on november 8, a decision that sucked out 86  of the currency notes in circulation and left millions lining up at banks and atms for cash.
the move had branded 86 per cent of the currency in circulation black money and everyone a criminal, he said adding when modi announced the plan it was expected that adequate arrangements would be made for dispensing new notes.
lauding modis move against black money, chief minister park said that the drive would eradicate black money from india.
prime minister modi had claimed the decision (note ban) was targeted at black money hoarders.
there will be no charge on use of debit cardsthe move will help in greater penetration of digital transactions into our economy and hope that more and more people will move to digital transactions, said das.
donning a himachali cap with dry followers atop, rahulgandhi in his forty minute speech said,``demonetisation is a move against the poor.
pm seeks views of people on demonetisationnew delhi, nov 22, 2016, (pti) 12:26 istamid opposition attack, prime minister narendramodi today asked the people to directly convey their views to him on demonetisation via his app.
while acknowledging that the cash crunch would only ease post december 30, arunjaitley said that the amount of cash to be issued in the form of new 500 and 2,000 rupee notes would not be the same as the amount circulating before november 8, when prime minister narendra modi announced the so-called demonetisation.
singling out the gandhis for seeking account of demonetisation, modi asked whether the mother-son duo who are out on bail for financial irregularities would give him certificate of honesty.
hyderabad: union minister m m.venkaiahnaidu today said chartered accountants in india will have huge opportunities and challenges when the goods and services tax (gst) is implementedaddressing the icai international conference 'jnana yagna' here, the urban development minister said chartered accountants should play a vital role in addressing issues such as curbing black money.
demonetisation will help us achieve an honest economy and help improve the lots of the poor, said modi.
with the impact of demonetisation largely over and the gst unlikely to substantially derail consumer spending, ihs markit forecast real gdp growth to hit  7.3 per cent for 2017- 18 as a whole," lima said.
speaking at a book launch event here -- a day after the opposition launched a massive attack on the government over the issue -- modi said there has been little criticism of the demonetisation decision.
modi at a rally in agra yesterday said that political leaders behind multi-crore chit fund scams were attacking him because they had been hit hard by demonetisation, indirectly referring to mamata banerjee.
reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear, arunjaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system.
in respect of private banks, arunjaitley said: reserve bank of india (rbi) has informed that 11 employees have been placed under suspension where bank employees have been found involved in irregular exchange of transaction of specified bank note (sbn) during the phase of demonetisation.
prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi has asked his ministerial colleagues to give details of tours, if any, undertaken by them during the last three months, an exercise aimed at ascertaining whether they promoted demonetisation and other initiatives, sources said.
in a statement issued here, amarindersingh said sundays encounter in kashmir and reports of pakistan pushing fake rs 2,000 currency into india via bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by modi.
agra, nov 20, 2016 (pti) 18:46 istin poll-bound uttar pradesh, prime minister modi today said his demonetisation decision had severly hit the parties whose leaders seek money in lieu of tickets for contesting assembly polls, in a veiled attack on bsp chief mayawati who has been facing such allegations.
prior to november 8, the day prime minister narendramodi announced scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 banknotes, around rs 13,000 crore was fed daily into the countrys 220,000 atms.read | 50 days of demonetisation: atm queues shorter but ripples to remain in januarythough cash situation is better, queues can still be seen outside several atm kiosks, primarily due to withdrawal restrictions  rs 4,500 per day and rs 24,000 a week.
after the government's decision of withdrawing rs. 500 and rs. 1,000 banknotes to curb black money, corruption and counterfeit currency, jaitley said that higher-denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies.
hitting out at the government on demonetisation, gandhi said, last year i dont know what happened on november 8th narendra modi got an idea, he came on the tv and said bhaio, behno im going to ban the notes in your pockets.
in his speech on the november 8, modi had said: to break the grip of corruption and black money, we have decided that the rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes presently in use will no longer be legal tender from midnight tonight, that is 8th november 2016.
normalcy has returned to the currency system post demonetisation and the pace of cash withdrawls has come down, said r gandhi who retired as deputy governor of reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday and was in charge of the currency management division.
new delhi: all automatic teller machines (atms) will be re-calibrated in the next few days to ease the flow of currency notes and to reduce the inconvenience faced by the public, says the economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das.
accusing modi of being totally arrogant, mamatabanerjee claimed alleged that he was responsible for over 120 deaths owing to demonetisation.
slamming congress and left parties for focusing only on difficulties seen after demonetisation drive, jaitley said they were completely ignoring the economic and moral objectives behind the move.
the governments intention is also to increase digital transaction and ensure that more and more people migrate to digital money, said das.
taking a cue from advani,punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal said,a big issue has come up in the country nda chief ministers should first give in writing and announce their assets and tell the government that it can seize any black money they have.
responding to noteban critics, arunjaitley said demonetisation has strengthen the economy and increased the government resources to fund poverty alleviation and infrastructure development programmes.
as early as 11am, the state bank of india (sbi) atm at bomikhal had run out of cash, reminding the kiosk's security guard of the initial days after prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8.
when prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation, he had said the new year would see new india.
prime minister narendramodi , on november 29 last year, had asked bjp mps and mlas to submit their bank account statements of transaction between november 8, the day he announced demonetisation, and december 31 to party chief amit shah on january 1.
new delhi: vowing to carry forward the war against corruption and black money post-demonetisation, prime minister modi today said the government will soon operationalise a strong law to effectively deal with 'benami' properties and this was just the beginning.
new delhi: as the central governments financial agencies are going behind the people using rogue bank accounts to park their black money; prime minister modi on sunday said that action would be taken against those guilty under benami law.
79 million followers and other twitterati to take part in her suggested social media movement against demonetisation, which prime minister modi had announced on november 8 last year.
and at a bjp parliamentary party meeting, modi said his government had given prominence to janshakti (peoples power) over rajshakti (state power) through the demonetisation decision.
pm modi with bjp chief amit shah pm modi with bjp chief amit shahformer sp youth wing president of baghpat district, tarun deo yadav, has announced appropriate reward for those who would behead prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah for creating an emergency-like situation through demonetisation and being responsible for the 2002 godhra riots.
on november 8, 2016, prime minister narendramodi announced the withdrawal of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes to flush out high-denomination fake currency, mostly printed in pakistan.
new delhi/kolkata/lucknow: with his government under opposition fire over demonetisation both within and outside parliament, prime minister modi has asked bjp mps to publicise the benefits of the exercise and steps taken for mitigation of their problems.
96 lakh in malda district since prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8 2016 culling 86  of the currency in circulation on november 8 last year.
i say what they are observing is a 'black money support day', naidu said.
buoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi today said he was committed to root out corruption.
after prime minister modi announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, the centre in a bid to encourage customers to go cashless, had instructed the oil companies to give a discount of 0.
in the coming few months, rs 1,000 notes will be brought in with a new design, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said.
das said ever since the demonetisation announcement was made, a lot of representations have come to prime minister and finance minister arun jaitley to ease withdrawal norms for wedding purposes.
transport minister ram told journalists here on thursday that the annual revenue of the corporation will take a hit due to demonetisation and diesel price hike.
chief minister naveenpatnaik has already announced his support for demonetisation move of the centre.
on implementation of demonetisation process, prime minister modi yesterday said the government was always ready for the discussion on the issue but the opposition was only interested in tv bytes and not debates.
even as there were reports that bjp leaders would stay away from the wedding that has come at a time when prime minister modi has announced war on black money, there was a lineup of leaders of the party at the event.
if demonetisation is beneficial for the common man, then why are the shopkeepers, farmers and labourers suffering so much, mamatabanerjee asked the crowd present at the meeting.
buttressing his point, arunjaitley said that the services and financial sectors, which normally grow at around 9-10 per cent, had a fall in growth even before demonetisation was announced.
black money fight against big people, not small traders: pmghaziabad, feb 8, 2017 (pti) 20:13 istprime minister narendramodi today said the government's fight against black money was targeted at big people and big babus and that small traders need not worry.
nobody, not this government, not you, not the previous government knows exactly how much black money is stashed abroad, modi said in the second episode of his radio talk, mann ki baat.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , a strident modi critic, told journalists after the opposition meeting that all parties criticised the government's handling of kashmir, caste clashes in saharanpur, demonetisation and incidents of cow vigilantism.
defending demonetisation, modi said the governments fight against corruption is not political.
in his letter today, dubey claimed that ever since modi announced the demonetisation decision on november 8, thomas became restive and started searching for options to politicise the revolutionary step.
earlier, arunjaitley in a facebook post said demonetisation has helped in formalising the economy, expanding tax base and earmarking more resources for the poor.
on the criticism that almost the entire cash money got deposited in the banks post demonetisation, arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of demonetisation.
in a facebook post on the second anniversary of demonetisation, arunjaitley said in first four years of the national democratic alliance government, the number of income tax returns filers has gone up to 6.
modi said the demonetisation ---- which has made the bjp unpopular, particularly in the rural areas --- had led to the closure of many shell companies that were tools of the congresss corruption.
i dont know what the note contains but the conclusion i believe was that demonetisation is not a wise step, ram told ht.
in a surprise move, prime minister modi last night announced demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes with effect from wednesday to fight the menace of black money, fake currency, corruption and terror financing.
tax collection data is real and not an estimation, arunjaitley said, while dismissing apprehensions of slowdown in following currency squeeze post demonetisation.
still, the best overall performance of the economy was recorded since october 2016, endorsing the standpoint that the economy is recovering from the implementation of the twin shocks of demonetisation and gst," dodhia said.
finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said demonetisation resulted in formalisation of economy and increased tax base, prompting the government to earmark more resources for the poor and infrastructure development.
modi said the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency was to target those with unaccounted cash.
b'cash crunch: finance minister arunjaitley said the temporary shortage in certain states is being tackled quickly and that there is more than adequate currency in circulation.
tmc mp sukhendu sekhar roy at the parliament house express photo tmc mp sukhendu sekhar roy at the parliament house express photopointing out that prime minister narendramodi had said that hardships will last only 50 days after demonetisation of high-value currency on november 8 last year, opposition parties, led by the trinamool congress (tmc), on wednesday slammed the government for continuing restrictions on cash withdrawal from banks and atms even 90 days on.
b'union finance minister pranabmukherjee on saturday said that the government has sent notice to 17 persons in connection with stashing black money in foreign banks but it was not possible to reveal their names.
citing an example, rohatgi said petrol pumps deposited mostly rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes in banks when the exemptions were allowed.
replying to a debate on demand for grants (general budget), which the house passed by voice vote, meghwal said the opposition has been questioning demonetisation but the verdict in up and other states had proved people stood with pm narendra modi.
(file photo)finance minister arun jaitley today said the currency is in surplus and the ministry is monitoring status of atms on a daily basis to sort out operational issues.
in his television address, modi had said: honest citizens want this fight against corruption, black money, benami property, terrorism and counterfeiting to continue.
after modi announced the demonetisation last year, haasan had tweeted that this has to be lauded transcending party lines.
terming the criticism, that almost the entire cash money got deposited in the banks post demonetisation, as ill-informed, arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of demonetisation.
ghazipur (up): pummelling the congress and other parties which are opposing demonetisation, prime minister modi today said the corrupt were upset while the poor were enjoying a sound sleep after his decision and urged people to bear some inconvenience to root out graft.
accusing prime minister narendra modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the rbi, congress vice president rahulgandhi said on monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on demonetisation just a day before the move.
stating that none of the objectives mentioned by the centre for note ban have been achieved, modi said campaign would expose the real motive behind demonetisation scheme.
attacking former prime minister manmohan singh, who has been unsparing in his criticism of demonetisation, modi said he advocated strong measures against corruption and black money but did nothing during his rule of 10 years.
speaking at the same event, finance minister arunjaitley said the revenue department and the ed had a very important role to play in indias war against black money.
sharing the pain and miseries of the people are facing due to demonetisation of high value currency notes, modi said that history would not remember which prime minister enforced demonetisation but it would certainly remember how the people fought war on black money braving all troubles.
all restrictions should be withdrawn immediately #demonetisation, mamatabanerjee said in a tweet on monday.
b'rajasthan cm vasundhararaje (source: pti photo) rajasthan cm vasundhararaje (source: pti photo)demonetisation has hammered hard on corruption and the gst implementation has brought a positive change in the economy, rajasthan chief minister vasundhararaje said on thursday, lauding 3 years of modi government at centre.
prime minister modi on november 8 announced the demonetisation, effective that midnight, of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes.
jaitley and his team of officers in the finance ministry had their task cut out, especially after prime minister modi announced demonetisation of 50 days on november 8, 2016.
ani byraebareli: congress president gandhi on saturday said that no prime minister except narendra modi took foolish decisions such as demonetisation and goods and servies tax (gst) in the past 70 years.
now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency, jaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals.
taking on prime minister narendra modi over last novembers demonetisation exercise, senior congress leader p chidambaram said on saturday he would have quit as finance minister if forced to implement the measure.
all that modi said in 2014 is jumla  bringing back black money, giving employment to two crore people, implementing the recommendations of the swaminathan committee report to help resolve farmer woes.
rohatgi told the bench that various petitions have been filed challenging the demonetisation move before different high courts across the country and these matters should be transferred to the apex court or one of the high courts.
attacking modis policy, gandhi said that two months after the conclusion of demonetisation drive, the government has failed to provide even estimate of black money unearthed.
forget demonetisation, i will keep taking tough actions, one after another, to get rid of these termites who resurface at new places every time their holes are plugged, modi said at a function in jharkhands backward sahebganj district.
however, finance minister arunjaitley said the pmgky response should not be seen in isolation as it was introduced after the income disclosure scheme (ids) and demonetisation exercise were carried out in the previous fiscal.
watch video | find out what pm narendramodi told cabinet over demonetisation decisionin the worlds largest democracy the demonetisation was revolutionary: it called into question the states promise to pay the bearer the face value on every banknote.
people still suffering due to note banpeople across the country continue to suffer three months after the unexpected implementation of demonetisation on november 8, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said, dhns reports from kolkata.
new delhi: union urban development minister naidu on thursday said that by creating a ruckus in parliament, the congress was trying to wriggle out of the discussion over demonetisation.
while announcing its quarterly result, sbi chairperson arundhatibhattacharya also said that the bank has got deposits worth rs 53,000 crore and has exchanged currency worth rs 1,500 crore after demonetisation move.
economic affairs secretary subhashchandragarg said that the government will step up printing of rs 500 notes by five times in order to meet an unusual spurt in demand for cash.
while appreciating the fellow countrymen on the ways in which demonetisation has shaped, pm modi in his speech said the following:the government will take care of interest for 60 days for farmers who had taken loans from district coop, central bank.
modi said that the demonetisation move was a fight against corruption and targeted those who amassed wealth by unfair means.
in bhilwara, gandhi said demonetisation and gst left lakhs of people unemployed.
more than rs 130 crore in cash and jewellery has been seized and approximately rs 2,000 crore of undisclosed income has been admitted by the taxpayers, it addedin a major assault on black money and terror funding, prime minister modi on november 8 announced demonetisation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes and asked holders of such currencies to deposit it in bank accounts by december end.
the demonetisation pulled them out and now the money is being used for your development, modi said, pointing towards the crowd.
agra: in poll-bound uttar pradesh, prime minister modi today said his demonetisation decision had severly hit the parties whose leaders seek money in lieu of tickets for contesting assembly polls, in a veiled attack on bsp chief mayawati who has been facing such allegations.
digital payments will help fight corruption and proliferation of black money, said pm modi.
power minister piyushgoyal said election results are a clear mandate of pm modis pro-poor policies, good governance, demonetisation and model of development.
prime minister modi on november 8 last year had announced demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
congress mp shashitharoor (pti photo) congress mp shashitharoor (pti photo)attacking the government over demonetisation, congress leader shashitharoor tuesday said there has been no positive impact on the economy due to note ban.
bhubaneswar: union finance minister arun jaitley on thursday said prime minister narendra modi has created a new normal for the countrys economy by breaking all stereotypes of the past through his demonetisation move.
finance minister arun jailtey (file photo) finance minister arun jailtey (file photo)the implementation of the goods and services tax (gst), coupled with a digitised economy ushered in by demonetisation, will make indias economy look much cleaner and bigger, said union finance minister arun jaitley at the vibrant gujarat global summit wednesday.
(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)accusing prime minister narendra modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the rbi, congress vice president gandhi said on monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on demonetisation just a day before the move.
demonetisation curbed use of black money in the sector, modi said, adding his decisions face problems in the beginning as he works ahead of time.
after prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8, the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy.
prime minister narendramodi on november 8 last year had announced demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
he said modi had also said that black money stashed abroad is equal to five union budgets and that it was enough to put rs 15 lakh in the account of all indian citizens.
demonetisation, doubtless one of the most significant decisions of independent india that shook the entire nation, was there merely as a passing reference although prime minister narendramodi had claimed india would emerge like gold after the ordeal of the first 50 days.
the govt seems to have reached its levels of desperation to overcome the initial blunder it created, through the unplanned and unthought process of demonetisation, gandhi said in his facebook post.
finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said it will be erroneous to attribute the sharp slowdown in economic growth in the fourth quarter of 2016-17 solely to demonetisation since several factors, including the global situation, pulled down the gdp growth to 6.
i am getting your invaluable support for the second cleanliness drive, modi said referring to the demonetisation decision of his government aimed at tackling black money, corruption and terror funding as he addressed the global citizen festival here.
it's just beginning, says pm as bjp mps endorse his 'crusade'new delhi, nov 22, 2016, (pti) 13:09 istdemonetisation is not the end but the beginning of a long, deep and constant battle against black money and corruption and will benefit the poor and the common man, prime minister narendramodi today said as the bjp parliamentary party passed a unanimous resolution endorsing his great crusade.
addressing the indian diaspora in japan, modi said people back home were hailing his decision of rendering rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes invalid but some of them were being prodded to speak against the government because of politics.
new delhi: battling the oppositions criticism on its sudden move to ban the big currency notes to check black or untaxed money, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das on friday said the people who are indulging in or colluding with money laundering or converting black money into white will not be spared.
many educational institutions had been under the government scanner over alleged monetary discrepancies even before prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation exercise on november 8.
demonetisation, arunjaitley said, will act as a disincentive towards continuing to deal with shadow economy, and integration of informal with formal economy will increase the size of the gdp and make it cleaner.
officers said this was the biggest haul of scrapped notes in the calcutta police area since prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of the two categories of notes on november 8.
making similar demand, cpi(m) general secretary ram said that in the meeting they told the government that there should be discussion on demonetisation for two days as it has severely impacted the people across india, who have suffered due to this irrational move.
prime minister narendramodi and the government had earlier claimed that demonetisation will put an end to black money, fake currency and terrorism.
prime minister modi on november 8 announced the junking of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes and replaced the currency with new rs 2,000 and rs 500 notes.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said that the demonetisation is due to sharp increase in circulation of these notes in the last five years.
replying to a query about opposition parties attacking the government over the issue, he said, prime minister modi while announcing the decision to invalidate rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 had said there will some inconvenience to people for the initial 50-day period after which the situation will ease out.
today, i challenge them to spell out a single step that they had taken during 10-year of their rule against black money, finance minister arun jaitley said while replying to the debate.
expressing gratitude to the people, modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment, 'digidhan' movement, pm said that it is a brave act against corruption and black money.
launching a stinging attack on the opposition party over corruption at an election rally in sundernagar, modi said the congress campaign against demonetisation was driven by its attempts to mislead the people and create an atmosphere against him before he can raise a storm over benami assets.
on the recalibration of atms for dispensing new design currency notes, arunjaitley said, it would take two to three weeks, since the present machines are designed to dispense only rs 100, rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
(pti photo)demonetisation has narrowed the gap between rich and poor and will help boost gdp growth, minister of state for finance arjun ram meghwal told lok sabha monday.
prime minister modi , on november 29 last year, had asked bjp mps and mlas to submit their bank account statements of transaction between november 8, the day he announced demonetisation, and december 31 to party chief amit shah on january 1.
district in-charge minister ram said demonetisation has affected the country massively in terms of declining growth rate.
emphasising that the move destroyed the economy, lives and livelihoods, cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury said: modi and his minions claimed demonetisation will end black money, finish corruption, terminate terrorism, and bring only digital transactions.
expressing gratitude to the people, modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment, 'digidhan' movement.
it should make public how much money has been pumped back into the economy and the amount of money states have received post demonetisation, mamatabanerjee said.
in his monthly radio address to the nation 'mann ki baat', modi on the occasion of christmas said 15,000 people who use digital payment modes will be given a reward of rs 1,000 each by a lucky draw.
prime minister modi had announced on november 8 last year the governments decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1000 bank notes, in a move aimed at tackling black money.
with opposition parties questioning the government over benefits of the demonetisation process, arunjaitley said that tax authorities are conducting big data mining to zero in on those with income disproportionate to cash they deposited during the 50-day process.
chief minister nitishkumar says the cases of black money and benami properties against lalu clan fall under the domain of central government, but this case pertains to the state government only.
to questions regarding change of rules 150 times after demonetisation announcement, modi said it was done to find ways to ease problems of people.
after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, the centre in a bid to encourage customers to go cashless, had instructed the oil companies to give a discount of 0.
a total of rs 450 crore had been deposited in the branch since november 8, the day prime minister modi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1.
referring to the november 8 demonetisation of `500 and `1,000 notes, modi said he knew that people with ill-gotten wealth will become his enemies but the people are with him.
on disclosure of names of black money, arunjaitley said, we cannot make the names of black money holders public at will.
we will be talking about the steps taken up by the government in curbing black money, uniform civil code and lack of scams, bihar deputy cm modi said.
on demonetisation, modi said there was chaos amongst the corrupt after note ban was announced as they were forced to deposit the ill-gotten money in bank accounts.
on november 8 last year, prime minister modi announced the decision to demonetise all 1,000- and 500 rupee notes in an effort to curb black money and corruption.
around 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister narendramodi said in rajya sabha today, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
prime minister modi while announcing the demonetisation decision on november 8 had said there will be some inconvenience to people for the initial 50-day period after which the situation will ease out.
further explaining his stand against demonetisation, the former union minister said, 80 per cent transactions in germany and austria is cash-based, in australia it is 60 per cent, canada 56 per cent and us 46 per cent, and prime minister narendramodi says india will go 100 per cent cashless.
the reserve bank of india had warned the government about demonetisation hours before prime minister narendramodi announced the move on november 8, 2016, congress leader jairan ramesh said at a press conference on monday.
finance minister arunjaitley told rajya sabha on tuesday that the remonetisation process moved smoothly after demonetisation was announced and that there was no shortage of currency supply, even for a single day.
the government seems to have reached its levels of desperation to overcome the initial blunder it created through the unplanned and unthought process of demonetisation, gandhi said on facebook.
prime minister narendramodi had announced on november 8 last year the governments decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1000 bank notes, in a move aimed at tackling black money.
new delhi: even as bjp mps hailing from uttar pradesh claimed that the momentum in favour of the saffron outfit was sliding ahead of the assembly elections due to demonetisation, prime minister modi on friday said that the nation is above party interests.
the left parties have compromised their ideology even as their mentors and communist leaders jyoti basu and harkishan singh surjeet had supported the idea of demonetisation, modi said.
prime minister modi had announced demonetisation of the rs 500/1000 notes on the night of november 8.
, chairman hamidansari asked the members to resume the debate on demonetisation but opposition members raised slogans, which were countered by some members from the treasury benches.
fadnavis said the results are an ample indication that people have accepted prime minister narendra modi's note ban move and the state government's transparency plank.
it would be good if the banks make some arrangements to ensure smaller denomination notes are made available in atms.voicing similar opinion, subitha kumar from shantinagar said, we have been struggling ever since prime minister modi announced the demonetisation.
all the 125 crore people of the country have equal value and importance, modi said in his monthly radio programme mann ki baat in which he also pushed for more digital transactions, informed about the launch of south asia satellite on may 5 and spoke about some other issues.
in response, attorney general mukul rohatgi said that there is no shortage of funds as rs 100 notes are in circulation and the atms needed to be re-calibrated to issue new currency notes of rs 500 and rs 2,000.
with them, we are not having dtaa, but we are entering into agreement, which is called exchange of tax information, pranabmukherjee said, adding that the problem of black money can be addressed only in a legal way.
responding to questions over the final tally of deposits received during the demonetisation period, arunjaitley said it will be announced by rbi after every note is counted.
reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear, jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system.
pm seeks views of people on demonetisationnew delhi, nov 22, 2016, (pti) 12:26 istamid opposition attack, prime minister modi today asked the people to directly convey their views to him on demonetisation via his app.
also, over rs 25,000 crore in cash was deposited in dormant bank accounts, while nearly rs 80,000 crore of repayment of loans was done in cash since november 8, 2016 when prime minister modi announced demonetisation.
in a few months, rs 1,000 notes with new features will be brought into the market, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said while addressing the economic editor's conference in new delhi on thursday.
mocking the bsp and the samajwadi party, prime minister modi said both came together against the demonetisation scheme though they usually oppose each other on most topics.
bhubaneswar: union finance minister arun jaitley on thursday said prime minister narendra modi has created a 'new normal' for the country's economy by breaking all the stereotypes of the past through his demonetisation move.
antalya (turkey), nov 16, 2015 (ians) 16:19 istindia has zero tolerance on black money and corruption, prime minister narendramodi said on monday, the second and final day of the g20 summit here.
recently, finance minister arunjaitley had said that all efforts are being made to bring to book those who have been named in the hsbc bank list of black money holders and there are evidence against them.
(file photo)at a public meeting on monday, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee asked corporate houses and businessmen why they were keeping quiet about demonetisation and urged them to come forward and speak out against it.
after prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation move on november 8, 2016, there was a liquidity squeeze in the market and the demand for jewellery went down by around 80 per cent.
when modi asked the country to try out digital payments following the governments demonetisation move, kumar took on the cudgels to make palnar cashless.
mr. das said the bold and decisive step to fight black money and the use of fake currency notes to finance terrorism was backed by analysis of indias currency trends.
there was some slowdown visible given the global and domestic situation even prior to demonetisation in the last year, arunjaitley said while addressing media on completion of three years of the modi government.
in a surprise move on november 8, prime minister modi had announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
those indulging in or colluding with money laundering or converting black money into white will not be spared, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said in a tweet.
it has come to notice of the government that in many places the same people are coming back again and again and we have also received reports that certain unscrupulous elements who are trying to convert black money into white have organised groups of innocent people and are sending them from one branch to another branch to exchange notes and get rs 4500, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das told reporters.
defending the centres decision, prime minister modi on friday said the demonetisation move had empowered the common man in the fight against black money, while taking a swing at the opposition and critics saying they were flustered as they were caught off guard.
while acknowledging that the cash crunch would only ease post december 30, jaitley said that the amount of cash to be issued in the form of new 500 and 2,000 rupee notes would not be the same as the amount circulating before november 8, when prime minister modi announced the so-called demonetisation.
special: experience the first 50 days after demonetisation through 50 exclusive stories from tnieterming the criticism, that almost the entire cash got deposited in the banks post demonetisation, as ill-informed, arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of demonetisation.
talking to reporters outside rashtrapati bhavan after leading a delegation of some opposition party leaders to meet president pranab mukherjee, mamatabanerjee said her party was for tackling black money and accused the central government of implementing the demonetisation move without proper planning.
kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee today asked prime minister narendra modi about how many more lives would be lost in the country in the wake of the demonetisation move.
for promoting digital transactions there is a need to popularise rupay card among people, bihar cm nitishkumar said.
to help small traders meet their business requirements, das said the government has decided to increase the cash withdrawal limit to rs 50,000 per week for small businesses.
repeating remarks he made in lok sabha a day earlier, modi said demonetisation should have happened in 1971 when indira gandhi was the prime minister.
explaining why the government decided to go for demonetisation, arunjaitley said if people had to buy property, they were asked as to how much money would be paid in cash and how much by cheque, and such immoral practices continued.
finance minister t.m. thomas isaac told the assembly on tuesday that the government hoped to overcome the impact of demonetisation and gst on the states economy in another six months.
prime minister narendramodi announced about the demonetisation in his address to the nation at 8 pm on the same day after cabinets approval.
modi said the demonetisation process is a great move but not as big as the surgical strike.
watch what else is making newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, arunjaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
prime minister modi , while announcing the demonetisation decision on november 8, had said that the move would curb blackmoney besides getting other positive results.
by iansshahdol: stepping up his attack on the congress and the gandhi family, prime minister modi on friday said the gandhis are crying even two years after demonetisation as they have lost ill-gotten money.
addressing a rally here, modi said, my justice is a little 'karak' (strong) - referring to the demonetisation move to uproot corruption.
expressing satisfaction that lakhs of tea workers did not have to suffer due to the demonetisation, sonowal said that each bank must take steps for opening of bank accounts of the tea garden workers who were still left out as per list prepared in-coordination with the tea garden management and start disbursal through such accounts.
the impact of demonetisation was bound to show up on the growth figures, said dk ram , chief economist of crisil, while forecasting 7.
earlier, attacking the narendra modi government on demonetisation, congress president rahulgandhi on wednesday said that the note ban policy has destroyed lives of crores of farmers.
ever since prime minister modi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, 2016, there has been talks of a new denomination of currency possibly being introduced.
96 lakh in malda district since prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8 2016 culling 86  of the currency in circulation on november 8 last year.
mamata had sent an invite to the finance minister weeks before prime minister modi announced the demonetisation move.
patna, may 5: the rjd has raked up the issue of demonetisation again, even though its ally jdu's chief nitishkumar had said the note ban had found resonance among the poor.
#demonetisation, mamatabanerjee said in a series of five tweets on wednesday.
(source: pti photo)around 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister narendramodi said in rajya sabha on wednesday, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
in punjab's context, amarindersingh said the agriculture sector, which was largely dependent on cash transactions, had been hit hard, along with the informal sector.
mamata had sent an invite to the finance minister weeks before prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation move.
the government and opposition parties were thursday locked in a bitter war of words with finance minister arun jaitley citing a spike in the number of taxpayers to staunchly defend demonetisation while congress president gandhi said the note ban cost 1.
mangaluru: december 8, 2016, dhns 0:09 ista month after demonetisation, getting change a problem for citizensit will be one month on thursday since prime minister modi announced demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes and the cash withdrawal limit at atms has been increased to rs 2,500 per day by the rbi.
committed to attack graft: pm after bjp show in civic pollsgonda (up), feb 24, 2017, (pti) 15:50 istbuoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister modi today said he was committed to root out corruption.
new delhi: advocating for cashless transactions, the prime minister modi has said that the large volumes of liquid cash are a big source of corruption and black money.
in an address to the nation on december 8, 2016, prime minister modi had said the note recall was aimed at tackling corruption, black money, terror funding and fake currency.
modi said he was aware of the problems being faced by the people post-demonetisation.
2:30 pm speaking about congress plans to launch a black day drive on november 8, the anniversary of demonetisation move, pm modi said, theyre going to celebrate 8 nov as black day & burn my effigies.
hitting out at congress for raising the issue of change of rules 150 times on demonetisation, modi said the previous upa government had changed rules regarding mnrega 1035 times during its implementation over six years.
the decision to ban cash transactions beyond a threshold is based on the recommendation of the special investigation team on black money that was set up by the supreme court, arunjaitley said while presenting union budget 2017-18 in parliament.
minister of state for finance arjun ram meghwal told the rajya sabha that rs  15.44 lakh crore in high-value notes were in circulation when the prime minister announced the demonetisation move on november 8.
a day after finance minister arunjaitley said it will be erroneous to attribute the slowdown in economic growth in the last quarter of 2016-17 solely to demonetisation, congress spokesperson abhishek singhvi said the best way to describe the governments reaction was utter confusion, perplexity, hypocrisy, bewilderment and bemusement.
speaking to express, park said, there is a myth, just like the myth post demonetisation that prices would fall, that there is no demand for real estate.
prime minister modi had announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 last year, and said it was aimed at checking fake currency.
admitting that demonetisation has affected finances of the state, finance minister ram said that there is a decrease in tax revenues for the last four months -- from november, 2016 to february, 2017.
pti photoaddressing party mps at the bjps parliamentary party meeting, finance minister arunjaitley said that the prime minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities.
its the law on black money, modi said in bhopal.
seeking to rope in youngsters to promote cashless transactions, modi said for every person you introduce to the bhim app, you will get a cash back of rs 10.
lalu said that modi may claim that it was his bold decision but in reality, demonetisation has taken the country back by many years.
despite his opposition to demonetisation, ram said there was no evidence that majority of the jan dhan accounts were used for money laundering post-currency withdrawal.
pti file photoa day after data showed indias key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said demonetisation did not see a 2  dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended.
kumar had unambiguously praised demonetisation hours after prime minister modi announced the move on november 8 evening, even though the two other ruling allies in bihar  rjd and congress  had been critical of it.
new delhi, aug 15, 2015, (pti): 10:31 istcommitting to carry forward the fight against black money, prime minister narendramodi today said rs 6,500 crore of undisclosed foreign assets have been declared under the compliance window of the new law and the drive would continue despite its 'side effects'.
with regard to the impact of demonetisation on rabi sowing, das said the total sowing area so far is almost at par with last year and whatever shortfall has happened will be made good in the coming weeks.
pti photo by manvender vashist expressing gratitude to the people, modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment, digidhan movement.
in a statement issued here, amarinder said sundays encounter in kashmir and reports of pakistan pushing fake rs 2,000 currency into india via bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by modi.
new delhi: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and his delhi counterpart arvind kejriwal on thursday asked the government to scrap the demonetisation decision in three days or face a revolt.
now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency, arunjaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals.
referring to the latest u-turn by the rbi on deposit of old notes under the demonetisation policy, amarinder said modi and his team were pushing the country into a state of financial anarchy and chaos by not following any rules in the matter of demonetisation.
this law will enable confiscation of benami property and provide for prosecution, thus blocking a major avenue for generation and holding of black money in the form of benami property, especially in real estate, arunjaitley said.
last month, prime minister modi had said 37,000 shell companies indulging in tax evasion had been detected and more than three lakh firms were under the scanner for suspicious dealings, post demonetisation.
buoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister modi today said he was committed to root out corruption.
in his speech to the joint sitting of both houses, president ramnathkovind said, the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace.
on november 8 last year, prime minister narendramodi announced the decision to demonetise all 1,000- and 500 rupee notes in an effort to curb black money and corruption.
according to information accessed from the registrar of companies (roc), in the year after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation , at least 11,286 companies have been struck off, the fifth most in the country after delhi and maharashtra, andhra pradesh-telangana and tamil nadu.
addressing a rally ahead of the second phase of voting in chhattisgarh on november 20, modi claimed the people did not have issues with demonetisation, but only a family.
the impact of the demonetisation and the gst is well behind us, finance minister arunjaitley said on thursday after the numbers were announced.
bharataiya janata party president amitshah said on friday that the demonetisation has not affected the common people and only some politicians.
a day after prime minister modi announced ban on rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes to tackle corruption and black money, the government had on november 9 said no toll fee would be collected on national highways till november 11 mid-night.
also read: pm modi's latest demonetisation barf is 'shell firms', says rahul gandhiwhen modi spoke from the ramparts of the red fort in delhi that before he became the prime minister in 2014, the elephant (india) was sleeping, he was insulting people of the country, gandhi said.
speaking at the first meeting of the bjp parliamentary party in the winter session, modi said the poor and the lower and middle classes have suffered the most due to black money, fake currency and corruption and his government is working to rid the country of these evils and make the economy stronger.
talking to reporters later, manoharparrikar said those who sponsor terror will be affected by the demonetisation.
speaking about demonetisation, modi said it was not an unexpected jolt, as the government had given warnings over a period of one year to hoarders of black money to declare their assets and pay penalties.
its been just over a month since prime minister modi announced that rs 14 lakh crore worth of rs 500 and rs 1,000 denomination notes will be taken out of circulation, in a surprise move to unearth piles of illicit cash hoarded by the citizens via tax non-compliance/evasion, corruption, criminal activities etc.
many atms, which reopened four days after prime minister modi announced the demonetisation of two higher value currency notes, ran out of cash in few hours, leaving people frustrated.
with opposition parties alleging that top bjp leaders knew about demonetisation in advance and protected their ill-gotten gains, prime minister modi asked all his party mps and union ministers to share their bank transaction details from november 8 to december 31 with party chief amit shah.
on tuesday, arunjaitley was replying to a supplementary question from cpi(m) rajya sabha mp c p narayanan on why the banks were starved of the new notes for such a long time, as arunjaitley had earlier told the house that demonetisation came after nine months of preparations by the government and the rbi.
minister of state for home kiren rijiju said there has been a big impact in attempts to pump in fake indian currency notes (ficn) into the country and no such incident was reported ever since prime minister modi had announced the demonetisation decision.
in the backdrop of the industry's demand to reduce the proposed gst rates of 5 per cent, 12 per cent, 18 per cent and 28 per cent after demonetisation, cbec chairman najib shah said the centre and the states collected rs 8 lakh crore from indirect taxes, minus customs duty, and the same level of revenue had to be collected in the gst regime.
not much has been done to address the adverse impact of demonetisation, naveenpatnaik said and added that specific concerns of odisha relating to development of kbk region, opening of bank branches in unbanked gram panchayats and meeting of developmental aspirations of scs and sts have not addressed.
lauding prime minister narendra modi for his decisiveness, arunjaitley said unlike the previous prime minister (manmohan singh), modi has been decisive in taking steps with regard to demonetisation, surgical strike against pakistan and the goods and services tax (gst).
on the other hand, mp and former jd(u) president sharad yadav sits on a dharna with trinamool congress chief mamata banerjee, demanding a rollback of the demonetisation decision, senior bjp leader modi said.
india growing at 7-8 per cent is fairly reasonable in the current global context, finance minister arunjaitley said today while maintaining that the decline in fourth quarter gdp print cannot be attributed to demonetisation alone.
on the demonetisation drive, arunjaitley said that the governments bid to go cashless meant less cash and not no cash, as reported by the opposition parties and a section of the media.
the pmo direction came after it emerged that rs 1,238 crore was deposited in these entities during the november-december period after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation.
the pmo direction came after it emerged that rs 1,238 crore was deposited in these entities during the november-december period after prime minister modi announced demonetisation.
trinamool mp sukhendu sekhar roy said wednesday marked the 90th day since modi announced the demonetisation decision.
mumbai: since the demonetisation of high currency notes terror funding has come down to zero and there hasn't been stone-pelting on security forces, defence minister manoharparrikar said here today.
prime minister modi on tuesday night announced the surprise demonetisation of higher denomination notes.
jharkhiholi had made news in november when, days after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of high-value currencies, he had conducted an extravagant wedding for his son on the lines of former bjp minister and mining baron g janardhan reddys daughters wedding the same month.
modi said history would not remember which pm enforced demonetisation but it would certainly recall how the people fought a war on black money.
modi and his minions claimed demonetisation will end black money, finish corruption, terminate terrorism, and bring only digital transactions.
further explaining his stand against demonetisation, the former union minister said, 80 per cent transactions in germany and austria is cash-based, in australia it is 60 per cent, canada 56 per cent and us 46 per cent, and prime minister modi says india will go 100 per cent cashless.
those who did not consider the generation of so much black money and scams during their regime as blunder are now finding the crusade against black money as blunder, arunjaitley said.
demonetisation was a bold and decisive strike in a series of measures to arrive at a bigger, cleaner and real gdp, arunjaitley told pti at karnali village, around 72 km from here.
denouncing demonetisation, shashitharoor said that there was no positive effect of demonetisation on the economy.
the finance ministry has urged people to withdraw only as much cash as they need from atms, and the ministry is looking into complaints about atms running dry, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said here on wednesday.
in a facebook post on the second anniversary of demonetisation, arunjaitley said in first four years of the national democratic alliance (nda) government, the number of income tax returns filers has gone up to 6.
gandhi claimed that lakhs of youth lost jobs because of demonetisation and gst as production in factories stopped due to lack of demand in the market.
on demonetisation and the gst implementations, gandhi claimed that people have confusion about these.
demonetisation to push digital economy, says nilekaninew delhi, nov 28, 2016, pti: 22:21 istdemonetisation would see a massive activation of digitisation of financial services in the country, although there will be some amount of short term pain in the coming weeks, former uidai chairman nandan nilekani said today.
in his budget speech on wednesday, arunjaitley said the move was based on a proposal made by a special investigation team (sit) on black money.
kobe: prime minister modi on saturday said he was aware of the hardship people were facing in india because of the demonetisation move, but emphasized that it was necessary in the larger interests of the nation.
in last november, after the decision (demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes) to fight black money and corruption, many lies were hurled, rumours were created and allegations were levelled that everything will disintegrate now and the economy will finish, modi said.
prime minister modi in rajya sabha prime minister modi in rajya sabhaspeaking against corruption and black money during his reply to the debate on motion of thanks to presidents address in rajya sabha, prime minister modi on wednesday said the governments fight against corruption is not political.
speaking in lok sabha after prime minister narendra modis fiery speech earlier in the day in the house, shashitharoor said, even the rbi has said that demonetisation did not bring the change as promised by the government.
prime minister modi had told a rally in agra yesterday said that political leaders behind multi-crore chit fund scams were attacking him because they had been hit hard by demonetisation, indirectly referring to mamata banerjee.
punjab congress chief captain amarinder singh on sunday asked prime minister narendra modi to waive farmers loans if he was serious about alleviating their woes following his demonetisation move.
after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8, the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy.
modi said the terrorists derive funding from a variety of criminal activities which include smuggling of narcotics, bank robbery, vehicle thefts, fake currency or from state sponsored activities in failed states.
karnataka milk federation (kmf) director, who looks into co-operative societies, dr babu said the societies started putting money directly to the farmers/producers account after demonetisation move.
on november 8, 2016, prime minister babu in a televised address to the nation had announced demonetisation of the old high-value currency value notes.
only those holding huge stashes of untaxed black money need worry, modi said.
buoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi had yesterday said he was committed to root out corruption.
2 crore have been seized across the country since prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8.
read|demonetisation has been monumental management failure, says manmohanchidambaram castigated modi for quoting from madhav godboles book in which the former bureaucrat claimed that former pm indira gandhi had rejected the idea of demonetisation telling then finance minister yb chavan about electoral compulsions.
finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said the currency is in surplus and the ministry is monitoring status of atms on a daily basis to sort out operational issues.
(source: pti photo)stating that demonetisation has had no impact on gdp, prime minister narendramodi citing testimonials by apple chief tim cook, microsoft founder bill gates, world bank chief kristalina georgieva, nobel laureate for economics muhammad yunus and others, on tuesday said that the world was looking at the bold move with a lot of respect.
mangaluru: december 8, 2016, dhns 0:09 ista month after demonetisation, getting change a problem for citizensit will be one month on thursday since prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes and the cash withdrawal limit at atms has been increased to rs 2,500 per day by the rbi.
it is january 12, 2017, 66 days since prime minister modi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
speaking at the meeting, modi said demonetisation is not the end but the beginning of a long, deep and constant battle against black money and corruption and will benefit the poor and the common man.
for the urban population, das said recalibration of atms has already started and they will start dispensing the new rs 2,000 currency notes from today or tomorrow.
by ptiwashington: demonetisation and the goods and services tax (gst) are the two major headwinds that held back india's economic growth last year, former rbi governor raghuramrajan has said, asserting that the current seven per cent growth rate is not enough to meet the country's needs.
das said, jan-dhan account holders should not allow other people to use their accounts to convert their black money into white.
defending government's decision to demonetise rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, arunjaitley said cash is the biggest facilitator of crime even though he agreed that there will be crime even if there is less cash.
indian prime minister modi on november 8 had announced the demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes.
data showed black money holders started couriering cash just two days after prime minister modi announced the invalidation of the higher denominations.
modi, who was speaking at the centenary celebrations of the karnataka lingayat education society here, said his government did not want to trouble the honest, but would not spare the dishonest as he defended the fight against black money and promised more steps to tackle the menace.
on the issue of demonetisation, arunjaitley said the congress government had not initiated any step against black money.
modi said he wanted to fight against black money so that ordinary citizens get rs 15 lakh each but what came was rs 3.
prime minister modi and the government had earlier claimed that demonetisation will put an end to black money, fake currency and terrorism.
stressing that demonetisation decision will have a positive impact on the economy, arunjaitley said, this (the move) will have positive impact as far as the medium and long terms are concerned.
apart from continuing incursions from across the border, there was sufficient ground to believe that black money remained a serious concern despite a 86  old currency getting frozen overnight following the demonetisation, said amarindersingh , citing reports of frequent seizures of large sums of unaccounted for, new currency.
(representational image)on november 8, prime minister modi announced his ambitious demonetisation policy initiative to attack the scourges of corruption, black money and fake currency.
since prime minister modi had announced the demonetisation of high value currency notes on november 8, there have been long queues outside banks and atms.in his written communication to rbi and sbi, prakash chand (controller of accounts - pao) said that nowdays public was visiting the bank branches for withdrawal of money from their accounts and also depositing and exchanging their old notes.
new delhi: hitting out at those accusing the government of not being prepared for demonetisation, prime minister modi said they are actually pained that they themselves did not get time to make any preparation.
in his speech announcing demonetisation in november 2016, modi had said that banning certain currency notes would curb black money and circulation of fake notes by terrorist outfits.
while announcing the demonetisation, prime minister modi had asked holders of such notes to deposit or exchange them in banks till december 30.
collect details and prepare a comprehensive report on how demonetisation has impaired the finances of anti-national elements and groups,'' rajnathsingh told the intelligence agency at the inaugural of the 51st post-independence dgps/igps conference-2016 at the sardar vallabhbhai patel national police academy in hyderabad on friday.
justifying demonetisation, arunjaitley said it will act as a disincentive towards continuing to deal with shadow economy, and integration of informal with formal economy will increase the size of the gdp and make it cleaner.
don't evaluate me only on demonetisation and gst; we brought economic reform, built toilets, brought electricity to 18,000 villages, modi had said in an interview to zee news.
stating the move was essential in the fight against black money, modi said the public could deposit their old notes at banks or post office accounts till december 30.
addressing the media in new delhi about prime ministers last night meeting to review the demonetisation and its impact, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said the atm re-calibration has started and some of the atms will start dispensing higher denominations, including 2000 rupee notes, from today or tomorrow.
indias economic growth of 7  during october-december has sparked a debate on how output grew so fast at a time when the country was facing its biggest-ever cash crunch after prime minister modi announced on november 8 the demonetisation exercise, which weeded out 86  of the currency notes in circulation.
modi said the return of black money into the banking system had brought along with it a treasure trove of data that would help his government punish wrongdoers.
the demonetisation step is irreversible, ram said.
last month, prime minister narendramodi had said 37,000 shell companies indulging in tax evasion had been detected and more than three lakh firms were under the scanner for suspicious dealings, post demonetisation.
expressing gratitude to the people, modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment, digidhan movement.
in the next brihanmumbai municipal corporation elections, nobody will be left with power to bribe voters, manoharparrikar said, without naming the ally shiv sena which has been critical of demonetisation.
devoting considerable attention to demonetisation and its aftereffects, arunjaitley said the surplus liquidity in the banking system created by the note ban decision will lower borrowing cost and increase access to credit.
the misery of artisans like hakak ended when prime minister modi announced demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8.
prime minister modi (source: pti photo/file) prime minister modi (source: pti photo/file)as part of his push for digital payments, prime minister modi today asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments bharat interface for money (bhim) app for transactions.
alluding to rajiv gandhi's remark, modi said demonetisation brought back the 85 paise which were disappearing due to corruption.
blaming modi of misusing powers by implementing demonetisation, gandhi said: demonetisation had taken money out of people's pockets and the prime minister gave that amount to his industrialist friends.
pm modi announced demonetisation in his address to the nation on november 8 claiming that the aim of the exercise was to hit at the heart of black money problem in the country.
despite those problems, prime minister modi says his november 8 demonetisation decree has succeeded in uncovering tax evasion and cracking down on graft.
at a time when people are distressed due to the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes by the union government, siddaramaiah has announced a series of programmes for the development of backward classes and has also announced schemes for the agricultural sector.
prime minister narendramodi announced the scrapping of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, 2016, with an aim to weed out black money, counterfeit currency and terror funding.
by ptiwashington: demonetisation and the goods and services tax (gst) are the two major headwinds that held back india's economic growth last year, former rbi governor ram has said, asserting that the current seven per cent growth rate is not enough to meet the country's needs.
modi said opposition played all types of games in the last three months raking up issues like demonetisation and surgical strike.
fm cites higher tax mop up to dismiss economic slowdown fearsnew delhi, jan 9, 2017, (pti) 13:42 istdismissing concerns of slowdown due to demonetisation, finance minister arunjaitley today said both direct and indirect tax collections have shown robust increase during the april-december period, indicating uptick in economic activity including manufacturing.
prime minister narendramodi had announced the demonetisation of high denomination banknotes on november 8.
79 million followers and other twitterati to take part in her suggested social media movement against demonetisation, which prime minister narendramodi had announced on november 8 last year.
on november 8, prime minister modi announced demonetisation of currency notes in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
talking about demonetisation, modi said some people are still not able to sleep and are very upset because all their black money business is now accounted in banks.
with industry demanding lowering of proposed gst rates of 5%, 12%, 18% and 28% post the demonetisation, cbec chairman najib shah said the centre and the states at present collect rs 8 lakh crore from indirect taxes, minus customs duty, and the same level of revenue has to be collected in the gst regime.
chennai: the textile sector nearly hit a standstill during the first few weeks after prime minister modi announced demonetisation.
vasudevan,chennaionly a partial stepprime minister narendra modis claim (demonetisation flushed out black money, says modi, feb.
in a written reply to the rajya sabha, meghwal said: no high quality ficn has been recovered post demonetisation.
we have also noticed that people are trying to convert black money by sending many people to different branches, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said.
cautioning the party against drawing unfair parallels between the demonetisation and the surgical strike on terror launch pads along the loc, modi said that more steps would be taken to fight black money and corruption.
while announcing the demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi had asked holders of such notes to deposit or exchange them in banks till december 30.
prime minister modi had said that after demonetisation, terrorism will stop but it has not happened.
referring to the benefits of demonetisation, modi said, the money hidden by many people in their homes under their beds, in almirahs and sacks has been brought back to banks.
the decision on demonetisation is a movement to clean india, modi told lawmakers.
bal thackeray would've backed demonetisation: pm to sena mpsmumbai, nov 22, 2016 (pti) 21:45 istamid shiv sena's growing criticism of centre's demonetisation move, prime minister narendramodi today told the party mps had former party patriarch bal thackeray been alive, he would have supported the move.
have been trying to analyse reasons for long queues,it has come to notice that same people are coming again at same place, das said.
it is january 12, 2017, 66 days since prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
yet even though the cash crunch has inflicted the most pain on the poor, modi has said in his campaign speeches it would punish the venal rich.
calling demonetisation a morally and ethically correct decision, arunjaitley asked the opposition not to defend black money in the name of farmers.
jaitley said the demonetisation, coupled with the implementation of gst, will make india a single market instead of 30 different markets in the states, facilitaing free flow goods and services throughout the country.
on november 8, 2016, prime minister modi announced the withdrawal of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes to flush out high-denomination fake currency, mostly printed in pakistan.
the centres demonetisation drive did not have any impact on rabi sowing and prices of crops like paddy, soyabean and maize, niti aayog member ram has said.
union minister nirmalasitharaman said that the congress is indulging in fear-mongering on demonetisation.
in a few months, rs 1,000 notes with new features will be brought into the market, said economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das while addressing the economic editors conference.
mr. das, who played a key role in the governments demonetisation move, said the measure had achieved its objective.
(express photo by vishal srivastava)attributing demonetisation of higher denomination notes to the economic thinking of babasaheb ambedkar, uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath today said the centre displayed immense political willpower and courage in demonetising the currency notes of rs 1,000 and rs 500.
it was this deposit made three days after prime minister modi announced scrapping of 500 and 1,000-rupee banknotes that caught the attentions of tax authorities, who are closely examining all suspicious high-value transactions done after the november 8 demonetisation announcement.
citing a book, modi told bjp mps that when then finance minister y b chavan went to prime minister indira gandhi and supported the recommendations on demonetisation, she had asked if the congress did not have to fight elections.
in the coming times more steps will be taken against black money, said modi.
(photo | ani)agra: prime minister modi on sunday said political leaders behind multi-crore chit fund scams are attacking him as they have been hit hard by demonetisation, in remarks seen as a sharp attack on west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee.
after the government's decision of withdrawing rs. 500 and rs. 1,000 banknotes to curb black money, corruption and counterfeit currency, arunjaitley said that higher-denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies.
commenting on the data, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said this year growth figures are on a high base of last fiscal and numbers do not show much negative impact of demonetisation.
prime minister modi had announced the demonetisation move on november 8.
modi said the country had over the past few months witnessed an atmosphere in which people had in large numbers participated in the digidhan movement for digital payments.
in a few months, rs 1,000 notes with new features will be brought into the market, said economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das while addressing the economic editor's conference here today.
speaking after releasing two books on constitution in new delhi, prime minister modi said those who are criticizing the demonetisation move dont have problem with the governments preparedness, but they are having problems because they didnt get time to prepare for turning their black money into white.
captain amarindersingh says, nri money has come in despite demonetisation through some channels, but, i am more concerned with the ideology of the extreme left and the khalistanis who are supporting the aap.
being a delhi girl, i challenge you to fight the last two phases of the lok sabha elections on the issues of demonetisation, gst, women's security and the false promises made to people of the country, priyanka gandhi had said during the roadshow.
making an emotional appeal at a function in goa in november 2016, modi had said there were certain forces up against him that may not let him live and destroy him due to his decision on demonetisation.
prime minister modi announced about the demonetisation in his address to the nation at 8 pm on the same day after cabinet's approval.
referring to defence minister manohar parrikar's claim that demonetisation had a positive impact on the kashmir situation, omarabdullah said, instead of continuing to invest in delusions and deflections, there is a need to understand real issues so that a solution can be worked out.
many educational institutions had been under the government scanner over alleged monetary discrepancies even before prime minister modi announced the demonetisation exercise on november 8.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (file photo) west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (file photo)west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said the centre must announce a farm loan waiver across the country and claimed that the farmers were in distress due to demonetisation.
finance minister arunjaitley said eight of the 10 directors of the rbi board were present at the november 8 meeting which made an independent final recommendation with regard to demonetisation to government.
in an attempt to weed out black money, prime minister modi had announced the decision to scrap old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 last year.
during an emotional address to the people in goa, prime minister modi yesterday said that he left his family and home to serve the nation, adding he understands the pain of the people who have been waiting in long queues to exchange their currencies.
this law will enable confiscation of benami property and provide for prosecution, thus blocking a major avenue for generation and holding of black money in the form of benami property, especially in real estate, arunjaitley had said.
on november 8, 2016, prime minister modi in a televised address to the nation had announced demonetisation of the old high-value currency value notes.
december 25, 2016in this year's last radio address to the nation 'mann ki baat', modi on the occasion of christmas said 15,000 people who use digital payment modes will be given a reward of rs 1,000 each by a lucky draw.
watch video | find out what pm narendra modi told cabinet over demonetisation decisionannouncing these measures, finance minister arunjaitley said there has been a movement towards digital transactions from cash transactions since the government announced its decision to cancel the old notes.
describing demonetisation as a very important decision, modi said it worked wonders despite attempts by some quarters to derail the move.
rohatgi said there were approximately one lakh branches of various banks and two lakh atms besides the post offices across the country to dispense cash to common people and the restriction on withdrawal is there to ensure that the money be paid to maximum number of people.
last month on this date, prime minister modi announced his battle against black money on national television by demonetising, in one fell swoop, all rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
making political hay of data released by the central statistics office and taking a swipe at economists  some like harvard professor and nobel laureate amartya sen called demonetisation a despotic action that has struck at the root of economy based on trust while manmohan singh who went to oxford described it as organised loot and legalised plunder  modi told election rallies in maharajganj and deoria that ek taraf woh vidhwano ki jamaat hai jo harvard university ke naam par baat karte hain, ek aur garib ma ka beta hai jo hard work ke dwara desh ki arth-neeti badalne par laga hua hai (on the one hand, there are intellectuals who speak in the name of harvard university, and on the other, a poor mothers son is trying to change the economic policy of the country).
as far as search and seizure operations against black money hoarders is concerned, pm modi had confidently said in a public rally: we knew and now they are being caught.
speaking after releasing two books on constitution in new delhi, prime minister modi said those who are criticizing the demonetisation move don't have problem with the government's preparedness, but they are having problems because they didn't get time to prepare for turning their black money into white.
when prime minister modi announced demonetisation, he had said the new year would see new india.
agreeing to the fact that jan dhan accounts had been misused by high and mighty to convert their black money into white, akhileshyadav said even his government was against such corruption.
in a facebook post, mamatabanerjee said that her apprehension about demonetisation has proven to be correct and asked the centre to give clarification.
kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said people have been forced to accept the scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes not willingly but out of fear, taking a dig at prime minister narendra modis vehement justification of demonetisation of higher value notes in parliament on tuesday.
agra, nov 20, 2016 (pti) 18:32 istprime minister narendramodi today said political leaders behind multi-crore chit fund scams are attacking him as they have been hit hard by demonetisation, in remarks seen as sharp attack on west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee.
pointing out that a few days ago the finance minister arunjaitley had said the economic decline had nothing to do with demonetisation, rahul said the entire world is saying the demonetisation has wrecked indian economy.
in delhi, economic affairs secretary das also said that the government was keeping a close watch on deposits in jan dhan accounts as, in many cases, such accounts are being misused for deposit of black money.
the commerce ministry had entered into a consultative process with all the export promotion councils to understand the level of adaptation to the effects of demonetisation, teaotia said.
defending the decision on demonetisation, modi said the menace of fake currency could not have been checked if such a big offensive was not initiated.
we can 'clean' india: modimumbai, nov 20, 2016, dhns 1:09 istindia would be free from all forms of filth in one generations time, prime minister modi said on saturday night, sending out a strong message that there is no looking back on the mega-drive against black money and corruption.
annapurna singh, new delhi, dh news service may 2 2017, 14:20 ista day after data showed india's key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said demonetisation did not see a 2  dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended.
prime minister modi told the nda meet that the credit for demonetisation will not go to him personally, but to all parties which stood with the govt, naidu said.
collect details and prepare a comprehensive report on how demonetisation has impaired the finances of anti-national elements and groups, rajnathsingh told the intelligence agency at the inaugural 51st post-independence dgps/igps conference-2016 at the sardar vallabhbhai patel national police academy in hyderabad on friday.
watch video: people que up at banks to exchange rs 500 & rs 1000 notes: heres what they saidon whether the demonetisation of rs 500/1000 notes will help weed out black money, jaitley said this is not an isolated initiative and the decision has to be seen in the backdrop of various steps being taken including gst roll out.
pti photoaddressing party mps at the bjps parliamentary party meeting, finance minister arun jaitley said that the prime minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities.
participating in the debate, naresh agarwal (sp) said former prime minister manmohansingh , who was in the house, had earlier said that gdp growth will slowdown by 2 percentage points due to the impact of demonetisation.
while announcing rs 2 lakh compensation for the families of demonetisation victims, chief minister akhileshyadav on wednesday said the government would give rs 5 lakh to the family members of the woman who immolated herself after allegedly failing to exchange scrapped currency notes in aligarh district.
asked about the budget being hailed as a surgical strike, gandhi said, surgical strikes will happen on mr modi one after the other over the next two months on issues such as rafale, jobs and demonetisation.
new delhi: issuing a veiled warning, finance minister arunjaitley today said one cannot convert black money into white by merely depositing unaccounted cash in bank accounts as taxes are required to be paid on them.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said that one of the main reasons for the long queues outside banks was that people were lining up several times to exchange notes, frustrating the efforts of others who haven't been able to change their notes even once since the shock announcement.
prime minister modi announced the scrapping of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, 2016, with an aim to weed out black money, counterfeit currency and terror funding.
the government has also constituted a special taskforce to keep a watch on the infusion of fake currency in vulnerable areas, mr. das said, adding that a technology team has also been formed to popularise the use of e-wallets and also to ensure that atm recalibration progresses apace.
chandigarh: punjab congress president capt amarindersingh on sunday said the party will move the court over the demonetisation related deaths, even as he extended his full support to the proposed strike by the industries over the issue on december 16.
people are happy about the fact that even modi's rs 1,000 notes are not usable anymore, modi said.
earlier, modi also said his governments war against corruption and black money was not a political fight and said it was meant to empower honest people.
a key issue for me (at the g-20 summit) would be to highlight the importance of international cooperation against black money, modi said, a day before he is scheduled to leave new delhi for a nine-day-long tour to myanmar, australia and fiji, where he is likely to meet over 40 leaders from asia, africa, europe, north america, south america and pacific region  both in multilateral format as well as on the sideline of the conclaves.
prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation on november 8, a decision that sucked out 86  of the currency notes in circulation and left millions lining up at banks and atms for cash.
pitching the use of bhim app to make digital transactions, modi once again, asked the people to teach others how to use the app.
read morenew delhi: the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace, president ramnathkovind said in his address to parliament on thursday and vowed that the government will make the zero tolerance policy against corruption more comprehensive and effective.
modi said his drive against black money had caused consternation among his enemies and made them come on a common platform.
the economy was doing well and thus our decision was taken at the right time, a combative modi said, peppering his speech with stinging attacks on the congress for opposing the demonetisation move.
home minister g ram said, modi, who falsely promised he will change the 70-year-old economy in 50 days, does not have answers on how much black money is present in the country and how much is with terrorists.
in an attempt to weed out black money, prime minister narendramodi had announced the decision to scrap old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 last year.
finance minister ram claimed there was no record of the cabinet meeting of november 8 which, according to the government, had taken the demonetisation decision.
the pmos directions came after it emerged that rs 1,238 crore has been deposited in cash in such entities in november-december 2016, soon after prime minister modi announced demonetisation of high-denomination notes.
lauding modis move against black money, chief minister parkashsinghbadal said that the drive would eradicate black money from india.
to be honest, even december and january was good, but there were few sectors in which industries like hindustan unilever and others saw a decline because of demonetisation but the trend now is upwards, said modi , president, federation of telangana and andhra pradesh chambers of commerce and industry (ftapcci).
modi could easily have rolled back the demonetisation decision within the first few days of its announcement, as soon as it became evident that far from meeting its objective of curbing black money and corruption it was actually creating unprecedented problems for the innocent people, said amarinder.
in yet another attack at the narendra modi-led bhartiya janata party (bjp) government, chidambaram said, the economy has slowed down because of demonetisation.
br ambedkars grandson and former mp prakash ambedkar alleged that a major chunk of black money was deposited in the banks before november 8, the day modi announced demonetisation.
at a time when people are distressed due to the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes by the union government, ram has announced a series of programmes for the development of backward classes and has also announced schemes for the agricultural sector.
spelling out advantages of demonetisation, meghwal said that it will help lower interest rate.
modi said his government was investing the money recovered post-demonetisation on carrying out public works and funding welfare schemes.
long queues have been seen outsides banks since prime minister modi announced scrapping of banknotes of rs 500 and rs 1,000 to curb black money.
say 'yes to digital payment, no to cash': pm modi in a fresh push towards digital payments, prime minister modi on thursday told businesses to shun cash and go digital to bring transparency and root out black money.
in its efforts to fight the black money menace as well as curb corruption, prime minister modi on november 8 last year announced cancelling old rs 500 and 1,000 notes.
months before prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country, a low level government karmachari in jharkhands latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction.
prior to november 8, the day prime minister modi announced scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 banknotes, around rs 13,000 crore was fed daily into the countrys 220,000 atms.read | 50 days of demonetisation: atm queues shorter but ripples to remain in januarythough cash situation is better, queues can still be seen outside several atm kiosks, primarily due to withdrawal restrictions  rs 4,500 per day and rs 24,000 a week.
jharkhiholi had made news in november when, days after prime minister modi announced demonetisation of high-value currencies, he had conducted an extravagant wedding for his son on the lines of former bjp minister and mining baron g janardhan reddys daughters wedding the same month.
during an emotional address to the people in goa, prime minister modi said he left his family and home to serve the nation and added that he understands the pain of the people who have been waiting in long queues to exchange their currencies.
digital india has checked black money and black marketing and uprooted middlemen, modi said.
speaking on indian economy: the new normal in the aftermath of demonetisation, jaitley said for the first time such a decision came which was difficult to implement because one has to confront with many challenges.
in his november 8 speech announcing the demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi had said people could deposit their old 500 and 1,000-rupee notes in their bank accounts till march 31.
union finance minister arun jaitely told the bjp mps that the demonetisation would help india embrace digital economy.
asked whether his criticism of the centre appeared to be hypocritical, given that the telugu desam party (tdp), of which he is the president, had been part of the national democratic alliance (nda) government till march this year, naidu said, i was against the demonetisation of the high-value currency notes, and said so after the move was announced.
new delhi: union minister mukhtarabbasnaqvi today said congress was running away from a discussion on demonetisation in parliament even when the government wanted a positive debate and was open to suggestions.
gujarat leads the pack in seizures of fake rs 2,000 notes between november 9 last year, a day after prime minister modi announced demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, and march 7 this year, followed by delhi and karnataka.
hyderabad: union minister m naidu today said chartered accountants in india will have huge opportunities and challenges when the goods and services tax (gst) is implementedaddressing the icai international conference 'jnana yagna' here, the urban development minister said chartered accountants should play a vital role in addressing issues such as curbing black money.
his plans were pushed back when prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8.
a day after four militants were killed in kashmir, punjab congress chief captain amarindersingh on monday said despite the narendra modi governments claims, note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from pakistan.
modi said he is happy that note ban has exposed the 'kala dhan' (black money) as well as 'kale mann' (ill-intentions) of many.
prime minister narendramodi had announced the demonetisation move on november 8.
on november 8, prime minister modi in a surprise move announced demonetisation of 500 and 1,000 rupee notes and since then, long queues before banks and post offices are seen to deposit or exchange these currencies.
indias economic growth of 7  during october-december has sparked a debate on how output grew so fast at a time when the country was facing its biggest-ever cash crunch after prime minister narendramodi announced on november 8 the demonetisation exercise, which weeded out 86  of the currency notes in circulation.
the black money problem, arunjaitley said, is a problem confined to few individuals.
addressing a rally in ambikapur in chhattisgarh ahead of the second phase of voting on november 20, modi claimed people did not have issues with demonetisation, but only a family.
ani byraebareli: congress president rahulgandhi on saturday said that no prime minister except narendra modi took foolish decisions such as demonetisation and goods and servies tax (gst) in the past 70 years.
addressing the mediapersons on the spot, amarinder said: people of punjab were facing unprecedented financial crisis, but the state government led by chief minister parkash singh badal was completely unconcerned about their plight since they had control of various institutions and businesses to transform their own black money into white.
finance minister arunjaitley said on wednesday the philosophy behind his budget is to spend more on identified success stories and carrying on with the governments campaign against black money, hours after unveiling measures to assure the country that the impact of demonetisation would wear off soon.
gandhi said finance minister arunjaitley had recently said economic decline had nothing to do with the demonetisation.
modi said after demonetisation around 50 lakh workers started getting their pay by cheque and around one crore new provident fund accounts were opened.
union finance minister arunjaitley told the bjp mps that the demonetisation would help india embrace digital economy.
guwahati: prime minister modi today said the demonetisation drive was a tough decision to take in view of the opposition parties' constant efforts to turn people against it.
giving details of impact of demonetisation, arunjaitley said the number of income tax return filers has gone up to 6.
we can 'clean' india: modimumbai, nov 20, 2016, dhns 1:09 istindia would be free from all forms of filth in one generations time, prime minister narendramodi said on saturday night, sending out a strong message that there is no looking back on the mega-drive against black money and corruption.
(source: ani_news/twitter) p ram said that the demonetisation move would hit the gdp.
