taking on the opposition and accusing it of misguiding people over cashless transactions, modi said that while on one hand they claimed that rajiv brought about the telecom revolution, on the other they contradict themselves by saying that their countrymen dont have means for cashless transactions.
in his address, pranabmukherjee said that demonetisation has resulted in the temporary slowdown of the economy but as more and more transactions become cashless, it will improve the transparency of the economy.
however, g ram , one of the acting md of kitco, the consultants for the project, told express that the problem was caused due to the use of a new technology deck continuity, which is used in many parts in north india with good results.
the congress,during 40 years rule in gujarat,did not open a single school with science stream in the tribal areas, modi said,adding that the bjp government had started science stream higher secondary schools in these areas to enable tribal youths become doctors and engineers.
picture by sachinpatna: chief minister nitishkumar on saturday said scientific investigation techniques were necessary for the police to detect crime, but also batted for continuing with traditional investigation methods.
meanwhile, municipal commissioner dineshwaghmare said, e-governance is atop of civic bodys agendawe will certainly be going digital, but in a phased manner.
(pti)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday that youths wanted to be entrepreneurs and not job-seekers, attempting to defend his government over opposition criticism for lack of employment and seeking to woo the middle class by claiming to have ushered in ease of living.
in these days of high technological advancements, authorities should ensure a more secure and fool-proof system while conducting such recruitment examinations, says madan.
airlines at one point of time were considered elitist, now its not and there are multiple people who (travel by air)we will do nothing to discourage innovation but whatever is accepted by the regulator has to have a reason, ram said.
noting that india has missed the bus because of its conventional thinking when it came to industrial and technology revolutions, arunjaitley said indians have now become aspirational, which is putting pressure on politicians to support reforms initiatives.
