puducherry education minister p m l ram , who appeared for class x supplementary exams after a decade, said he had done well on his science paper and hoped to score more than 60 marks.
the mishap was very unfortunate and was handled very well under the able leadership of maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis, ram said today at the make in india week at bkc.
modi asked them to persevere and never give up on their ideas as he noted that many entrepreneurs were rejected before they went on to found billion dollar firms.
we count on the brics business council to work with us to achieve our common aim of strengthening mutual trade, enhancing business opportunities, building investments linkages, promoting innovation and removing bottlenecks to intra-brics commerce, modi said at a meeting of the leaders with the brics business council.
aug 15, 2015: modi said india must be number 1 in startups, coining the slogan start-up india and stand up india.
venting his ire over kejriwal's 'audacity' to call the picture scientific proof of his 'demented logic', amarindersingh said had the delhi chief minister bothered to check the data, he would have thought a hundred times before coming out with such a reckless statement.
speaking at the valedictory ceremony of the golden jubilee celebration of the university of agricultural sciences, bangalore, ram said the commission would look into how farmers could get good prices for their produce.
chief minister nitishkumar said this at the 10th anniversary celebrations of human rights protection foundation at indira gandhi science complex today.
so this is typically a negotiation  if you can say you will bring 1,000 jobs to that city, then you can have a good standing, said ram , the former ceo of zensar technologies.
it is cms political innovation, modi said, asking if the congress had run out of leaders to contest the polls against bjp where there is congress rule, all roads to development are blocked.
(pti)new delhi: prime minister modi said on wednesday that youths wanted to be entrepreneurs and not job-seekers, attempting to defend his government over opposition criticism for lack of employment and seeking to woo the middle class by claiming to have ushered in ease of living.
addressing the convention organised by the bharatiya janata party at the angadi institute of technology and management, modi said farmers who are not able to cultivate lands due to dry spells during the sowing season would also get insurance cover.
i want ijira to make presentations to ministries like women empowerment and rural development to promote women entrepreneurship, smritiirani said at the inauguration of a ijira technical seminar.
the epicentre of the quake was rudraprayag district in uttarakhand, said j l gautham , operations head at the national seismological bureau, a unit of ministry of earth sciences.
today i call upon all those professors researchers and academicians who can help us quantify empirical evidence with regard to the benefits of yoga and yogic sciences, smritiirani said adding that this would provide a boost to this area.
b'related news swedish prime minister stefanlofven to visit indiawith sweden already having 160 enterprises across india, swedish prime minister stefanlofven said at the make in india conference on saturday that his country has long-lasting relations with india, and that sweden is here for the long term.
ashok ram , gm (technical) and project director at nhai ram , said, wed filed an interim reply, but ngt wanted a detailed para-wise reply to the petition.
pali sp deepak told toi that investigators were awaiting a final ballistics report on the shooting from the state forensic science laboratory to corroborate their hunch that munisekar fired the weapon at periyapandi while the team tried to storm the gangs hideout in a shack in an abandoned brick kiln in ramavas village.
factors like viability of implementation, city vision and strategy, economic and environmental impacts of the plan, cost effectiveness, innovation and scalability and the process followed for preparing the dpr, including consultation of the citizens, will be taken into account for preparing the final list of 20 cities, union urban development minister naidu told deccan herald.
also read: parliamentary panel may question rbi governor urjit patel on stand-off with central governmentif we are to improve (growth rate), we need certain level of credit as far as entrepreneurs are concerned, (and it is necessary that) liquidity is maintained, arunjaitley said.
chandigarh: haryana health minister anilvij has said that the countrys 22nd all-india institute of medical sciences (aiims) would be constructed in manethi, rewari, at a cost of rs 1,100 crore.
on yettinaholeasked whether the state government will go ahead with the proposed yettinahole project in the wake of a recent report by the indian institute of science that not more than nine tmcft of water was available, ram said experts have told the government that more than 24 tmcft of water was available.
delivering a lecture on on nobodys word: evidence and modern science, organised by the university of ram , as part of its centenary lecture series at crawford hall, ram said, variation in forces far too small compared to normal chemical forces.
modi said they should also encourage at least one woman entrepreneur.
rs 1 lakh crore disbursed under mudra yojana: modiparadip (odisha), feb 7, 2016, pti: 15:43 istloans worth about rs 1 lakh crore have been sanctioned to small entrepreneurs under the pradhan mantri mudra yojana, prime minister narendramodi said today, emphasising that the government wants youth to be job creators and not job seekers.
dr ram said, once we get an approval from the engineering wing, the garden will be made ready in six months.
this can be a big contribution to humankind, modi said while addressing the 42nd annual convocation of the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) here.
the government policy system must also encourage such an attitude, said r ram , principal scientific adviser to the government of india.
i have travelled twice to get the admission done, said nagar , whose son has secured a seat in mechanical engineering in one of the prestigious colleges in the city.
deepak kumar (23), a resident of anisabad, said: i have filled up two examination forms, one of technical assistant in the indian railway and another for assistant in the cabinet secretariat.
the dialogue between industry and academia is far from ideal in india, modi said, while inaugurating the 102nd session of the indian science congress at mumbai university here.
s h naregal , special officer, hubballi-dharwad smart city ltd, said they intend to modernize the gallery by completely renovating it and providing amenities that are needed by artists.
it's a great pleasure to begin this year in company of leaders of science from india and the world, modi said addressing a huge gathering of about 15,000 scientists.
meanwhile, speaking at the inauguration of newly constructed buildings for the government nature cure and yoga medical college and hostel and government ayurveda hi-tech panchakarma hospital, ram said that he does not own any house in mysuru and would construct one after the completion of his tenure.
prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping looking on along the east lake, in wuhan (afp photo)the smile diplomacy can be successful, but only within certain limits, said june teufel dreyer, a university of miami political science professor and author of middle kingdom and empire of the rising sun -- a 2016 book on china-japan ties.
that helped place india at the forefront of the world in many areas, modi said in his inaugural address at the 102nd session of the indian science congress.
the nehru-gandhi family is rattled seeing that this chaiwala has completed five years with full strength, said pm modi charging the congress of relegating sardar patel to oblivion and engineering the downfall of the morarji desai government in 1970s.
their point is very important because the difference in state board and central board syllabus is huge, and to expect students to study two separate curricula for college exams and eventually for the entrance exam will be too much, said ram , joint director, directorate of technical education (dte), maharashtra.
our hr will take a call tomorrow morning whether to declare a holiday (on tuesday), said babu , a software engineer.
this is where make in india starts, modi had said recently at the rbis 80th anniversary celebrations.
speaking at the valedictory ceremony of the golden jubilee celebration of the university of agricultural sciences, bangalore, siddaramaiah said the commission would look into how farmers could get good prices for their produce.
babu said the big three software services companies - tcs, infosys, cognizant - cutting recruitment by more than half was an alarming prospect for the engineering students.
modi said his government's efforts were directed towards establishing a network of small scale industries in villages according to a make in india plan so that the youth did not have to migrate in search of a livelihood.
(file)prime minister modi today said the government is taking several steps to promote young entrepreneurs in the country, adding that startups are no longer confined to big cities.
rain-hit chennai airport resumes technical flightsnew delhi, dec 5, 2015, (pti) 13:46 isttechnical flights have started from rain-hit chennai airport where operations were suspended on wednesday following flooding but it will take a few days to resume commercial flights, union minister ram said today.
new delhi: prime minister modi on wednesday said the government is taking several steps to promote young entrepreneurs in the country, adding that startups are no longer confined to big cities.
later, at a party event at which former vice-chancellor of the university of agricultural sciences, dr r dwarkeenath, was feted, ram said he and modi were poles apart.
chief minister siddaramaiah also announced vignana-sugnana, a scheme to promote science education by introducing science courses at graduate and postgraduate levels.
nada deputed a team of officers today, the 16th july 2011, from delhi and bhopal headed by mr manpal singh and included two technical officers of nada and two lady doping control officers to conduct surprise check in sai bhopal, nada director general nagar said in a statement.
women entrepreneurs can get loans of rs 10 lakh to rs 1 crore, modi said.
stating that the museum has been planted in a best possible place of the theatre, d radhakrishnan , honorary secretary of assembly rooms, said, the museum is nothing but a gathered history of technology of old cinema.
watch| pm modi on i-day: one nation, one constitution dream has been achieved urging citizens too, to pitch in, modi said it would be a good opportunity for the shop owners to advertise with their won cloth bags: shop owners and small entrepreneurs should start gifting their customers cloth bags with their branding and inculcate the good habit in the same stroke.
we have changed the work culture, modi said adding the emphasis now is on re-engineering the processes to improve efficiency.
ludhiana: prime minister modi , who today launched a hub to provide professional support to entrepreneurs from the schedule caste, schedule tribe community in ludhiana, said the msme sector is crucial for the countrys progress.
our special correspondentpatna: deputy chief minister modi on friday announced that the labour resource, and information technology departments had been directed to assess the employment requirement in the coming 10 years so that youths could attain skills accordingly to get employment.
new delhi, dhns: 2:25 istprime minister modi on saturday said his forthcoming visits to france, germany and canada next month were primarily aimed at promoting the make-in-india initiative, seeking investment and creating job opportunities for youths.
pm vows to deliver open, accountable administrationnew delhi, dec 25, 2014, (pti) 10:55 iston 'good governance day, prime minister modi today said efforts are being made for re-engineering of government processes as part of the promise to provide an open and accountable administration.
we have selected those who can ask pertinent questions related to national and state political issues, said former deputy chief minister modi , recalling that even as a pracharak of the rss, modi used to be tech-savvy.
speaking after inaugurating the much-delayed rs 30-crore prof c n r rao underpass near the indian institute of science, ram said: some of the projects are being undertaken by the bbmp and the state government.
noting that skill development was the need of the hour, smritiirani also said the rajiv gandhi institute of information technology (rgiit) has failed to address the issues of the youth of amethi.
it is a scientific advancement, said dr j k b c radhakrishnan , president, neuro spinal surgeons' association of india and consultant at globe hospital.
the plan is yet to be approved by the state government but the money is already earmarked, said s h naregal , special officer, hubballi-dharwad smart city limited (hdscl).
degrees meaningless if youths take to terrorism: rajnathsingh singhmohanlalganj (up), feb 7, 2015 (pti): 18:29 istdecrying knowledge without values, union home minister rajnathsingh today said technical degrees held by youths become meaningless if they get involved in terror activities.
jaipur: chief minister vasundhararaje on wednesday claimed that rajasthan has over 700 startups with an investment of rs 500 crore in the recent years.
we have set a goal to create ecosystem for 50k startups in the next 5 year, says pm modi.
noting that the states fourth planetarium will come up in kalaburagi, thereby covering all four major geographical regions of the state, ram said the government has plans to set up sub-regional science centres in all districts to go with the regional science centres at dharwad, mangaluru and mysuru.
siddaramaiah said the preliminary work for phase-ii such as geo-technical investigations and land acquisitions have progressed considerably.
the state government has sanctioned rs 22 crore for this project and the planetarium will start functioning in 2019, m r ram , minister for planning, statistics, science and technology said here on thursday.
mayor anantanarayanjena said the civic body was committed to providing quality services to the citizens in the smart city.
bengaluru: congress mp shashitharoor on saturday said that what the central government has been doing to facilitate startups is not enough.
to clear the air, we have again issued a circular and placed it on our website asking colleges to admit the candidates after verifying all original certificates and taking tuition fee as directed by the high court, said b karunakar read , vice-chancellor, kaloji narayana rao university of health sciences (knruhs).
even the average package offered by companies to those from this branch is much higher, said nln read , placement officer at chaitanya bharathi institute of technology , adding that quite often students seeking a career in electronics and communication and electrical and electronics engineering end up seeking jobs in it firms.
noting that india had carried out nuclear tests on buddha purnima on may 11 in 1998, when bjp stalwart atal bihari vajpayee was prime minister, modi said youths need to imbibe vajpayee's mantra of 'jai vigyan' (hail science) to make india modern and strong.
siddaramaiah, in his 2016-17 budget, announced free laptops to sc/st students in government engineering colleges, polytechnics and government degree colleges.
said k p ram , a former professor of urban engineering at anna university while the cmda member secretary rejects any appeal over violations or planning permission, the applicant can approach the government seeking remedy.
declining to elaborate, vijaymallya said, we should respect their (overseas airlines') privacy and confidentiality.
s ram , professor of electrical and electronics engineering, anna university, said second-semester classes for first-year students began only on january 2 and saturday classes would continue depending on the requirement.
mumbai: indias top batsman viratkohli has asked people to use common sense on his much talked about relationship with actress anushka sharma, saying they indeed are seeing each other and their privacy should be respected.
read | vibrant gujarat global summit: global ceos go gaga over pm modis policiesstating that india has improved its policies, practices and economic profile in the last two years, modi said the country has improved its ranking in the world banks doing business report, and has moved up 16 ranks in the global innovation index 2016.
kerala is also the first state to have a startup policy, gandhi said.
we have considered many factors and after analysing carefully, we have taken this step, sbi chairperson arundhatibhattacharya told reporters here on the sidelines of a women entrepreneurs' national convention.
speaking to reporters at the palam technical area from where the mortal remains of the former president was flown to his hometown rameswaram by a special aircraft, naidu said some chief ministers are also expected to attend the last rites.
chief minister nitishkumar on sunday announced to set up a commission for looking into the problems of entrepreneurs and traders in the state.
i am pleased that six years after we signed our bilateral agreement, we are moving towards commercial cooperation, consistent with our law, our international legal obligations, and technical and commercial viability, modi announced after a meeting with obama, who commenced his three-day visit to new delhi on sunday.
hrd minister smritiirani said a dozen teachers - from top institutions like the university of pennsylvania, harvard university, massachusetts institute of technology, columbia university, yale university, princeton university, georgia tech university, and the university of california, berkeley - had already given their consent to take part in the scheme.
these women are the real entrepreneurs, who own 10, 20 to 25 cows, modi said.
so thats why youve named your son fidel, deepak told joshi, a lecturer at the business department of the higher college of technology .
addressing the sri lankan parliament, modi said: my vision of an ideal neighbourhood is one in which trade, investment and technology flow easily across the border, where partnerships are formed with ease of routine.
mentioning that places like raichur, hubballi-dharwad, mysuru and hassan are vying for a campus of the indian institute of technology (iit), as announced in the union budget, ram said: only one iit has been granted to the state.
smart city projects executive engineer ram said that they will be finalizing an agency for the same soon.
developed western nations have long-term economic, technological and military advantages over china and the communist party has to realise that some people will use the wests strong points to criticise socialisms failings, president xijinping said.
at the launch of mudra yojana, modi had said that his government's aim is to provide financial assistance to the unfunded small entrepreneurs who provide employment to a large number of people.
modi also asked young entrepreneurs to suggest ways for minimising government interference in start-up businesses.
ut special secretary information technology sb deepak said that the existing policy provided companies to avail space at the centre at low rents, which was not the motive of starting the edc.
addressing a gathering after inaugurating the 1,500-bed sardar vallabhbhai patel institute of medical science and research, modi said as many as seven lakh poor people have benefited from the centre's pradhan mantri ayushman bharat scheme in just 100 days.
commenting on the issue of fund availability for startups, modi said the government has created a rs 10,000 crore fund of funds.
the students who had done two years of iti after 10th standard would get admission in diploma engineering colleges and graduation colleges,modi announced.
33 pm, said jl gautham , operations head at the nsb, a unit of ministry of earth sciences.
addressing a press conference in amaravati, naidu said that he has directed union civil aviation minister p ashok gajapati raju and y satyanarayana chowdary, minister of state for science and technology and earth sciences, to resign from the union cabinet.
the work, which includes repair of water tank, toilets, upgrade of the diving platform and ticket counter, is expected to be completed within two-and-half months, informed s h naregal , special officer, hubballi-dharwad smart city ltd sources said that the facility will get an open gym, deck for meditation, childrens play area, litter bins, drinking water dispensers and rainwater harvesting pit.
on both astrology and homoeopathy, ram said, a culture based on superstitions will do worse than one based on scientific knowledge.
manas ram , director, software technology park of india, said: this incubation centre will be a boost to local entrepreneurs as it would provide a platform where the start-ups (small companies or individuals) can get amenities required to set up a company.
she (swaraj) has come back to parliament after recovering and is ready to meet them, ram told reporters at the ongoing international engineering sourcing show organised by eepc india here yesterday.
referring to two young entrepreneurs working in sikkim on an agriculture start-up, pm modi said, it is a great way of linking agriculture to the start-up india campaign.
we hope that inadvertent misdeeds of one person outside our department will not undermine the true spirit of team startup india, ram said.
siddaramaiah said the matter was also to be considered by the karnataka neeravari nigam and the technical committee of the irrigation department, which will submit a report to the board.
last updated: 11 december, 2011kolar/chikkaballapur, december 11, dhns: 23:53 iststrategy meet: in search of permanent solutions for water scarcity in districtssinking borewells would not be a permanent solutions for perennial water crisis in the districts of kolar and chikkaballapur, said dr ram , professor at the university of agriculture science, bangalore.
picture by deepak kumar patna, july 17: this independence day, chief minister ram would announce the construction of two million toilets despite public health and engineering department (phed) minister mahachandar prasad singh today developing a cold feet in the assembly on the possibility of a debate on the issue because of the states poor execution record in the last fiscal.
we grow pomegranates, banana, ginger, papaya, broad beans and more, said r ram , director, pearls engineering.
higher and technical education secretary ajaykumar said this at a news meet at suchana bhavan today, and added that jharkhand needed some 600 new colleges to improve its gross enrolment ratio (ger) of 8.
we are setting up a start-up cell as a one-stop-shop to help young entrepreneurs float start-ups and guide them in launching their ventures as they will have little knowledge of corporate affairs, ram said, flagging off the 18th edition of bangalore ite.
dr ram executive director prabhakar ram said when the children walk towards zoo circle from science centre, they can pluck bananas from the banana bunches hanged on one side of the road.
modi answered questions posed by reporters in hindi he (pm modi) actually speaks very good english, he just doesn't want to talk, trump joked when prime minister modi asked reporters to let the leaders talk in privacy.
chief minister jayalalithaa had said that it was a meteorite fall that caused the mishap at the campus of a private engineering college.
later, at a party event at which former vice-chancellor of the university of agricultural sciences, dr r dwarkeenath, was feted, siddaramaiah said he and modi were poles apart.
we have travelled from zero to mars, we have travelled from upanishad to upagrah, modi said in his address to thousands of innovators and engineers at indias biggest innovation fest named smart india hackathon.
in telangana alone, nearly 5,000-6,000 teachers fear losing their job due to the revised norm, said ram , president of the telangana affiliated engineering colleges teachers association, which is one among the key petitioners in the case.
higher and technical education secretary ajaykumar also asked for formal skill development training in miningbigger kebab mapthe great kabab factory, a restaurant chain run via franchisees by delhi-based umak hospitality, is planning an extension.
new delhi, jan 16, 2016 (pti) 13:23 istgovernment in the budget next month will announce a friendly tax regime that will encourage setting up of startups in the country, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
dr t v ram , scientist at indian institute of science, said the fears expressed 10 years ago about the chikkaballapur region turning a desert were coming true.
rs 1 lakh crore disbursed under mudra yojana: modiparadip (odisha), feb 7, 2016, pti: 15:43 istloans worth about rs 1 lakh crore have been sanctioned to small entrepreneurs under the pradhan mantri mudra yojana, prime minister modi said today, emphasising that the government wants youth to be job creators and not job seekers.
i am confident that startups in both geographies would benefit immensely from this mou, telangana it minister k t ram said in a statement.
smriti smritiirani telegraph file pictureunion minister smritiirani said on saturday she wasnt sure if she would be around to attend the indian womens science congress in 2021, to which she has been invited.
the difference is extremely glaring in perishable commodities like vegetables, babu said in his address at the 46th convocation of the university of agricultural sciences (uas) here on friday.
speaking about 'make in india' initiative, modi said the initiative has emerged as global brand.
there is no reason why chinese companies should not take advantage of indias make in india initiative, pranabmukherjee told chairman of the standing committee of the national peoples congress of china zhang dejiang on monday.
by ptinew delhi: women entrepreneurs are the major beneficiaries of the centre's mudra scheme, as they have cornered about 75 per cent of the total disbursals, textiles minister smritiirani said wednesday.
addressing a rally in kozhikode yesterday, modi asked pakistan's people to question leaders of their country as to why india exports software and pakistan exports terrorism despite getting independence together.
professor ram of political sciences department, university of madras, said that the landed-caste with bulls can no longer establish control over the sport after such social and historic movements and once centrality of ownership gets removed, social changes happen.
watch video | delhi deputy cm manish sisodia under cbi scanner: find out what happenedlt governor returned netaji subhash institute of technology bill, asking for its reconsideration, assembly speaker ram told the house today during the ongoing winter session.
(file) commenting on the issue of fund availability for startups, modi said the government has created a rs 10,000 crore fund.
asserting that india has distinguished itself in the global start-up eco-system, pm modi said, startups are no longer only in big cities.
dr d ram , chairman of eye foundation and an alumnus of all india institute of medical science (aiims) says this was not the case 30 years ago.
principal secretary information technology vk gautham told toi that a three-pronged strategy has been adapted by the government to address the shortcomings in this age group.
its advertisement also amounts to violation of cotpa under section 5, said deepak , executive director, seeds, the technical support partner of the jharkhand health department in implementation of the national tobacco control programme in five districts of the state.
but, nonetheless, i accept her invitation with grace and gratitude, smritiirani told the inaugural session of the womens science congress in jalandhar, revealing that the president-elect for 2020-21 had invited her.
in rural areas, we register children in anganwadis but in urban areas, many of them don't come to anganwadis, state information technology chief v k gautham said.
siddaramaiah said the country has been lagging behind in higher education and universities must concentrate on providing quality education while laying emphasis on basic science.
as a result, we have agreed on an innovation partnership and a joint action plan, said pm modi.
speaking after offering floral tribute to the portrait of kalam, district-in-charge minister ram said kalam was a great visionary who had contributed to the development of science and technology in the country.
delivering the valedictory address at the end of the three-day pravasi bharatiya divas-2017, pranabmukherjee said the diaspora can collaborate in the areas of science and technology and biotechnology with institutions and entrepreneurs in india.
modi said the people of kerala are educated, experienced and simple, but they dont understand the perfect scientific arrangement of the congress and cpm to loot the people.
modi asks india to 'start up, stand up'new delhi, aug 16, 2015, dhns 2:31 istprime minister modi on saturday devoted his second independence day speech to counter the pro-corporate charges levelled against his government by highlighting the measures taken for the welfare of the poor while exhorting entrepreneurs to start up and stand up.
immigration of doctors hurts the country,chairperson of the national advisory council (nac) gandhi told graduating doctors during the 39 th convocation ceremony of the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) on wednesday.
pm vows to deliver open, accountable administrationnew delhi, dec 25, 2014, (pti) 10:55 iston 'good governance day, prime minister narendramodi today said efforts are being made for re-engineering of government processes as part of the promise to provide an open and accountable administration.
the event was organised to ensure that students become aware citizens once they step outside the campus, said professor shukla , head of the department, political science, rd national college.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has told me that bengal will join the all-india single entrance test for engineering from 2014, sibal said at a news conference in the city.
modi said he and lofven would also interact with top business leaders of both countries and chart out a future roadmap of cooperation in sectors such as trade and investment, science and technology, clean energy and smart cities.
l ram , technical director for the event, said the national anti doping agency (nada) would oversee the arrangements for dope testing.
meanwhile, kt ram announced an initiative which will help the startups.
speaking after inaugurating the much-delayed rs 30-crore prof c n r rao underpass near the indian institute of science, siddaramaiah said: some of the projects are being undertaken by the bbmp and the state government.
that the so-called 'gumnami baba', who reportedly died in 1985 leaving his teeth among his trunk load of personal belongings, was not netaji was established in a scientific dna test, chandrabose said.
this is in contrast to joining a large organisation where there would be lesser ownership, and therefore, lesser learning, belong's chief technology officer (cto) vinodh kumarravi said.
it is cms political innovation, modi said, asking if the congress had run out of leaders to contest the polls against bjp.
digital video discdeputy director for information and public relations a r park , also working president of dasara film festival sub-committee, told deccan herald, a technical error was noticed in the digital video disc (dvd) of the film received here.
principal vijaymallya said there was plenty to be optimistic about after the mercedes-powered team, who also have a technical partnership with mclaren, finished seventh overall last year.
mandya medical college found lacking in infrabasavaraj havaldar mandya, april 03, 2016, dhns 23:27 istmci warns cancellation of recognition; sets one-month deadlineeven as chief minister ram has announced to increase the number of seats in mandya institute of medical sciences (mims) from 100 to 150 in the budget, the medical council of india (mci) has put it on hold, citing lack of facilities in the hospital.
watch video: whats making newswe discussed a lot of topics like investment, technology, culture and social media, mamatabanerjee said after the meeting.
i also intend to set up five more iits (indian institutes of technology) in jammu, chhattisgarh, goa, andhra pradesh and kerala, arunjaitley said while presenting the budget for 2014-15.
addressing a gathering after inaugurating the 1500 bed sardar vallabhbhai patel institute of medical science and research, modi said the economic reservation has been given without impacting the existing social reservations.
igims should be competing with the all india institute of medical sciences while the other medical colleges have to be made at par with igims, nitishkumar said.
vk gautham , principal secretary of the states information technology department, said they have 50 teams deployed on the ground to sort out issues at the hotspots.
new delhi: terming the company formed to create it backbone for rollout of gst as anti-national, bjp mp ram today said the goods and services tax (gst) bill can be passed by parliament only if gstn gets security clearancethe goods and services tax network (gstn) is the special purpose vehicle that was formed under the previous upa regime to set up the information technology backbone for rolling out the indirect tax regime that will replace myriad local levies.
prof t g ram , chairman, centre for infrastructure, sustainable transportation and urban planning at indian institute of science, bengaluru, said: isolated flyovers are a problem everywhere.
it will be decided at the earliest, said dr d ram , registrar, rajiv gandhi university of health sciences (rguhs).
in response, bbmp executive engineer park said the shopkeepers would be accommodated in the high-tech palike bazaar being built near indraprastha hotel.
highlighting how modern warfare had become technology-driven and india could not have a fragmented approach on defence, modi said, today we have decided that we will now have a chief of defence staff, cds, and after formation of this post, all the three forces will get effective leadership at the top level.
a university is also being set up for developing and honing the skills of youths through about 800 technical courses, manoharlalkhattar said.
having worked with him firsthand, i know he will be a fine leader for the ipl and will bring unmatched innovation, passion, and vision to the role,said shukla.
addressing more than 10,000 engineering students in 26 districts through video conferencing, modi said: india is a youthful nation, and the youth of india is blessed with phenomenal energy.
for any preferential ties with india after leaving the european union, britain should understand that what india can best offer is its people and their skills, its students, its it and software professionals and so on and i am not saying indians should migrate here, shashitharoor said.
(file photo)defence minister manoharparrikar today said it was not his concern that some companies like boeing and lockheed martin could find themselves torn between the slogans of america first of us president donald trump and make in india of prime minister narendra modi.
union textile minister smritiirani said her ministry had so far facilitated employment to over 20,000 jharkhand youths in the textile sector, and added that the foundation stone of national institute of fashion technology would be laid in the state within a month.
as a master systems integrator, we will provide leading edge technology solutions including high-end analytics, mobile surveillance and high-tech tools like drone, said s n ram , deputy managing director and president, larsen & toubro.
chinas military needs to promote technological innovation as the key to its upgrading and modernisation, president xijinping told military delegates to the annual meeting of parliament.
chief minister siddaramaiah said the state government will finalise its stand to be taken before the tribunal after holding one more round of discussion with its legal and technical teams.
mandya medical college found lacking in infrabasavaraj havaldar mandya, april 03, 2016, dhns 23:27 istmci warns cancellation of recognition; sets one-month deadlineeven as chief minister siddaramaiah has announced to increase the number of seats in mandya institute of medical sciences (mims) from 100 to 150 in the budget, the medical council of india (mci) has put it on hold, citing lack of facilities in the hospital.
when asked about his response on the indian institute of science, which had recently given a report that not more than 9 tmcft of water would be availed as against 24 tmcft of water from the yettinahole project, siddaramaiah said, the project was taken up as experts had given the opinion that more than 24 tmc of water can be lift if the project materialises.
delivering the presidential address at the 103rd indian science congress in mysuru on sunday, modi said that attempts should be made to integrate traditional techniques with the attempts to increase farm yield.
mentioning that places like raichur, hubballi-dharwad, mysuru and hassan are vying for a campus of the indian institute of technology (iit), as announced in the union budget, siddaramaiah said: only one iit has been granted to the state.
she (swaraj) has come back to parliament after recovering and is ready to meet them, ram told reporters at the ongoing international engineering sourcing show organised by eepc india on thursday.
modi said that a technical report covering various aspects,including tsunami and earthquake impact on the dam,road and rail traffic,generation of solar and wind energy,has been submitted to the expert appraisal committee,constituted by the ministry of environment and forests in 2010.
deputy commissioner-cum-secretary (information technology) dr s b deepak said, this is the third service that we have launched this month.
siddaramaiah said he had a meeting with japan's minister for education, culture, sports, science and technology, hakubun shimomura, on the sidelines of the world economic forum meeting at dalian in china.
coimbatore, jan 27 () since standardisation has been notified, india can become one of the most competitive economies in the field of technical textiles, union minister smritiirani said sunday.
modi said nuclear physicist homi bhabhas demise had created a vacuum in the world of indian science.
cycle tracks would also be identified for this system, and making some congested roads near the market as nmt zones would also help a lot, says hubballi-dharwad smart city limited (hdscl) special officer s h naregal.
these videos will be live on our facebook page and can be viewed on youtube as well, said deepak , an ma political science student at kirori mal college, who has been volunteering at ducr for three years.
factors like viability of implementation, city vision and strategy, economic and environmental impacts of the plan, cost effectiveness, innovation and scalability and the process followed for preparing the dpr, including consultation of the citizens, will be taken into account for preparing the final list of 20 cities, union urban development minister m.venkaiahnaidu told deccan herald.
the machine is being repaired and cannot be used for the next 10 days, said dr deepak , the director of ram manohar lohia institute of medical sciences in lucknow.
b'bowing to pressure from within bjp against the us-based playboy clubs move to open its facility in the coastal state,goa chief minister manoharparrikar today said the application would not be considered by his government on technical grounds.
eliminating malaria and tuberculosis (tb) were high on the radar of the government, said dr harshvardhan , union minister for health and family welfare, science and technology and earth sciences.
85 percent, which is nearly four percent more than the national average of 10 percent, the state information technology minister kt ram said here on thursday while releasing it performance report.
new york, may 3 (pti): apple ceo timcook has said the us tech giant is bolstering its presence in india's underpenetrated market amid the improving 4g network infrastructure.
meanwhile, speaking at the inauguration of newly constructed buildings for the government nature cure and yoga medical college and hostel and government ayurveda hi-tech panchakarma hospital, siddaramaiah said that he does not own any house in mysuru and would construct one after the completion of his tenure.
vk gautham , principal secretary of states information technology department, said the concern is a valid one.
apple chief executive timcook has also long said the company wants to control its own technological fate, what analysts have called the cook doctrine.
we walk less now and the same technology tells us that we are not walking enough, modi said at the event.
tata institute of social sciences (tiss) director s ram has asked his students not to get involved in the kind of student politics being played on the delhi university (du) and jawaharlal nehru university (jnu) campuses.
addressing the india-japan business leaders forum here with japanese prime minister shinzo abe, who arrived here on friday on a three-day official visit, modi said india is a land of possibilities with excellent human resources and a technological base.
dr ram , director, pgimer, said, the iac has approved 250 faculty, 350 senior residents and 300 technical posts.
we have an experienced technical team that has the ingenuity, flexibility and drive to adapt to the new wave of rule changes, and we also have the tools and resources in our partnerships with mclaren applied technologies and mercedes-benz high performance engines to aim even higher, vijaymallya said.
v ram , vice president of ici and vice president (technical), ultratech technical services, said the main criteria for selecting the projects were that the structures should be completed, in use, and have outstanding features of design in construction aspect and usage of concrete as a material.
v k gautham , principal secretary (information technology), maharashtra government, said, we are paying the mtnl for their bandwidth.
but, removal of mangroves would lead to the ocean taking over land surface, said professor tv ram , head, energy and wetland research group, indian institute of science, bengaluru.
the event will feature more than 800 participants and around 50 renowned speakers who will be interacting with the aspiring entrepreneurs, said tie president jain who is also the founder and ceo of net solutions.
ut special secretary information technology sb deepakkumar said that the existing policy provided companies to avail space at the centre at low rents, which was not the motive of starting the edc.
the government will hold a meeting with its legal and technical teams before attending the meeting, ram said.
some of it is regulated, some of it is technology, some of it is design, and some of it is market, nilekani said.
as the chief guest at the andhra university science college annual day celebrations here, naidu asked the students to respond whether his decision was right.
highlighting the need to increase tax base and adopt new technology, prime minister modi on tuesday asked young tax officials to be people-centric.
my meeting with pm david cameron focused on defence cooperation, make in india and other key issues, modi said in a tweet before he left for saudi arabia after two days of engagement with world leaders during the nss here.
asia's richest man for industrial parks in indianew delhi: june 11, 2015, dhns 0:10 istkeen to ensure that his make-in-india campaign delivers, prime minister modi has asked wang jianlin  the richest man of asia  to expeditiously implement his dalian wanda groups mega-investment plans in india and launch the first project by 2017.
it is a referendum on our performance so far, the state information technology minister k t ram said.
the uidai has also sought technical details on how access was gained for the national social assistance programme (nsap) site -- one of the four portals where the alleged leak happened.
addressing a press conference in amaravati, babu said that he has directed union civil aviation minister p ashok gajapati raju and y satyanarayana chowdary, minister of state for science and technology and earth sciences, to resign from the union cabinet.
we are happy to provide whatever encouragement is needed, said ram , joint director, directorate of technical education (dte).
also read: exclusive| we are deciding direction india takes: pm modicommenting on the recent un listing of jems masood azhar as a global terrorist after china withdrew its technical hold on such a listing, modi said everyone was wrongly describing this as a china-related issue when, in reality, it is about global terror.
speaking on the sidelines of the second day of the 73rd annual indian academy of sciences (iasc) annual meeting,professor ram said that taking part in the surveys helps indian universities get access to public funds.
recently, the government had increased fdi in the sector to 49 per cent and last week prime minister modi had said that mncs could go in for majority ownership, provided they transfer the technology.
sources said mamatabanerjee , during her recent visit to cooch behar, had asked the officials to encourage local entrepreneurs to make investments on the site.
banks should give priority to the poor, who promptly repay loans, and loans given to rich entrepreneurs many a time have been declared non-performing assets, ram said.
maneka gandhi said the 'beti bachao, beti padhao' campaign was the fourth major initiative of the modi government after jandhan yojna, swachh bharat abhiyan and make in india campaign.
modi, who flew to kazakhstan's capital from uzbekistan earlier in the day, said the confluence of indian and islamic civilisations took place in central asia and enriched each other not only in spiritual thought but also in medicine, science, mathematics and astronomy.
modi said around four lakh bihari students were studying in engineering colleges in other states resulting in a loss of about rs 4000 crore to bihar every year.
(source: file photo)the centre is eager to accord tribal status to the 11 gorkha communities, but some technical problems are holding it back for now, union tribal affairs minister ram said in kalimpong on sunday.
still a science studentchief minister ram , who went down memory lane, recalling his days as a science student at yuvarajas college, a constituent college of the university of ram , four decades ago, said, even today, i feel as a student of science.
while gandhi said proof of orders given to hal was needed, the defence minister on sunday released details of contracts signed and those where requests for proposal have been issued and contracts are at technical evaluation stage.
share this article related article government opposes jairam's plea against aadhaar bill as money billgovernment opposes jairam's plea against aadhaar bill as money bill the lpg puzzlethe lpg puzzle aadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie pointsaadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie points hope to pass gst, bankruptcy bill this session: arun jaitleyhope to pass gst, bankruptcy bill this session: arunjaitley aadhaar bill introduced in lok sabhaaadhaar bill introduced in lok sabha aadhaar gets statutory status; centre to bring bill in two dayswhile wrapping up the debate, arunjaitley said that except for some questions with regard to privacy and disclosure of information which have been raised, most speakers have actually supported the bill.
prime minister modi and chinese president xi jinping looking on along the east lake, in wuhan (afp photo)the smile diplomacy can be successful, but only within certain limits, said june teufel dreyer, a university of miami political science professor and author of middle kingdom and empire of the rising sun -- a 2016 book on china-japan ties.
n r ram , former corporator of yediyur, said errors have crept in due to technical glitches.
the people of pakistan should ask their leaders that india and pakistan got freedom in the same year, but india exports software and your (pakistan) leaders are exporting terrorists, said prime minister modi , while addressing a public rally in kozhikode.
by ptinew delhi: niti aayog vice chairman rajivkumar today said imposition of tax on agriculture income has always been considered by 'successive governments', even as he cautioned that any such move should be taken once the sector is productive and attached to modern scientific methods.
deputy commissioner-cum-secretary (information technology) dr s b deepakkumar said, this is the third service that we have launched this month.
stating that the suggestion was wrong in its entirety, arunjaitley said, to ensure probity in spending, the contact for construction of stadium , through a bidding process, was awarded to a public sector organisation (engineering projects india ltd).
the five is are inclusiveness, indigenisation, innovation, investment in infrastructure and international cooperationindian navy cover for oil tankerson iran, modi told trump india has deployed its navy to protect indian flagged vessels passing through the gulf and the strait of hormuz.
the surface water of krishna river will anyway be polluted and along with it the ground water as well, said said k babu , a retired senior scientist from the indian institute of chemical technology.
sivarajah ram , ceo of native angels network, which has given rs 65 lakh to the startup, said vilfresh has growth potential, as people were increasingly going for natural and organic products today.
the increase in engineering colleges and the number of seats should have been in proportion to the industry demand, said babu.
we are almost 5,000 students who have completed the two-year anaesthesia technology course, said m ram , vice-president of the anaesthesia technicians association.
chief minister ram said the state government will finalise its stand to be taken before the tribunal after holding one more round of discussion with its legal and technical teams.
rain-hit chennai airport resumes technical flightsnew delhi, dec 5, 2015, (pti) 13:46 isttechnical flights have started from rain-hit chennai airport where operations were suspended on wednesday following flooding but it will take a few days to resume commercial flights, union minister maheshsharma said today.
now, there is a solution for it, says shukla , ceo and co- founder, smarterhomes technologies.
meanwhile, v k gautham , principal secretary (information technology), told the indian express that zero incidents on mantralayas network had been reported following the virus scare of wannacry.
it is not acceptable that one would ransack the hospital and beat up doctors if there was an allegation that a patient has died due to medical negligence, said pranabmukherjee , speaking at the inauguration of indian institute of liver and digestive sciences (iilds), the first full-fledged healthcare institute dedicated to liver diseases in eastern india, set up by the west bengal liver foundation in sonarpur in the southern suburbs of kolkata.
telangana information technology minister k t ram , who visited srinivass parents here on saturday said the government has received information from mea that srinivas body would arrive here on february 27 at 8.
still a science studentchief minister siddaramaiah , who went down memory lane, recalling his days as a science student at yuvarajas college, a constituent college of the university of mysore, four decades ago, said, even today, i feel as a student of science.
picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: deputy chief minister modi on saturday announced that a bamboo policy will be made for the state and the government will send farmers, artisans and entrepreneurs to north-eastern states for training in bamboo cultivation as well as industries.
he (pm modi) actually speaks very good english, he just doesn't want to talk, trump joked when prime minister modi asked reporters to let the leaders talk in privacy.
shuchismita chakrabortypatna: chief minister nitishkumar on monday said the indira gandhi institute of medical sciences (igims) requires nothing less than 2,500 beds to meet the increasing patient load on the hospital.
an average american software-engineer in the us, gets anything between $1,40,000 to $1,70,000 depending on which school has the graduate passed out from, said gogia , ceo and chief analyst of greyhound research.
pawan jain told toi that it's a dispute between right to information and right to privacy.
i think it is high time that counseling is taken seriously both by institute and by students to help their peers, n ram , a mechanical engineering student said.
higher and technical education secretary ajaykumar also asked for formal skill development training in miningbigger kebab mapthe great kabab factory, a restaurant chain run via franchisees by delhi-based umak hospitality, is planning an extension.
as the chief guest at the andhra university science college annual day celebrations here, babu asked the students to respond whether his decision was right.
senior officials of water resources ministry in delhi said there is no scientific evidence to prove that floods occurred in bihar due to the farakka dam, senior bjp leader modi said in a statement.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) october 17, 2016he said he spoke to union health minister j.p. nadda and asked him to facilitate transfer of all the injured to all india institute of medical sciences in bhubaneswar.
advertisingit started when modi asked reporters to let the leaders talk in privacy and added that if anything important is there, they will be informed.
colombo: indias commerce minister ram said here on tuesday, that india has not given any time frame for negotiating an economic and technical cooperation agreement (etca) with sri lanka, although the sri lankan government would like it to be signed by december this year.
in her speech, smritiirani also said that the ugc is considering including net exam for yogic sciences to address the issue of finding teachers for this subject.
talking about the importance of ipr as a whole, ram says that any innovation in any field needs to be patented.
thiruvananthapuram: the procedures are on to set up the headquarters of the apj abdul kalam technological university on a piece of land at vilappilsala in thiruvananthapuram district , education minister c babu told the assembly on monday.
by ianspanaji: goa chief minister ram , who holds a degree in alternative medicine, on saturday said he would never have become chief minister had he obtained an mbbs or engineering degree.
