prime minister modi said indian companies have made investments in russian oil and gas sector and russian firms have investments in energy, defence and technology transfer to india.
pm modi also asked students to embrace the challenge of accepting newer technologies and said that they must not lose morale after facing setbacks while innovating new things.
new delhi, dec 12, 2015 (pti) 12:46 istprime minister narendramodi today said the 'make in india' initiative has become a movement in japan and the island nation has created a fund of about usd 12 billion for it.
uidai chairman nandan nilekani said the government is using state-of-the-art technology to ensure aadhaar provides the best service for the people.
modi, speaking in english and handling technical terminology with ease, said the nation could be proud of the space programme where we have pushed beyond mediocrity to excellence.
the idea is that india and japan along with other willing partners work jointly in sectors like skill development, information technology, manufacturing, health and connectivity, modi said.
17 (pti): prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday his government is making efforts to create systems that are innovation-friendly to build an innovation-driven new india.
technology has helped book railway tickets and pay bills online, bringing great convenience, modi said.
pm modi inaugurates 103rd indian science congress in mysurumysuru, jan 3, 2016, (ians/agencies): 12:01 istprime minister modi on sunday said good governance is not limited to policy and decision-making, it is also about integrating science and technology in choices we make and strategies we pursue.
new test skipper viratkohli has often said he is keen on using technology, while coach anil kumble, the head of iccs cricket committee, had visited the mit that has been studying methods to make drs better.
speaking to reporters, siddaramaiah said as many as 4,500 services will be brought under m-governance, a major step in the field of information and technology.
the success in agriculture needs to be extended to eastern india and scientific and technological interventions are required to make this a reality, said modi.
modi said there is a need to move forward, taking advantage of the strength of human resources and technological base.
under the make in india programme,the country is building military hardware, and regulations have been changed to encourage the private sector to manufacture weapons systems, modi said.
party leaders should try for instant sharing of information with people by using technology, modi said at the three-hour meeting, the first such gathering at the new party office, ministers gave presentations on the development projects including the focus on 115 least developed districts of the country.
the ultimate goal is to prevent corruption by use of technology and minimizing the discretion process, chief minister manoharlalkhattar told senior officers at a meeting, the first of its kind on eradicating corruption, here this week.
new delhi: commerce and industry minister nirmalasitharaman said the union budget for 2017-18 provides renewed impetus to the governments make in india initiative, manufacturing, and export infrastructure.
going forward, markzuckerberg said the company has deployed new artificial intelligence tools to better identify fake accounts that may be trying to interfere in elections or spread misinformation.
our clean ganga, renewable energy, digital india, smart cities, housing for all and skill india missions are preparing us for a cleaner, more prosperous, faster growing and new india, modi told the audience comprising delegates from 80 african countries.
patna: india and china can benefit and learn more from exchange in the fields of education, tourism, industry, agriculture and infrastructure technology, chief minister nitishkumar on thursday said while welcoming a 12-member chinese delegation led by communist party of china secretary of gansu province lu hao.
the commissioning of the facility also symbolises the countrys capability in establishing such world class facilities wherein technology from outside is restricted or not available,'' kirankumar said.
11:10 am ist hope chandrayaan mission will inspire youth: pm modi discussing indias feat in space venture, exhbited recently through chandrayaan-2 mission, pm modi said, i fervently hope that chandrayaan-2 mission will inspire our youth towards science & innovation.
on the tax administration front, ram said the e-governance initiative for collecting taxes would be strengthened.
modi said the digital technology was introducing transparency and eliminating corruption through innovations such as the government e-marketor gem.
modi said india wanted to build cooperation in new areas with bangladesh especially in some high-technology sectors which would include working in the fields of electronics, it, cyber security, space explorations and civil nuclear energy.
further explaining his stand against demonetisation, the former union minister said, 80 per cent transactions in germany and austria is cash-based, in australia it is 60 per cent, canada 56 per cent and us 46 per cent, and prime minister narendramodi says india will go 100 per cent cashless.
modi said good governance was not just about policy and decision making, transparency and accountability but also about integrating science and technology into the choices to be made and the strategies to be pursued.
noting that they reviewed the full range of bilateral relationship, modi said the two sides will encourage industry and business in both countries to take lead in exploiting opportunities in healthcare, tourism, information technology, agriculture, blue economy and energy.
there are 30-plus universities participating which cover areas like engineering, management and specialised subjects, said ram , a scientist by profession and the organiser of the event.
chief minister ram also announced vignana-sugnana, a scheme to promote science education by introducing science courses at graduate and postgraduate levels.
singh also referred to the government's plan to implement national e-governance scheme and providing aadhar numbers.
during the 7-minute interaction, modi asked her to explain how she helped people and how they are benefited under the digital india initiative.
by ptiwashington: digital technologies offer a hope in the fight against corruption which is a problem in every single country of the world, world bank president jimyongkim has said.
to accelerate that change, we need science, barackobama said.
uidai deputy director general (bangalore regional office) ashok dalwai told deccan herald that the software - which is more accurate and contains more security features - would be simultaneously released in all 18 states where uidai is operating.
i urge those involved with the start up sector to innovate on aspects where technology can help the judiciary, pm modi said while speaking at the 150th year celebrations of the allahabad high court.
17 (pti): prime minister modi said on wednesday his government is making efforts to create systems that are innovation-friendly to build an innovation-driven new india.
srikakulam: to avoid misuse of government schemes i use technology where every beneficiary would automatically be enrolled online, said chief minister chandrababu naidu.
(source: pti)indias test captain viratkohli on thursday said the team has had discussions on the contentious decision review system (drs) and looks forward to the technologys introduction in the future.
modi said technology from mobile to missiles can be controlled from space and added that protecting the space was very important which the nda government at the centre had done during its tenure.
reviewing the shipping ministrys performance, modi said the sagarmala project should lead to port-led development and become a major link for his make in india vision, which envisages a jump in indias global trade.
in a way it is no secret at all the reality is that technology was used extensively in my conversation with bear grylls, pm modi said.
at uidai, we are very strict on privacy issues.
new delhi: microsoft ceo satyanadella on wednesday announced the integration of skype and aadhaar to launch the skype lite for low speed mobile internet connections, which will be supported by aadhaar and will enable technology that can empower people and organisations.
external affairs ministry spokesperson vikasswarup said given the will, there is no reason why the technical design parameters on which pakistan has raised objections cannot be sorted out by experts from both sides on projects like kishenganga.
july 27 (agencies): apple ceo timcook has said the tech giant was looking forward to setting up retail stores in india to tap the booming smartphone market of the country.
modi said scientific research would be made easier and science administration will be improved in the country.
modi said that the two sides will encourage industry and businesses in both countries to take lead in exploiting opportunities in healthcare, tourism, information technology, agriculture, blue economy and energy.
for such innovations, crowdfunding ensures a win-win for everyone - it cuts go-to- market costs for the innovator, and the consumers get directly from the manufacturer at affordable prices, fueladream.com cmo ram said.
london: chief minister manoharlalkhattar said in london he wants to transform haryana into a silicon valley, which attracts expats and tech companies from overseas.
gt thampi , principal of thadomal shahani engineering college, mumbai, said the new approval process is more pragmatic and realistic unlike the previous rules.
gandhi said the education system needs a reform where phd research should be linked to industry and innovation.
from solar infra to social infra, from technical infra to space infra and from digital infra to defence infra, the india-france alliance is moving forward strongly, modi said.
modi said that is the reason why this smart city concept was evolved through public participation and stressed that if people are empowered and involved in participatory development the country would develop faster.
stressing the need of scientific investigation to get the offenders prosecuted, nitishkumar said the government was ready to sanction funds to strengthen the state forensic science laboratory and purchase equipment for the police force.
doing scientific research to be made easier: pmmysuru, jan 3, 2016 (pti) 16:10 istdoing scientific research would be made easier and science administration, too, will be improved in the country, prime minister narendramodi told scientists while stressing that their work should be focused on the 'five-es' of economy, environment, energy, empathy and equity.
fencing would be done wherever it's possible and in case it's not, technology would be brought into application, rajnathsingh said while attending the passing-out parade of the border security force in tekanpur, gwalior, in madhya pradesh.
find solutions to climate change,energy crisis: pm to studentsvaranasi, feb 22, 2016 (pti) 16:46 istciting global problems of climate change, energy crisis and deadly diseases, prime minister narendramodi today asked the indian students to take up the challenge of finding solutions to these through innovation and research instead of merely doing cut-paste work.
new delhi, july 26, 2015, (ians) 17:41 istshocked over one fatality every four minutes in road accidents in india, prime minister modi on sunday said his government will soon implement a road safety policy and cashless treatment for accident victims.
calling on party workers to use technology to spread their message, pm modi said that in current age of social media if they are not active, then they would cede the space to anti-national and anti-social elements.
vijayawada: chief minister n chandrababu ram said on sunday that drone technology will be used in tourism, agriculture, mines, forests, irrigation projects, maintenance of law and order and municipal administration for real-time governance.
the decision to become a smart city will be taken by the citizens themselves, by the municipalities, modi said launching the three missions on smart cities, the atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation and housing for all.
prince ram , director (information technology), said, it is a turning point for the city beautiful which has embarked upon its journey to become a smart city.
the sister city link that began in 2012 will go a long way in strengthening collaboration between the two cities, one of which has a rich knowledge and technology-based economy, while another has a golden treasure of ancient art, culture, heritage and unique architecture, said mayor anantanarayanjena , defining bhubaneswar's transformation as a smart city in the recent past.
months before prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country, a low level government karmachari in jharkhands latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction.
with a creative spirit and a drive for innovation, he pioneered new technologies that have rightfully received worldwide acclaim, u.s. president barackobama said.
as we want the new 2 petaflops machine to be a make in india initiative, we have approached the centre for development of advanced computing (c-dac) for assistance, said dr k park , director, vikram sarabhai space centre (vssc), thumba.
under the new schemes relating to e-governance for 2017-18, every district will be brought under the scope of service of process by establishing 'karnataka one' centres in more than 18 district centres, siddaramaiah said.
modi said he wanted to make the point while speaking to fellow legislators even as he reiterated the need to focus on technology to reach out to the public as he asked mps to develop at least 3 lakh followers in their constituency.
kanpur: lucknow: announcing a bonanza to reward cashless transactions, prime minister modi said that all those using e-payments since november 8, especially the small spenders, will be offered an incentive of rs 1000.
he has been trying to get children inspired to conduct scientific experiments using waste; towards this end he has been encouraging children by showing them films made in 18 languages in 3,000 schools across the country, modi said.
no load-sheddingchief minister siddaramaiah said that there was no need for load-shedding in the state as the technical snag at the bellary and udupi power plants had been rectified.
with opposition parties questioning the government over benefits of the demonetisation process, arunjaitley said that tax authorities are conducting big data mining to zero in on those with income disproportionate to cash they deposited during the 50-day process.
prime minister narendramodi announced several indian initiatives in the area of nuclear security and non-proliferation, including countering nuclear smuggling and use of technology to prevent nuclear terrorism.
by aninew delhi: prime minister narendra modi led bjp government at the centre made agustawestland a part of 'make in india' by removing the firm from the list of blacklisted helicopter design and manufacturing companies, said congress spokesperson randeepsinghsurjewala on sunday.
partner with india, modi urges foreign defence firmsbengaluru, feb 18, 2015 (ians): 19:28 istfrom being just sellers of defence equipment, foreign firms must evolve into strategic partners as india wants their technology, skills, systems integration and manufacturing strength, prime minister narendramodi said here wednesday.
visit to someshwara temple at ulsoorrequesting her to review the visa policy, siddaramaiah said that fast growing and high value tech sectors relied on effective immigration policy that attracted high-skilled workers and minimised barriers to the flow of talented people.
appreciating the fintech festival as a celebration of belief, modi said, there is explosion of fintech innovation and enterprise in india and it can be used to make world a better place.
stressing the importance of information technology and communication in changing times, prime minister modi said on sunday that courts could use video conferencing to communicate with government officials instead of summoning them to appear in court, saving time and money.
the faster we bring in technology, the better it will be for productivity because the number of people is increasing but the land is shrinking, modi said.
the campaign 'gram uday se bharat uday abhiyan' (village self governance campaign) has been inspired by amdedkar, who was farsighted and a votary of social harmony and modern technology, modi said.
congress mp shashitharoor said the state government and other agencies could use the expertise of organizations like credai for such initiatives, adding that there was a need to explore sustainable building ideas, innovations and new technology.
once i have the technical support, i will start widening my contact base in the virtual world so that i can interact with people on different issues and exchange ideas, modi said.
new technology to make tax payments easier: pranablast updated: 15 july, 2011new delhi, july 15 (ians) 19:24 istthe income tax department is upgrading its technology and introducing new ones with focus on electronic filing aimed at making tax payments easier, finance minister pranabmukherjee said friday.
modi also said that in india, the government is using technology for accountability and transparency.
describing sarabhai as a dedicated soldier of science, modi said that he encouraged science as well as indias culture and sanskrit language.
also read | decoding mission shakti: a peek into the technology that made india a space powerprime minister modi had on wednesday announced that india successfully test-fired an anti-satellite missile by shooting down a live satellite, describing it as a rare achievement that puts the country in an exclusive club of space super powers.
new delhi: while maintaining that technology has a major role to bring in transparency to curb corruption, the prime minister modi said that if we use technology for the purpose of governance, we would be able to provide basic necessities to common man efficiently.
we are convinced that if we are to play a meaningful role nationally and in the comity of nations we must be second to none in the application of advanced technologies to the real problems of the man and society, ram once said.
the project, which is being undertaken to quench the thirst of drought-prone areas of kolar, chikkaballapur and bengaluru rural districts, has been prepared after obtaining opinion from technical experts on the pros and cons of the project, said siddaramaiah.
the make in india mittelstand (miim) launched to encourage german small and medium industry (sme) to india has evoked major interest in germany, giving further boost to bilateral business ties, prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday.
on the tax administration front, siddaramaiah said the e-governance initiative for collecting taxes would be strengthened.
we want this process to be cashless, said ram , joint commissioner of police, (traffic).
(the canadian press via ap)prime minister modi has announced several key initiatives taken by his government in the area of nuclear security and non-proliferation, including countering nuclear smuggling and deployment of technology to deter nuclear terrorism.
b'president pranabmukherjee said that indian education institutions indulged in scientific research will soon reach on top.
during the address, pm modi said that there is a need to use technology more and innovate more.
15 (pti): prime minister modi on friday said his pet digital india initiative is a war against touts and middlemen, helping check blackmoney and black marketing while creating immense job opportunities in small towns and rural areas.
chief minister narendramodi today said it is high time that the police and various other security agencies develop modern and scientific methods to strengthen internal security with the help of skilled manpower.
bhubaneswar: chief minister naveenpatnaik today asked district collectors to act as agents of change for the betterment of public service delivery and governance by using '3ts' - teamwork, transparency and technology.
amrg & associates partner rajat mohan said the issue could be resolved if gst compliance structure is simplified and government programmes are designed to achieve a robust digital literacy in the long run".
we hope to gain acceptance from members of the public for vehicles sharing this kind of space with them, said ram , chief executive at oxbotica, which developed the technology behind the shuttle.
(anindya shankar ray) the mobile phone is empowering the underclass in a way 45 years of talking about socialism never did, said shashitharoor on saturday evening, taking a swipe at his friends in the cpm who had dubbed cellular technology a plaything of the elite and opposed its entry into india.
(pti)new delhi, april 26 : prime minister modi today asked his officials to explore new technologies to ramp up road-building and boost coal output as part of a broader objective to push economic growth and work towards the completion of existing projects in time.
govt depts should have space cell: pmnew delhi, sep 08, 2015, dhns: 0:43 istevery government department will need to create a space cell to find the new and innovative ways of utilising the benefits of space technologies in policy planning and governance, prime minister narendramodi said.
modi also said the technology should instil fear among the criminals.
we must use technology as a means to development, not destruction, modi said in his plenary address at the summit.
doing scientific research to be made easier: pmmysuru, jan 3, 2016 (pti) 16:10 istdoing scientific research would be made easier and science administration, too, will be improved in the country, prime minister modi told scientists while stressing that their work should be focused on the 'five-es' of economy, environment, energy, empathy and equity.
stressing that digital india was about 4 es  education, employment, entrepreneurship, and empowerment, modi said from booking rail tickets to paying bills and availing government services digitally, people were being empowered.
during 2017-18, a total grant of rs 189 crore has been provided to the e-governance department, siddaramaiah said.
the make in india push, manoharparrikar told mediapersons, had begun to yield results.
highlighting the need to increase tax base and adopt new technology, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked young tax officials to be people-centric.
modi said technology is bringing big changes and keeping this in mind, the countrys law universities should develop such kind of talents.
modi said the collaboration and relationship between royal bhutan university and iits of india and some other top educational institutions are in line with today's requirements for education and technology.
the growth potential of aerospace and defence industry has attracted global majors like boeing, honeywell, airbus, eads, pratt & whitney, rolls royce and utc aerospace to set up their engineering and design services in this tech hub, siddaramaiah told at least 300 delegates participating in the three-day event.
modi said there could not have been a century where technology played an important role as much as it does now.
quoting former prime minister jawaharlal nehru, ram said that politics and religion had become outdated and that this was an era of science and spiritualism.
bihar is known for its jugar technology (indigenous technology with local material) and patna city is known to be the epicentre of that technology, nitishkumar said, while addressing a meeting before flagging off the rally, which was organised under the aegis of the bihar chamber of commerce.
on the issue of corruption, akhileshyadav said it was a matter of concern to reduce corruption at all levels and if daily working is associated with latest technology, it could bring transparency.
recalling his recent meeting with entrepreneurs and industrialists in mumbai, nitishkumar said he had assured them that bihar would become self-reliant in energy by the time their firms become operational.
with the help of the advanced technologies, the government is conserving resources, naidu said.
these innovators are working to help keep the united states on the cutting edge, showing that federal investments in science lead to advancements that expand our knowledge of the world around us and contribute to our economy, barackobama said.
technology is defining competitiveness and power in the new world and it is creating boundless opportunities to transform lives, modi said as he began his two-day visit to the country.
to further bolster the cashless transactions, arunjaitley said that sidbi will refinance merchants and businesses based on transaction history.
it is proposed to develop 10 prominent tourist sites into iconic tourism destinations by following a holistic approach involving infrastructure and skill development, development of technology, attracting private investment, branding and marketing, finance minister arunjaitley said in his budget speech.
das said it had been decided to constitute technology teams to hasten the pace of recalibrating the atms for the new high-denomination notes.
there are times when a problem portrays the importance of science for finding a solution, modi said referring to the 2005 mumbai floods which led to development of a dwelling structure that saves its occupants and prevents water-logging.
we have started the 'make in india' initiative and we want everyone to come and look at the opportunities that india has to offer, modi said.
allowing fdi in multi-brand retail will bring in much needed investments, technologies and efficiencies to unlock the true potential of the agricultural value chain, ram said.
addressing the 12th convocation ceremony of tezpur university today, pranabmukherjee said he had called upon central universities to open innovation clubs to spur an innovation culture and translate the slogan of inclusion in innovation into a workable framework.
while addressing the press via video-conference, pm modi said that he is convinced that when leaders join hands and mutually share the fruits of knowledge, technology and growth, development and prosperity can increase.
the successful test of babur-3 is a manifestation of pakistans technological progress and self-reliance, prime minister nawazsharif said in a statement.
m g science institute principal p k jain told the indian express that this year science colleges were getting good response from students.
on the industrial front, prime minister narendramodi announced 'make in india', 'startup india', 'digital india' and many more things.
guntur: town and country planning department additional director read said that the government was set to expedite the process of resolving the building penalisation scheme (bps) applications by using a new software.
participating at the second convocation of the indian institute of technology, patna last month, pranabmukherjee asked the youngsters to develop innovative strategies to promote inclusive growth of those at the grassroots.
(ap photo)prime minister modi on tuesday here asked the iits, iiits and other technical institutions to create an atmosphere for boosting up the make in india campaign so that the country could not only step in a big way to manufacture defence equipment, but also lead the world in ensuring cyber security and supply skilled manpower globally in the next few years.
12:40 pm ist visit opens new pathways of cooperation tweeting about his meeting with president putin, pm modi said, during our visit, president putin showed me cutting edge technologies at the shipyard.
lets resolve that by 2022 we will no longer have to import pulses i have been telling our universities our agricultural universities should take up each variety of pulses how to do research in it, how to do genetic engineering in it, how to increase productivity, how to increase protein content so that farmers get good prices, modi said.
(source: pti photo)exhorting farmers to adopt modern technology, prime minister narendramodi on monday said his government has decided to double their income by 2022 when india would celebrate 75 years of independence.
bathinda deputy commissioner ghanshyamthori , who convened a meeting of senior officials of departments concerned, said whitefly-friendly weed would be destroyed under technical guidance from the agriculture department before march 11.
modi said the use of technology would save time and ensure that lawyers make sharp arguments in court that would help judges in taking decisions faster.
we have been operating our smelter with the best-in-class technology, adapting best practices followed globally and shall continue to do so, said p ram , ceo, sterlite copper.
addressing the village level entrepreneurs (vles), who run these centres, via video conferencing, modi said digital india was launched with an aim to connect india's villages and youth.
earlier, akhileshyadav said that samajwadis had set a precedence of development in the state by constructing this 302-km hi-tech expressway which would open new vistas of development in the state.
s ram , the head of the sports mechanics and videographer for the indian cricket team since 2001, who welcomed the gathering said, this technology is first of its kind in india.
narendra modi said the need of the hour was to adopt modern technology in increasing the land under cultivation to reverse the scenario of decline in agri growth.
referring to his governments ambitious make in india initiative, modi said 37 of the indian warships participating the fleet review were made in india and their numbers will surely rise.
also read | india, bahrain sign agreements in space technology, culture exchangenoting that 'chandrayaan-2 ' would land on the surface of moon on september 7, modi said the entire world was today discussing india's space missions.
one of the senior-most environment scientists in the country, ram said the technical upgradation have led to improved forecasting.
referring to smart city, modi said, for the first time in india, a challenge was being floated, in which the citizens of urban india could contribute in the formulation of development visions of their cities.
kolkata, apr 1, 2o17 (pti) 23:37 istprime minister narendramodi today said pitched for enhanced use of information technology to solve day-to-day problems facing the society and urged budding innovators to come out with solutions.
chief minister devendra fadnavis on sunday asked bankers to help realise prime minister narendra modis appeal for a cashless economy.
the thumb that once was a symbol of illiteracy will now be a powerful tool thanks to the technology marvel, said modi.
(pti photo)president pranabmukherjee has said india is committed to continuing its political, technical and economic cooperation with uganda in the manner that uganda government requires it for meeting its developmental goals.
bseb chairman anandkishore said the board was in the process to acquire a de-duplication software to screen such candidates and maintain closer scrutiny.
stressing the importance of information technology and communication in changing times, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday that courts could use video conferencing to communicate with government officials instead of summoning them to appear in court, saving time and money.
society is becoming technology driven and it is essential to look towards affordable technology, modi said addressing 'visitors' conference at rashtrapati bhavan.
trade, commerce, innovation and engineering are of immense importance in this era, modi said, adding companies from russia should explore the opportunities in india and collaborate with the industry.
it is important to empower poor farmers with information and communication technology to increase farm productivity and protect their livelihoods, siddaramaiah said.
he expressed hope that the government would increase the number of micro-atms in the country to one million from the current 130,000, and said cashless transactions will completely remove bureaucracy from the country.
riding without helmet tops the listof violations bookedk ram of janaagraha said, we from janaagraha are happy to work with the bengaluru ram police for the public eye app, and it is a success story in the civic tech sphere on how the government and non-profits could work together, use technology and bring services closer to the people.
hence, we must maximise the use of local material with scientific improvements and make buildings energy efficient, modi said, adding that scientists should help make cities immune to the consequences of natural disasters and homes more resilient.
12m openings will be provided at certain stretches by way of small bridges to allow for the free flow of water, he said adding, the irrigation department has been directed to work out scientific solutions to prevent flooding and to take anti-flooding measures, manoharparrikar said.
though modi in an interaction with the chief secretaries had said gem could provide efficiency, savings and transparency in government procurement, it minister and info-tech corp chairman rohan khaunte said the new arrangement was done to put systems in place to bring accountability.
describing internet as a gamechanger,gujarat chief minister modi said thursday politicians ought to use technology for bringing in good governance,accountability and transparency as well as reaching out to the people.
also, lieutenant governor anilbaijal had repeatedly told us during review meetings that enhancing property tax is crucial for sdmc to generate money for smart city projects.
from india, an 83-member delegation comprising 60 students, 20 mentors and three officials of the aicte visited singapore for the event which modi said is a boost to technology, innovation and youth power.
in his monthly 'mann ki baat' address, modi said the way scientists rectified technical issues, which caused isro to defer its launch by a few days, is exemplary and unparalleled.
i believe that india and the uk must continue to nurture and support an ecosystem of high quality fundamental research to pave the way for joint technology development that can address global challenges, modi said.
babasaheb rightly said that industrialisation will give maximum benefit to our dalit sisters and brothers, modi said encouraging young entrepreneurs.
responding to a number of suggestions with regard to digitalisation received throughout the day on a specially-created platform on social media, modi said, we are doing everything possible to make enterprise and innovation easier.
narendra modi asked the commanders to upgrade the technological capabilities of soldiers at all levels.
speaking at a review meeting with the officials of ap fiber grid project at his residence here, ram said that drone technology had come handy for crowd control, ram management and crime control during the recently concluded krishna pushkarams.
speaking at an anti-corruption meet organised by the central vigilance commission, pm modi said corruption is not something we can have in our system and technology has a major role to play in that.
lauding efforts associated with the project and their innovations, anilbaijal asked the stakeholders to use the latest scientific methods for cleaning drains and urged the experts to provide the latest technologies to urban local bodies to solve waste issues.
ashok dalwai, deputy director-general (tech centre), unique identification authority of india (uidai), said here on saturday that the uidai is working with various state governments to integrate aadhaar with various social sector service delivery programmes, for efficient delivery of services to the beneficiaries.
visit to someshwara temple at ulsoorrequesting her to review the visa policy, ram said that fast growing and high value tech sectors relied on effective immigration policy that attracted high-skilled workers and minimised barriers to the flow of talented people.
technology and human interface are both important for the police force to keep progressing, modi said speaking at the annual conference of dgps/igps held at the sardar vallabhbhai patel national police academy (svp npa) here on saturday.
earlier during the day, aditya birla group chairman kumarmangalambirla said, this combination will enable the aditya birla group to create a high quality digital infrastructure that will transition the indian population towards a digital lifestyle, and make the governments digital india vision a reality.
the sources said municipal minister k t ram had asked the civic body to invite tenders for units which could dispose of animal waste using black hole technology.
consequent to the provisions under amrut, smart city mission and housing mission, there is a new churning resulting in a new conscience on the part of urban local bodies, which are the achilles tendon for effective planning and execution, ram told pti while summing up the new initiatives.
siddaramaiah said that progress in science and technology should be utilised for the progress of the society.
new delhi: internet of things and new technologies are a deadly combination and will play an important role in the growth of his state, said n babu , chief minister, andhra pradesh.
beijing: president xijinping has asked rapidly modernising pla to integrate its scientific advances with that of the civilian sector by removing institutional barriers and special interest groups obstructing the process.
b'describing internet as a gamechanger,gujarat chief minister modi today said politicians ought to use technology for bringing in good governance,accountability and transparency as well as reaching out to the people.
speaking at the world's largest event on financial technology, modi said technology has transformed governance and delivery of public services in india and unleashed innovation, hope and opportunities.
twitterdescribing the monument as a symbol of the countrys engineering and technical capabilities, modi said it will remind those who question indias existence that this nation was, is and will remain eternal.
modi said the smart city mission aims to integrate digital technology into rapidly urbanising environment and there is already a high level of interest from the uk in projects in pune, amaravati and indore.
the government has also constituted a special taskforce to keep a watch on the infusion of fake currency in vulnerable areas, mr. das said, adding that a technology team has also been formed to popularise the use of e-wallets and also to ensure that atm recalibration progresses apace.
modi asked scientists from india and overseas at the five- day mega science event to bridge the gap between traditional knowledge and modern science so that localised and more sustainable solutions to the challenges could be found.
apple inc is putting a lot of energy in india with an aim to launch all its initiatives, including retail, in the country where it has an extremely low overall market share, the technology giant's ceo timcook has said.
b'describing internet as a gamechanger,gujarat chief minister narendramodi today said politicians ought to use technology for bringing in good governance,accountability and transparency as well as reaching out to the people.
if the cashless economy is a chariot, the bhim app is the charioteer.
b'asking scientists to think out of the box for advancements in the country,prime minister manmohansingh today announced 2012-13 as the year of science to unleash the energies of young scientists and attract more people towards research.
in an interview with russia's state-run tass news agency ahead of his visit, modi said he shared a special chemistry with the russian president and is keen on technology transfers so that the two sides can make military equipment in india at cheaper rates for export to third countries.
modi said the armed forces are being rapidly modernised, and efforts are being made to increase the participation of the private sector for make in india in the defence sector.
karnataka to incubate 20,000 start-ups: siddaramaiahbengaluru, dec 8, 2015, (ians) 17:14 istthe tech-savy state of karnataka will incubate about 20,000 start-ups by 2020 to create six lakh direct and 12 lakh indirect jobs, chief minister ram said on tuesday.
defence minister manoharparrikar has said india will choose at least one more aircraft, besides the indigenous tejas, for the iaf through the 'make in india' route.
(ap photo)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday here asked the iits, iiits and other technical institutions to create an atmosphere for boosting up the make in india campaign so that the country could not only step in a big way to manufacture defence equipment, but also lead the world in ensuring cyber security and supply skilled manpower globally in the next few years.
i am convinced that when we join hands and mutually share the fruits of knowledge, technology and growth, we can speed up our development and prosperity, modi said today.
attacking the previous upa government at the centre for delaying technology upgrades in the textile industry, smritiirani said, in last three years of upa government, 40 schemes were launched, out of which 20 were suspended without spending a single penny.
quoting former prime minister jawaharlal nehru, siddaramaiah said that politics and religion had become outdated and that this was an era of science and spiritualism.
teaotia said the commerce ministry is focusing on facilitating technology upgradation for boosting exports by bridging the gap between the leading r & d laboratories in the country and the industry and identifying specific products through which value addition can take place".
prime minister lofven had participated in our make in india programme in 2016 along with a big business delegation, pm modi said while delivering the joint statement with his swedish counterpart stefan lofven following bilateral talks in stockholm this afternoon.
by ptiberne: from berne to bengaluru, and from research labs to manufacturing floors, india and switzerland have immense scope to collaborate with switzerland in various sectors, especially in science and technology, president ramnathkovind said on thursday.
after addressing sebis board and top officials at a customary post-budget meeting, arunjaitley said he also discussed the future agenda for the capital markets regulatory body, including the evolving technological and policy changes.
207 items notified as technical textiles will give major boost to the sunrise sector, smritiirani had said in a tweet earlier.
citizens are netizensthis is a wired republic, modi said,adding that technology can bring accountability,transparency and help in good governance.
under the new schemes relating to e-governance for 2017-18, every district will be brought under the scope of service of process by establishing 'karnataka one' centres in more than 18 district centres, ram said.
we want to build cooperation in new areas, especially some high-technology areas, that have a deeper connect with the youth in both our societies, modi said.
reiterating his pitch for a cashless economy, modi said, we also have a historic opportunity to embrace increased cashless payments and integrate latest technology in economic transactions.
mayor anantanarayanjena said: smart city and modern urbanisation are the future.
(pti)new delhi, april 26 : prime minister narendramodi today asked his officials to explore new technologies to ramp up road-building and boost coal output as part of a broader objective to push economic growth and work towards the completion of existing projects in time.
chief minister capt amarindersingh has already announced his governments intent to canalise all rivers of the state with technical support from the world bank and asian development bank to realign river streams and courses, besides strengthening and widening of embankments for a permanent solution.
addressing a gathering after delivering a lecture on space technology and societal applications, a s kirankumar , chairman, isro, said on monday that isro is working on designing reuseable satellite launch vehicles in an effort to cut down cost.
prime minister narendramodi on friday said the opposition was frustrated over repeated electoral defeats and was spreading lies about the bjp-led government, and asked party mps to counter the lies using technology and by working among the people.
noting the decline in coal imports in the last year, modi asked for even more vigorous efforts towards coal import substitution, and application of new coal technologies including gasification technology.
so, this video analysis technology helps the cricketer to know more about the nuances of the game, ram said.
arul horizonunion minister smritiirani announced that a national-level competition to promote research and innovation among students will start from august 15 and students will contribute their ideas directly to the central government.
while regional and sub-regional science centres are aimed at enhancing scientific temperament among youth in the state, ram said the government will ensure the benefits of science reach the rural poor.
this will be done through jan bhagidari: pm modi10:12 pm: pm modi asserts the true essence of democracy is jan bhagidari (peoples participation)10:08 pm: insisting that we live in a technology driven era, pm modi said there is a need to use technology more and innovate more.
2 billion connected indians drive innovation; technology ensures the citizen-government interface is incorruptible, modi said.
there is certain amount of intellectual investment which india has made in the development of tech industry on the us, congress party spokesperson manishtewari said.
the department has focused on e-governance initiatives to meet the challenges of the rapidly changing economic environment and the expectations of the growing numbers of taxpayers, pranabmukherjee said in his address at the concluding ceremony here of the year-long celebrations commemorating 150 years of the income tax department.
highlighting the advantages karnataka has, chief minister ram said the state has a unique and powerful combination of engaged citizens, hi-technology and outstanding talent supported by a well-oiled governance machinery.
will ensure 24x7 power to all indians by march 2019: goyalnew delhi, dec 5, 2014, (pti) 16:46 istreiterating the promise of 24x7 electricity to all by 2019, power minister piyushgoyal today said use of information technology will help in achieving the target.
argentina, modi said, has strongly backed india's entry into the nuclear suppliers group, the missile technology control regime (mtcr), australia group, and wassenaar arrangement.
chief minister n babu who launched the first machine said his aim is to make andhra pradesh a crime free state in india through the usage of latest technology in forensic labs.
siddaramaiah said the state promoted bengaluru bio-innovation centre will soon be operational, giving plenty of opportunities for innovative ideas to be commercialised and leading to blossoming of several start-ups in the fields of life sciences and pharmaceuticals.
the best way to cool soaring prices is to boost output with better technology, more competition among more producers and better information, india's finance minister pranabmukherjee said at meeting of g20 finance ministers and central bank governors on commodities and energy.
japan is also at the forefront of engaging in our national initiatives, such as 'make in india', 'skill india', 'digital india', 'start-up india' japanese investors have faith in india's economic future, which is marked with myriad opportunities, modi said.
after inaugurating the bridge, modi said the facility was a marvel of engineering and technology, and would be of immense strategic significance.
melbourne: aadhaar project is an example of using modern technology to leapfrog for future development and transformation of a country, uidai chairman nandan nilekani has said.
twitter.com/9mjnd9ki4h  vicepresidentofindia (@vpsecretariat) august 21, 2019i am glad to be visiting estonia, a successful democracy, a member of the eu and a nation which has been recognised as a digital state, having great technological achievements to its credit, naidu said in a joint press statement.
with the help of the advanced technologies, the government is conserving resources, babu said.
when we speak of digital india, we would like to see a digital armed force, modi told the audience that included the top brass of the army, air force and navy.
it would be a day dream to consider that higher price will increase production without technological breakthrough, niti aayog member ram said recently.
modi said he feels proud to hear that there is make in india movement going on in japan also.
we plan to increase the language versions in the future, so that residents who have access to the internet are able to view important information in a language that they are comfortable with, said nandan nilekani, chairman uidai while launching the multilingual website from uidai tech centre, bengaluru.
chief minister n naidu who launched the first machine said his aim is to make andhra pradesh a crime free state in india through the usage of latest technology in forensic labs.
coining a new equation,modi said indian talent plus information technology is equal to india tomorrow.
our endeavour is to lead the revival of coconut farming and provide support to farmers with scientific protocols for value addition and processing, babu said.
panaji, aug 30, 2015, (pti) 12:20 istunion defence minister manoharparrikar has said the drdo's transfer of technology deal with yoga guru ramdev's trust will fetch rs 50 crore revenue for the people of leh region.
placing his faith in the space mission, pm modi said it would encourage youth to look for a career in science resulting in the countrys progress.
govt depts should have space cell: pmnew delhi, sep 08, 2015, dhns: 0:43 istevery government department will need to create a space cell to find the new and innovative ways of utilising the benefits of space technologies in policy planning and governance, prime minister modi said.
inaugurating the administrative headquarters of the smart city, auric hall, modi said aurangabad is not only becoming a new smart city but is also going to become a centre of the nation's industrial activities, and once fully operational, it will create lakhs of jobs.
expressing happiness over the broad range of outcomes, modi said, we can look forward with confidence to increased investment, trade and technology partnerships in manufacturing, infrastructure and skill development.
stating that indias partnership with uk in industrial research has been one of the most exciting programmes, modi said the global innovation & technology alliance or gita platform of cii and department of science and technology along with innovate-uk supports industry led r&d projects in affordable healthcare, clean technology, manufacturing and information and communications and technology (ict).
the goal, nilekani said, is to achieve widespread diffusion of aadhaar platform knowledge across new entrepreneurial ventures and existing software companies to assist and nurture aadhaar capabilities.
to another tweet, pm modi said, through science, we can transform the lives of the poor and marginalised.
the passenger ratio to each cisf personnel is too high for efficient safety control and hence, engineering modulations such as psds are required to keep safety measures in check, dr ram , associate professor in transport planning at school of planning and architecture, said.
our agreement on cooperation in ocean economy is an important step in deepening our scientific and economic partnership, modi said.
modi said his government has used modern technology in governance and implementation of policies.
the measures include putting in place robust legislative and administrative frameworks and systems with due focus on capacity building, integration of information through technology and fast-tracking prosecution, pranabmukherjee said.
tiwari said in the letter that maharashtra had started working on core issues raised in ncf report related to the areas of land, water, bio-resources, credit and insurance, technology and knowledge management, and markets aggressively.
the government will take many more innovative steps to make assam the first state to achieve the target of 100 per cent cashless and digital transactions, sonowal said.
will strengthen scientific bond between india, uk: nobel laureatemysuru: dec 10, 2015, dhns: 0:25 istnobel laureate ram ram on thursday said he would strive to foster exchange of knowledge between india and united kingdom.
more programmes in vedic science should be encouraged, ram said.
4 crore, making karnataka the leading state for its e-governance initiatives, chief minister siddaramaiah said at an event here on monday.
reminiscing his efforts to bring the e-governance in the united andhra pradesh, naidu said that unless there was new thinking, planning and execution, there would not be any progress in any sector.
these videos will be live on our facebook page and can be viewed on youtube as well, said deepakkumar , an ma political science student at kirori mal college, who has been volunteering at ducr for three years.
modi said, we in india believe in both exploring the frontiers of science and technology, and researching the depths of our soul.
higher and technical education secretary ajaykumar said this at a news meet at suchana bhavan today, and added that jharkhand needed some 600 new colleges to improve its gross enrolment ratio (ger) of 8.
karnataka aims at being bio-economic power house of world: cmbengaluru, feb 9, 2015 (pti) 16:12 istkarnataka chief minister ram today said the state aims to be the bio-economic powerhouse of the world and announced that the bio-innovation centre in the city will soon be operational.
by ptine delhi: prime minister narendra modi-led government in its second term will implement more economic reforms, raise investment in the farm sector, provide collateral-free loans to entrepreneurs and further simplify gst to boost economic growth, president ram said on thursday.
addressing a meeting last year, prime minister narendramodi asked the drdo to bring in fresh blood and give leadership positions to new talents in an effort to spur innovation and technology development.
for highly specialised technology and labour, we will bring in outside consultants for the purpose, but we will deliver the vessels to the indian navys satisfaction and also on time, admiral babu said.
stressing that his government was not attempting to infringe upon an individuals religious beliefs or faith, siddaramaiah said the proposed bill would work towards instilling a scientific temper in people.
15 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on friday said his pet digital india initiative is a war against touts and middlemen, helping check blackmoney and black marketing while creating immense job opportunities in small towns and rural areas.
the commissioning of the facility also symbolises the countrys capability in establishing such world-class facilities wherein technology from outside is restricted or not available, kirankumar said.
our priority should be to make science and technology affordable to the masses with zero-effect and zero-defect, modi said.
let us accept the challenge, plan accordingly and make a cashless economy possible, mr. fadnavis said while addressing an urgently-convened meeting of the state level bankers committee (slbc) in mumbai.
l-g anilbaijal said the scientific collection, systematic segregation and compressed volume of garbage will lead to dumping of less garbage in sanitary landfills.
modi also announced a grant of usd 5 million for the establishment of a software park in the telecommunications university in nha trang.
on the occasion, union minister m venkaiah babu said that the demonetisation was also a part of the digital india.
modi, while addressing investors at the vibrant gujarat summit here, also said that 'make in india' initiative has become the biggest brand that the country has ever had.
new agreements in the field of taxation, science, space, youth affairs and sports outline expanding scope of our partnership, pm modi said.
the statement said the two prime ministers welcomed the agreement reached between the two governments for cooperation in peaceful uses of nuclear energy and confirmed that this agreement will be signed after the technical details are finalised including those relating to necessary internal proceduresafter the talks, modi also announced that recognising our special relationship, india will extend 'visa on arrival' to all japanese citizens from 1st march 2016.
adding that the launch will give a boost to indias lunar programme, modi said, efforts such as #chandrayaan2 will further encourage our bright youngsters towards science, top-quality research and innovation.
the growth potential of aerospace and defence industry has attracted global majors like boeing, honeywell, airbus, eads, pratt & whitney, rolls royce and utc aerospace to set up their engineering and design services in this tech hub, ram told at least 300 delegates participating in the three-day event.
cm rues 'suppression' of intolerance debatebengaluru, jan 27, 2016, dhns: 0:17 istnoting that the development of a nation cannot be achieved through religious fundamentalism, chief minister siddaramaiah has said that a country can witness growth only through scientific and technological progress and by imbibing rational thoughts.
addressing the valedictory session at the three-day asian ministerial conference on disaster risk reduction (amcdrr) 2016, union home minister rajnathsingh said all nations should ensure that the government and communities analyse their resilience and act on promoting hazard-safe sectoral development with greater use of reliable technologies.
mayor anantanarayanjena said the construction of the four-lane roads was part of the smart city's railway station multi-modal hub project.
ulccs chairman ram said the society will set up a high-tech dairy plant with a capacity to process one lakh litres of milk per day in kozhikode district, which will be up and running by october 2018.
india and israel will strengthen the existing cooperation in agriculture, technology and security, modi said at a joint media event with netanyahu.
modi said india takes pride in using remote sensing and space technology for multiple applications, including land restoration and it would be happy to help other friendly countries develop land restoration strategies through cost effective satellite technology.
which is great for cashless economy, the pm said today in nagpur, even as he mimicked millennial users often portrayed with their heads downward flicking their fingers over their smartphones.
prime minister modi says, if the world helps me with technology, helps me with resources i will be the very first person to switch over to clean energy completely.
modi also announced a grant of $5 million for the establishment of a software park in the telecommunications university in nha trang.
as far as the gems and jewellery sector is concerned our aim should not only be make in india but also design in india, modi said at a public function at surat, the diamond hub of the country.
on the role of customs and the entire tax department, arunjaitley said it has been evolving with changing nature of economy and with increased tools of technology now being available.
after prime minister modi announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, the centre in a bid to encourage customers to go cashless, had instructed the oil companies to give a discount of 0.
modi had said the police should be smart (sensitive and smart, modern with mobility, alert and accountable, reliable and responsive and trained and tech-savvy).
lucknow, aug 23, 2015 (pti) 18:11 istadvocating the promotion of sanskrit, union home minister rajnathsingh today said even foreign scholars have considered it to be one of the most scientific of languages.
earlier, akhileshyadav said that samajwadis had set a precedence of development in the state by constructing this 302-km hi-tech expressway which would open new vistas of development in the state.
we are excited to announce the expansion of our presence in connecticut and create 1,000 technology jobs in the state, infosys president kumarravi said.
(source: pti photo)exhorting farmers to adopt modern technology, prime minister modi on monday said his government has decided to double their income by 2022 when india would celebrate 75 years of independence.
on france, where he goes on the first leg, modi said that he would seek greater french involvement in our make in india programme, including in the defence manufacturing sector.
in his address at 'future india: science and technology at the science congress', modi said, today's new slogan is jai jawan, jai kisan, jai vigyan and jai anusandhan.
odisha chief minister naveenpatnaik on sunday asked district collectors to act as agents of change to improve public service delivery and governance by using 3ts  teamwork, transparency and technology.
coimbatore: codissia president r ram said the codissia defence innovation and incubation centre, launched by the defence minister ram in trichy on sunday, would likely be set up at the forthcoming industrial park at kallapalayam in the city.
on the privacy issue, arunjaitley said the bill had provisions for taking care of it.
prime minister modi and his sri lankan counterpart ranil wickremesinghe, after their delegation level and restricted format talks, said the countries were determined to take the relationship to the next level as the two sides signed four agreements to deepen cooperation in health care and space science.
modi told the gathering of business leaders that through the 'make in india' initiative, his government is committed to transforming the country as a major player in the global value chain.
twitter.com/qbjiftvrkj  gandhi (@rahulgandhi) august 19, 2019charting the steps taken by rajiv government, the video says: computers become the symbol of ambitious indians, entrepreneurs like nr narayana murthy, shiv nadar and azim prem set-up world-class it companies, through mtnl indians could connect to 243 overseas countries, digitised telephone exchanges, pcos introduced to connect rural and urban india and first indian railways introduced digital reservation for tickets.
i also had a knack for acquiring the latest gadgets, but since then he (narendra modi) appears to have learnt much more than me on use of technology to reach out to the people, bihars modi said.
providing state-of-the-art facilities free of cost to start-ups will give a jump-start to entrepreneurs of rajasthan and enable them to prove their mettle to be leaders not just in india, but across the world, said akhilarora , principal secretary of the state department of information technology and communication.
talking about the central governments mudra scheme, skill india and startup india funds, modi said that there are sufficient platforms to help young entrepreneurs with innovative ideas.
need for workforce to achieve sustainable development stressedshivamogga, june 19, 2015, dhns: 0:56 istindian space research organisation (isro) chairman a s kirankumar said on thursday that there was a need to provide inputs to the decision-makers of the country based on scientific analysis to tackle the issues people are facing.
chief minister modi today said it is high time that the police and various other security agencies develop modern and scientific methods to strengthen internal security with the help of skilled manpower.
in his periodic review of infrastructure sector on tuesday, modi asked niti aayog to examine global standards in the application of technology for infrastructure creation, and their feasibility in india.
in a letter, chief minister naveenpatnaik said the operationalisation of this project will contribute to the make in india and digital india initiatives by the union government, stating that in both these programmes, the information technology (it), it-enabled service (ites) and the electronics system designing and manufacturing (esdm) were the major thrust areas.
we need people who can think laterally, use tools and interpret the large amount of data we collect to find solutions to issues related to sea-level rise and climate change, said r ram , head, ocean observation systems, national institute of ocean technology.
unveiling the budgetary proposals in the assembly, ram announced a total allocation of rs 299 crore to it, bt and science and technology department.
lauding efforts associated with the project and their innovations, anilbaijal asked the stakeholders to use the latest scientific methods for cleaning drains and urged the experts to provide the latest technologies to urban local bodies to solve waste issues.
we wish to form proposals that will help young entrepreneurs too, said sameer jain,chairman of young indians (chandigarh chapter) and ceo of net solutions.
modi said, the life and works of indian scientists are a compelling testament of integration of deep fundamental insights with technology development and nation-building.
also read | heres what twitterati think what pm modi should have spoken in his #mannkibaatthe more our young generation works for research, innovation, inventing technology for solutions to our daily life problems and provide an easy relief from our problems, it will contribute immensely to making of the modern india of 21st century and that will be the real tribute to abdul kalam, modi said.
prime minister modi had yesterday said he was keen on greater exchanges with india's eastern neighbour especially in high-tech that have a deeper connect with the youth.
more scientific methods will be adopted for this purpose, health minister jain jain said.
modi said the centre had asked state governments to procure at least 4 per cent items produced by dalit entrepreneurs.
modi said for economic progress, there is the private and public sector, but the third and crucial one that i am attaching importance to is personal sector, where every person becomes an entrepreneur.
near reception, computers enabled with net are lined up to facilitate the visitors have the feel of new age technology- which is now almost paperless, in collating information, says the librarian dr ramesh gandhi.
promoting the  make in india idea, modi said that the union government would emphasise on indigenous manufacturing defence equipment.
speaking at the indus entrepreneurs (tie) leapfrog summit here on friday, nilekani said, in 2009, there was a whatsapp movement in telecom, where it wiped out the sms business model.
they have invited me to have a look at the technology and actual process used for generating power out of waste, so that it may be replicated in karnataka, ram said.
describing internet as a gamechanger,gujarat chief minister narendramodi said thursday politicians ought to use technology for bringing in good governance,accountability and transparency as well as reaching out to the people.
modi said he strongly believed that technology can and must bridge the divide between the government and the citizens.
modi told the visiting leaders that india would work together with the pacific island countries towards adaptation of technologies to combat the effects of climate change.
karnataka to incubate 20,000 start-ups: siddaramaiahbengaluru, dec 8, 2015, (ians) 17:14 istthe tech-savy state of karnataka will incubate about 20,000 start-ups by 2020 to create six lakh direct and 12 lakh indirect jobs, chief minister siddaramaiah said on tuesday.
highlighting the advantages karnataka has, chief minister siddaramaiah said the state has a unique and powerful combination of engaged citizens, hi-technology and outstanding talent supported by a well-oiled governance machinery.
modi said india is committed to accelerate the development of bhutan using space technology.
in fact, we are now the third largest contributor of rice to the public distribution system in india, naveenpatnaik said, adding, efforts are on to augment the irrigation potential and use of technology.
we also want to increase cooperation in science and technology, mining among other sectors, modi said in a statement issued shortly before his departure from new delhi.
mayor anantanarayanjena said janpath would see all-round development in the smart city project.
24 (pti): home minister rajnathsingh said on tuesday that the government is considering building 50 more indo tibetan border police posts along the india-china border and using technology to ensure a round-the-year temperature of 20 degrees celsius in all its high-altitude bases.
we can easily fight for our rights through digital india, modi said.
modi said the use of technology would save time and ensure that lawyers made arguments in court with sharpness that would help judges in taking decisions faster.
modi said president karimov was also supportive of strengthening ongoing cooperation in the areas of agriculture, information technology and energy.
seeking to rope in youngsters to promote cashless transactions, modi said for every person you introduce to the bhim app, you will get a cash back of rs 10.
every aspect of digital empowerment has been worked on, from rolling out fibre optics in villages, to digital literacy, modi said.
isro will provide satellite-generated information to the railways through space technology-based tools that will provide safety at unmanned level crossings, isro chairman a s kirankumar told reporters here yesterday in reply to a question on how will isro help the railways in using the navigational support system.
emphasising the need for scientific investigation of crimes, gandhi said spiralling cases crime against women and children have necessitated scientific analysis of physical evidence in such cases.
by september 30 my government will go cashless, manoharparrikar said.
| reutersnew delhi: india will offer tax incentives to small businesses engaged in cashless transactions, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters on tuesday, as part of the government's fight against the cash economy.
prime minister narendramodi had yesterday said he was keen on greater exchanges with india's eastern neighbour especially in high-tech that have a deeper connect with the youth.
noting that defence budgets the world over were shrinking, modi said in his brief address to the gathering, which included defence ministers and air chiefs of a dozen countries from the world over, adding that the country's frugal manufacturing and engineering services sector could help foreign firms reduce costs.
encouraging team spirit, ensuring transparency and effectively using technology to provide last mile delivery of services to people shall be the focus of our administration, naveenpatnaik said and added that he will review the performance of the collectors regarding improvement in public service delivery through the use of 3ts on a regular basis.
on the role of universities, pranabmukherjee said they have to be the breeding ground for creative quests and cutting-edge technological developments.
he also said the government needs to make full use of new and modern technology not only in delivery of public services but in governance in general.
pm modi inaugurates 103rd indian science congress in mysurumysuru, jan 3, 2016, (ians/agencies): 12:01 istprime minister narendramodi on sunday said good governance is not limited to policy and decision-making, it is also about integrating science and technology in choices we make and strategies we pursue.
finance minister t.m. thomas isaac said here on saturday that the state government would soon develop software to be supplied free to trade and industry for gst migration.
savita ram , a resident of ben village in nalanda district, said her popularity level has soared since becoming a clean energy entrepreneur.
jaitley said just because it is possible to hack a network did not mean that technology must not be deployed.
recalling how the heavy monsoons this year had ruined arecanut crops in the coastal region, ram said that the scientists from university of agriculture sciences must come up with innovative technologies.
hyderabad: in the current situation, when prime minister narendra modi is urging every individual in the country to go cashless and opt the digital path, the role of software industry becomes all the more important and relevant, it minister kt ram said.
after prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8, the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy.
weightage will be given to teams or individuals who have taken up startup ideas in the past and got to the prototype stage, said akhilarora , principal secretary, doit &c.
describing the new age as era of internet of things, pm modi said that technologies and innovation can be used to power changes.
we have seen the governments do a lot for the past 70 years and we have also seen where we have reached, today i want you to tell me, what we (government) should not do, so that you (entrepreneurs) can move freely and reach a new height, modi said from a podium which read we unobstacle.
interacting with over 2,500 students of engineering colleges and universities from all the northeast at the iit campus here, prime minister modi also said that indian youth had the potential of leading the world in cyber security.
modi said technology is bringing big changes and keeping this in mind, the country's law universities should develop such kind of talents.
technology is defining competitiveness and power in the new world and it is creating boundless opportunities to transform lives, modi said.
the aim of swaccha bharat is to make the country free of open defecation and implement scientific waste management by 2019, said naidu.
modi also asked banks to become socially more responsible and provide support to 'swachhata' entrepreneurs or those setting up cleanliness and waste management ventures.
chetana is an initiative to empower the girl child with technology, exposure and mentoring, said ram , after inaugurating karnatakas flagship event on it and electronics bengaluruite.
addressing a huge gathering, modi said, all of you who have gathered here today are power houses of knowledge, innovation and enterprise.
months before prime minister modi announced demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country, a low level government karmachari in jharkhands latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction.
japan interested in bangalore-mysore bullet train project: siddubangalore, sept 16, 2013, (pti) 18:00 istjapan has evinced interest in funding and sharing technology in a bullet train project in karnataka, chief minister siddaramaiah said here today.
s h naregal , special officer for hubballi-dharwad smart city limited, told toi that the tender process has been completed for developing mg park.
modi said there is no failure in science but only experiments and efforts, and efforts show new paths.
earlier in the day, finance minister arunjaitley said the government was ready with an entrepreneur-friendly taxation regime.
chhattisgarh was earlier known for forests and tribals, now its known for smart city naya raipur, said modi , adding that his government is working towards increasing income of tribals and those living in backward areas.
we are grateful that we have billions of minds but as long as we do not give a proper environment, develop a mechanism, mobilise resources, then these minds will be useless and therefore, there is one way to make realise our dreams and that is only through innovation, modi said.
* pm modi in his departure statement said that the osaka summit will witness india addressing issues like women empowerment, artificial intelligence and common efforts to address terrorism as its top agenda.
renewing government's commitment to creating favourable conditions for business and industry, modi said: never before is india so well prepared to absorb talent, technology and investment from outside.
the make in india mittelstand (miim) launched to encourage german small and medium industry (sme) to india has evoked major interest in germany, giving further boost to bilateral business ties, prime minister modi said on tuesday.
(reuters photo)modi said innovation, investment, start-ups, manufacturing etc.
gujarat chief minister vijayrupani (source: pti, file) gujarat chief minister vijayrupani (source: pti, file)gujarat chief minister vijayrupani on sunday said cashless india, digital india and clean india are the projects very dear to prime minister narendra modi and vadodara is taking steps in that direction.
inaugurating the summit with the theme 'innovation for inclusive growth', karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah said .
mayor jain said that the implementation of the e-governance project is very important.
karnataka aims at being bio-economic power house of world: cmbengaluru, feb 9, 2015 (pti) 16:12 istkarnataka chief minister siddaramaiah today said the state aims to be the bio-economic powerhouse of the world and announced that the bio-innovation centre in the city will soon be operational.
addressing a meeting last year, prime minister modi asked the drdo to bring in fresh blood and give leadership positions to new talents in an effort to spur innovation and technology development.
new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said the government is taking several steps to promote young entrepreneurs in the country, adding that startups are no longer confined to big cities.
find solutions to climate change,energy crisis: pm to studentsvaranasi, feb 22, 2016 (pti) 16:46 istciting global problems of climate change, energy crisis and deadly diseases, prime minister modi today asked the indian students to take up the challenge of finding solutions to these through innovation and research instead of merely doing cut-paste work.
by ptiberne: from berne to bengaluru, and from research labs to manufacturing floors, india and switzerland have immense scope to collaborate with switzerland in various sectors, especially in science and technology, president ram said on thursday.
pushing for digital economy, modi asked the youngsters at the rally to download the bhim app and contribute to a cashless economy.
we need to innovate at a much larger scale and own the ip (intellectual property) for these innovations, ram said in his message.
it is important to empower poor farmers with information and communication technology to increase farm productivity and protect their livelihoods, ram said.
to bridge the gap, it was decided to develop a special software for them, dalwai said.
new delhi, july 26, 2015, (ians) 17:41 istshocked over one fatality every four minutes in road accidents in india, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said his government will soon implement a road safety policy and cashless treatment for accident victims.
on the issue of corruption, akhileshyadav said it was a matter of concern to reduce corruption at all levels and if daily working is associated with latest technology, it could bring transparency.
modi has asked niti aayog to examine global standards of technology for infrastructure creation and their feasibility in india.
(the canadian press via ap)prime minister narendramodi has announced several key initiatives taken by his government in the area of nuclear security and non-proliferation, including countering nuclear smuggling and deployment of technology to deter nuclear terrorism.
as many as 73,000 villages will be brought into banking network with the help of technology by march 31, pranabmukherjee said, adding actions are being taken.
this tunnel is not just the longest tunnel but a big leap for jammu and kashmir in terms of development, modi said, describing the engineering feat as the states fate-line that will translate dreams into reality.
a large number of nationally acclaimed institutions have come forward to take research in technology to the next level, arunjaitley said.
without referring to advani's comments, arunjaitley said the media censorship is not possible today because of the technology itself.
our government wants to use new technology in a big way to curb dishonesty and bring transparency in governance.
they have agreed to set up an india-uk urban partnership and there are opportunities for both the countries to collaborate in the digital india and expand information convergence and people centric e-governancenew delhi: prime minister modi on monday said india and the uk can leverage technological prowess to create new opportunities, while seeking the uk businesses to invest in defence, manufacturing and aerospace sectors in india.
assam has performed better than many states in the country in ushering in cashless transactions at tea gardens and other interior places of the state, sonowal said.
addressing the 18th national conference on e-governance taking place at gandhinagar through his twitter handle, modi said: i urge you to explore ways to provide as many services as possible through mobiles.
chinese president xijinping said at the communist party congress held last year that china will push for the integration of the internet, big data and ai with the traditional economy.
noting the gigantic task where over 2/3rd of countries face impact of desertification globally, modi announced to set up a centre of excellence at dehradun to help developing countries in addressing land degradation issues and offered help to friendly nations for developing land degradation strategies through indias cost effective satellite and space technology.
(source: pti) president pranabmukherjee said that indian education institutions indulged in scientific research will soon reach on top.
by ptifalakata: union home minister rajnathsingh on saturday said the centre will use technology to seal the international borders of both west bengal and assam with bangladesh, through an integrated border management system.
this would be a major boost to msmes as small industries could otherwise not afford to carry out innovation or r&d activities, ram said.
modi said access in services is important for india during this review and the two sides need an agreement that reflects investment, technology and services and not just trade in goods.
prime minister narendramodi and his sri lankan counterpart ranil wickremesinghe, after their delegation level and restricted format talks, said the countries were determined to take the relationship to the next level as the two sides signed four agreements to deepen cooperation in health care and space science.
speaking to reporters, ram said as many as 4,500 services will be brought under m-governance, a major step in the field of information and technology.
terming the 10th edition of the biennial air show as the largest ever, reflecting the country's new confidence level and global interest in india, modi said the trade expo was a mega-meeting of the global supply chains, with the most advanced technology and equipment.
nirmala ram , union minister of state for commerce and industries, said the government had decided to include the medical device sector among the 25 flagship industries to boost the make in india programme and reduce imports.
delivering the keynote address at grand finale teenovators 2016, a national innovation challenge for young minds, organised by ink and manipal university here, shashitharoor said the growing faith in the innovation potentials in india to solve the problems is no real surprise.
union finance minister arun jaitley has said the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
modi said his government was committed to empowering women and spelled out a slew of schemes and measures, which are being undertaken towards it like granting 70 per cent of the rs 3 trillion mudra loans to women entrepreneurs.
we are setting up a start-up cell as a one-stop-shop to help young entrepreneurs float start-ups and guide them in launching their ventures as they will have little knowledge of corporate affairs, siddaramaiah said, flagging off the 18th edition of bangalore ite.
we have agreed to further strengthen our bilateral cooperation in defence and security, peaceful uses of atomic energy and outer space, science and technology, oil and gas, renewable energy, infrastructure development, agriculture and innovation-based sectors, naidu said.
looking at the gigantic task of covering all the areas in the country, the bankers were requested to take advantage of technology and implement the financial inclusion plan to reach about 73,000 remote villages before march 2012, pranabmukherjee said.
more programmes in vedic science should be encouraged, siddaramaiah said.
this will provide a one-stop conversion support system for empowering rural women with opportunities for employment, skill development, digital literacy, health and nutrition, arunjaitley announced.
without referring to advani's comments, arunjaitley said the media censorship is not possible today because of the technology itself.
speaking about long term policy decisions, manoharlalkhattar said that the state government was working on two schemes to make available land for entrepreneurs to set up industries and to create more sources of income for the villages.
come up with innovations that may help the world in bringing down temperatures a bit, help the humanity overcome the grave energy crisis it is likely to face if renewable and sustainable alternative sources are not found, modi told the gathering of bhu scholars and academics.
india, modi said, also wants to see a genuine global public partnership that makes clean energy affordable and provides finance and technology to developing countries to access it.
cm rues 'suppression' of intolerance debatebengaluru, jan 27, 2016, dhns: 0:17 istnoting that the development of a nation cannot be achieved through religious fundamentalism, chief minister ram has said that a country can witness growth only through scientific and technological progress and by imbibing rational thoughts.
kolkata, apr 1, 2o17 (pti) 23:37 istprime minister modi today said pitched for enhanced use of information technology to solve day-to-day problems facing the society and urged budding innovators to come out with solutions.
addressing the sebi board, jaitley also said the passage of new aadhar law would help in expanding investor base in securities market via kyc (know your client) simplification by greater use of technology.
you will need to accept that indias strengths are in providing services, people and expertise in areas like it and software, shashitharoor said.
modi said the two countries will be opening new avenues for cooperation, including in the energy sector, telecommunications and science and technology.
explaining about the memorandum of understanding inked with oklahoma university in the us, radhakrishnan said, the university will help us in setting up highly technical and latest pens to rear goats and sheep, he said.
chief minister devendra fadnavis has asked district collectors to set up camps to educate the public about the benefits of cashless economy and train them in using this mode of transaction.
we have used technology in the working of the government, which has helped bring transparency, modi says.
without taking any name, modi said, when our engineers are converting a diesel locomotive into an electric engine and rolling out semi-high speed train, some people are insulting our best scientific brains.
(express photo)power minister piyushgoyal on thursday said his ministry is experimenting with a technology, brown- out, which can provide some power backup to households in the event of a grid failure leading to blackouts.
as part of his plans for indias resurgence,modi said removal of corruption and good governance were his mantras that could turn the nation around and said technology can help eradicate corruption.
modi said the two countries will deepen their bilateral security cooperation against terrorist groups and further enhance counter-terrorism capabilities including in the area of technology.
varanasi/new delhi: in what appeared to be a dig at the opposition, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked people to give the right punishment at the right time to those who mocked the countrys first semi high-speed train, vande bharat express , and the governments make in india programme.
this will create hundreds of high-tech jobs locally and lead to a flow of cutting edge technologies to india should it be selected in the governmental helicopter tenders, said s p shukla , chairman, mahindra defence systems limited.
b'commenting on the issue of fund availability for startups, modi said the government has created a rs 10,000 crore fund.
we are excited to announce the expansion of our presence in connecticut and to create 1,000 technology jobs in the state, infosys president kumarravi said.
new delhi: advocating for cashless transactions, the prime minister modi has said that the large volumes of liquid cash are a big source of corruption and black money.
prince dhawan , director (information technology), said, it is a turning point for the city beautiful which has embarked upon its journey to become a smart city.
new delhi, dec 12, 2015 (pti) 12:46 istprime minister modi today said the 'make in india' initiative has become a movement in japan and the island nation has created a fund of about usd 12 billion for it.
the satellite will prove to be a boon in the progress of the entire (south asia) region as it will facilitate natural resources mapping, tele-medicine, information technology connectivity and people-to-people contact, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday in his mann ki baat radio programme.
the startups and entrepreneurs will be provided free space, internet, and other infrastructure at the bhamashah techno hub, said akhilarora , principal secretary, department of it and communication.
if the focus was on make in india last year, modi on saturday said the government would encourage young entrepreneurs to create a network of start-up companies covering every district of the country.
meghwal said that about  23.2 per cent of the economic activity is shadow economy and government's push to cashless transactions will widen the tax bracket.
hospitals should get cashless transaction system, says parrikarmangaluru, dec 26, 2016, dhns: 23:36 istdefence minister manoharparrikar said that a cashless system should be introduced in all government and private hospitals across the country.
addressing the 18th national conference on e-governance through twitter, modi said: i urge you to explore ways to provide as many services as possible through mobiles.
bseb chairman anandkishore said the board was in the process to acquire a de-duplication software to screen such candidates and maintain closer scrutiny.
the sister city link that began in 2012 will go a long way in strengthening collaboration between the two cities, one of which has a rich knowledge and technology-based economy, while another has a golden treasure of ancient art, culture, heritage and unique architecture, said mayor anantanarayanjena , defining bhubaneswar's transformation as a smart city in the recent past.
if one has to make economical strides, scientific advancements is a must, ram said.
s ram , chairman, tata institute of social sciences said innovation of the future would be not how much i could do alone but how one could connect to the world.
expressing solidarity with the scientific community, prime minister modi said india is proud of our scientists, and asked them to be courageous.
expressing the need to bridge the digital divide, pm modi said, we are living in the era of technology.
of the 11 major smart city projects , municipal commissioner mukeshkumar said, three have already been implemented.
interacting with beneficiaries of the various digital india efforts, modi said the initiative was launched with an objective of bringing benefits of technology to people, especially in rural areas.
he also said that after prime minister modi announced the make in india campaign, there is healthy competition among states, which is a good sign.
modi said the poorest should also have access to science and technology.
by giving them all the pro-poor subsidies and benefits we have saved rs 36,000 crore in the last one year because of application of digital technologies, prasad said addressing the inauguration of india international trade fair in the national capital.
new delhi: internet of things and new technologies are a deadly combination and will play an important role in the growth of his state, said n naidu , chief minister, andhra pradesh.
seeking deeper economic engagement, modi said indias capacities in trade, investments, information and communication technology, space, agriculture, health care, small and medium scale industry can bring wide spread economic benefit to the sco countries.
assam chief minister sarbanandasonowal , who attended the just concluded fair, said people have a lot to learn from these practices of the tiwas which exemplify the cashless tenets of the modern day society.
it's a matter of great happiness for me that today, you are working in an even larger number in india, modi said while addressing 'make in india: india-japan partnership in africa and digital partnership' seminar in tokyo on monday.
as more and more transactions become cashless, it will improve the transparency of the economy, pranabmukherjee said.
president park and i see vast opportunities for korean companies to participate in our 'make in india' mission, modi said and invited korean investments in areas like ship building, including lng tankers, besides defence equipment.
innovation bazaars' planned to encourage budding entrepreneursbengaluru, feb 25, 2016, dhns: 0:56 istthe department of biotechnology (dbt) and niti aayog are envisaging 'innovation bazaars' to mentor budding entrepreneurs, said k vijay ram , secretary of biotechnology department, ministry of science and technology.
the new schemes based on new technology will bring transparency into the services, nitishkumar said.
from sellers, foreign firms must turn into strategic partners and use india as part of their global supply chain, modi said at the inaugural ceremony of the aero india trade expo in this tech hub.
re-engineering can help poor benefit from solar energy'july 17, 2016, bengaluru, dhns 1:42 istthere is a lot of re-engineering that needs to be done to help the poor reap benefits from solar energy, says k ram , former ceo, tata bp solar.
make in india' happening in karnataka: siddaramaiahbengaluru, jan 7, 2016, (ians) 13:45 istchief minister siddaramaiah has said that make in india is happening in karnataka, citing the investments the state has attracted.
by giving them all the pro-poor subsidies and benefits we have saved rs 36,000 crore in the last one year because of application of digital technologies, ravi shankar prasad said.
reiterating the need to move towards a cashless economy, modi said once black money is eliminated from the system, it is essential to ensure that fresh black money is not generated.
partner with india, modi urges foreign defence firmsbengaluru, feb 18, 2015 (ians): 19:28 istfrom being just sellers of defence equipment, foreign firms must evolve into strategic partners as india wants their technology, skills, systems integration and manufacturing strength, prime minister modi said here wednesday.
committed to facilitate bhutans development through the use of space technology, modi said india will enhance the communication, public broadcasting and disaster management coverage in bhutan.
for india it has become mandatory for future generations to bring forth innovation which are cheap, good and also easily adaptable by common people and if we are able to do this, billions of people will be able to adopt it, modi said.
new york, press trust of india, may 3 2017, 10:12 istacknowledging that apple is underpenetrated in india, ceo timcook has said the us tech giant is strengthening its local presence in the country and is optimistic about its future given the fast-growing economy and improving 4g network infrastructure in the country.
why shouldnt we make use of this technology if it helps us catch tax evaders, arunjaitley asked during his reply to the debate on finance bill, which was passed in the evening.
for our part, the united states continues to look at our export controls to make sure indian companies have the same access to american technology as our closest allies, barackobama told pti in a wide-ranging interview.
this the era of artificial intelligence andcannot lag behind, modi said as he appreciated yuva morcha workers for increasing the importance of technology within the organisation.
one of the key objectives should be to work towards technology penetration  for instance, electricity and mobile phone reach  in the tribal areas, modi said.
the us is a vital partner for our national development, with rich possibilities of partnership in education, skills, research, technology and innovation, and an enabler for india in economic growth and national security, modi said.
mahesh ram , an official with indore smart city development ltd said that these lots would work on hydraulic system with multiple levels to accommodate maximum vehicles in limited space.
in a bid to promote digital transactions, modi said, for entrepreneurs dealing in such transaction, tax will be calculated at 6 per cent, not 8.
i am pleased that six years after we signed our bilateral agreement, we are moving towards commercial cooperation, consistent with our law, our international legal obligations, and technical and commercial viability, modi said.
now, we will have to look for technological solutions, modi said.
the technology has undergone a drastic transformation in the last 20 years, modi said adding the aspirations of the youths have to be kept in mind in this era.
arguing the state's case further, amarindersingh said with the establishment of tissue culture and aeroponic technology at the centre of excellence for potato, at dhogri in jalandhar, the whole seed potato producing area in the state shall come under certified seed potato in the coming 4-5 years.
chief minister capt amarindersingh has already announced his governments intent to canalise all rivers of the state with technical support from the world bank and asian development bank to realign river streams and courses, besides strengthening and widening of embankments for a permanent solution.
shedding the shackles of mediocrity is the key challenge for the iit system and iitians in the 21st century, president pranabmukherjee said on saturday at the 44th convocation of the indian institute of technology,delhi.
thiruvananthapuram: mp shashitharoor asked the corporation to adopt of time-tested projects and technologies for an effective solid waste management system in the state capital.
chief minister modi on monday said that after establishing vadodara as an engineering hub,his government is all set to develop the area as a new hub of defence engineering.
digital india has checked black money and black marketing and uprooted middlemen, modi said.
japan interested in bangalore-mysore bullet train project: siddubangalore, sept 16, 2013, (pti) 18:00 istjapan has evinced interest in funding and sharing technology in a bullet train project in karnataka, chief minister ram said here today.
modi said this time, the scheme has got wide acceptability because it has been made quite extensive and easy and involves use of technology.
with the hi-tech research institute equipped with a state-of-the-art laboratory, a significant step had been taken in that direction, modi said, addressing a gathering after the inauguration.
modi said he and merkel will chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment, security and counter-terrorism, innovation and science and technology, skill development, urban infrastructure, railways and civil aviation, clean energy, development cooperation, health and alternative medicine.
modi also said that sweden has been a strong partner in indias make in india mission.
modi said that he and merkel will chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment, security and counter-terrorism, innovation and science and technology, skill development, urban infrastructure, railways and civil aviation, clean energy, development cooperation, health and alternative medicine.
delivering the eighth annual richard h sabot lecture 'technology to leapfrog development: the aadhaar experience' organised by center for global development - a washington- based think-tank, nilekani said uidai has leveraged the state of the art technology of the present days to provide unique identification number to every resident of the country.
prominent sectors like engineering, automotive, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, retail, shipping/marine are showing increased recruitment activity, modi said.
it would also help in direct and indirect employment generation avenues in and around the city, said mayor anantanarayanjena , adding that bhubaneswar had gained prominence especially after winning the smart city challenge in 2016.
we have taken opinion of scientific community and considered interest of farming community in allowing their use, he said.
prime minister modi announced several indian initiatives in the area of nuclear security and non-proliferation, including countering nuclear smuggling and use of technology to prevent nuclear terrorism.
seeking to rope in youngsters to promote cashless transactions, modi said for every person introduced to the bhim app, one will get a cashback of rs 10.
the focus will be on young entrepreneurs with innovative ideas, ram said.
56 pm: calling for a strong india-france relations, pm modi said,be it trade and technology, innovation and investment, energy, education and enterprise, we want to give a boost to india-france ties.
every belief professes humanitarian values, modi said, adding that he envisages a future where muslim youth are taught the humanitarian message of islam along with modern scientific and technological developments.
coming back to demonetisation, modi said that cashless would take india step-by-step, slowly in the direction of a clean economy.
modi said,l&t also displayed social responsibility during the 2006 floods when its employees helped people in surat with various technical equipment to remove debris and clear main roads.
two years ago, india made a promise - a promise to extend advanced space technology for the cause of growth and prosperity of our brothers and sisters in south asia, modi told the leaders of the other participating nations in a televised video-conference, also attended from sriharikota by scientists from the indian space research organisation (isro).
speaking on the occasion, ram said that telangana is a fast growing start up state which encourages innovation and entrepreneurship to make hyderabad a major global destination.
prime minister modi on friday said the opposition was frustrated over repeated electoral defeats and was spreading lies about the bjp-led government, and asked party mps to counter the lies using technology and by working among the people.
use science to overcome obscurantism, says ansaribengaluru, may 22, 2015, dhns: 1:02 istvice-president hamidansari on friday said promotion and embedding of science and scientific temper is a constitutional duty, besides being a moral one for a modern nation.
prime minister modi who inaugurated the defexpo on thursday said that new and emerging technologies like artificial intelligence and robotics are most important determinants of defensive andoffensive capabilities and india, with its leadership in information technology domain, would strive to use this technology tilt to its advantage.
(file)prime minister narendramodi today said the government is taking several steps to promote young entrepreneurs in the country, adding that startups are no longer confined to big cities.
sonowal said cashless payments have the potential to root out corruption from the system and urged the citizens to adopt cashless transactions as a way of life.
emphasising that the centre wanted to empower the states with finances, technology and knowledge so that they are able to plan better and execute even better, modi said the cabinet resolution setting up niti aayog provides for appointment of regional councils with specific mandates for specific time periods.
in the budget for 2017-18, finance minister arunjaitley said a digigaon initiative will be launched to provide tele-medicine, education and skills through digital technology.
the central government is working to increase speed of trains and also striving to bring in global technology to make railways safer, as safety is of greatest concern, modi said.
asia's richest man for industrial parks in indianew delhi: june 11, 2015, dhns 0:10 istkeen to ensure that his make-in-india campaign delivers, prime minister narendramodi has asked wang jianlin  the richest man of asia  to expeditiously implement his dalian wanda groups mega-investment plans in india and launch the first project by 2017.
referring to his government's ambitious make in india initiative, modi said 37 of the indian warships participating the fleet review were made in india and their numbers will surely rise.
new delhi: advocating cashless transactions, prime minister modi on friday said large volumes of liquid cash are a big source of corruption and black money.
ram said that a digital mammography provides electronic images of the breasts, which can be enhanced by computer technology, stored on computers, and even transmitted electronically in situations where remote access to the mammogram is required.
inaugurating the five-day namami brahmaputra festival organised by sarbananda sonowals bjp-led government, president pranabmukherjee also said this was the time that adequate infrastructure backed by appropriate technology was built up to make assam the hub of indias act east policy.
while some analysts have said the plans will raise infosyss cost burden and impact its margins, deputy chief operating officer kumarravi said it would make indias second-biggest software services company nimbler.
addressing the dexschool students at the graduation ceremony on tuesday, modi said, we need good leaders in science and technology, education, medicine and other fields.
this the era of artificial intelligence and india cannot lag behind, modi said as he appreciated yuva morcha workers for increasing the importance of technology within the organisation.
aadhaar example of using technology to leapfrog: nilekanimelbourne, oct 16, 2013, (pti) : 9:29 istaadhaar project is an example ofusingmodern technology to leapfrog for future development and transformation of a country, uidai chairman nandan nilekani has said.
citing chinas ascendancy as the second largest economy in the world largely on its success in science and technology, modi said equal attention has been given to r&d in make in india campaign.
prof v s ram , former secretary, department of science & technology (dst) and former director of nias, said, innovation in social sciences and economics are critical in order to take the innovations in science and technology to the common man.
drawing an analogy between good administration and influence of science, ram said, a good governance guards people from their worst instincts and the process of science protects people from bias and irrationality.
chief minister narendramodi on monday said that after establishing vadodara as an engineering hub,his government is all set to develop the area as a new hub of defence engineering.
the satellite will prove to be a boon in the progress of the entire (south asia) region as it will facilitate natural resources mapping, tele-medicine, information technology connectivity and people-to-people contact, prime minister modi said on sunday in his mann ki baat radio programme.
chief minister prithvirajchavan on friday said the state should be driven by information technology (it) to help it fuel a high growth rate.
modi also said 40 new all india institute of medical sciences were being set up with focus on oncology and its various aspects.
last year, prime minister narendramodi had said that in ancient times, india had opened new frontiers in the field of science.
modi said e-governance is an essential part of his digital india project.
pti photothe centre will upgrade one lakh madrassas in the country with state-of-art technology to provide better schooling to muslim community, union minister mukhtarabbasnaqvi has said.
read: gst will reflect spirit of one nation, one aspiration: top 10 points from pm modis niti aayog meethere are the highlights:6:22 pm: use of technologies such as bhim, aadhaar would result in significant savings for states, says pm modi6:18 pm: states should use govt e-marketplace to reduce corruption, increase transparency in govt procurement: pm modi6:10 pm: pm modi asks states, local govts, ngos to decide goals for 2022 and work in mission mode to achieve them.
(express archive)skill development training can promote economically self-reliant entrepreneurs and beat unemployment through job creation in diverse sectors, including agriculture and industries, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday interacting with iti students.
nagpur: educating students and farmers on innovations that are taking place in the world are of utmost importance as the agriculture sector is in total disarray mainly due to lack of coordination and flexibility between the central and state agencies which give advise on various issues, said s ram , former director of tata institute of social sciences, mumbai, on friday.
invoking former president dr apj abdul kalam, modi said that the future is going to be technology driven and we needed to embrace it.
we have been able to achieve this speed and scale due to our multiple registrar model, as well as scalable technical architecture, uidai chairman nandan nilekani said.
highlighting the efforts being made towards combating land degradation and climate change, modi said india takes pride in using remote sensing and space technology for multiple applications, including land restoration and it will be happy to help friendly countries develop land restoration strategies through cost effective satellite technology.
defence food lab should work for farmers'mysuru, may 8, 2016, dhns: 23:57 istunion defence minister manoharparrikar on sunday said he has directed the defence food research laboratory (dfrl) authorities to utilise their technical skills for the benefit of local farmers and producers to increase their economic status.
while announcing the collaboration, microsoft ceo satyanadella said that this was a move towards empowering every indian organisation with technology.
microsoft ceo satyanadella said technology companies need to be able to recruit talent from abroad when necessary.
they have invited me to have a look at the technology and actual process used for generating power out of waste, so that it may be replicated in karnataka, siddaramaiah said.
providing state-of-the-art facilities free of cost to start-ups will give a jump-start to entrepreneurs of rajasthan and enable them to prove their mettle to be leaders not just in india, but across the world, said akhilarora , principal secretary of the state department of information technology and communication.
in his address at the inaugural session of the third india-africa forum summit (iafs), modi said the world was undergoing political, economic, technological and security transition on a scale and speed rarely seen in recent history and yet the global institutions reflected the circumstances of the century that we left behind.
use space technology for social good'september 26, 2015, bengaluru, dhns 1:47 istindian space research organisation (isro) chairman a s kirankumar said there is a need to use space technology for social good and development.
varanasi/new delhi: in what appeared to be a dig at the opposition, prime minister modi on tuesday asked people to give the right punishment at the right time to those who mocked the countrys first semi high-speed train, vande bharat express , and the governments make in india programme.
speaking at the event, siddaramaiah said, these days, fewer students are taking up pure science.
fast changing technologies like digitalisation and climate change pose a challenge to the current as well as future generations, modi said.
matching such state-of-the-art systems could be a technological nightmare for indian counterparts," mohan said.
in her speech, smritiirani said that modern science depends on empirical evidence and asked heads of technological institutions to provide research to back the claims related to the benefits of yoga.
recalling how the heavy monsoons this year had ruined arecanut crops in the coastal region, siddaramaiah said that the scientists from university of agriculture sciences must come up with innovative technologies.
asserting that every issue related to the construction of the project was being executed based on clearances given by technical committees, babu project authority, central water commission and as per the designs prepared by engineers and experts, babu said that the so-called intellectuals should know all these issues.
ridiculing the make in india campaign, gandhi said, the babbar sher (mascot of make in india campaign) does not squeak even like a mouse.
this is not correct as postal services would continue to be in step with the times and render services in tandem with the new technology, gandhi said.
also, more than 150 acres of the marshland is encroached by central government buildings  mass rapid transit system, national institute of ocean technology, centre for wind energy technology  it parks and residential buildings, senior counsel and amicus p s ram said in his report.
modiji brags about start-up india and make in india, but he can give jobs to only one lakh youth a year in the country which is about 450 jobs a day, gandhi said.
either you fix such technical problems or do not stop funds citing such lame excuses, mamatabanerjee said.
prahlad modi , the younger brother of the prime minister, said the software was not working properly at several shops, forcing beneficiaries to return empty-handed.
new delhi, nov 2, 2016, pti: 21:43 istprime minister modi today said credibility is the biggest challenge for media in the age of technology and it is important for media establishments to maintain it.
parliamentary secretary parmeswar ram said the present day world was dependent on information technology but the people of btc were lagging behind in this sector.
reminiscing his efforts to bring the e-governance in the united andhra pradesh, babu said that unless there was new thinking, planning and execution, there would not be any progress in any sector.
technology can never replace people-to-people contact between the government and the people and women are best suited to that role, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday.
we can make a law against superstition but they can be removed only if people develop scientific temper, siddaramaiah said.
the upa legislation, arunjaitley said, was inadequate as it did not contain adequate safeguards on privacy and did not mention for which purpose the uid would be used.
these websites and companies extending these unauthorised services, tantamount to violation under information technology act 2000, section 38 of aadhaar act 2016, and section 409 (criminal breach of trust) and section 420 (cheating) of ipc, according to uidai.
berlin: chancellor angelamerkel says she only found out about volkswagen's use of software to cheat on emissions through the media.
if on one hand, we go around saying make in india, startup india and digital india and want to attract foreign investors, we can't do so if we are condoning hatred in india at the same time, shashitharoor said in reference to the flagship schemes launched by the narendra modi-led government.
we may rather go for endosulfan than making use of genetic engineering, said dr nagar , head, scms institute of bio-technology, kochi.
to a question on funding for science in india and west, especially uk, ram said, india still lags behind in tapping corporate funds and charity support in research in the area of basic science.
enacting this law before bringing in a robust data protection law will have a bearing on the right to privacy, shashitharoor said.
speaking at the event, ram said, these days, fewer students are taking up pure science.
addressing a press conference after his tour, ram said there was no dearth of technical experts but what was lacking was quality and dedication in execution of development projects.
expressing serious concern over reports of failure of evms at several places across the state, naidu said he had been saying right from the beginning that evms were unreliable as they were prone to technical glitches.
speaking at the meeting of group of ministers (gom) on the information-technology related issues of gst in bengaluru on saturday, telangana finance minister eatala rajender said the details of gst tax payers, particularly of those who have filed returns, were not accessible to states now.
rajesh jain , one of the builders of arihant arden society, said that the process of changing the transformer is facing a delay due to technical issues.
do we look at the new evolving technologies from a position of suspect, smritiirani asked, or do we look at it from a position of opportunity, from a position of consolidation or further expansion.
reacting to this development, former chief minister omarabdullah said, the irony of listening to prime minister (narendra) modi lecturing about connected digital india while we are totally disconnected.
(source: express photo by oinam anand)technology, pranabmukherjee said, has opened the floodgates to the deluge of one-way unfiltered communication by the privileged to those who are less so.
you cannot stake a claim to the benefits and at the same time be unwilling to shed privacy concerns, he said.
speaking at the inauguration of college of horticulture and laying the foundation stone for student hostels on the university of agriculture sciences campus on ballari road, siddaramaiah said: agriculture universities, which came into being to help develop the agriculture sector, have failed to protect the interests of farmers.
taking a step forward towards the development of kalyan-dombivli as a smart city and unveiled the governments plan, chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said, smart cities cannot be a reality unless it is adequately backed by smart planning.
but banks are also hiring experts to develop firewalls around their system to make it increasingly difficult to breach it, arunjaitley said, adding that technology has to keep pace with crime.
further explaining his stand against demonetisation, the former union minister said, 80 per cent transactions in germany and austria is cash-based, in australia it is 60 per cent, canada 56 per cent and us 46 per cent, and prime minister modi says india will go 100 per cent cashless.
modi said those opposing evms are not only opposed to evms, they have problems with technology, digital transactions, aadhaar, gst, bhim app.
we can make a law against superstition but they can be removed only if people develop scientific temper, ram said.
our defence mechanisms would be the best in the world, modi said, referring to delays in procurement and complaints that the armed forces were using outdated technology.
kalimpong: the centre is eager to accord tribal status to the 11 gorkha communities, but some technical problems are holding it back for now, union tribal affairs minister ram said here today.
new delhi, nov 2, 2016, pti: 21:43 istprime minister narendramodi today said credibility is the biggest challenge for media in the age of technology and it is important for media establishments to maintain it.
the centre has appointed a group of n ministers to look into the technical snag.
claiming that he had obtained documents on the encroachments through rti over the last six months, ram said, i have evidence that 2,300 high-rise complexes which include shopping malls, tech parks, hotels and hospitals were built on storm water drains and ecologically sensitive areas.
new delhi: the indian it industry will have to step up on innovation amid challenges like need for new products, digital disruption and shrinking manpower requirements triggered by software automation, vice president hamidansari said on saturday while inaugurating the new headquarters of the national association of software services companies in noida.
pm modi said those opposing evms are not only opposed to evms, they have problems with technology, digital transactions, aadhaar, gst, bhim app.
mustard is an important crop for states like bihar and we'll not be able to escape the consequences of the technology, nitishkumar said on the use of transgenic mustard.
modi said the association wanted the software currently being used to operate the annapurna yojana at fair price shops to be replaced as it has many technical glitches.
it is the same as encouraging cashless initiatives without creating infrastructure post-demonetisation and recalling old notes without calibrating atms, said jamshedpur petroleum dealers association general secretary rajivkumar and owner of an hp fuel outlet in sakchi.
cautioning people against gm crops, nitishkumar said, now, they are talking about technology.
when a student asked how the governments digital india programme would succeed when several parts of the country were facing shortage in electricity, modi said it was a dream to see 24x7 power supply across the country by 2022.
in a series of tweets, vijaymallya said the prime minister advocates about the use of technology while the enforcement agencies dont take his words seriously and refuse to use technology.
in a much-anticipated speech that ranged from broad principles to technical details, barackobama said he would end the vast collection of phone data as it exists today.
shivamogga: societies cant develop unless citizens let go of superstition and develop scientific temper, said chief minister siddaramaiah.
lets assume there is no aadhaar but some information that is contained in some network gets hacked or gets leaked, that is because of the technology used there, jaitley said.
gandhi said not a single person has benefitted by the prime ministers promises of controlling inflation, depositing rs. 15 lakh in the accounts of each citizen and upgrading certain towns to smart city.
addressing a press conference after his tour, siddaramaiah said there was no dearth of technical experts but what was lacking was quality and dedication in execution of development projects.
still, we should protect at least 10  of the traditional system of learning like books and newspapers, nitishkumar said after inaugurating the new campus of national institute of electronics and information technology ( nielit ) at amhara near bihta in patna district.
but now, the government is forcing us to go cashless, said ram , a vendor in shivajinagar.
danish ashraf , nodal officer for smart city mission and sdm (east), said, people are coming up with complaints, problems, suggestions and ideas but till now, we have not received any idea from residents welfare associations.
india woke up late on start-ups, says pranabnew delhi, jan 17, 2016, dhns: 1:18 ista day before the launch of start up india initiative, president pranabmukherjee said india has woken up too late on encouraging new entrepreneurs and owned up responsibility for the delay, noting that he had been a finance minister earlier.
to another query on most of the scientific advancements not reaching common man, ram said it is the same across the board including western countries.
liberalised use/technology neutrality is enshrined in our licences and there is simply no justification for us to pay an auction-discovered price for the permission to do what we are already entitled to, said t.v. ram , resident director (regulatory affairs) of vodafone india.
gandhi said that in parliament he had asked modi four questions on his promises of bringing back black money and depositing rs 15 lakh in everybody's bank account, the recent budget proposal of turning black money to white, rohith vemula's suicide, kanhaiya kumar and jnu and finally about the number of youths employed as a result of his 'make in india' scheme.
meeting the expectations of these 21st century entrepreneurs is a challenging job, pranabmukherjee said.
prof kirankumar , educationist and former executive council member, visvesvaraya technological university, says that one of the main reasons for the state institutions' poor grading is due to the fact that institutions do not understand education compliance.
k n ram , special officer (technical), oceo, karnataka, said, during the election period, most of the time, the lines were busy because of so many calls.
if on one hand, we go around saying make in india, startup india and digital india and want to attract foreigninvestors, we cant do so if we are condoning hatred in india at the same time, shashitharoor said in reference to the flagship schemes launched by the narendra modi-led government.
cashless economyon the governments move to push for a digital, cashless economy, ram said across the world people are moving towards cash and its the opposite in india.
hitting out hard at the centre, gandhi said first the government offered sops to push people to use debit/credit cards and when the people started using more of cashless means, now lack of coordination with banks and their policies is forcing petrol pump owners to adopt these drastic steps.
releasing a half-term progress report of the projects he had undertaken as thiruvananthapuram's mp, shashitharoor said the corporation could have sought the technical assistance of barcelona, if the cpm-led local self-government institution had taken a receptive attitude towards the twin city project proposed by him.
speaking at the inauguration of college of horticulture and laying the foundation stone for student hostels on the university of agriculture sciences campus on ballari road, ram said: agriculture universities, which came into being to help develop the agriculture sector, have failed to protect the interests of farmers.
advocating reforms in bureaucracy, modi said there is a need to give impetus to reforms and technology as the day is not far when the world will look at m-governance or mobile governance.
talking about social media, prime minister modi said, the example of breaking, addition, and twisting of technology is being seen in the form of social media.
the government proposes to formulate a new education policy aimed at meeting the challenges posed by lack of quality, research and innovation in our educational institutions, smritiirani said.
banks should give priority to the poor, who promptly repay loans, and loans given to rich entrepreneurs many a time have been declared non-performing assets, siddaramaiah said.
while ram had said that the motivation of his paper was not political and was focused on technical aspects, the eac note said, given the fact that his paper lacks rigour in terms of specific data sources and description; alternative hypothesis; rationale of equation specifications, use of dummies, and robustness-check diagnostics of estimated equations; and choice of countries in the sample and a specific list; it would not stand the scrutiny of academic or policy research standards.
by ptinew delhi: hitting back at rahul gandhi over his dig at the make in india programme after vande bharat train experienced trouble during its initial run, union minister piyushgoyal said the congress president has insulted india's intelligence and hard work by mocking the initiative.
(source: pti)bihar chief minister nitishkumar on friday said the centres advocacy of cashless economy is possible only when there is a bank branch in every panchayat and space will be provided to start new banks in panchayat bhawans in the state.
smart card technology is that it can only be read by someone who actually has a card reading device.
we've also seen intellectual property, technologies that were created by us companies, with a lot of investment, a lot of up-front capital, taken, not protected properly, by chinese firms, barackobama said.
berlin: chancellor angelamerkel says she only found out about volkswagen's use of software to cheat on emissions through the media.
gandhi said the 'make in india' scheme of the government has failed to create jobs or attract investment and unemployment was rampant.
speaking about the poor innovation in india, gandhi said there was a lack of funding.
today, we misuse technology and kill girls in the womb of the mother, modi said, adding that the damage being done through generations would take another two to three generations to be rectified.
ridiculing the idea of cashless economy, ram said nowhere in the world has such kind of economy been fully implemented.
i had written to the union minister of environment and forests in january saying that interested parties who failed to win the confidence of farmers (on transgenic crops) are now pushing the technology through public institutions, nitishkumar said.
b'kerala chief minister oommenchandy today said the state had failed to capitalise on the advantages of information technology and hoped by march this year the e-governance project would be completed.
when modi asked the country to try out digital payments following the governments demonetisation move, kumar took on the cudgels to make palnar cashless.
the software sometimes fails to read fingerprints and aadhaar card details of beneficiaries, forcing them to return without their monthly quota of subsidised foodgrain, modi said.
stating that the make in india concept as it stands today talks only of a platform, manoharparrikar said, i don't understand why only platforms.
m ram , tjac chief, said, the federation collected information which confirms that even after constant demands, government is yet to reimburse about rs 4,500 crore fee dues to private colleges which include intermediate, degree, engineering and pharmacy colleges.
a lot of work is being carried out in it sector across the country, but the minister, who is from bihar, should give special attention to bihar and speed up pending projects in the state, nitishkumar said after inaugurating the national institute of electronics & information technology's (nielit)'s new campus at bihta, 40km west of patna.
raining his guns on singh, modi said that if the former prime minister was talking about the country where 50 per cent of the population was poor and that it wont be easy to integrate technology easily across the board, was it a reflection of his governments performance or mine?
according to t v ram of the centre for ecological sciences, iisc, which gives guidelines in bringing out pbr for the state, said, lack of knowledge on the importance of biodiversity information can be the main reason restricting local self governments to set up bmcs and bringing out pbr for each panchayats.
at a colourful ceremony, which included a presentation of india's indigenous martial art forms, dances and sports, modi said technology has contributed to a sedentary lifestyle.
earlier, senior advisor to ministry of earth sciences, ram said data from the indian network was rejected till 2007-08 by global weather numerical prediction centres due to its errors because of its non-gps systems.
by ptinew delhi: financial services secretary rajivkumar said today that public sector banks (psbs) have been given a 15-day deadline to take pre-emptive action for identifying gaps and to gear up for rising operational and technical risks, as the scam in the pnb widened to rs 12,700 crore.
on the day when the government launched the startup india campaign, gandhi said there is a huge contradiction that the centre was attempting to push start-ups while being intolerant.
only favouritism and corruption have been seen in the last five years, says k ram , an entrepreneur from puducherry.
modi said that at a time when major powers are reducing their troop strength and relying more on technology, india is still constantly seeking to expand the size of its forces.
modi said reforming the citizen-government interface and the processes of governance, innovation and keeping pace with the latest technology were challenges before the government.
expressing serious concern over reports of failure of evms at several places across the state, babu said he had been saying right from the beginning that evms were unreliable as they were prone to technical glitches.
retired town planner ram said: the challenge of achieving the target of getting selected for smart city category is colossal.
technological progress without an equivalent progress in human institutions can doom us, barackobama said, adding that such technology requires a moral revolution as well.
taking on the opposition and accusing it of misguiding people over cashless transactions, modi said that while on one hand they claimed that rajiv brought about the telecom revolution, on the other they contradict themselves by saying that their countrymen dont have means for cashless transactions.
in his address, pranabmukherjee said that demonetisation has resulted in the temporary slowdown of the economy but as more and more transactions become cashless, it will improve the transparency of the economy.
however, g ram , one of the acting md of kitco, the consultants for the project, told express that the problem was caused due to the use of a new technology deck continuity, which is used in many parts in north india with good results.
the congress,during 40 years rule in gujarat,did not open a single school with science stream in the tribal areas, modi said,adding that the bjp government had started science stream higher secondary schools in these areas to enable tribal youths become doctors and engineers.
picture by sachinpatna: chief minister nitishkumar on saturday said scientific investigation techniques were necessary for the police to detect crime, but also batted for continuing with traditional investigation methods.
meanwhile, municipal commissioner dineshwaghmare said, e-governance is atop of civic bodys agendawe will certainly be going digital, but in a phased manner.
(pti)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday that youths wanted to be entrepreneurs and not job-seekers, attempting to defend his government over opposition criticism for lack of employment and seeking to woo the middle class by claiming to have ushered in ease of living.
in these days of high technological advancements, authorities should ensure a more secure and fool-proof system while conducting such recruitment examinations, says madan.
airlines at one point of time were considered elitist, now its not and there are multiple people who (travel by air)we will do nothing to discourage innovation but whatever is accepted by the regulator has to have a reason, ram said.
noting that india has missed the bus because of its conventional thinking when it came to industrial and technology revolutions, arunjaitley said indians have now become aspirational, which is putting pressure on politicians to support reforms initiatives.
taking on the opposition and accusing it of misguiding people over cashless transactions, modi said that while on one hand they claimed that rajiv brought about the telecom revolution, on the other they contradict themselves by saying that their countrymen dont have means for cashless transactions.
in his address, pranabmukherjee said that demonetisation has resulted in the temporary slowdown of the economy but as more and more transactions become cashless, it will improve the transparency of the economy.
however, g ram , one of the acting md of kitco, the consultants for the project, told express that the problem was caused due to the use of a new technology deck continuity, which is used in many parts in north india with good results.
the congress,during 40 years rule in gujarat,did not open a single school with science stream in the tribal areas, modi said,adding that the bjp government had started science stream higher secondary schools in these areas to enable tribal youths become doctors and engineers.
picture by sachinpatna: chief minister nitishkumar on saturday said scientific investigation techniques were necessary for the police to detect crime, but also batted for continuing with traditional investigation methods.
meanwhile, municipal commissioner dineshwaghmare said, e-governance is atop of civic bodys agendawe will certainly be going digital, but in a phased manner.
(pti)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday that youths wanted to be entrepreneurs and not job-seekers, attempting to defend his government over opposition criticism for lack of employment and seeking to woo the middle class by claiming to have ushered in ease of living.
in these days of high technological advancements, authorities should ensure a more secure and fool-proof system while conducting such recruitment examinations, says madan.
airlines at one point of time were considered elitist, now its not and there are multiple people who (travel by air)we will do nothing to discourage innovation but whatever is accepted by the regulator has to have a reason, ram said.
noting that india has missed the bus because of its conventional thinking when it came to industrial and technology revolutions, arunjaitley said indians have now become aspirational, which is putting pressure on politicians to support reforms initiatives.
