;;-0.7876;;the sena had later joined the state government, led by the bjps devendrafadnavis , but has been bitterly critical of the narendra modi regime at the centre.
;;-0.5216;;29 (pti): chief minister devendrafadnavis today said former mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria had stated peter mukerjea was not guilty in the sheena bora murder case.
;;-0.0258;;31 (pti): the indian army will help build a new foot overbridge at the elphinstone road station by january 31, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on tuesday as union ministers nirmala sitharaman and piyush goyal visited the station, where a deadly stampede took place last month.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday announced that the state government would follow the tamil nadu model to provide a 16 per cent quota to the maratha community in education and government jobs telegraph file picturemaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday announced that the state government would follow the tamil nadu model to provide a 16 per cent quota to the maratha community in education and government jobs.
;;0.2732;;we have agreed to set up a committee to allot agricultural land to tribals provided they submit proof of pre-2005 land cultivation, chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.3182;;chief minister devendrafadnavis must act fast or a befitting reply will be given for sure, he said.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis met paswan here to push for a hike in duty which would enable the farmers to get a higher price.
;;-0.25;;pti picturemumbai, mar 20 (agencies): railway authorities have begun talks with apprentice-students whose agitation for jobs threw the citys suburban services out of gear on tuesday, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis told the legislative assembly.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has consented to be the chief guest.
;;0.836;;during a rally, sena chief uddhav thackeray played an audio clip wherein chief minister devendrafadnavis purportedly exhorted the party cadre to win the elections by all means possible.
;;0.0;;2: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today allocated portfolios to his ministers without waiting for the alliance negotiations with the shiv sena to conclude.
;;-0.5267;;my government is firmly behind the farmers in distress in parts of maharashtra and a total of rs 7,000 crore would be spent to tackle it, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced in the assembly, replying to a debate on the biting scarcity in many of the state's 48,000 villages.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has started calling the disgruntled among our legislators, a congress politician said from mumbai.
