;;0.0516;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: even as the civic standing committee a few days ago gave its nod to the bmc administration to increase water charges in the city by 2.
;;0.0;;48 per cent, it has come to light that as many as 18 maharashtra state ministers including the chief minister devendrafadnavis have not paid their water bills over the past several years.
;;-0.1531;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a push to various development projects and government schemes in the naxalite affected gadchiroli district following a review meeting at vidhan bhavan on wednesday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , mayor nanda jichkar , home secretary shrikant singh pradhan, adg (prisons) bhushan kumar upadhyay and deputy inspector general of prisons (east) yogesh desai inaugurated the event.
;;0.4404;;pune: chief minister devendrafadnavis called pune the next growth engine after signing a memorandum of understanding ( mou ) with the singapore government on wednesday to draw up a development plan for pune metropolitan region development authority ( pmrda ).
;;0.3167;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday announced that the state cabinet would give one more chance to farmers who could not submit their loan waiver application.
;;0.4404;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis waves at his supporters during 'mahajanadesh yatra' at islampur i.
;;-0.4404;;read morekolhapur: swabhimani shetkari sanghtana (sss) workers tried to block the chief minister devendrafadnavis convoy by pelting the vehicles with eggs and releasing hens of the kadaknath breed on the road in sangli on monday.
;;-0.0516;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, this is a serious matter.
;;-0.743;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed an inquiry after a resident from saki naka slums complained that his sister's house was declared illegal and demolished despite the structure having all necessary permissions.
;;0.0;;devendra fadnavisdownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: cm devendrafadnavis will finally reshuffle his cabinet on sunday, a day before the state legislatures monsoon session begins and four months before the assembly elections are to be held.
;;0.6908;;sarangkheda (nandurbar); chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday visited the famous chetak festival here, one of the oldest horse festivals in asia.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari will unveil the plague of the new building at 4.
;;0.4404;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari on saturday performed e-bhoomipuja of 13 works collectively valued at over rs367.
;;0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis in 2016 announced setting up a committee to ensure equitable water distribution for the region coming under jurisdiction of the bmc.
;;-0.128;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday slammed opposition parties for blaming electronic voting machines (evms) for poll reverses, claiming voters have only prime minister narendra modi in mind.
;;0.0;;last week, paediatrician and the director of thalassaemia and sickle cell centre, nagpur, dr vinky rughwani met chief minister devendrafadnavis and submitted a memorandum requesting him to make provisions for the patients so that they can get a certificate of being differently abled.
;;0.0;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis is likely to reshuffle the state cabinet before the monsoon session of the maharashtra legislature , which begins in nagpur from july 4.
;;-0.5423;;pimpri chinchwad: chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed the pimpri chinchwad municipal corporation ( pcmc ) to stop the work order for the civic contracts for door-to-door collection, transportation and dumping of garbage at the moshi depot.
;;0.0;;so, we expect chief minister devendrafadnavis to inaugurate the trolley.
;;0.0;;cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday shifted more than a dozen ias officers of the rank of collector and zilla parishad chief executive officer.
;;0.2732;;pimpri chinchwad: chief minister devendrafadnavis has urged municipal commissioner shravan hardikar to form a technical committee to create a revised development plan (dp) of the old city areas.
;;-0.25;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday termed lynching as an inhuman act and called for stern action against perpetrators of such crimes.
;;0.0772;;bjp mla devendrafadnavis defended the bjym's action warning the ministers that it would continue until the democratic front government hiked minimum support prices (msp) of cotton, soyabean and paddy.
;;0.0;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis transferred several bureaucrats on monday.
;;0.8225;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: ahead of the state elections, the maharashtra cabinet on monday approved a four-time increase in the financial aid given to the families of martyred soldiers and a similar increase was approved for injured soldiers as well.
;;-0.5994;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis has constituted a five-member committee under the environment secretary to give a hearing to plastic manufacturers in the wake of the ban imposed by the state.
;;0.4019;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said the smart police station concept is justice-oriented, pro-citizen facility.
;;0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said on tuesday that the state government will seek the assistance of rs 6,813 crore from the centre for flood relief.
;;-0.8271;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday ordered an in-depth inquiry into the incident of wall collapse in pune, in which 15 people were killed and also announced an ex-gratia of rs 5 lakh to be given to the kin of the deceased.
;;-0.2789;;nagpur: the decision of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to expand the scope of farm loan waiver to include defaults since 2001 has been hailed as historic by farm activist kishore tiwari tiwari, who also heads the vasantrao naik mission for tackling farm distress in the state, said with fadnavis granting this demand of agitating farmers in mumbai on monday, around 90  of farmers in the acutely distressed suicide-prone vidarbha and marathwada regions would be able to get benefit of the waiver scheme.
;;-0.128;;devendra fadnavisdownload the times of india news app for latest citykalyan: chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday chaired a meeting to solve long-pending issues related to aadharwadi dumping ground in kalyan.
;;0.6369;;mumbai: in a bid to highlight its focus on transparency ahead of the lok sabha and state elections this year, the maharashtra cabinet led by bjps devendrafadnavis on tuesday approved an amendment to the lokayukta act bringing the chief minister under the anti-corruption ombudsmans purview.
;;-0.5719;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: as the flood situation turned grim in kolhapur and other neighbouring areas, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis called up his karnataka counterpart bs yediyurappa on tuesday requesting him to discharge water from the almatti dam.
;;0.0;;last week, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the marathwada region will be made drought-free in the next few years.
;;-0.4404;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has asked the environment minister, ramdas kadam, to extend by another two months the one-month window to implement the ban.
;;-0.743;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed an inquiry after a resident from saki naka slums complained that his sister's house was declared illegal and demolished despite the structure having all necessary permissions.
;;0.0;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday announced that maharashtra has become an open defecation-free state after constructing over 60 lakh toilets in the last three and a half years.
;;-0.3818;;mumbai: a day after he sent aurangabad police commissioner yashaswi yadav on leave, chief minister devendrafadnavis shunted out aurangabad municipal commissioner deepak muglikar and his kalyan-dombivli counterpart p velrasu muglikar, an ias officer of the 2006 batch, has been given an insignificant assignment; he will be secretary of development for marathwada.
;;0.4767;;navi mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis will be the star campaigner for bjp to woo voters for the first maiden pcmc election.
;;0.0;;pune: a delegation of elected members from the pune cantonment board (pcb) on tuesday called on chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai.
;;0.1027;;uddhav thackeraymumbai: a day after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis batted for a metro rail car shed in the metropolis' aarey area, principal ally shiv sena 's chief uddhav thackeray has warned the plan could end up like the aborted nanar refinery in the konkan region.
;;0.0;;cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.4404;;mumbai: faced with much criticism, cm devendrafadnavis on monday brought back veteran bureaucrat medha gadgil to mantralaya and appointed her additional chief secretary (organisation and maintenance) in place of bipin kumar mallick.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis , his madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh counterparts shivraj singh chouhan, raman singh, former union agriculture minister sharad pawar , former home minister sushilkumar shinde, assam governor banwarilal purohit, ex-cm narayan rane and ncp leader praful patel attended the programme.
;;0.1154;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis might have announced a december 2019 deadline for commissioning of the navi mumbai airport, but top officials from the ministry of civil aviation said on thursday that the deadline would be tough to meet.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 16, 2019cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;mumbai: the helicopter carrying chief minister devendrafadnavis to sangli on friday had to land on an alternative helipad because of visibility issues.
;;0.0;;navi mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis will be transferring sudhakar shinde from ulhasnagar municipal corporation to panvel city municipal corporation (pcmc) soon, said mantralaya sources.
;;-0.9062;;(file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday said he will issue directives to the cyber cell of mumbai police to probe the online abuse and threat to congress spokesperson sachin sawant for posting a sarcastic tweet criticising the state government.
;;0.7964;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: the sharing of dais on monday and on top of that chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray publicly praising each other is something not heard of or witnessed in last four years.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the state government cannot implement dr vijay kelkar committee 's report on balanced regional development as it as, since its parameters do not match with those mentioned in the constitution.
;;-0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said there was no need for mungantiwar to resign and that he would speak to gandhi over the issue.
;;-0.91;;mumbai: a fortnight after a high court order, the home department led by chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday paid rs 70,000 to a chembur businessman for his illegal detention for 33 hours in ahmednagar the businessman, sachin shantaram sonawane, had challenged his detention by ahmednagar police in 2014, saying it was bad in law.
;;0.0;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis , along with senior bureaucrats, on saturday left for a week-long official tour to canada and the usa.
;;0.3612;;chief minister devendrafadnavis visited the proposed site of dr babasaheb ambedkar memorial at indu mills in dadar (west) on friday to review the work and announced that it would be ready by april 14, 2020.
;;0.0;;cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.8779;;chief minister devendrafadnavis decided to call out ncp president sharad pawar over the latters barbed comments on the cms visits to naxal-infested gadchiroli district a day after 15 police personnel were killed in a naxal attack in a village near gadchiroli recently, pawar had criticized the cm, saying ever since he took over the reins in october 2014, he had visited gadchiroli only once and that, too, to lay wreaths on the bodies of slain police personnel.
;;-0.5423;;(file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis saturday laid the foundation stone of a 10- storeyed complex in bandra which will house a state-of-the-art cyber crime lab , a police station , a training centre along with flats for senior police personnel.
;;0.0258;;details of the penalty are being worked out and will be presented before chief minister devendrafadnavis for approval.
;;-0.1655;;senior congress leader radhakrishna vikhe patils bribery charge against chief minister devendrafadnavis has shocked not only members of the ruling bjp and shiv sena, but even his own colleagues.
;;-0.296;;the anti-corruption bureaus two traps in pune have raised doubts over the efforts of the devendrafadnavis government to tackle corruption.
;;0.743;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis has taken away the harpur sports stadium project from the maharashtra labour welfare board (mlwb) and handed it over to the nagpur improvement trust (nit).
;;0.8765;;a proposal by the urban development department sought to ease the construction limits around all the facilities, but chief minister devendrafadnavis has approved a relaxation only in the case of arthur road jail, an exception that has raised a few eyebrows.
;;-0.5106;;a month after bjps devendrafadnavis took over as cm of maharashtra in 2014, he said tackling the agrarian crisis would be his top priority.
;;0.4767;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said his government would soon draft a comprehensive action plan to provide state-of-the-art infrastructure for promotion of sports i am committed to taking all possible steps for promotion of sports.
;;0.0;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis had a new look donning a suit and overcoat as he landed in snow-clad davos on tuesday.
;;-0.5106;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis plan to take over the air india building hangs in the balance as the ministry of civil aviation has rejected the state government proposal to transfer the prime property in nariman point at a cost drawn by nominees of the government and air india.
;;0.0;;cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.2023;;mumbai: a day after shiv sena minister ramdas kadam threatened his party would call off its alliance with bjp if it wasnt given the cms post, sena president uddhav thackeray met cm devendrafadnavis at his official residence, varsha, to demand reservation for the dhangar community in the scheduled caste (st) category.
;;0.1027;;following intervention of chief minister devendrafadnavis , both reached an understanding and decided to contest the polls together.
;;-0.4215;;we sought appointment of chief minister devendrafadnavis and state bjp president raosaheb danve, but there was no response.
;;0.3182;;in case of escalation on account of time overrun, the officials in-charge will be held responsible, said chief minister devendrafadnavis addressing a joint meeting of the centre and state on irrigation.
;;-0.6562;;asked why he waited for so long after being humiliated by pm and not getting satisfactory support from chief minister devendrafadnavis , patole said the way modi was taking political advantage of the neech remark by congress mani shankar iyer, he thought time was ripe to expose modis hypocrisy.
;;0.0;;bjp chief amit shah devendrafadnavis and i have had meetings and decided on the alliance.
;;-0.9287;;this story is from december 14, 2018file photo of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citypune: the state government this week granted sanction to prosecute five activists  sudhir dhawale, rona wilson, surendra gadling, shoma sen and mahesh raut  arrested in the elgar parishad case on charges of sedition and waging war against india among other charges of the indian penal code.
;;0.0;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis told the assembly on tuesday that mumbai metro one pvt ltd (mmopl), which operates the mumbai metro system , has not paid rs 31.
;;-0.296;;some members of the felicitation organizing committee, which is headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis , felt the theme would also offend prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.0772;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis , replying to a starred question in the house on wednesday, said the jail administration is engaged in tracing out inmates with different psychological disturbances through a self-help group.
;;0.0;;we proved our might, chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;-0.6249;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday said the government would withdraw cases against those booked during the bandh called in the wake of the koregaon bhima violence in january.
;;0.6486;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday claimed that the the loan waiver done by congress led governments at centre and state in 2008 benefitted banks and credit societies and not a majority of farmers.
;;0.1027;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: maharashtra cabinet has cleared setting up of a scheme to provide subsidy on lpg connections on the lines of the central government's prime minister ujjwala yojana pmuy ).
;;-0.3182;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis was left red-faced after he had to withdraw a circular on the right to information (rti) act following critical remarks on social media and an uproar in the legislature.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis in his pre-winter session address to media said that the market arrivals have gone up as compared to november last year.
;;0.0;;speaking on the occasion, chief minister devendrafadnavis said khasdar sanskrutik mahotsav has become a cultural identity of the city which gives artistes a platform to perform and also fulfils the cultural needs of citizens.
;;0.0;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis has suggested that the education system be reviewed every five years to keep in sync with the changing times.
;;0.0;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday appointed additional chief secretary (finance) d k jain as the states new chief secretary .
;;0.0;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday exhorted young lawyers to enhance knowledge, quality and contribute to the society.
;;-0.6249;;mumbai/aurangabad: chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday sent aurangabad police commissioner yashaswi yadav on forced leave for a month after his forces high-handedness against local protesters sparked a heated debate in the legislature.
;;0.8519;;however, the cycle track, hailed as another great news for mumbaikars by chief minister devendrafadnavis , has been out-of-bounds for the cyclists on at least two sundays, during the new years eve a fortnight ago, and yesterday due to vip movement (the president was in mumbai).
;;0.9468;;ani photosolapur: union home minister and bjp president amit shah on sunday challenged congress leader rahul gandhi and ncp chief sharad pawar to clear their stand on the withdrawal of the special status of jammu and kashmir ahead of the upcoming assembly elections in maharashtra addressing a rally here on the occasion of culmination of the second leg of chief minister devendrafadnavis ' 'mahajandesh yatra, shah said maharashtra would be the first state to go to polls after abrogation of articles 370 and 35 (a), which withdrew the special status of jammu and kashmir as well as the special privileges enjoyed by the people of the northern state.
;;-0.296;;pimpri chinchwad: chief minister devendrafadnavis has sent the complaint of shiv senas shirur mp shivajirao adhalrao patil about irregularities in the pimpri chinchwad municipal corporation ( pcmc ) to the principal secretary of the urban development department for appropriate action.
;;0.0;;five shiv sena cabinet ministers met chief minister devendrafadnavis and submitted a representation asking for scrapping of the sra notification.
;;0.7506;;chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the rescue and relief operations in sangli on saturday and interacted with the people.
;;0.0;;cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis ordered a high-level inquiry against pwd officials for non-payment of water bills for varsha, his official residence, on wednesday.
;;0.3818;;pune: chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed state officials to allot government land in shivajinagar and balewadi to the pune metro project and clear all hurdles by june 17.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said that all instructions will be given to the local authorities to speed up land acquisition and necessary meetings and committees will be formed to speed up the pending issues regarding the highways.
;;0.8555;;devendra fadnavisdownload the times of india news app for latest cityamravati: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said he was confident of getting a fresh mandate from the people and assured that he would devote his next term as the cm to make the state drought-free.
;;0.0516;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday ridiculed the mega-alliance of opposition parties in various states, claiming modi was the only national leader.
;;-0.5239;;this story is from november 30, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis uses almost every platform to tom-tom nagpur metro project but shockingly his government is not paying its share for it.
;;-0.2263;;the official said by friday evening, the discharge would be 5 lakh cusecs as demanded by chief minister devendrafadnavis from his karnataka counterpart b s yediyurappa.
;;-0.6249;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis visited the bmc disaster management control room and took stock of the situation in mumbai with civic officials.
;;-0.6124;;the heavy downpour also forced maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to cancel his scheduled ground breaking function of construction of a new building for mlas.
;;0.4767;;this was followed by the senior citizens run and finally, it was time for the dream run, which was flagged off by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis he was accompanied by wife amruta, actors kartik aaryan and gulshan grover as well as and tina ambani rahul bose and milind soman with wife ankita konwar, also took part in the race.
;;0.0;;the association has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis , asking that the water resources department be instructed to conduct another survey with the assistance of experts associated with the association.
;;-0.1027;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who was to be present, has cancelled due to other engagements.
;;0.25;;pune: chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said pune was not the only city deserving good officers in administrative posts, implying that former pune mahanagar parivahan mahamandal limited chief tukaram mundhe had got a promotion and was not shunted to nashik.
;;0.1321;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis plans create 72,000 jobs in the rural sector to tackle the agrarian crisis despite a debt burden of more than rs 4 lakh crore.
;;0.2023;;last month, chief minister devendrafadnavis had a meeting with the indian association of paediatric surgeons and several top doctors have volunteered to take part in the programme.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp chief amit shah too have, in the past, ruled out the possibility of concurrent assembly and parliamentary elections in maharashtra.
;;0.0;;pti photonashik: on the eve of the assembly elections in maharashtra , prime minister narendra modi will address a rally in nashik on september 19 on the concluding day of chief minister devendrafadnavis ' 'mahajanadesh yatra', a bjp official said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 15, 2019cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.6486;;the buldhana tour of chief minister devendrafadnavis was abruptly called off on thursday after he complained of uneasiness.
;;0.7906;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis will inaugurate the birth anniversary celebrations of freedom fighter-philosopher vinayak damodar savarkar , popularly known as swatantryaveer savarkar , on sunday at the revolutionary leader's birthplace bhagur in nashik district.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had sanctioned special funds for developmental works in his south-west constituency two years ago.
;;0.0665;;nu would also be writing a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis on inaction by ganeshpeth police station officials against mishra despite two complaints being lodged against him.
;;0.4019;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari will perform bhoomipuja of rs 3,580 crore smart city project on february 2.
;;0.0;;pune: chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday announced that, next year onwards, a state-level science conference, on the lines of bharatiya vigyan sammelan, would be organised annually.
;;0.0;;pune: chief minister devendrafadnavis has told the civic administration to conduct an inquiry into alleged lapses in the tree census, under way in the city for the past two years.
;;0.0;;a high-powered pakistani delegation led by attorney general ashtar ausaf ali met with world bank chief executive officer devendrafadnavis and other senior officials on monday and tuesday.
;;0.2732;;nashik: chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday strongly advocated that nashik municipal corporation (nmc) should take over the responsibility of city bus services.
;;0.0;;devendra fadnavisdownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: the maharashtra cabinet will be expanded on sunday and a final meeting on the ministers to be inducted will be held later saturday night, chief minister devendrafadnavis said in delhi.
;;0.0;;many often end up tagging chief minister devendrafadnavis and even the prime ministers office.
;;0.0;;* maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis also urged people to stay indoors.
;;0.0;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis has asked mayor nanda jichkar to implement zero pendency project in the nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) on the lines of mantralaya.
;;0.0;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday observed that maharashtra 's political head does not survive for a long period.
;;-0.2732;;the progress of the land acquisition process was reviewed by chief minister devendrafadnavis in his war room on monday.
;;-0.7096;;cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citykalyan: cm devendrafadnavis announced compensation for people who suffered losses due to floods in kalyan, badlapur, ulhasnagar and the neighbouring areas.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 25, 2018maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday claimed that samadhan shibirs have benefited crores of people in the state.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis saturday said post redevelopment, dharavi , one of the metropolis' biggest slum clusters , will be its new bkc.
;;0.0;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday appointed sampada mehta, an ias officer of the 2008 batch, as mumbai city collector in place of ashwini joshi, who took over as the excise commissioner.
;;0.1779;;the rajya sabha member urged maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , mumbai metro and civic authorities to find alternate solutions for the metro car shed and preserve the aarey colony.
;;0.4019;;mumbai: women members of the nationalist congress party on sunday shouted slogans against amruta fadnavis , chief minister devendrafadnavis ' wife, during a programme in solapur.
;;0.5423;;sharad pawarpune: nationalist congress party chief sharad pawar on sunday accused maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and other bjp ministers of committing themselves to poaching leaders from other parties before the assembly election.
;;0.0;;fulzele informed that the report was not fully complete as the home department headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis was yet to give its opinion.
;;0.0;;officials will also consult chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is the chairperson of mmrda, regarding the issue.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has been trying to mollify the sena since the two parties sealed a partnership in the state in 2014.
;;0.4588;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis has accepted the report on development of vidarbha and marathwada regions prepared under the chairmanship of former divisional commissioner anoop kumar in coordination with vidarbha industries association (via).
;;0.4019;;this story is from october 21, 2018file photo of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday ruled out simultaneous assembly and parliamentary elections in the state in 2019 while extending support to the 'one nation, one election' concept.
;;0.0;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday set up a committee comprising senior bureaucrats to negotiate the purchase of the iconic air india building on marine drive in south mumbai with the ministry of civil aviation.
;;0.2023;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday claimed that the loans waived by congress governments at the centre and state in 2008 benefited banks and credit societies, but few farmers.
;;-0.128;;devendra fadnavisdownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: auto-rickshaw unions called off their indefinite strike at the eleventh hour on monday night after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis intervened.
;;0.5423;;navi mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis has, on tuesday, agreed to approve cidcos comprehensive proposal to waive off all charges like transfer, mortgage, change of use, besides noc.
;;0.3182;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said statistics is merely a perception while better crime management can be accomplished through proper strategy and planning.
;;0.0;;vidc had told chief minister devendrafadnavis and guardian minister chandrashekar bawankule about the need to revise the 1964 quota allotted to the state and mp.
;;-0.0772;;chandrapur: chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday announced construction of 100 bailey bridges at 82 villages facing frequent communication breakdown with district headquarters during rainy season in gadchiroli.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.9001;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday announced government job for a family member of the two crpf jawans from buldhana killed in the pulwama terror attack .
;;-0.8019;;stating that it was irony that state government could not find any competent individual across eight districts of the region to head the responsibility of marathwada development board, varma in his resignation had also criticised chief minister devendrafadnavis for allegedly not giving time to meet to discuss issues related to the board since past two years.
;;0.0;;devendra fadnavisdownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: with an eye on the upcoming state election, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis inaugurated a digital dashboard which allows him and the public to review projects and government schemes.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 14, 2018file photo of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.4939;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis is confident that the shiv sena will ally with the bjp in the upcoming lok sabha polls.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis was also present.
;;0.0;;pune: chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said the mhalunge maan hi-tech city would be a farmer inclusive model that would pave the way for all town planning schemes along the proposed ring road here.
;;0.0;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis formally inaugurated mahapariksha web portal on thursday.
;;0.0;;nashik: a helicopter ferrying maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to aurangabad landed soon after take off from nashik as it couldn't stabilise due to overloading on saturday morning.
;;0.0;;sikorsky, which was purchased in 2011, has been rendered unusable after it crashed in latur while ferrying chief minister devendrafadnavis and his officials in march this year.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 2, 2019cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.128;;mumbai: cm devendrafadnavis served a legal notice on leader of opposition radhakrishna vikhe patil on monday saying he had made false and baseless allegations against him over the development plan for the city.
;;-0.34;;this story is from november 4, 2018fadnavis addressing the atal sankalpa mahasammelan on saturdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citypune: chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday set forth a warning to shiv sena, which is planning to contest the 2019 lok sabha polls on its own.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 31, 2019file photo of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.6124;;pune: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said looking at the huge support that his ' mahajanadesh yatra ' is receiving, the bjp will have an unprecedented victory in the upcoming state assembly polls.
;;0.6369;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis has announced a special grant of rs50 crore to the indira gandhi government medical college and hospital (iggmch) to mark the golden jubilee celebrations of the college.
;;0.3182;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis cleared the file from his office on wednesday to allow beed constable lalita salve to undergo the gender reassignment surgery.
;;0.1531;;this story is from february 15, 2019maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis greets shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on their arrival for the .
;;0.0;;mumbai: as the question of whether recalcitrant ally shiv sena would ally with the bjp for the ls polls lingered, cm devendrafadnavis met sena president uddhav thackeray at the latters matoshree residence in bandra on thursday evening for talks that lasted more than an hour.
;;0.0;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis said he would give mayors powers to utilize 10  of the additional revenue brought by them in municipal corporations.
;;0.5859;;with now only a week of effective campaign time left, there was no sign of other star campaigners from the congress or the ncp in stark contrast, the bjp campaign for its nominee hemant patle was better organized and peaked at the right time as chief minister devendrafadnavis joined the drive on saturday and addressed election rallies at mohadi and sakoli.
;;-0.34;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday quietly shunted out excise commissioner ashwini joshi to the insignificant mumbai district aids control society as project director.
;;-0.6808;;mumbai: more than six months after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a rs 34,022 crore loan waiver scheme for 89 lakh farmers congress spokesperson sachin sawant has found that the scheme has failed to take off in the real sense due to lack of coordination and dereliction of duty at all levels.
;;0.0;;i am also meeting governor vidyasagar rao led by chief minister devendrafadnavis , vikhe patil said.
;;0.0772;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and all cabinet ministers on tuesday decided to donate their one-month salary towards the chief minister' relief fund in view of devastation caused by floods.
;;0.5719;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday set up the maharashtra real estate regulatory authority appellate tribunal headed by justice indira jain.
;;0.0;;nitish sharma, another resident, said, we have approached everyone  the pmrda, pwd, local leaders, other civic bodies, chief minister devendrafadnavis  but our plea went unheard.
;;0.34;;chief minister devendrafadnavis took serious note of tois extensive reporting on akolas clean morna river campaign.
;;0.7579;;maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavisaurangabad: the maharashtra government has launched some schemes which will help make the perennially parched marathwada region free of drought, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on tuesday.
;;0.0;;a cr official said, chief minister devendrafadnavis will make the announcement on january 26.
;;-0.2732;;pti filemumbai (maharashtra): maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday warned that state government would take action against people if they take the law into their hands during the bandh called by mns on august 22.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis was also present at the rally in the poll-bound state where elections are due in the upcoming months.
;;-0.5719;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has come under fire for his governments failure to accord a state funeral to master blaster sachin tendulkars childhood coach ramakant achrekar, a padmashri award recipient.
;;0.0;;this story is from october 30, 2018file photo of cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: even as the state is gearing up to tackle a drought, the key difference between this years drought and those maharashtra has seen previously is a rs 7,692 crore water conservation scheme.
;;-0.1953;;this story is from november 11, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis has a new take on the political relations between his party bjp and ally shiv sena which has of late been the most vociferous critic of every action by the government in the state or at the centre.
;;0.0;;image used for representational purposedownload the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis in march last year had claimed that 60  of the city would be covered under 24x7 water supply project by december 2018.
;;0.3612;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis and union transport minister nitin gadkari had promised last year that the 55 km long ghodazari branch canal of gosikhurd project would be completed by end of 2018.
;;0.0;;nagpur: the winter session of the state legislature that concluded last friday was a tame affair with chief minister devendrafadnavis and his cabinet colleagues deftly handling the combined opposition onslaught.
;;0.0;;pune: chief minister devendrafadnavis has ruled out allocation of funds in the state budget for the proposed airport at purandar asked whether funds will be provided in the state budget for the purandar airport, fadnavis in a text message replied: it is not required.
;;-0.3612;;the situation in kolhapur and sangli districts is grimmer than the floods witnessed in 2005, prompting chief minister devendrafadnavis to call his karnataka counterpart b s yediyurappa for stepping up the release of water from almatti dam , located 200km from kolhapur.
;;0.4215;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis dropped a bombshell on wednesday by revealing that the list of beneficiaries of the earlier loan waivers announced by the then upa and df governments in 2008 was unavailable.
;;-0.4767;;mumbai: the home department led by chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday suspended public information officer sarangkumar patil for providing incorrect information to rti activist jeetendra ghadge on the mumbai-ahmedabad bullet train project.
;;0.3818;;mumbai: on the eve of two lok sabha bypolls in maharashtra, the shiv sena filed a complaint with the election commission over a speech by chief minister devendrafadnavis allegedly urging bjp workers to use a tit for tat policy in dealing with sena cadres and win the palghar poll by hook or crook.
;;-0.2755;;insetsome nda allies dont agree about our achievementschief minister devendrafadnavis spoke to mediapersons on sunday to mark the completion of the nda governments four years in power.
;;0.0;;aurangabad: chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday asked for implementation of different development schemes initiated by the government in mission mode.
;;-0.7096;;cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citypune: chief minister devendrafadnavis has ordered an inquiry into the wall collapse and has announced an ex gratia of rs 5 lakh for the deceased and rs 25,000 for those injured.
;;0.0;;ramdev, who will be attending an international yoga day event in maharashtra's nanded on june 21, which will be attended by chief minister devendrafadnavis , was talking to reporters.
;;0.0;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis inaugurated india's first floating storage re-gasification unit (fsru)-based terminal at jsw jaigarh port in ratnagiri district.
;;0.0;;on march 8, chief minister devendrafadnavis state government issued a notification implementing the reservation in the educational institutions.
;;-0.8658;;producer saket sahni and mahie gill after the attack on tuesdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis stated in the legislative council on thursday that the government may invoke maharashtra control of organised crime act (mcoca) against those involved in the attack on a film crew shooting in thane on tuesday.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis handed over the land allotment order for the construction of venkateswara temple to ttd joint executive officer p basant kumar at cms official residence varsha in mumbai, an official release said on wednesday.
;;0.4767;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis had constituted a committee in august 2016 under then nagpur divisional commissioner anup kumar to study sector wise backwardness in vidarbha and marathwada.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis condoled fundkar's demise, and recalled his late cabinet colleague's contribution to the party and farmers' development.
;;0.0;;nagpur:chief minister devendrafadnavis has categorically ruled out shifting the proposed nanar refinery to vidarbha, saying, the project can be shifted to vidarbha only if sea can be brought here.
