;;0.5719;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the bharatiya janata party (bjp) was prepared for mid-term polls in the state, remarks that come as both friends and foes have sought to corner his government on the issue of farm-loan waiver.
;;-0.296;;a copy of the complaint has also been sent to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and mumbai commissioner of police.
;;0.5719;;chief minister devendrafadnavis request for noise rules relaxation violates the supreme court orders, said anti-noise campaigners.
;;-0.8307;;an editorial in the sena mouthpiece saamana slammed chief minister devendrafadnavis for saying the law-and-order in the state was fine when the government has so far failed to arrest the accused in the bhima koregaon and kamala mills fire incidents.
;;0.6908;;the bjp led by chief minister devendrafadnavis has clearly consolidated the gains of the 2014 assembly elections in maharashtra, once seen as a bastion of the congress, moving from number four to number one.
;;-0.0129;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has been reluctant to do so, but with his governments coalition partner, the shiv sena, and other parties preparing for a political agitation, he may find it hard to exercise fiscal prudence.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday drove out the first made-in-india jeep compass out of the fiat chrysler automobile (fca)s ranjangaon assembly line near pune.
;;-0.1027;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday ordered a high-level probe after a farmer was allegedly beaten up by security guards at mantralaya, the state headquarters, on thursday.
;;-0.128;;these were formulated by the previous congress government; all that chief minister devendrafadnavis is doing is either laying foundation stones or cutting ribbons for projects started or completed by the congress.
;;0.4019;;as such, chief minister devendrafadnavis has lobbed the ball to the central government, seeking its help to write off the loans taken by the farmers from various institutions.
;;0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is in the us as part of the last leg of his 8-day foreign tour, also sought assistance from the world bank for multimodal transport corridor in the mumbai metropolitan region (mmr) and rural livelihood project for providing sustainable livelihood enhancements in 10,000 villages of the state.
;;0.7351;;in another meeting, devendrafadnavis , ceo, world bank, also assured fadnavis that the bank would consider the states demand for assistance to multimodal transport corridor in mmr and rural livelihood project positively.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the government will change the law to bring in stringent measures to make marathi a compulsory subject in all non-state board schools.
;;0.0;;shah will be accompanied by chief minister devendrafadnavis , state president raosaheb danve and education minister vinod tawde at all these meetings.
;;-0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is in the eye of the storm due to a controversial audio clip in which he is heard exhorting bjp workers to use all means to win the palghar bypoll, has demanded that the election commission of india (eci) take action against shiv sena president uddhav thackeray for distorting facts.
;;-0.2263;;the protests by the dominant community that makes up 32  of maharashtras population had rattled the chief minister devendrafadnavis , even as rumours about his ouster started making rounds in political circles.
;;-0.4404;;following which, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis condemned the statement.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis passed the order on june 13.
;;0.8442;;the speculation of plan b has also gained ground because a section within the bjp including chief minister devendrafadnavis feels that the party can win the polls solo.
;;0.4019;;trains, flights and road transport have been hampered and the government has declared a holiday on tuesday with chief minister devendrafadnavis urging people to stay indoors.
;;0.3612;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday assured residents of seamless connectivity throughout mumbai metropolitan region (mmr), for which, he said one of the options was water transport.
;;-0.5267;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday rapped officials of the districts administrations for their apathetic approach towards water conservation projects and the india meteorological department (imd) for its faulty forecast of the monsoon, saying it was placing a hurdle in the governments combat with natural forces.
;;-0.8402;;for the second time in two days, the shiv sena attacked chief minister devendrafadnavis and the bharatiya janata party-led government over the handling of dalit protests and violence that have rocked maharashtra since january 1.
;;0.128;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has invited college students to suggest policy interventions for critical matters such as drought control, smart cities, transportation, rural education and more.
;;-0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis expressed his grief over the loss of lives in the incident and ordered an inquiry in the matter which will be helmed by a special investigation team (sit) under a secretary rank official.
;;-0.8834;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday announced compensation for families of three school students who lost their lives in the dahanu boat tragedy and for the family of a 14-year-old dalit girl who died on her way back from the sadbhavana rally in sangli.
;;0.1531;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp chief amit shah too tweeted their wishes.
;;0.0;;former congressman and leader of opposition in maharashtra radhakrishna vikhe patil joined the cabinet of chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday.
;;0.4019;;sources told ht that chief minister devendrafadnavis was on board while taking this decision and a senior bjp leader hinted that a clean chit from the eow was on the cards for darekar.
;;0.6486;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday said the state government will develop an intelligent traffic management system (itms) for mumbai, which will later be implemented across maharashtra to reduce congestion and increase traffic speed.
;;0.6808;;chief minister devendrafadnavis ensured that shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray shared the dais with pm modi and thackeray in his speech praised the prime minister announcing that the next state government would only be from the saffron alliance.
;;0.3612;;he added that he could see that chief minister devendrafadnavis had applauded the most at his statement.
;;-0.5267;;pm modi, who had flown to nashik on thursday to join a bjp event to mark the end of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis roadshow mahajanadesh yatra, said there had been some people who had been issuing meaningless statements over the last few weeks on the decades old ram janmabhoomi-babri masjid land title dispute.
;;0.0;;kolhapur: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , state revenue and pwd minister chandrakant patil and bollywood actor akshay kumar after inauguration of nation's second tallest flag on the occasion of maharashtra day in kolhapur on monday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis was also present at the event.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said that the government had brought around 12.
;;0.25;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is on a three-nation tour, on saturday set the ball rolling for two mega projects  the mumbai-pune hyperloop, and setting up of advanced data centres in mumbai.
;;-0.6705;;it alleged that gund, before hanging himself, left a suicide note to chief minister devendrafadnavis stating that government policies had finished business owners.
;;-0.7579;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari inaugurated a new bridge on the mumbai-goa highway, 10 months after the old one collapsed, killing 30.
;;-0.7184;;5 reasons why the maharashtra irrigation scam could spell trouble for ajit pawartwo-and-a-half years after chief minister devendrafadnavis asked the anti-corruption bureau (acb) to probe the multi-crore irrigation scam and what roles senior nationalist congress party (ncp) politicians ajit pawar and sunil tatkare played in it, there are reports that the enforcement directorate is on pawars trail.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis will be in kerala, haryana chief minister manohar lal in telangana, assam cm sarbananda sonowal in tripura and madhya pradesh cm shivraj singh chouhan in odisha.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis stated that the project will generate at least one lakh jobs in the region.
;;0.6597;;indiaupdated: jul 31, 2019 14:53 ista day before the bharatiya janata party (bjp) flags of the chief minister devendrafadnavis pre poll statewide mahajanadesh yatra, four opposition legislators and other senior leaders joined the party.
;;-0.6369;;upset with an unstable career and lack of marriage prospects, a 35-year-old man wrote to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis office seeking permission for euthanasia.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis will carry out the long-pending reshuffle and expansion of his cabinet on sunday, just three months ahead of the maharashtra assembly elections.
;;0.5719;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has assured shiv sena leaders that their constituencies will get an equal share of the funds set aside for development.
;;0.6597;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday inducted thirteen new faces in his cabinet; including ten from the bharatiya janata party, two from shiv sena and one from the republican party of india (rpi).
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis will meet representatives of the sakal maratha samaj, the parent body of maratha organisations,soon to discuss the communitys demands.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on refuted suggestions that he could be appointed as union minister, saying he is going to be around in the state.
;;0.7269;;continuing with its winning streak, chief minister devendrafadnavis bharatiya janata party (bjp) managed to wrest power in the congress-dominated latur civic body and retain its power in the chandrapur municipal corporation in maharashtra.
;;0.4939;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena leader aditya thackeray are already in poll mode and on a statewide tour and given the posturing and muscle flexing from both the sides, the seat sharing discussion is expected to see some hard bargain by both.
;;0.0;;bjp currently has devendrafadnavis as the chief minister, but sena wants its young leader aditya thackeray, who could be the first leader from his family to contest election, to get that position.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis recently complained to a leader of the nationalist congress party about his party mp supriya sule.
;;0.0516;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday hinted that the government may revoke the suspension of 19 mlas from the opposition, who were expelled till december 31 for creating a ruckus in the assembly during the state finance ministers speech.
;;0.9136;;but while the sena is the winner in this contest, the man of the match, as it were, would be chief minister devendrafadnavis , whose fearlessness in breaking an old partnership and relentless campaigning has seen his party swell its influence manifold.
;;-0.7008;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had then not just promised the state that those found guilty in the scam would be punished but also that the state would turn away from non-performing large dams and lift irrigation schemes to more smaller water conservation projects.
;;0.4939;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday inaugurated the 19-day mumbai shopping festival.
;;-0.0258;;when a chopper carrying maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and five others came crashing down in latur on thursday afternoon, the first person to rush to the rescue was small-time scrap dealer irfan shaikh, who shouted our king (cm) is trapped in the chopper.
;;0.1406;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has been blaming the opposition parties for the fiasco but what he is unable to voice is the fact there is much internal strife within the bjp as well that compelled him to backtrack and eat his own words on loan waivers.
;;-0.5267;;a day before mumbai goes to polls, the shiv sena alleged that chief minister devendrafadnavis violated the poll code of conduct and misused his official position as he gave media interviews after the last date for campaigning.
;;-0.743;;a day before mumbai goes to polls, the shiv sena took one last potshot at chief minister devendrafadnavis , calling him a liar, and taunting him for the poor turnout at his pune rally as evidence of him steadily losing support.
;;-0.1695;;the legislators  ashish shelar, atul bhatkhalkar and yogesh sagar  not satisfied with the answer given by the minister of state for urban development department, ranjit patil, also sought for chief minister devendrafadnavis intervention in the issue but ran out of time.
;;0.0258;;chief minister devendrafadnavis told the legislative council that the government along with the brihamumbai municipal corporation (bmc) is preparing a policy to tackle the matter.
;;0.0258;;a delegation of dalit leaders led by prakash ambedkar met chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday to follow up on their demands after the withdrawal of their one-day statewide bandh that brought mumbai to its knees on wednesday.
;;-0.6808;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday said those who were imprisoned during the emergency will be provided pension and a citation.
;;0.0;;*chief minister devendrafadnavis has advised the people to stay indoors in view of the rains.
;;-0.8555;;that has added insult to injury as farmers were already angry with chief minister devendrafadnavis for what they believed was him taking them for a ride.
;;-0.7964;;two days after chief minister devendrafadnavis accused the shiv sena of betrayal for fielding sriniwas wanga, son of late bharatiya janata party (bjp) mp chintaman wanga in the palghar lok sabha bypoll, the sena on tuesday hit back saying that roping in the turncoat rajendra gavit and calling him the former mps political heir is a betrayal of wangas legacy.
;;0.4019;;sources said the three sena leaders participating in the talksanil desai, anil parab and ravindra mirlekarhad suggested party chief uddhav thackeray to have a word with chief minister devendrafadnavis over the public comments being made by his colleagues.
;;-0.2023;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis continued to remain silent regarding farm loan waivers, an issue that has stalled the state legislative assemblys budget proceedings.
;;0.0;;the duo joined bjp in presence of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis and state bjp unit chief raosaheb danve at the cms official residence varsha in south mumbai late last night.
;;0.34;;the information was given by chief minister devendrafadnavis in a written reply to a question asked by the ncps aniket tatkare about coastal security and an inspection conducted by the navy recently.
;;-0.4404;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday appointed a high-powered ministerial group to hold discussions with farmers outfits staging agitations for a farm loan waiver and protection against falling prices of agricultural produce.
;;0.0258;;opinionupdated: aug 01, 2019 23:32 istless than three months before assembly elections are held in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis has embarked on mahajanadesh yatra, a statewide tour, to reach out to the people.
;;-0.7351;;twitter.com/35rmkrhmlo  ians tweets (@ians_india) august 9, 2019maharashtra opposition parties attacked mahajan and demanded that chief minister devendrafadnavis should take action against the minister for his insensitive attitude towards the flood-hit people suffering since over a week.
;;0.0;;through video from here, the pm addressed the event in which maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis , bjp mp poonam mahajan and bollywood star katrina kaif were present among others.
;;0.4019;;sounding the bugle for 2019 elections, chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday urged party workers to start preparing for polls as they were headed for a scenario where it was likely to be all-parties versus the bjp.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has ordered a judicial inquiry into the pune incident.
;;0.2263;;chief minister devendrafadnavis in his address at the bharatiya janata partys (bjp) state executive meet in thane on thursday prepared the ground for a possible alliance with the shiv sena in the upcoming polls, by asking his cadre to look at the big picture to make india congress-free.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said that the metro rail networks will be connected from the northern and southern parts of the city.
;;0.0;;dissolve legislative council, says bjp mlabjp legislator anil gote has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis and state parliamentary affairs minister girish bapat that the maharashtra legislative council be dissolved as important bills are being stalled for political motives.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and three others escaped unhurt after a helicopter carrying them crash-landed soon after it took off from a helipad at nilanga in latur district of central maharashtra.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday kick started multiple road and infrastructure project works on the thane-belapur road, including two flyovers and an underpass.
;;0.0;;chief minister (cm) devendrafadnavis on saturday held a joint review meeting with union housing minister hardeep singh puri and railway minister piyush goyal to discuss housing schemes in maharashtra.
;;0.0;;but since we do not have 40 days to just get approvals, chief minister devendrafadnavis will intervene [in this matter].
;;0.2263;;a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis ordered a review of the controversial open space policy, which was passed in the general body meeting of the civic body, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) has now sought to reopen the same for discussion.
;;-0.3612;;after the navi mumbai police called off the search in mid-april, bidres father wrote a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , threatening to self-immolate and accusing the police of conspiring to protect kurundkar.
;;-0.2263;;the official said by friday evening, the discharge would be 5 lakh cusecs as demanded by chief minister devendrafadnavis from his karnataka counterpart b s yediyurappa.
;;0.4019;;12:01 pm ist maharashtra cm conducts aerial survey maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis conducted an aerial survey flood affected districts and held a on review meeting in kolhapur on thursday, following which more central teams have been mobilised for rescue operations in the state.
;;0.6124;;i would like to thank maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis for announcing our film hindi medium as tax-free in the state.
;;-0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said there was a lack of transparency in the working of the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) so far, resulting in probes being initiated into the road scam and shoddy desilting done by the countrys richest body.
;;-0.7003;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , during a review meeting at the sahyadri guest house on friday, agreed to a proposal to set up a team of 50 police personnel for the eviction of illegal slum dwellers in the city.
;;-0.1027;;if mahajan, a close aide of chief minister devendrafadnavis is to be taken seriously, it would be mean that two-thirds of the 83 congress-ncp mlas want out.
;;0.0;;we were asked to first speak to water resources minister girish mahajan and then chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday.
;;0.7506;;indiaupdated: aug 04, 2019 17:01 istthe bharatiya janata party will contest the maharashtra assembly elections in partnership with ally shiv sena though it could have won on its own, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday.
;;0.4767;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis is taking a digital campaign route and tapping into hologram technology to woo voters in the maharashtra civic polls.
;;-0.8271;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (cm) on tuesday announced a high-level probe into the wall collapse incident at kurar, where 22 people were killed.
;;0.4019;;hours after the sena filed wangas nomination, chief minister devendrafadnavis and state bjp president raosaheb danve held a press conference inducting gavit into their party, and announced his candidature for the seat.
;;0.4767;;the list of the candidates was released in the early hours of friday after chief minister devendrafadnavis gave his final approval to it.
;;0.56;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday took potshots at congress president rahul gandhi, saying his speeches have high humour quotient and he need not be taken seriously.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , while in dubai for the weekend, held discussions regarding the project with sheikh mohammed bin juma al maktoum, the chairman of the mbm group.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday indicated that the 3-lakh-crore mega refinery and petrochemical project will be moved to raigad, after the land acquisition in ratnagiri-sindhudurgs nanar was scrapped early this year.
;;0.5859;;an official from the industries department said, chief minister devendrafadnavis has reportedly taken local politicians from raigad from all parties into confidence to avoid nanar-like opposition.
;;-0.4404;;home minister amit shah while addressing the public during the second leg of the mahajanadesh yatra, launched on august 1 by chief minister devendrafadnavis , attacked ncp chief sharad pawar questioning his contribution in providing financial aid to farmers in maharashtra when the latter was a minister in the erstwhile upa government at the centre.
;;0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had even announced a growth centre on the lines of bandra-kurla complex near kalyan.
;;-0.765;;chief minister devendrafadnavis faced another chopper scare on thursday at mira road as the pilot reportedly spotted a video cable lying on the helipad temporarily constructed for the landing of the chopper.
;;-0.8625;;a day after violence claimed one life at bhima koregaon in pune district and left four others injured, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a judicial probe into the incident by a sitting high court judge, as well as a cid inquiry into the death.
;;0.0;;majority of the leaders, whom ht spoke to said that the final call still rested with chief minister devendrafadnavis and thackeray.
;;0.9201;;envisioning education through a holistic outlook of knowledge building to establish peace and harmony in the world, the dr vishwanath karad mit world peace university, said to be the first of its kind in india, was inaugurated by chief minister of maharashtra devendrafadnavis , on august 12.
;;-0.886;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday ordered an in-depth inquiry into the pune wall collapse that killed at least 15 labourers including 4 children and a woman, authorities hinted several irregularities and inferior construction was likely behind the incident.
;;0.5719;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday promised full support and security to resident doctors who have been striking following a string of attacks by relatives of patients.
