;;-0.4939;;chief minister devendrafadnavis expressed grief at the mishap while industries minister subhash desai and guardian minister for the district eknath shinde visited the site along with kalyankar.
;;-0.6486;;mrityunjay bose, sangli/mumbai: , june 17, 2015, dhns: 0:43 istwater shortage forces them to renew demandin a significant political development, 42 villages from the jath taluk of sangli district have shot off a letter to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis seeking no-objection certificate for their renewed demand of merger with neighbouring karnataka as they have been reeling under severe water shortage for decades now.
;;0.0;;he said a delegation comprising water resources minister m b patil and it&bt minister s r patil will soon meet maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and make a formal request to release 2 tmc ft of water from koyna and kalammawadi reservoirs across krishna and another 2 tmc ft from ujjani dam to bhima river.
;;0.0;;lauding maharashtra's chief minister devendrafadnavis for his contribution in the membership drive in the state, sharma said, for some time, he (fadnavis) was also the state president of bjp.
;;0.0;;later, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that the thane nursing training college would also be renamed after her.
;;0.5859;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who held a security review meeting yesterday, ordered that security be stepped up in such areas.
;;-0.0516;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the situation after the outbreak of train commuters' fury and appealed the people to maintain peace.
;;-0.2235;;these people are brainwashed in such a way that they do not share information, they would not spill the beans under any circumstances, he added and urged maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to dig deeper and ask the police to investigate in detail.
;;0.5106;;the observer research foundation mumbai, which is organising the event, yesterday approached maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , seeking adequate security to kasuri after cancellation of ghulam ali's concert in the city.
;;0.0772;;in the past 10 years, he pointed out, vidarbha has hit international headlines with more than 11,000 debt-trapped cotton farmers' suicides and now chief minister devendrafadnavis has sought help from israel to arrest the trend.
;;-0.8591;;squarely blaming the bjp-led government for the tragedy, opposition congress asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to step down owning moral responsibility and demanded a cbi inquiry into it.
;;-0.8074;;file photo for representationfarmers across maharashtra has threatened a strike starting thursday after talks with chief minister devendrafadnavis on various issues including the long-pending demand of a loan waiver failed.
;;0.5574;;apart from the mutual search operation launched by two states to find 45-year-old dosi, chittorgarh mp cp joshi and udh minister of rajasthan shrichand kriplani had also reached mumbai where they met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and mumbai dgp to seek help.
;;0.7351;;in 2016, during a review meeting of coastal security chaired by union home minister rajnath singh in mumbai, a proposal was floated by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to create a central marine police force, on the lines of our central armed police forces (capf), which found support from a few other coastal states, too.
;;0.0;;when we heard that the home was up for sale through an estate agent, i spoke with chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is in davos and he immediately gave the green signal, tawde said.
;;0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday that his government would move supreme court on the bombay high court order.
;;-0.4019;;to a query on the mahadayi water dispute, he said he will attend the meeting convened by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to sort out the issue.
;;0.8271;;i would like to thank chief minister mr devendrafadnavis for providing excellent protection (provided to him) ever since i landed in mumbai airport (last evening), he said at the book launch.
;;-0.1531;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , when being asked about the outburst of shiv sena, said: sena has been our longtime associate, and as an able coalition partner, it should be with us in good times and bad.
;;0.4215;;in a letter addressed to chief minister devendrafadnavis , galgali had questioned that, at one end the bjp government is talking of taking back the reserved lands allotted to various organisations and on the other hand is allotting a prime land, reserved for gardens to its own and allowing construction.
;;-0.1027;;last week, the shiv sena strongly criticized it ruling ally, the bharatiya janata party, for ignoring the plight of the farmers though chief minister devendrafadnavis hails from the vidarbha region.
;;-0.5423;;chief minister devendrafadnavis appealed to people to venture out only if required and asked them to stay away from seafronts during high tide slots as it can prove fatal.
;;-0.5994;;after his death on tuesday, his mortal remains were flown to pune from udhampur on wednesday afternoon where maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis laid the wreath.
;;0.4215;;maha cm briefed on ground reality in n-k: shettardharwad, oct 15, 2016, dhns 1:21 ista team of bjp leaders from the state which met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai recently, ahead of the october 21 meeting on sharing the mahadayi river waters, has briefed him on the ground reality in north karnataka, according to senior bjp leader jagadish shettar.
;;0.4215;;an rti query filed by activist anil galgali recently found that chief minister devendrafadnavis had approved rs 8 lakh for a government employees' dance troupe to participate in a competition in bangkok in december.
;;0.5106;;a sahitya akademi and a padma shri awardee, he will be remembered forever for his writings which enthralled an entire generation, sonia said in a condolence message maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said urdu literature has lost a popular figure in fazli's demise.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis government is likely to go for an expansion ahead of the session and the talks are on to bring on board shiv sena to get the requisite numbers for crossing the half way mark.
;;-0.8886;;i don't believe in vip culture: fadnavismumbai, mar 2, 2015 (pti) 10:50 ista day after traffic policemen stalled movement of public vehicles to make way for his convoy, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today expressed regret for the inconvenience caused to people and insisted that he shuns vip culture.
;;-0.0634;;mumbai, mar 30, 2015, (pti) 14:55 istdefending his cabinet colleague girish mahajan who is being criticised for attending a children's event with a revolver tucked in his waist, chief minister devendrafadnavis said he has not broken any law.
;;0.6705;;fadnavis promises transparent governmentmumbai, oct 31, 2014, pti: 21:22 istpromising a transparent administration, maharashtra's new chief minister devendrafadnavis today said his government will bring in a legislation for better delivery of services to the people.
;;-0.34;;he was also under fire from chief minister devendrafadnavis for meeting former ipl chief lalit modi in london when the erstwhile congress-ncp government was in power.
;;0.0;;at the weekly cabinet meeting headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis where the issue came up for discussion, rs 10 crore has been set aside for the operations.
;;0.7351;;eight-year-old girl donates her savings to drought-hit farmersmumbai, sep 20, 2015, (pti) 19:45 istin a benevolent gesture, eight-year-old nagpur resident rashika joshi, met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and donated her piggy bank savings to the chief minister's relief fund for drought- affected farmers.
;;-0.5423;;the meeting, that was to be chaired by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on october 21 in mumbai, had to be postponed after goa chief minister laxmikant parsekar expressed his inability to attend it.
;;0.0;;on april 7, de's tweets were: devendrafadnavis is at it again!
;;-0.7227;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday took a serious note of the malfunctioning of the evms but rejected that it resulted in the defeat of the other political parties.
;;0.5719;;in fact, chief minister devendrafadnavis shares a good equation with aamir khan and the latter was also at the maharashtra rajani, the cultural extravaganza of the make in india week, which had to be cancelled after the grand stage at the girgaum chowpatty caught fire.
;;0.5574;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis stayed awake until the wee hours today, monitoring the law and order situation and following up the development on the supreme court front in the case, a senior official told pti.
;;-0.296;;on february 22, 1992, a young devendrafadnavis had got elected as a corporator to the nagpur municipal corporation and exactly 25 years later, on february 23, 2017, fadnavis, now cm, positioned the bjp as the no.
;;-0.8957;;chief minister devendrafadnavis introduced the bill of 'maharashtra mediapersons and media institutions (prevention of violence and damage or loss to property) act, 2017', in the lower house, which was passed without discussion in the absence of opposition members.
;;-0.2151;;no 'prima facie' evidence of wrongdoing by pankaja: fadnavisnew delhi, june 25, 2015, (pti) 18:22 istno discrepancies have been found prima facie in maharashtra minister pankaja munde clearing purchases worth rs 206 crore under the icds scheme without inviting tenders, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here today, but did not rule out ordering a probe.
;;-0.1027;;maharashtra to top country in conviction rate: fadnavismumbai, oct 31, 2015, (pti) 12:36 istmaharashtra has registered a phenomenal increase in crime conviction rate after bjp-led government came to power and the state is likely to emerge as india's leader on this front next year, chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.0;;however, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis clarified that slvs will not take away the rights of the urban local bodies (ulbs).
;;0.0;;last week, chief minister devendrafadnavis had offered a conditional waiver, but the offer was spurned.
;;0.0;;reacting to shiv senas outburst, chief minister devendrafadnavis said: they might not have read the full budget.
;;0.0;;on tuesday, the general administration department (gad), headed by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , came out with an order, notifying the appointment.
;;-0.7269;;following the public outrage, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis ordered a probe and said the guilty would not be spared.
;;0.0;;maria, a 1981 batch ips officer, met chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday night and presented his side of the case.
;;0.2263;;chief minister devendrafadnavis directed municipal corporation of greater mumbai (mcgm) to prepare a fresh plan within four months in place of the earlier one which drew criticism from various quarters that it has been ridden with flaws and showed little concern for the heritage structures of the city dating back to colonial days.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said the conditions and details of the scheme would be finalised by the committee.
;;-0.8316;;stung by severe criticism over the failure of the investigators, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday announced a team of police officials to assist the central bureau of investigation (cbi), which is handling the case.
;;0.6486;;fadnavis tweets create buzz on mmrca dealnew delhi, april 16, 2015, dhns: 1:40 istamid speculations over purchase of fighter aircraft for the iaf, three tweets by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis have created a buzz in the national capital on whether the narendra modi government would ask a foreign vendor to set up a manufacturing plant for fighter aircraft in india.
;;0.1779;;parab said they had sought help of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis as well as human rights commission against the unfair attitude of karnataka government towards local marathi people.
;;0.0;;in 2019, people are going to vote narendra modi again because what india could not achieve in 67 years, we have achieved a lot in the last four years, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis told pti in an interview here yesterday.
;;0.8658;;however, with desai's nomination, the bjp is hopeful of a positive attitude from the shiv sena on the ticklish issue of sharing power in maharashtra where chief minister devendrafadnavis will face a crucial floor test of his minority government nov 12.
;;0.0258;;mahadayi row: state bjp team meets fadnavisbengaluru, oct 13, 2016, dhns: 1:01 ista bjp delegation led by union minister ananth kumar on wednesday met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai and held discussions with him on the mahadayi river water sharing dispute.
;;0.2023;;report on maria-lalit modi meet submitted, cong slams top copmumbai, jun 23, 2015, (pti) 20:03 istmaharashtra additional chief secretary k p bakshi today submitted his report on mumbai police chief rakesh maria's meeting with tainted ex-ipl boss lalit modi to chief minister devendrafadnavis , based on which the government is soon expected to take a decision.
;;0.0;;has he informed chief minister devendrafadnavis in his response?
;;0.0;;this move comes barely a few days after the state chief minister devendrafadnavis had been making claims that rajan will be brought only to mumbai.
;;0.4939;;we are committed to provide reservation to the maratha community, chief minister devendrafadnavis said after the weekly cabinet meeting, which among other things, increased the upper limit of the economically backward class to rs 6 lakh.
;;0.0;;erect r.k. laxman memorial in mumbai: familymumbai, feb 1, 2015 (ians) 13:37 istthe proposed memorial to legendary cartoonist r. k. laxman, announced by chief minister devendrafadnavis in pune last week, must be erected in mumbai, his family has urged.
;;0.8442;;the meeting assumes significance as it comes just a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis said that sena representatives will not be inducted into the state's bjp government before it wins the trust vote.
;;0.0;;in an official release here, guardian minister of thane eknath shinde said that following persistent demands by elected representatives of thane to undertake various development projects in the district on priority, chief minister devendrafadnavis was urged to sanction one more business district in the mmr region.
;;-0.8625;;fadnavis denies holding up us-bound air india flightmumbai, july 2, 2015, dhns: 2:28 istfacing criticism for delaying an us-bound air india flight, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday dismissed as a blatant lie and misleading the reports that he refused to travel till bureaucrat praveensinh pardeshi managed to organise his right passport and visa papers.
;;0.0;;paying tributes to padgaonkar on behalf of people of maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said he enriched marathi literature.
;;0.5511;;before setting out, she made a plea to chief minister devendrafadnavis to make sure that their members are not detained on the way, as the authorities did during the earlier campaign.
;;0.3818;;mumbai, dec 5, 2014, (pti): 11:38 istweeks after squabbling over allocation of portfolios, the shiv sena will finally join the bjp-led government today when chief minister devendrafadnavis expands his cabinet.
;;0.8591;;ekbote also said the samiti has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis , inviting him to attend a function to honour sambhaji bhide guruji, a former rss activist, with the veer jeeva mahale award.
;;-0.4939;;ai flight to us delayed as maha cm aide 'forgot' visa documentnew delhi, june 30, 2015 (pti): 21:25 istnational carrier air india had to delay the departure of its newark flight from mumbai by nearly an hour after it was reported that the principal secretary to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had not carried his passport with valid visa.
;;0.6486;;as per the directives of the special tada court, rejection of mercy petitions by the president, governor and the orders of the supreme court, yakub abdul razak memon was hanged in nagpur central jail at 7 am, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, told the maharashtra assembly.
;;-0.5994;;implement srikrishna panel report on 1992-93 riots: azmimumbai, aug 3, 2015, (pti) 20:58 istin the wake of the execution of 1993 mumbai bomb blasts convict yakub memon last week, samajwadi party leader abu azmi has written a letter to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis demanding swift action on the findings of the srikrishna commission.
;;-0.6486;;we have written to chief minister devendrafadnavis and also other chief ministers to ban the play as it hurts religious sentiments, catholic secular forum (csf) general secretary joseph dias told pti here today.
;;0.7184;;all the vvips including chief minister devendrafadnavis , shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, amitabh bachchan and aamir khan were safely evacuated to safer areas.
;;0.4019;;yes yakub memon has been hanged at 7 am sharp and his body is being handed over to his family, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis informed pti in a text message.
;;0.0;;in the meeting, chief minister devendrafadnavis responded to the issue of more transparency in the governance raised by the shiv sena ministers.
;;0.0;;22 pm was put under control, chief minister devendrafadnavis told reporters.
;;-0.2057;;at the same time, the ruling alliance partner also pointed out that in other municipal councils, the bjp has not performed well and thus, chief minister devendrafadnavis should introspect what led to a change in mood of the masses in just one year of his government's rule.
;;0.0;;choosing maharashtra ministers is tightrope walkmumbai, oct 29, 2014, dhns: 1:15 istchoosing his council of ministers will be a tightrope walk for maharashtra chief minister-designate devendrafadnavis , as there will be a need to do a balancing act in the run up to the formation of the bjp-led government.
;;0.0258;;chief minister devendrafadnavis retained the home department, a portfolio sought by the sena.
;;0.0;;thereafter, bjp president amit shah flew to mumbai and along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis met uddhav and his son and yuva sena president aditya.
;;0.6808;;he said chief minister devendrafadnavis is supportive towards the initiative and that he will extend all help and co-operation from his end.
;;0.0;;the eight-member panel, headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis , will comprise senior ncp leader sharad pawar and senior state ministers from both bjp and shiv sena.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had paid tributes to col mahadik in pune last night when the the army officer's mortal remains were brought there en route to his native satara district.
;;-0.5994;;amid the war of words between maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray in the wake of twin bypolls, union shipping minister nitin gadkari said that the alliance is on the principles of hindutva and it must continue.
;;-0.5859;;the issue drew widespread condemnation following which maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis ordered a probe and the city police registered a case against the firm.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had sought the information yesterday.
;;0.0;;decisions will be taken in consultation with the state governments, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis told reporters.
;;0.6486;;director general of police sanjeev dayal and mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria met chief minister devendrafadnavis shortly after the supreme court verdict and the governor's decision in the matter.
;;0.8225;;chief minister devendrafadnavis welcomed the budget proposals terming them as growth oriented and with many positive schemes for the farming community.
;;-0.8176;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has ordered that all illegal structures be 'demolished on a war footing'.
;;0.7184;;our leaders do not wear mask: sena on fadnavis' poll remarksmumbai, may 27, 2015 (pti) 11:40 istshiv sena today hit back at maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis over his remarks that going solo in the assembly polls brought out bjp's true strength, saying sena leaders do not wear mask or makeup.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said the government will give rs five lakh to the kin of the deceased.
;;-0.1779;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , while expressing willingness to hold talks with the agitating farmers, alleged that it was the opposition ncp and congress who were instigating them.
;;-0.2263;;fadnavis meets uddhav, announces memorial to bal thackeraymumbai, nov 17, 2017, (ians): 17:46 istfor the first time in nearly three months, chief minister devendrafadnavis met shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray amidst protests by some sena activists at bal thackeray's memorial here monday.
;;0.6705;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, who led the campaign for their respective parties, preferred to speak with caution on a possible post-poll alliance and claim to the mayoral post.
;;0.8126;;i would like to congratulate chief minister devendrafadnavis and the bjp workers for the tremendous support.
;;-0.1779;;when pointed out that chief minister devendrafadnavis had already spoken of bringing in a bill to allow the bullock cart races, landge said we want the bill to be brought in the first week of the current session itself, as village jatras (rural fairs) are beginning and people are being denied of the races.
;;-0.0708;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis defended the demonetisation decision, saying those opposing modi were harming the country and that people should come together to win this decisive battle against black money.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and several of his cabinet colleagues and ministers of state were present.
;;-0.1779;;rakesh maria gets a breathermumbai, june 25, 2015, dhns: 1:48 istmumbai police commissioner rakesh maria, who has been embroiled in a raging controversy over meeting former ipl boss lalit modi in london in june 2014, on wednesday night got a much-needed breather from maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who virtually gave him a clean chit.
;;0.296;;bollywood music composer duo sajid-wajid join bjpmumbai, dec 25, 2016, (pti) 10:31 istbollywood music composer duo sajid and wajid ali today joined bjp in the presence of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis here.
;;0.8519;;maha cm to seek trust vote after speaker's election on nov 12mumbai, nov 10, 2014 (pti): 10:04 istwith the three-day special session of maharashtra assembly beginning here today, chief minister devendrafadnavis will seek a trust vote after election of speaker on november 12.
;;0.5106;;women have right to pray; hold talks to end temple row: fadnavismumbai, jan 26, 2016, pti: 21:28 istmaintaining that women have right to pray, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today favoured a dialogue between authorities of shani shingnapur temple and activists to find a way out over the ban on entry of female devotees into the inner sanctum of the shrine.
;;0.3612;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis was quick to respond to sharma's angst and assured him that strict action would be taken against the culprit.
;;0.0;;patil said chief minister siddaramaiah had appealed to union chemicals and fertilisers minister ananth kumar to prevail upon maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on the issue.
;;0.0;;the announcement was made by chief minister devendrafadnavis in the maharashtra assembly in nagpur, where the winter session is underway.
;;0.0865;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has asked all departments to prepare a list of measures on how to generate more revenue and cut down on expenditure, he said, adding that a special cabinet meeting would be held next month to discuss this.
;;0.7506;;chief minister devendrafadnavis is keen that the shiv sena join the government so that bjp does not have to depend on the unconditional outside support of the ncp.
;;0.5719;;a delegation of muslim legislators had on friday submitted a memorandum to chief minister devendrafadnavis seeking that december 24, which will be celebrated as prophet mohammed's birthday, to be declared a 'dry day' (no liquor sales).
;;0.4019;;the bjp bowed out after it found itself unable to make a clean sweep and a series of back-channel talks between emissaries of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
;;0.0;;based on it, we would decide the further course of action, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, said.
;;0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is heading the home department, should take action to ensure that the culprits are brought to book immediately, she said.
;;-0.2263;;the instruction came after a controversy erupted over incidents involving maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister kiren rijiju in which flights were delayed.
;;0.0772;;gujarat chief minister anandiben patel, her counterpart from maharashtra devendrafadnavis and karnataka's siddaramaiah will not be part of the prime minister's entourage but will travel separately to be in beijing when modi reaches there, sources said here today.
;;0.3612;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has assured journalists bodies that speedy action would be taken.
;;0.5423;;ten shiv sena members and an equal number of bjp members were sworn-in as chief minister devendrafadnavis undertook the first expansion of his council of ministers taking the strength from 10 to 30.
;;0.5994;;maharashtra's home department, headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis , had, however, assured the organiser of full security.
;;-0.2732;;the allegations against tawde, 51, a key minister in the government led by chief minister devendrafadnavis , comes close on the charges that he had acquired a engineering degree from the pune-based dnyaneshwar vidyapeeth which is not recognised by ugc or aicte or maharashtras directorate of technical education.
;;0.0;;however, chief minister devendrafadnavis has defended tawde, calling the controversy a non-issue.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis just invited us for the tea party as a formality.
;;-0.0516;;desai said if both men and women are going to be banned from stepping on the chabutara, activists of bhoomata brigade should be given an opportunity to perform the last pooja on the sacred platform in the temple in ahmednagar district, in the presence of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and sri sri ravi shankar.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has issued invitations for the event and the global citizen india website also mentions maharashtra government as a strategic partner, nirupam stated in a memorandum.
;;0.0;;oppn lashes out at fadnavis over commentmumbai, nov 5, 2015, dhns: 1:23 istthe opposition the congress and the ncp in maharashtra lashed out at chief minister devendrafadnavis statement that the bureaucracy has not been cooperating with the state government.
;;-0.3818;;he is also heard describing chief minister devendrafadnavis as helpless in the face of pressure from above and from influential individuals like builder and malabar hill mla mangal prabhat lodha and ridiculing raj thackeray as a bogus leader.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis is away in japan on a visit.
;;0.0;;the decision came during an all-party meeting convened by chief minister devendrafadnavis on the issue saturday morning.
;;0.0;;in a meeting held on tuesday, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis held discussions with simon c p hsing and vincent huang of foxconn with regards to setting up of a manufacturing facility in the state.
;;0.5423;;chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the situation and appealed the people to maintain peace.
;;0.0258;;new delhi, feb 24, 2017, dhns: 1:57 istchief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday lived up to the bjps poster boy image as the party managed to put up a neck-and-neck fight with ally shiv sena in mumbai.
;;0.6369;;maha cm orders probe over farmer's widow suicidemumbai, june 14, 2015, dhns 1:30 istin a first-of-its-kind incident, the widow of a farmer from the yavatmal district of vidarbha ended her life nearly 100 days after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis met her and assured help from the government.
;;0.0772;;the decision to make toilets mandatory for those contesting local body polls was taken at a meeting of maharashtra cabinet, chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis here today.
;;0.4588;;at a formal event, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister of road transport, highways and shipping nitin gadkari dedicated the bridge to the people.
;;-0.1027;;the bhumata brigade, a women's outfit spearheading the campaign against the ban on female devotees entering the sacred platform at shani shingnapur temple in ahmednagar district submitted a memorandum to chief minister devendrafadnavis seeking his support to the move, after police foiled their attempt to storm the shrine.
;;-0.9231;;the sena, a junior partner in the bjp-led governments in maharashtra and at the centre, also locked horns with chief minister devendrafadnavis for criticising it, saying he had failed to understand maharashtra and that his condemnation of the incident brought the state a bad name.
;;0.0258;;i have already discussed the issue with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and will discuss the matter with other states, including karnataka, telangana, andhra pradesh, odisha, chattisgarh, jharkhand, uttar pradesh and rajasthan, she added.
;;-0.4707;;shani shingnapur issue now in maharashtra cm's courtahmednagar/mumbai: feb 7, 2016, dhns: 0:50 istthe vexed issue of whether or not to allow women to enter the sanctum sanctorum of the shani shingnapur temple in ahmednagar district on saturday reached the court of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis after the meeting of the temple administration and protesting womens body remained inconclusive.
;;-0.8176;;mumbai, aug 6, 2016 (pti) 11:26 istshiv sena today took potshots at maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis over the mahad tragedy, saying he should stop aerial visits to mishap sites and demanded guardian ministers be barred from flying inside the state to understand its road and bridge conditions.
;;0.5106;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has asked the state police to discontinue the practice of giving the guard of honour in every district, he visits, calling it a waste of time and resources.
;;0.4019;;boosting moralewith collective initiative, we have to boost the morale of farmers and help them tide over the crisis, chief minister devendrafadnavis has said.
;;0.0;;the congress, however, refuted the allegation and dubbed the probe ordered by chief minister devendrafadnavis as a political stunt.
;;0.5106;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , however, took strong exception towards a section of sena leaders who are not part of talks for speaking out of turn.
;;-0.4019;;mumbai, apr 19, 2015 (pti) 10:08 istamidst protests by its ally shiv sena against setting up a nuclear power project in jaitapur, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said that the project has now reached a stage from where there is no option of going back.
;;-0.128;;mrityunjay bose, dh news service, mumbai, jun 6 2017, 17:01 istas the farmers strike in maharashtra entered the sixth day on tuesday, chief minister devendrafadnavis that his government is working towards implementation of what would be the biggest ever farm loan waiver.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had a close shave when a vvip helicopter carrying him developed a technical snag immediately after take off - its rotor snapped electric cables and crash-landed at nilanga in latur district, nearly 530 kms way from mumbai.
;;0.0;;on 13 may 2017, the helicopter of chief minister devendrafadnavis , while on a visit to the maoist-affected gadchiroli district, developed a technical snag after it landed, forcing him to return to nagpur by road.
;;0.128;;he was calm, composed: wifeamruta fadnavis, the wife of chief minister devendrafadnavis , said that he was calm and composed after the accident.
;;-0.0258;;expressing shock over the incident, chief minister devendrafadnavis assured in-depth investigation.
;;0.0258;;he said that after the proposal is received, the matter will be taken up with chief minister devendrafadnavis for further action.
;;-0.2263;;earlier this week, an air india flight from mumbai to new york, with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on board, was reportedly delayed by nearly an hour.
;;-0.3612;;neither state chief minister devendrafadnavis nor any central left leader attended the funeral.
;;0.0;;elected representatives had recently urged maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to release water from koyna dam into river krishna to meet drinking water needs of villages in belagavi, vijayapura and bagalkot districts.
;;0.3182;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who practised yoga with a select group of jail inmates in central prison on mumbai's wardha road, praised prime minister modi for giving an international status to yoga and called for not to mix yoga with religion and politics.
;;-0.2263;;this comes as a major shot in the arm for chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is often facing trouble from the shiv sena, bjps alliance partner, with the latter opposing the government on several important issues.
;;-0.2263;;the mishap was very unfortunate and was handled very well under the able leadership of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , sitharaman said today at the make in india week at bkc.
;;0.4404;;several political and film personalities, including chief minister devendrafadnavis , amitabh bachchan and aamir khan, were present at the venue and they were quickly evacuated to a safe area.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the government will give rs 5 lakh to the kin of the deceased.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis is likely to make a statement in the legislative assembly, which is in session, later in the day.
;;-0.8519;;the incident triggered outrage and many senior leaders, including maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , ncp chief sharad pawar, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray and leader of opposition in state assembly radhakrishna vikhe patil, had condemned the attack on pansare.
;;-0.5106;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, has stated that the miscreants behind the communal riots would not be spared.
;;0.3818;;appeal to cmhe appealed to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to ensure transparency and provide the details.
;;-0.8271;;i will meet chief minister devendrafadnavis and demand the formulation of a law which will fast track rape-related cases and the accused, if proven guilty, is hanged within a month of committing the crime, he added.
;;0.8316;;fadnavis hints at mending ties with senanew delhi, nov 23, 2014, dhns: 11:01 istas the nationalist congress party (ncp) sent mixed signals on supporting the bjp government in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday described estranged ally the shiv sena a friend and dropped hints of a rapprochement.
;;-0.4404;;the land allotment to malini has run into controversy after rti activist anil galgali brought the issue to the fore and demanded that chief minister devendrafadnavis either cancel the allotment or charge the price of the land at market rate from the bjp mp.
;;0.0;;the government's assistance to cbi on the directions of chief minister devendrafadnavis and their swiftness in taking the case forward led to the premier investigation agency filing the charge sheet before time, he said.
;;-0.1779;;fadnavis's plan for mumbai ceo sparks rowmumbai, nov 7, 2014, (dhns): 1:37 istchief minister devendrafadnavis move to appoint a ceo for mumbai has triggered controversy, with the shiv sena accusing the ruling bjp of attempting to separate mumbai from the rest of maharashtra.
;;0.0;;cabinet expansion next week;talks with sena still possible:cmnagpur, nov 16, 2014, (pti): 21:04 istwhile announcing that his cabinet will be expanded next week, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said that the doors were still open for talks with estranged ally shiv sena.
;;-0.128;;mumbai, oct 12, 2015, (pti): 20:52 istopposition in maharashtra has criticised shiv sena for blackening the face of orf chairman sudheendra kulkarni and has held maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis responsible for the incident.
;;0.0;;maha cm must intervene: senathe shiv sena, the ruling alliance partner of the bjp in maharashtra, on saturday asked maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to intervene in the wake of reported atrocities against the marathi-speaking people in belagavi, reports dhns from mumbai.
;;0.0;;this has come as a litmus test for maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is from the brahmin community.
;;0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said the maharashtra government will decide on whether to approach the supreme court after going through the order.
;;-0.5719;;one of the biggest setbacks to bjp was in nagpur district, the home turf of chief minister devendrafadnavis and union transport and shipping minister nitin gadkari, as the party failed miserably in all the three councils of kuhi, hingana and bhiwapur.
;;0.0772;;chief minister devendrafadnavis today cleared the proposal put up by the scrutiny committee, which recommends security cover to the person who is under a threat perception.
;;-0.4404;;sena, bjp calm down on govt anniversarymumbai, nov 1, 2015, dhns: 1:25 istthe war of words between maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray seemed to subside and an uneasy calm prevailed in the camps of the two saffron alliance partners on saturday, the day the government completed one year.
;;-0.7096;;sena asks will flights be delayed for sick persons alsomumbai, jul 3, 2015 (pti) 14:48 isttaking a dig at chief minister devendrafadnavis for allegedly delaying an air india flight after an official in his team forgot to carry proper travel documents, alliance partner shiv sena today asked if similar social work would be done for an ill person as well.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis also laid a wreath.
;;-0.2263;;chief minister devendrafadnavis expressed shock over his death, saying: we have lost a sensitive leader, a great parliamentarian and a true human being.
;;0.3182;;accordingly, chief minister devendrafadnavis intends to expand his council of ministers by next week so that the new bjp dispensations first full-fledged session runs smoothly.
;;0.0;;after his name cropped up, the ministry of home affairs took cognisance of the issue and even maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis asked mumbai police commissioner datta padsalgikar to probe into zakir naiks speeches and also his contacts and source of funding.
;;0.5875;;won't align with cong, won't abandon transparency agenda: devendra fadnavismumbai, feb 25, 2017 (pti) 19:59 istthe bjp will not have a post-poll understanding with the congress in the bmc and not abandon the transparency agenda, its plank in the civic polls, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said.
;;0.4939;;mumbai to get 6,000 cctv cameras by 2016mumbai, feb 7, 2015 (ians): 21:09 istthe long-pending proposal for electronic surveillance in mumbai finally got underway saturday with the maharashtra government signing an agreement to install 6,000 cctv cameras by september 2016, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here.
;;-0.1513;;maharashtra to send revised drought aid proposal to centrenagpur/mumbai, dec 18, 2014, dhns 0:12 istunseasonal rain compounds problemsdescribing the drought situation as extremely serious, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has decided to send a revised memorandum to the centre including 5,700 more villages to the initial tally of around 19,000 villages.
;;-0.4767;;khurshid mahmud kasuris memoir, neither a hawk nor a dove: an insiders account of pakistans foreign policy, was launched in mumbai amid tight security after maharashtras bjp chief minister devendrafadnavis condemned the attack.
;;0.34;;the organisers cancelled the concert after a meeting with sena chief uddhav thackeray even though maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had assured of adequate protection to ali.
;;-0.743;;meanwhile, delegation of mumbai journalists called on chief minister devendrafadnavis and demanded that the attackers in these cases must be dealt with seriously and booked under non-bailable sections.
;;0.7717;;while welcoming chief minister devendrafadnavis stand on this issue, the party feels the government needs to clarify its stand on certain related aspects, an aap spokesperson said.
;;0.3182;;the decision to shelve the development plan 2034 was taken at a meeting of the state cabinet chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis , who directed the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) to prepare a fresh plan within four months.
;;0.5859;;maha session begins; sena says no talks on with bjpmumbai, nov 10, 2014 (pti): 14:47 istshiv sena legislators today occupied opposition benches as the special three-day session of maharashtra assembly began here during which chief minister devendrafadnavis will seek a trust vote as mandated by the governor when he stakes claim to form the government.
;;0.1027;;the decision for maharashtra to purchase the home was cleared by chief minister devendrafadnavis and the state cabinet gave its final nod to the proposal in february this year.
;;0.5106;;man linked to security lapse at pm event in mumbai heldmumbai, nov 7, 2014, (pti): 21:25 ista man who posed as a public servant and gained unauthorised entry into the swearing-in ceremony of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis where he shared dais with prime minister narendra modi, has been arrested.
;;0.2023;;government agrees for loan waiver for farmers, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted.
;;0.0;;over the last four days, since maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis arrived in mumbai after his tour to japan, bakshi had several one-on-one meetings with the chief minister and had sought a detailed report of the probe from director general of police sanjeev dayal.
;;0.7234;;the minister said that he would speak to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , urging him not to disturb the peaceful environment in the state by raking up the boundary row or create confusion on the issue as it had been resolved already.
;;-0.5574;;we have asked chief minister devendrafadnavis , to ban use of alcohol and pork also in the state.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday similarly reiterated that the prime minister is going to baramati to witness an agriculture science exhibition.
;;-0.8211;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted that extremely saddened & shocked to know about the murud incident where 14 students lost their lives.
;;-0.6597;;the development comes after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis chided the shiv sena for bringing the state a bad name due to the protests against former pakistan foreign minister khurshid mahmood kasuri's book launch in mumbai.
;;0.0;;sachin speaks out against toll tax in maharashtramumbai, march 13, 2015 (ians) 13:27 istcricketing legend and bharat ratna sachin tendulkar has written to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , drawing his attention to the physical and mental toll on citizens over toll tax.
;;-0.34;;under fire from the opposition, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis yesterday had set a 48 hour deadline to police to nab the culprits.
;;0.0;;recently in kolhapur, chief minister devendrafadnavis had pitched for the law.
;;-0.5574;;mumbai meeting on mahadayi river dispute postponedoctober 20, 2016, mumbai, dhns 2:10 istthe meeting to resolve the long-pending mahadayi river dispute  that was to be chaired by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday  has been postponed.
;;0.5994;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis assured that the function would be held and full security would be provided.
;;-0.1027;;chief minister devendrafadnavis will go to pune and pay homage to laxman, whose body is being kept for public viewing at a private college here.
;;0.1531;;resolve boundary dispute before kalasa-banduri: shiv sena mpbelagavi, oct 31, 2015, dhns: 1:51 istshiv sena leader and rajya sabha member sanjay raut has urged maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis not to hold talks with karnataka on kalasa-banduri nala project until the karnataka-maharashtra boundary row was resolved.
;;0.0;;i have ordered an inquiry and asked the police to submit report in two days time, said chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday.
;;0.0;;bagde, the mla from phulambhari in aurangabad district, was escorted to the speaker's chair by chief minister devendrafadnavis , ncp leader ajit pawar, congress leader radhakrishna vikhe patil, shiv sena leader eknath shinde and senior most legislator ganpatrao deshmukh of pwp.
;;0.4019;;when in mumbai, they will also submit a memorandum to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis seeking support for their demands.
;;0.0;;the fact that i have spent a couple of years at royals in the role of a mentor, i have seen the other side of what the sport is, dravid, who was present as a chief guest at the convocation of international institute of sports management along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , said.
;;-0.802;;cbi has accepted request to probe sheena murder case: fadnavismumbai, sep 21, 2015 (pti) 20:58 istthe cbi has accepted maharashtra government's request to take over the probe into the sheena bora murder case which involved many financial transactions, chief minister devendrafadnavis today said.
;;0.5943;;co-passengers come out in support of maharashtra cm fadnavisnew york, jul 3, 2015, (pti) 10:25 isttwo passengers travelling on the same us-bound air india aircraft from mumbai as maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis have come out in his support, saying he did not delay the flight even as he has threatened legal action once he returns to india.
;;0.5106;;pti: 13:14 isthours before devendrafadnavis government faces trust vote, the shiv sena today said it will vote against it in the maharashtra assembly.
;;0.3612;;after the weekly cabinet meeting, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that the plan has been scrapped and the municipal corporation of greater mumbai (mcgm) has been asked to submit a new reworked plan within four months.
;;-0.5667;;maha govt is not in favor of reopening dance bars: fadnavisnagpur, dec 23, 2015 (pti) 18:54 iststating that the state government is not in favour of reopening of dance bars, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today told the legislative assembly that his government is framing new set of rules for these establishments.
;;-0.6597;;bal thackeray memorial to come up at mumbai mayor's bungalowmumbai,nov 17, 2015 (pti) 15:47 istsetting aside irritants in their ties, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray today came together to pay tributes to sena founder bal thackeray on his death anniversary and announced the plan to set up a grand memorial for him at the mayor's bungalow in shivaji park area here.
;;0.7845;;meanwhile, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , veteran crusader anna hazare, national congress party (ncp) president sharad pawar and other party leaders like sunil tatkare, ajit pawar, supriya sule, nawab malik, jitendra awhad and dilip walse-patil were present.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis met javadekar and discussed environmental clearances for various projects in the state, official sources said.
;;0.836;;when pointed out that no top bjp leader was present to support her during her briefing unlike when education minister vinod tawde's held a press meet yesterday, munde said no less a person than chief minister devendrafadnavis had come out in her support and she enjoyed the complete backing of her party.
;;-0.9099;;it also means more trouble for chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is already reeling under various problems: the rs 206-crore anganwadi scam in which the name of late gopinath munde's daughter and women and child development minister pankaja figures, the alleged fake educational qualifications of senior ministers vinod tawde and babanrao lonikar, and mumbai police chief rakesh maria's july 2014 meeting with ipl ex-chief lalit modi in london.
;;0.0;;one of them said: devendrafadnavis is at it again!
;;0.4436;;raut said he was not really surprised as maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had spoken about saam, daam, dand and bhed (all means and methods) to win the crucial bypolls.
;;-0.6745;;fadnavis refutes delaying flight, to take legal action on the issuemumbai, jul 2, 2015 (pti); 19:43 istchief minister devendrafadnavis today stuck to his stand that he did not delay the air india flight he took to the us, dubbing the reports in this regard as misleading and said that on returning home he will initiate criminal defamation proceedings in the matter.
;;0.5859;;in the run-up to the palghar lok sabha bypoll, the sena chief had released an audio clip of chief minister devendrafadnavis , purportedly asking the bjp workers to use all possible means to win the election.
;;-0.7269;;activists seek cm's intervention in shani temple rowmumbai, jan 27, 2016, dhns: 0:58 ista day after protests over non-entry of women to the sanctum sanctorum of shani temple in ahmednagar, agitators met chief minister devendrafadnavis and urged him to reverse the restriction.
;;0.0;;the mumbai incident involves a us-bound delegation of the chief minister devendrafadnavis earlier this week.
;;0.3818;;the state's counsel, srihari aney, said that chief minister devendrafadnavis had assured that he would personally look into the matter.
;;0.3493;;the strike was called off after chief minister devendrafadnavis assured them that their business would not be affected.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has stated that he would make a detailed briefing on july 29, a day before the scheduled hanging.
;;0.6597;;fresh face fadnavis has task cut outmumbai, oct 29, 2014, dhns: 1:13 istlacks ministerial experience, but has management skillsmaharashtra chief minister-designate devendrafadnavis has several big tasks in hand even as the bharatiya janata partys (bjp) latest poster boy is all set to take charge.
;;0.1109;;pakistani singer ghulam ali's concert in mumbai was last week called off following threats from the sena, despite a snub to it by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis who said adequate protection would be provided to ali and that the concert, organised in memory of late ghazal singer jagjit singh, would be held according to schedule.
;;-0.4404;;tawde had earlier spoken to chief minister devendrafadnavis following which the decision was taken to buy the house that was on the block for rs 35 crores.
;;0.0772;;our dream of ban on cow slaughter becomes a reality now, a pleased chief minister devendrafadnavis said in a tweet.
;;0.2023;;farmers have called off the strikegovernment agrees for loan waiver for farmers, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted.
;;0.0;;shah, along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and other bjp leaders, met dixit at her residence in suburban mumbai as part of the saffron party's sampark se samarthan (contact for support) campaign.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and senior minister vinod tawde were among those who visited the hospital on tuesday to enquire about pawar's health.
;;0.7269;;it could be judiciary vs legislaturehours after the supreme court ordered the maharashtra government to grant licences to dance bars by march 15, chief minister devendrafadnavis said that it would bring in a legislation, dhns reports from mumbai.
;;0.0;;after the high-voltage march to the temple by the bhumata brigade volunteers, which was foiled mid-way, chief minister devendrafadnavis called for a dialogue between temple authorities and activists to find a way out of the row.
;;-0.9118;;maha dalit killings: raj asks cm for action to nab culpritsmumbai, nov 2, 2014, (pti) 15:29 istmns chief raj thackeray today called on newly-appointed state chief minister devendrafadnavis and asked him to take steps to arrest culprits of the last month's gruesome murder of three members of a dalit family at a village in ahmednagar district.
;;-0.3612;;he raised doubt on devendrafadnavis nationalism.
;;0.5574;;maratha reservations: maha govt to approach sc, says fadnavismumbai, nov 14, 2014 (pti): 14:16 istmaharashtra government has decided to approach the supreme court after the bombay high court stayed the decision to give 16 per cent reservation to marathas in public service and educational institutions, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here today.
;;0.5719;;the sena also asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to be alert against pakistani agents like kulkarni.
;;0.1531;;fadnavis must stand up against k'taka govt's move on belgaum:senamumbai, nov 4, 2014 (pti): 11:21 istshiv sena today urged maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to step up offensive against the karnataka government's decision to change belgaums name to belagavi, to protect the interests of the marathi-speaking people.
;;-0.5267;;it sparked instant response from chief minister devendrafadnavis , who requested sharma to provide the authorities with the necessary information to punish the culprit.
;;0.765;;comedy show snowballs into major controversymumbai, feb 3, 2015, dhns: 2:14 ista (funny) bone to pickthe aib knockout comedy show is turning into a major controversy with chief minister devendrafadnavis assuring that action will be initiated if any wrongdoing comes to light.
;;0.0;;soon, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted back and announced a probe and also asked municipal commissioner ajoy mehta to look into the issue.
;;0.0258;;navi mumbai, apr 9, 2016 (pti) 15:16 ista day after chief minister devendrafadnavis said he is fine with the ipl moving out of the drought-affected maharashtra, his party colleague and bcci secretary anurag thakur today warned that doing so will result in a loss of rs 100 cr for the state.
;;0.1027;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had cleared both the appointments before he left for japan on monday night.
;;-0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and his ministers have come under sharp attack from leader of opposition in maharashtra legislative assembly radhakrishna vikhe-patil (congress) and his counterpart in the council dhananjay munde (ncp).
;;-0.4939;;cms cross swords over dismantling of planning commissionnew delhi, dec 13, 2014 (pti): 19:50 istuttarkhand chief minister harish rawat today criticised the move to dismantle planning commission saying it has created uncertainty in the country, a view countered by maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis who claimed the new framework will give more rights to states.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, ordered a probe into the incident late on friday night.
;;0.6414;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , the head of the bjp-minority government in the state, on wednesday refrained from committing to the shiv sena and made it clear that he would not expand his council of ministers until after the vote of confidence on november 12.
;;0.4404;;security to be provided to visiting dignitaries: fadnavismumbai, oct 12, 2015, pti: 14:49 istagainst the backdrop of paint smearing attack on sudheendra kulkarni and cancellation of ghulam ali's concert due to shiv sena opposition, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said security will be provided to all dignitaries visiting the state.
;;0.0;;bjp-sena rule in maha after 15 years; 20 ministers inductedmumbai, dec 5, 2014, (pti) 18:04 istbjp and shiv sena are ruling maharashtra once again after 15 years with the induction of ten ministers from shiv sena in the 35-day old devendrafadnavis government in maharashtra this afternoon.
;;0.1882;;chief minister devendrafadnavis called up uddhavji and said they want us to be a part of the new government and that they are not interested in taking the support of ncp.
;;-0.2263;;in fact, we have convened our demands to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , after the shani shingnapur protests, she said.
;;0.4588;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis sought to outsmart others by opening up his heart to welcome investments from expat indians to his state.
;;-0.6249;;earlier, a rift developed among agitators as a group of farmers decided to call off the protest after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a partial loan waiver for small and marginal farmers on june 3.
;;0.0;;the refinery will produce petrol, diesel, lpg, atf and feedstock for petrochemical plants in plastic, chemical and textile industries in maharashtra, said pradhan, who discussed the setting up of the refinery with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai yesterday.
;;-0.1779;;woman scribe asked to shift from front row; sena seeks apologymumbai, may 1, 2015, (pti) 14:22 ista woman journalist being asked to shift from the front row reserved for media to make way for monks at a function to felicitate chief minister devendrafadnavis has triggered a controversy with a shiv sena leader demanding an apology from the event organisers.
;;0.0;;on thursday, several events were held in mumbai, pune, kolhapur and other parts where people appealed to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, to expedite the probe.
;;-0.296;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is under pressure to take a decision, has got a report on mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria meeting with his former-ipl boss in the uk without bringing it to the notice of the earlier congress regime.
;;0.34;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis also welcomed the centre's decision.
;;-0.0772;;centre last word on gm crops; nod for confined field trialmumbai, feb 1, 2015 (pti) 10:25 istthough maharashtra government has given 'no objection certificate' for field trials of some genetically modified (gm) crops, the centre will take a final call on whether to allow such crops in the market or not, chief minister devendrafadnavis has said.
;;0.0;;for the shiv sena, it is going to be the call of its president uddhav thackeray, while maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis  the architect of the bjps landslide victory in the civic elections  may have to consult prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.5423;;the run-up to the elections saw mud-slinging between top leaders of both the parties  including maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
;;0.0;;siddaramaiah in his letter stated that he will soon be sending the proposal to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis for his concurrence.
;;0.7783;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, in a recent meeting with officials at mantralaya, has decided to withdraw the circular, advocate general srihari aney on tuesday told a division bench of the bombay high court comprising justice v m kanade and justice shalini phansalkar joshi.
;;0.6124;;pti file photothe bombay high court today asked striking resident doctors in maharashtra to resume work immediately while chief minister devendrafadnavis appealed to them to call of the four-day stir, assuring security in hospitals.
;;0.5106;;the meeting between the two leaders holds significance as chief minister devendrafadnavis had last week said that doors for shiv sena to join the government still remain open before the winter session begins on december 8.
;;0.4588;;those who want to teach nationalism and patriotism to our chief minister devendrafadnavis should remember that the national tricolour was not unfurled atop their party office (sena bhavan).
;;0.4019;;pti photoamruta fadnavis, the banker wife of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , has demanded exemption from levying the gst on sanitary napkins prepared by self help groups (shgs).
;;-0.875;;cm devendrafadnavis has expressed shock and grief over the accidental death of 8 persons at pargaon-khandala.
;;0.0516;;hi said it's donating rs 10 lakh to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in its attempt to offer a helping hand to fight the severe drought in the state.
;;-0.2023;;meanwhile, maharashtra dgp sanjeev dayal and mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria met chief minister devendrafadnavis at vidhan bhavan here soon after governor c vidyasagar rao rejected memon's mercy plea.
;;0.4939;;probe into melee which led to fadnavis's apology indicts copsmumbai, mar 6, 2015 (pti) 15:14 istan inquiry into the ruckus outside a city club where policemen jostled with members to prevent their entry during a function attended by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , indicted the cops, concluding that the situation could have been handled better.
;;0.3182;;please take my body to the village and do not cremate me till chief minister devendrafadnavis comes here.
;;0.0;;the hotel and restaurant association of western india (hrawi), the apex body for the western region of the country, and indian hotel and restaurant association (ahar) have already made representations to chief minister devendrafadnavis to look into the issue in a holistic way.
;;0.0;;from tomorrow, senior bjp leaders dharmendra pradhan and chandrakant patil will hold talks with sena leaders, chief minister devendrafadnavis told reporters here.
;;0.0;;the latest development happened during maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis visit to china.
;;-0.5574;;aviation ministry seeks reports on delay of flightsnew delhi, jul 2, 2015, (pti): 15:44 istcivil aviation ministry has sought reports from air india on the recent incidents involving maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister kiren rijiju which allegedly led to delay of flights.
;;0.7184;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who took charge yesterday, will seek a vote of confidence in his government during a special session of the assembly beginning on november 11, official sources had said yesterday.
;;0.128;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has convened the meeting following a suggestion by the mahadayi river water disputes tribunal to all the riparian states to try resolving the issue through talks.
;;0.0;;in trimbakeshwar, union home minister rajnath singh presided over the main event while in nashik, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis was present along with senior colleagues  finance and planning minister sudhir mungantiwar and water resources minister girish mahajan and mahant gyandas, the president of akhil bharatiya akhada parishad.
;;-0.2924;;however, it's not clear if chief minister devendrafadnavis and other bjp leaders will attend the event.
;;0.6808;;fadnavis visits pawar's turf in baramatimumbai/pune, nov 7, 2015, dhns: 0:26 istafter prime minister narendra modi and union finance minister arun jaitley, it was the turn of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , to visit baramati in pune district, the home turf of nationalist congress party (ncp) supremo sharad pawar.
;;-0.34;;he also said that he has spoken to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis regarding the issue of having a tie-up with the police as they have the powers to intercept calls and arrest if necessary from any part of the country.
;;-0.7717;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and ncp chief sharad pawar were among the first to condemn the attack on pansar, who was at the forefront of a recent anti-toll agitation in kolhapur.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted on tuesday night.
;;0.5994;;graft case: fadnavis orders probe against ajit pawarnagpur/mumbai, dec 13, 2014, dhns 0:34 istacb will also investigate two other ncp leadersmaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has cleared the files for opening a probe by the anti-corruption bureau (acb) against three top nationalist congress party (ncp) leaders  ajit pawar, sunil tatkare and chhagan bhujbal.
;;0.0;;union ministers nitin gadkari will be in nagpur along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis while venkaiah naidu will be in chennai, ramvilas paswan in patna, radhamohan singh in motihari of bihar, dharmendra pradhan in bhuvaneshwar, j p nadda in hyderabad and smriti irani in shimla.
;;0.0;;nagpur happens to be the home town of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shipping minister nitin gadkari.
;;0.0;;the maharashtra government, chief minister devendrafadnavis , minority affairs minister eknath khadse and chairman of minorities commission amir hussain have been made the respondents.
;;0.7579;;new delhi, dec 7, 2014, (pti): 14:09 istfacing opposition ire for deciding to skip the customary tea party on eve of legislature session, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said the meeting called by prime minister on planning commission was an important event that would benefit his state.
;;-0.8934;;blaming the bjp-led state government's lapses for the tragedy, opposition congress has already demanded the resignation of chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio.
;;0.4939;;we have decided to perform a separate 'dhwaja rohan' on august 18, a day before the flag-hoisting ceremony of akhada parishad, sadhvi bhavanta told reporters here before leaving for mumbai to hand over an invitation to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis for the event.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , bollywood star amitabh bachchan, cricket icon sachin tendulkar and reliance industries chairman mukesh ambani were among those present on the occasion along with cricketers yuvraj singh and zaheer khan, apart from isl club owners and bollywood actors ranbir kapoor, abhishek bachchan and john abraham.
;;0.128;;as a showdown erupted, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis favoured a dialogue between temple authorities and activists to find a way out over the ban on entry of women into the inner sanctum of the shrine, maintaining that women have a right to pray.
;;0.0;;when contacted, chief minister devendrafadnavis said the decision has nothing to do with political affiliations of the individuals concerned.
;;-0.4019;;asked on the mahadayi water dispute, he said he will attend the meeting convened by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to sort out the issue.
;;0.2023;;the development comes a day after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis visited new delhi and spoke to top officials at the national capital.
;;0.0;;this move comes barely a few days after the state chief minister devendrafadnavis had been making claims that rajan will be brought only to mumbai.
