;;0.7906;;sources said that while chief minister devendrafadnavis has declined mhadas proposal for spa status for the redevelopment of bdd chawls, the urban development department, which he heads, favours providing operational freedom for metro construction.
;;-0.2263;;(representational image)the pune bar association (pba) has demanded clarification from guardian minister girish bapat on chief minister devendrafadnavis recent announcement about the state planning to give funds to set up a high court bench in kolhapur.
;;0.128;;a day after workers of the bjp and the ncp engaged in sloganeering against each during the mahajanadesh yatra in baramati, chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said the ncp was bullying other parties by not allowing their rallies in sharad pawars hometown.
;;0.3182;;(express photo: amrut naik)the optimism expressed by chief minister devendrafadnavis and forest minister sudhir mungantiwar that missing tiger jai will be spotted soon may turn out to a reality with a team of independent volunteers from umred spotting concrete signs of presence of a large male tiger along with a female just about 20 km from umred-karhandla wildlife sanctuary on friday.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said that the abrogation of article 370 in kashmir will soon become a reality, paving way for a nation governed by one constitution.
;;0.0;;last week, union minister nitin gadkari, along with chief minister devendrafadnavis and rural development, women and child welfare minister pankaja munde, met a delegation of mill owners.
;;0.0;;mumbai : maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis addresses at an election campaign rally in thane on sunday.
;;0.0;;pti photo mumbai : maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis addresses at an election campaign rally in thane on sunday.
;;0.1027;;pti photomaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said that bjp was sidelined when proposals were cleared in the standing committee of the bmc.
;;0.0;;in 2015, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said police housing was a priority for him and the state was planning to build nearly 5 lakh houses across the state by 2019 for police personnel.
;;0.0;;speaking to mediapersons last week, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, my government is not against waiving loans.
;;0.0;;one year of restoration work and rs 3 crore later, the restoration work is now complete, and a refurbished 184-year-old central library was inaugurated by chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday.
;;0.0;;mumbai : maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis addresses at an election campaign rally in thane on sunday.
;;0.0;;pti photo mumbai : maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis addresses at an election campaign rally in thane on sunday.
;;0.6597;;pti photomaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said the outcome of the local body elections currently underway in the state will weigh on the future of his cabinet composition as some ministers will be promoted while others relieved according to bjps performance in their areas.
;;-0.7003;;cm devendrafadnavis cm devendrafadnavis day after chief minister devendrafadnavis told all civic agencies to repair roads in the city, alliance partners shiv sena and bjp blamed each other for the pothole problem.
;;0.0;;in the last two months, chief minister devendrafadnavis held a series of discussions with the maratha delegates across districts to discuss their demands.
;;0.128;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday called for greater coordination amongst the multiple departments to facilitate effective enforcement of disaster management plans ahead of the monsoons.
;;0.0;;advertisingbhosale joined the bjp at shahs residence in delhi, where chief minister devendrafadnavis , bjp state chief chandrakant patil and water resources minister girish mahajan were also present.
;;0.5574;;even as the state reels under an acute-water scarcity like situation, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said his government was committed to provide drinking water to the people.
;;-0.1139;;it further urged chief minister devendrafadnavis to not invite jaleel for any government programme henceforth.
;;0.8658;;while rao enjoyed excellent relationship with chief minister devendrafadnavis , even leaders from opposition parties found him approachable.
;;0.2023;;top government sources confirmed that chief minister devendrafadnavis urban development (ud) department has proposed setting aside the condition that a star category residential hotel must have come up on a plot of over 2,500 square metre or more to avail of the sop.
;;-0.8126;;chief minister devendrafadnavis ordered the mumbai police crime branch to probe the death of dr payal tadvi, after her family members met him in mumbai on thursday.
;;-0.2263;;soon after, the mumbai congress chief dashed off a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis demanding waikars removal from the government.
;;0.7906;;the stakes are high for chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, who led their respective parties from the front and were involved in a no-holds-barred campaign, relegating the opposition congress, ncp and other players like mns and aimim to the background.
;;0.4019;;the outcome in asias largest civic body, run by the shiv sena with the bjps support for the last two decades, will decide the fate of the devendrafadnavis government.
;;0.6369;;advertisingmaharashtras move comes a week after chief minister devendrafadnavis told the indian express that the revocation of j&ks special status would be an issue in the elections because every single person in every state, barring 2-3 per cent, supports it, and that the people of maharashtra feel it (kashmir) should be an integral part of the country.
;;-0.8176;;a day after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis paved the way for the shiv sena to install its mayor in bmc, the warring ally today hinted there is no threat to the stability of the bjp-led coalition government.
;;0.0;;a panel constituted by chief minister devendrafadnavis to examine alternatives to aarey in 2015 had suggested a land in kanjurmarg.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday lead the state by taking the decision to get rid of the red beacon atop his car to end the vvip culture in government.
;;-0.2023;;he has demanded intervention of chief minister devendrafadnavis in the matter.
;;-0.6124;;in the last lap of his campaign for the bypolls in the palghar lok sabha constituency, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday warned his political rivals against intimidating voters.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the plan is aimed at optimising the irrigation potential in every district in marathwada.
;;0.4019;;(source: file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the plan is aimed at optimising the irrigation potential in every district in marathwada.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the plan is aimed at optimising the irrigation potential in every district in marathwada.
;;0.743;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the growth and success of the bjp is because of its workers.
;;0.0;;a high-powered pakistani delegation led by attorney general ashtar ausaf ali met with world bank chief executive officer devendrafadnavis and other senior officials on monday and tuesday.
;;-0.7351;;cm wants metro by dec 2019, activists say work during monsoon will inconvenience mumbaikars cm wants metro by dec 2019, activists say work during monsoon will inconvenience mumbaikarswith a december 2019 deadline in mind, as wished by chief minister devendrafadnavis , the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) has started work on barricading a 1-km stretch at three places along the route, right in the middle of the monsoon, though this is expected to inconvenience commuters and motorists in the western suburbs.
;;-0.2263;;it rapped the state home department, headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis , over the security lapses and failing to appoint a police commissioner for the city which is considered a highly sensitive area.
;;0.7783;;however, looking at the work undertaken by chief minister devendrafadnavis and his commitment in fulfilling promises, i believe that joining the bjp will ensure the development of my constituency, vaibhav said.
;;0.0;;on july 31, as chief minister devendrafadnavis was inducting four opposition mlas into the bjp, girish mahajan, a close aide of the cm, was seen rushing out of garware hall.
;;0.0;;(file photo)with the opposition, along with ally shiv sena, turning up the heat on the bjp-led state government over farm loans, chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday said a finance secretary had been deputed to study the waiver model in uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday announced the extension of metro railway projects to airport and meera bhayandar for seamless travel along the eastern and western suburbs of the city.
;;-0.3182;;chief minister devendrafadnavis too has been critical of late of the bureaucracy in the state.
;;0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed all district guardian ministers to visit drought-hit areas and review the relief work.
;;0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed all district guardian ministers to visit drought-hit areas and review the relief work.
;;0.0258;;a delegation of hotel and restaurant operators across the state has also sought intervention of chief minister devendrafadnavis in the matter.
;;-0.1531;;before tendering her resignation, she reportedly held meetings with chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp state president chandrakant patil.
;;-0.2263;;officers of central railway (cr) have demanded that chief minister devendrafadnavis and maharashtra assembly speaker haribhau bagde act against the public representative.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday urged officials to keep strict deadlines for projects across departments.
;;-0.3182;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis friday said considering the delay in the onset of monsoon, sms advisories have been sent to farmers in the state, asking them not to hurry with kharif sowing and take up the activity as per the rain predictions.
;;-0.3612;;b'faced with criticism over delays in disposal of cases by power sector regulator maharashtra electricity regulatory commission (merc), chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday cleared the appointment of retired district judge iqbal bohari and 1985-batch ias officer mukesh khullar as members of the regulatory body.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis at a rally in pimpri chinchwad on thursday.
;;0.0;;rajesh stephen chief minister devendrafadnavis at a rally in pimpri chinchwad on thursday.
;;-0.0258;;rajesh stephengoing all out to impress voters in pimpri-chinchwad, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday announced that penalty tax on unauthorised constructions has been waived by his government.
;;0.3182;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis also appealed to voters across the state to exercise their voting right in order to strengthen democracy.
;;0.3182;;(source: pti) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis also appealed to voters across the state to exercise their voting right in order to strengthen democracy.
;;0.4588;;we are setting up a fund of rs 1,000 crore for helping all such manufacturers in defence sector, chief minister devendrafadnavis told reporters at a joint briefing along with defence minister manohar parrikar in mumbai.
;;0.0;;pti photomaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday said bjp will come to power in the civic elections in mumbai on its own.
;;0.0;;ncp president sharad pawar on wednesday met chief minister devendrafadnavis at his official residence in mumbai to discuss the prevailing drought situation.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis at the inauguration of the floating restaurant on saturday.
;;0.0;;(photo: kevin dsouza) chief minister devendrafadnavis at the inauguration of the floating restaurant on saturday.
;;-0.4215;;raj thackeray, who met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis at his residence on wednesday, demanded that autorickshaw permits should be only given to those individuals who knew marathi and demanded that the state should come out with a domicile policy on the lines of the jharkhand government.
;;-0.4215;;raj thackeray, who met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis at his residence on wednesday, demanded that autorickshaw permits should be only given to those individuals who knew marathi and demanded that the state should come out with a domicile policy on the lines of the jharkhand government.
;;-0.4215;;raj thackeray, who met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis at his residence on wednesday, demanded that autorickshaw permits should be only given to those individuals who knew marathi and demanded that the state should come out with a domicile policy on the lines of the jharkhand government.
;;0.7506;;in a bid to replicate the success of using hologram technology during the then prime ministerial candidate narendra modis rallies in 2014, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) will now introduce a three-dimensional hologram of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis through a mobile app.
;;0.0;;earlier, after reviewing the drought situation, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said, the government has set up 12,064 cattle camps and deployed 4,774 water tankers in 12,116 villages.
;;-0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis convened a meeting of the bankers association to evolve a mechanism where national and commercial banks with higher capital, and district cooperative banks with poor finances can penetrate rural maharashtra.
;;0.4019;;minutes after harshavardhan patil joined bjp, chief minister devendrafadnavis said the party was trying to rope him in for last five years.
;;0.4215;;the rs 15,000-crore project has been approved by chief minister devendrafadnavis , who heads the maharashtra state water council.
;;0.0258;;advertisingthe actor approached chief minister devendrafadnavis , who asked the mumbai police to probe the matter.
;;0.128;;chief minister devendrafadnavis launched the jalyukta shivar yojna on january 26, 2015.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , state bjp chief raosaheb danve and mumbai bjp president ashish shelar are expected to attend the meeting, party sources said.
;;-0.1531;;minutes after chief minister devendrafadnavis held a press conference in the city highlighting the industrial progress made by maharashtra during his five-year tenure, senior congress leader and former cm prithviraj chavan said the cm was lying and trying to mislead the people of state.
;;0.765;;(source: express photo/representational)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis flagship infrastructure project, the rs 46,000-crore nagpur-mumbai super communication expressway, has landed in a fresh controversy.
;;0.0;;this comes after a meeting of the union leaders with chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis engineered a double coup.
;;0.0;;watch what else is making newslater on thursday night, gawli met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and a deal between the two was sealed.
;;0.3818;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday said while the bjp would make all efforts to take along all its nda partners in the 2019 elections, the party should stay prepared if the shiv sena decides to go it alone.
;;0.0;;the civic bodys move of allotting the space comes after chief minister devendrafadnavis asked for immediate action on the issue.
;;0.5542;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis was quite a sought-after vip at the wedding reception of bjp president amit shahs son on sunday.
;;0.128;;leaving no stone unturned, the bharatiya janata party even got its principal vote gatherer, chief minister devendrafadnavis to campaign in the region last week.
;;-0.128;;i met chief minister devendrafadnavis today and submitted a letter stating my demand.
;;0.0;;watch video: whats making newschief minister devendrafadnavis will be the chief guest at the evening session.
;;0.0644;;watch what else is making newsthe situation now is that both parties have no option but to come together again, gadkari told a marathi channel, adding the final decision on this issue has to be taken by chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
;;-0.2411;;farm activist kishor tiwari, who chaired the state government task force vasantrao naik sheti swavlamban mission, on saturday hit out at chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari for not keeping the promise of accommodating him in the vidhan parishad and announced his decision to return to activism.
;;0.296;;following aaps allegations, shelar also wrote a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis expressing his willingness to face any probe in the matter through the enforcement directorate.
;;0.4019;;in the cabinet meeting earlier this week, chief minister devendrafadnavis directed the authorities to step up efforts to boost supply and check hoarding.
;;-0.4019;;the devendrafadnavis government on wednesday presented a revenue deficit interim budget of rs 19,784 crore before the state assembly, while allotting rs 9,566 crore for the irrigation sector, with a focus on vidarbha and marathwada and the drought-hit regions.
;;-0.1779;;after finance minister sudhir muntangiwar presented the budget, chief minister devendrafadnavis told mediapersons, the budget reiterates governments commitment to accord highest priority to welfare schemes for upliftment of farmers, poverty alleviation and generating employment for youths.
;;0.7096;;earlier, chief minister devendrafadnavis had convened a meeting of party members, along with top police officers, to discuss security concerns.
;;-0.7184;;last week, chief minister devendrafadnavis sparked off a row after he told the press that he was given an impression by those at the helm of the investigation (in the mumbai police) that peter had no role in the murder of his step-daughter.
;;0.6124;;former chief minister prithviraj chavan on saturday alleged that current chief minister devendrafadnavis had diluted mumbais development control regulations to favour certain big builders in the run-up to the civic polls in mumbai.
;;0.1027;;chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (file photo)maharashtra pradesh congress committee (mpcc) on saturday demanded that the devendrafadnavis government should announce a loan waiver for farmers in the state on lines of the promise given by bjp in the poll bound uttar pradesh and punjab.
;;0.5574;;in a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , mpcc spokesman sachin sawant said it was surprising to note that bjp has assured loan waiver for farmers in uttar pradesh and punjab if voted to power.
;;0.6808;;praveen pardeshi, additional chief secretary to chief minister devendrafadnavis , gave a presentation on reforms undertaken by the government for improved ease of doing business.
;;-0.128;;on march 22, chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced in the state assembly that the government had started the process for setting up a separate police commissionerate in pimpri-chinchwad  a demand made over a decade ago.
;;0.4215;;chief minister devendrafadnavis approved the rules tuesday.
;;0.0772;;the congress on tuesday trained its guns on chief minister devendrafadnavis , alleging that the cm-led mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) had tweaked the process for the appointment of contractors for a rs 914 crore project related to the mumbai metro rail construction.
;;0.0;;kadu, who represents achlapur constituency in amravati district, said the yatra had started at the hometown of chief minister devendrafadnavis and would culminate at vadnagar in gujarat, the birthplace of prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.4215;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has approved the plan to transform wadala into the commercial centre on the lines of the bkc.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday said a probe would be conducted into irregularities in tree-cutting in the mumbai metropolitan region in the period between 2010 and 2016.
;;-0.5994;;(pti photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has condoled the death of three soldiers from the state in avalanches in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis is expected to chair the annual crop outlay meeting towards the last week of april.
;;0.0;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday there is a need to change the perception of politicians in the peoples mind.
;;-0.2023;;while pcmc standing committee tuesday ordered an independent probe into the matter, shiv sena mp shrirang barne tuesday wrote to chief minister devendrafadnavis , demanding a probe against pcmc commissioner, building permission department and the town planning department.
;;0.2732;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has said that there is no confusion in the bjp about fighting the maharashtra state elections with the shiv sena, and expressed confidence that he would be cm again if the alliance won.
;;0.4019;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , partys state unit chief raosaheb danve, ministers, mlas, mps and officer bearers from across the state will attend the meet, party sources said.
;;-0.1531;;(file photo)cracking the whip on the lackadaisical approach of various departments in tackling malnutrition, chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday directed the department heads to frame a comprehensive nutrition policy and submit a report in 15 days.
;;0.0;;the final decision on this issue has to be taken by chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis is expected to visit the facility to inaugurate the training sessions later this month.
;;0.0;;the proposed rs 98,000-crore bullet train project between ahmedabad and mumbai may pose hurdles in chief minister devendrafadnavis plans to construct an international financial services centre (ifsc) in bandra kurla complex or bkc.
;;-0.5106;;(file)hitting out at opposition congress-ncp, maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar on wednesday said those who had consistently failed for 15 years while being in power, were teaching chief minister devendrafadnavis , who has scored a distinction, about how to study.
;;0.4767;;in an interesting move, western railways roped in locals to inaugurate the fobs, which they did in presence of goyal, chief minister devendrafadnavis and mos for defence dr. subhash bhamre.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)at the end of the first week of august, maharashtra has recorded completion of 90 per cent sowing of kharif crops.
;;0.4404;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the good rains have helped to almost complete sowing of multiple crops in this kharif season.
;;0.5859;;shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray (express file photo) shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray (express file photo)in the run-up to the palghar lok sabha bypoll, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray released an audio clip, purportedly of chief minister devendrafadnavis asking bjp workers to use all possible means to win the by-election.
;;0.25;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday said india has a demographic advantage as the average age of an indian is less than that of people from other countries.
;;0.7964;;this came maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis appealed to the doctors to call off their strike as well and assured them that the government would ensure their security in hospitals.
;;0.5106;;sattars move surprised many in the political circles as he was earlier in touch with the bjp and had also welcomed chief minister devendrafadnavis statewide tour.
;;-0.4215;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis is scheduled to meet with a delegation of the agitating farmers on monday.
;;-0.4215;;chief minister devendrafadnavis is scheduled to meet with a delegation of the agitating farmers on monday.
;;-0.5719;;facing attack from the opposition over farmers issues, chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday said when in power at the centre and in the state for 10 years, the congress-ncp government had rejected the swaminathan commission reports recommendation of a minimum support price for farmers.
;;0.0;;the bjps pimpri-chinchwad unit, however, said it expected chief minister devendrafadnavis to intervene.
;;0.0;;more than 6 lakh people have sent their suggestions to chief minister devendrafadnavis in the last five days for the bjps mumbai makeover plan.
;;0.0;;when asked, kamble said he would take up with the issue with chief minister devendrafadnavis and also ask for representation from the centre.
;;-0.6705;;chief minister devendrafadnavis expressed grief over the loss of lives in the explosion and announced rs 5 lakh compensation to the kin of the deceased.
;;0.4019;;on july 28, the samajwadi party announced that it will ask maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to rename the 35-km long proposed coastal road in mumbai to be named after kalam.
;;-0.296;;there has been discussion among bjp chief amit shah, chief minister devendrafadnavis and sena chief uddhav thackeray, which no one else knows.
;;-0.34;;baramati witnessed some tense moments on saturday morning when workers of the bjp and ncp raised slogans against each other while chief minister devendrafadnavis was addressing a public meeting here, as part of his mahajanadesh yatra.
;;-0.2732;;trees were cut for chief minister devendrafadnavis mahajanadesh yatra at sinhagad road, she alleged.
;;-0.5994;;claiming that parts of marathwada are still facing water scarcity and drought even as flood has wreaked havoc in western maharashtra, a delegation of the state congress leaders, led by its state president balasaheb thorat, met chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday and urged the government to declare drought in beed, osmanabad and latur districts of marathwada.
;;0.0;;(file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday said urban maharashtra will become open defecation-free by october 2 next year.
;;0.0772;;ahir said he has briefed chief minister devendrafadnavis on the situation and demands of the parents, who want the government to appoint an administrator to run the school.
;;0.34;;with non-bjp parties threatening to boycott prime minister narendra modis function in the city on saturday to mark the first anniversary of the smart city mission over the non-inclusion of pune mayors name in the list of invitees, chief minister devendrafadnavis intervened friday evening to defuse the situation after which the mayor was given a green signal by his party ncp to attend the function.
;;0.6808;;sources in the bjp said chief minister devendrafadnavis had flashed a smart card to effectively counter rivals both in-house and opposition using the anti-corruption bait.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar during a pannel discussion held after announcing maharashtra budget in mumbai on saturday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar during a pannel discussion held after announcing maharashtra budget in mumbai on saturday.
;;0.0;;the taming of sena was believed to be an outcome of chief minister devendrafadnavis telephone call to sena president uddhav thackeray.
;;-0.25;;the decision has angered activists in pune, who have reminded chief minister devendrafadnavis of his promise to scrap the toll system on the expressway and other roads of the state.
;;0.6597;;from land monetisation to seeking the help of financial institutions, the government will explore all available routes to help small and marginal farmers, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on sunday.
;;-0.3182;;reacting to the oppositions conduct, chief minister devendrafadnavis said,they made a mockery of democracy.
;;0.2023;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis statement the other day is significant: where will the raw materials and labourers for the project come from?
;;0.4215;;on december 28, a pmrda meeting, chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis , had approved the detailed project report (dpr) for the metro route.
;;0.0;;filethe mira-bhayander stretch will soon get a police commissionerate of its own, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced on wednesday.
;;0.7351;;top leaders of the party including chief minister devendrafadnavis , state unit president raosaheb danve, state ministers, party mlas and presidents of the partys 65 administrative districts are expected to attend the executive meeting.
;;0.3612;;we are also ready to discuss any issues the opposition wants, chief minister devendrafadnavis said while addressing reporters.
;;-0.2023;;chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday said some political parties were trying to hold farmers hostage by scripting a strike to trigger violence and create political instability in maharashtra.
;;-0.5574;;rane also fired a salvo at chief minister devendrafadnavis , alleging that elements within the bjp were plotting to destablise the government.
;;0.3565;;chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (express file photo) chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (express file photo)pledging to wipe out corruption from the shiv sena-ruled bmc, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said, we dont want power in bmc to run our house or party.
;;-0.3612;;the tribunal noted that chief minister devendrafadnavis had, in the past, thrice sent back proposals of the suspension review committee to revoke its earlier suspension orders, leaving the committee with no choice but to recommend that jadhav continue to remain suspended back then.
;;0.296;;while the congress-ncp leaders met governor c vidhyasagar rao to demand a special three-day session to discuss the loan waiver, sena ministers met chief minister devendrafadnavis with the same plea.
;;-0.6369;;b'revenue minister eknath khadse on monday appeared to take a dig at chief minister devendrafadnavis over the row involving his personal aide, who has been arrested by the anti-corruption bureau (acb) on bribery charges.
;;0.0772;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday appointed former additional chief secretary gautam chatterjee as the chairman of the newly formed real estate regulatory authority.
;;0.34;;giving into the resistance from two-wheeler riders and petrol pump owners, the government decided to assess the feasibility of its implementation, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said recently.
;;-0.8555;;(express archive)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday called on the family of the 14-year-old girl who was gangraped and brutally murdered in kopardi village in ahmednagar district earlier this month.
;;0.223;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday urged opposition parties not to politicise the floods in western maharashtra, cautioning that people wont forgive them.
;;-0.7579;;cm defends mahajanchief minister devendrafadnavis saturday defended water resources minister girish mahajan, who came under fire from the opposition after his selfie videos in kolhapur went viral, saying that the minister visited the worst flood-hit areas against several odds.
;;0.4019;;the situation is such that both parties (bjp and sena) have to come together, gadkari said adding that a final decision would be taken by chief minister devendrafadnavis and uddhav thackeray.
;;-0.2201;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has appealed to bjp workers not to remain defensive on the controversial maratha reservation.
;;-0.2201;;(file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis has appealed to bjp workers not to remain defensive on the controversial maratha reservation.
;;-0.2201;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has appealed to bjp workers not to remain defensive on the controversial maratha reservation.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis outside the bjp office in mumbai on thursday.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by pradip das) chief minister devendrafadnavis outside the bjp office in mumbai on thursday.
;;0.4767;;(source: express photo by pradip das)putting his personal stamp on the partys triumph across maharashtra thursday, chief minister devendrafadnavis led the bjp as it stormed the shiv sena citadel of mumbai, made giant strides in elections to civic bodies across the state and marginalised the congress and ncp.
;;0.0;;he further said that the maharashtra airport development company (madc) headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis went ahead with the deal despite objections raised by a board member.
;;0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , even before he met a delegation of the left-affiliated all india kisan sabha (aiks) that led an estimated 40,000 farmers on a 180-km march from nashik to mumbai, told the vidhan sabha that the state government was sensitive and positive to the demands of the farmers, many of them tribals.
;;-0.8225;;more than 40,000 farmers from across maharashtra covered an arduous 180-km long march to reach the capital city mumbai on sunday to stage a protest outside the state legislature against what they call the devendrafadnavis bjp governments failure to respond to prevailing farm distress.
;;-0.8225;;(express photo by prashant nadkar) more than 40,000 farmers from across maharashtra covered an arduous 180-km long march to reach the capital city mumbai on sunday to stage a protest outside the state legislature against what they call the devendrafadnavis bjp governments failure to respond to prevailing farm distress.
;;0.6486;;(file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday launched the two-day mumbai fintech  2018 festival in presence of dignitaries from uk and singapore amongst others.
;;0.3612;;in the 2018-19 budget session held in the months of march and april, chief minister devendrafadnavis had assured the state legislature assembly that 72,000 vacant posts across administrative departments in the state would be filled up in two phases.
;;0.0;;b'file photo: feb 2016, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with governor of maharashtra vidyasagar rao and shiv sena executive president uddhav thackeray during the maharashtra rajni program.
;;0.0;;(express photo by prashant nadkar/file) file photo: feb 2016, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with governor of maharashtra vidyasagar rao and shiv sena executive president uddhav thackeray during the maharashtra rajni program.
;;0.7351;;chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday described rajashri chhatrapati shahu maharaj, who ruled the princely state of kolhapur (1874-1922), as a true visionary whose socio-economic reforms remain the guiding principles in the 21st century.
;;-0.4939;;bjps local mp kapil patil said maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis have sought a detailed report on the collapse from the thane district collector.
;;0.2023;;chief minister devendrafadnavis chief minister devendra fadnavisit was just last week when ncp chief and veteran leader sharad pawar made a sarcastic remark targeting chief minister devendrafadnavis , saying, someone who does not understand mumbai and maharashtra is asking people to repose faith in his words.
;;0.6124;;on april 24, chief minister devendrafadnavis had declared that the centre had agreed to relax conditions for the redevelopment of coastal slums in mumbai.
;;0.6124;;(file photo) on april 24, chief minister devendrafadnavis had declared that the centre had agreed to relax conditions for the redevelopment of coastal slums in mumbai.
;;0.6124;;on april 24, chief minister devendrafadnavis had declared that the centre had agreed to relax conditions for the redevelopment of coastal slums in mumbai, following his meeting with nripendra mishra, principal secretary to the prime minister.
;;0.7506;;b'soon after he exited his crash-landed chopper thursday, chief minister devendrafadnavis said he felt protected by the blessings of the people of maharashtra.
;;-0.6124;;claiming violation of norms in a project under the urban development department, which comes under chief minister devendrafadnavis , patil said, a project in meera-bhayander was allowed violating crz norms to help bjp leader narendra mehta.
;;0.6705;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavischief minister devendrafadnavis convened a dinner meet at his official malabar hills residence with all bjp ministers where he tried to send out a message that the latter should get back to work in their respective departments and not do anything that could be detrimental to the government or the party.
;;0.2732;;emerging from a three-hour meeting with representatives of the all india kisan sabha (aiks) at vidhan bhawan  radhakrishna vikhe-patil of the congress and ncps dhananjay munde and ajit pawar were also present at the meeting  chief minister devendrafadnavis said: the government has agreed to enforce all demands made by the aiks.
;;0.0;;the three-day conclave will be inaugurated on april 21 by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and goa cm manohar parrikar.
;;0.0772;;when asked about the delay in awarding the contract, chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government was not planning to scrap the tender, but we are working with advocate general about the impact of railways 45-acre plot which was recently included in the project.
;;-0.7003;;(file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday visited police personnel injured in the gadchiroli naxal attack, at a private hospital here.
;;0.0;;hitting out at chief minister devendrafadnavis , shetti said, we have come walking all the way from pune.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has been continuously following up the issue of farmers with the centre.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the government is working towards providing 12-hour uninterrupted power to the farmers across rural maharashtra.
;;0.128;;watch what else is making news:he was addressing the reporters here after a meeting of maratha arakshan samiti, also attended by chief minister devendrafadnavis , co-operation minister chandrakant patil, pwd minister eknath shinde, leader of opposition in the legislative assembly radhakrishna vikhe-patil, ncp leader ajit pawar, legal experts and principal secretaries of various departments.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed the project team to explore various models before the meeting to be held next week.
;;0.7003;;(file photo)praising the surgical strike carried out by the army across the loc, chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday said he felt proud to be an indian and the world had seen the strength of india.
;;0.1027;;the political class, including chief minister devendrafadnavis , who appears to be the target of the ncp, has supported the claims, notwithstanding the failure of earlier attempts to secure them.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and other ministers at the customary tea party on the eve of the assembly session, in mumbai on sunday.
;;0.4019;;ganesh shirsekar chief minister devendrafadnavis and other ministers at the customary tea party on the eve of the assembly session, in mumbai on sunday.
;;-0.4019;;after the bjps move, the congress and the ncp will not be able to use the rift between the ruling allies to corner chief minister devendrafadnavis , and instead of political issues, the session is likely to focus on the economic problems facing maharashtra.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis took the decision on wednesday at a meeting convened to frame policies for cluster farming and double income for farmers.
;;-0.5859;;kevin dsouzathe citys perennial road-digging problem has found a new victim, chief minister devendrafadnavis pet mumbai wifi project.
;;0.34;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday welcomed the centres decision to abolish article 370 in jammu and kashmir and asserted that pakistans devious ploy to break kashmir from india had now got a royal burial.
;;0.6705;;according to chief minister devendrafadnavis , along with soil health card, we are emphasising on district-wise crop pattern to ensure higher yields and better renumeration for farmers.
;;0.0;;advertisingramdev, who will be attending an international yoga day event in maharashtras nanded on june 21, which will be attended by chief minister devendrafadnavis , was talking to reporters.
;;0.0;;for this, a committee was set up by the central government, which had chief minister devendrafadnavis as its member.
;;0.0;;speculation on bhosales future move started doing rounds after he called on chief minister devendrafadnavis here on tuesday night.
;;0.128;;watch what else is making newshe was addressing the reporters in mumbai after a meeting of maratha arakshan samiti, also attended by chief minister devendrafadnavis , co-operation minister chandrakant patil, pwd minister eknath shinde, leader of opposition in the legislative assembly radhakrishna vikhe-patil, ncp leader ajit pawar, legal experts and principal secretaries of various departments.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)the government departments in maharashtra went on an overdrive to spend its funds by the end of the last fiscal, official spending records reveal.
;;0.1027;;on monday evening, chief minister devendrafadnavis and parliamentary affairs minister girish bapat had reached out to the shiv sena camp in a bid to end the stalemate.
;;0.0;;on thursday, kem hospital invited the associate vice-president of axis bank and wife of chief minister devendrafadnavis , amruta fadnavis, to mark the ent departments completion of 300 cochlear implants.
;;0.3182;;the core committee meeting discussed the roadmap to strengthen the organisation and administration for which some changes are necessary, chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.4404;;the bjp government in the state has been promoting the project as chief minister devendrafadnavis flagship initiative.
;;0.4404;;(express file photo) the bjp government in the state has been promoting the project as chief minister devendrafadnavis flagship initiative.
;;0.4404;;the bjp government in the state has been promoting the project as chief minister devendrafadnavis flagship initiative.
;;-0.1779;;seeking to allay fears about a potential reduction in the obc quota for local bodies, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said the state government is committed to the 27 per cent obc reservation.
;;0.5719;;the jalyukt shivar programme for water conservation structures initiated by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and rural development minister pankaja munde are excellent.
;;0.0;;sensing shortcomings in the sector, chief minister devendrafadnavis has undertaken a course correction.
;;0.0258;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday the maharashtra government will study the uttar pradesh model of farm loan waiver, amid growing demand from across the political spectrum to help the states distressed farmers.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , inaugurating the book village on thursday, said that the state now aims to get unescos book capital of the country or state title for the village.
;;-0.6486;;the bmc polls was viewed as the battle of prestige for chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray as they had ended their acrimonious relationship just before the elections.
;;0.296;;reflecting on the post-poll prospects, gadkari said, the final decision on this issue has to be taken by chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
;;0.0;;a day after the opposition targeted him for continuing with his political campaign amid a flood-like situation in several parts of the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis has rescheduled his ongoing mahajanadesh yatra and returned to mumbai on tuesday evening.
;;-0.2263;;i have written to chief minister devendrafadnavis demanding permission to form a police union.
;;-0.0258;;announcing that a consensus had been reached and farmers had called off their strike, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who described the decision as historic, told the indian express: the loan waiver is for all farmers and not confined to just small and marginal categories.
;;0.4019;;to speed up projects under the phase iii of mumbai urban transport projects (mutp-3), mumbai railway vikas corporation (mrvc) officials on monday briefed chief minister devendrafadnavis on the issue and sought the state governments help in acquiring land for various projects.
;;-0.6705;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had on monday said the government would talk only to protesting farmers and not others and that the government would not enter into a dialogue with those trying to agitate farmers.
;;0.6908;;though chief minister devendrafadnavis said he was confident of completing the tenure, he added, in politics, very thing is possible and we are always ready.
;;0.7906;;(file)to fund chief minister devendrafadnavis ambitious nagpur-mumbai super communication expressway, the government is mulling over levying an additional surcharge on petrol and diesel consumption.
;;0.6124;;(file photo)two days after the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) polls delivered a hung verdict, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday ruled out any alliance with the congress for the control of the countrys richest civic body.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis during election victory celebrations at bjp office, nariman point on saturday.
;;0.0;;(express photo by ganesh shirsekar) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis during election victory celebrations at bjp office, nariman point on saturday.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis during election victory celebrations at bjp office, nariman point on saturday.
;;0.0;;(express photo by ganesh shirsekar) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis during election victory celebrations at bjp office, nariman point on saturday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis sanctioned rs 33.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis sanctioned rs 33.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis sanctioned rs 33.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe editorial also referred to chief minister devendrafadnavis statements made at the senas foundation day on wedensday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday held a meeting to access the key area results in various departments, including industries.
;;0.4404;;amid mounting pressure, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis promised a loan waiver to small and marginal farmers who were out of the institutional credit system.
;;0.0;;reiterating the plan, chief minister devendrafadnavis had later estimated that this would cost the government an additional rs 8,000 crore.
;;0.5719;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said the bjp will fulfil mahatma gandhis dream of discontinuing with the congress party after independence and usher in a congress mukt maharashtra after the state polls.
;;0.0;;rane and others had tried to corner chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp on the issue in the assembly earlier this week.
;;-0.1531;;last week, to welcome chief minister devendrafadnavis for his mahajandesh yatra, the pmc allowed the bjp to put up illegal hoardings, flexes, banners, buntings and posters, which completely defaced the citys skyline and the environment.
;;0.0;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis (file) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file)on march 13, 2015, the maharashtra government set up a medical assistance cell (mac) to facilitate the disbursal of money to cover medical expenses of the poor under the chief ministers relief fund.
;;0.0;;finally, on september 7, 2017, cm devendrafadnavis ordered the setting up of a high-level monitoring committee, under principal secretary (public health) dr pradeep vyas, to review claims under cmrf.
;;0.0;;the bjp rally was led by city bjp chief ashish shelar and covered the distance between chaityabhoomi in dadar to kamgar maidan at elphinstone, in central mumbai, where maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis took on the opposition leaders and asked,  what right do they have to talk of the constitution?
;;0.0;;advertisingin his first assignment as chief secretary, mehta attended meetings convened by chief minister devendrafadnavis to review the drought situation in six districts  pune, sangli, satara, amravati, nagpur and chandrapur.
;;-0.5106;;chief minister devendrafadnavis rejected chavans allegation and defended the decision of his cabinet to give a go-ahead in the case, holding there was sufficient ground for it.
;;0.0;;mumbai: maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar during a pannel discussion held after announcing maharashtra budget in mumbai on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) mumbai: maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar during a pannel discussion held after announcing maharashtra budget in mumbai on saturday.
;;0.0;;land records in 40,913 villages across maharashtra will be digitised by august 1, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced.
;;0.0;;(file) land records in 40,913 villages across maharashtra will be digitised by august 1, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced.
;;0.0;;(file)land records in 40,913 villages across maharashtra will be digitised by august 1, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced on tuesday.
;;0.8979;;two days after writing to the election commission to relax the model code of conduct in order to fast track drought relief measures, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday directed all ministers to tour their respective districts to provide relief and announced that rs 4,412-crore funds have been disbursed to 68 lakh farmers so far.
;;0.7717;;meanwhile, chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday said he held talks with union minister for external affairs sushma swaraj and union home minister rajnath singh to convey the strong sentiments of people of state about delivering justice to jadhav.
;;-0.4939;;six months after chief minister devendrafadnavis convened a meeting in aurangabad after the council of ministers completed a three-day tour of the drought-stricken region, the cabinet will once again meet in aurangabad tuesday, this time to discuss the measures to be taken after floods destroyed almost 50 per cent of the kharif crops in the districts of latur, beed, osmanabad and nanded in marathwada region.
;;-0.4939;;at an internal session before the cabinet meeting, sources said, chief minister devendrafadnavis indicated that financial help to the farmers who suffered crop losses would be given higher priority.
;;0.4939;;while explaining the challenges in the power sector vis--vis agriculture, officials said they received the mandate from chief minister devendrafadnavis to ensure that maximum number of farmers get the connections at the earliest.
;;0.0;;jadhav recently approached maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on july 23.
;;0.5267;;the approval was given during the mmrdas 140th authority meeting which was presided over by chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is also the chairman of the mmrda.
;;0.7096;;advertisingmehta succeeds ups madan who has been named as the special advisor to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , the official said.
;;0.0;;the congress will hold public rallies at various places in maharashtra to counter chief minister devendrafadnavis statewide yatra.
;;0.4019;;pti photomaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis friday said change will happen in the state irrespective of whoever comes along with bjp, shortly after shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray announced his party will go solo in next months civic polls in mumbai and other places.
;;0.0258;;lalita salve, who now prefers to be called lalit, met chief minister devendrafadnavis last month seeking his permission to undergo the surgery and be retained in the police force as a male police constable after the procedure.
;;-0.3182;;in 2016, chief minister devendrafadnavis asked district authorities to submit a report identifying the hamlets that get isolated during monsoons and propose an action plan.
;;0.0;;on saturday, chief minister devendrafadnavis will hold a roadshow in pune as a part of his mahajanadesh yatra.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had recently said the bjp was planning to field someone from the wanaga family in the by-election.
;;0.4939;;at the same time, the government would also act strictly against officials found hand in glove with such builders, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday.
;;0.0;;during the winter session of the assembly, chief minister devendrafadnavis then announced an additional compensation of rs 25,000 for each family.
;;0.0;;(express photo by jaipal singh/file)three years after chief minister devendrafadnavis scrapped the draft development plans proposal for variable floor space index (fsi) ranging from 2.
;;-0.0516;;sources in the government said chief minister devendrafadnavis had approached the centre last fortnight seeking a financial assistance to help 31 lakh farmers with an accumulated loan burden of rs 30,500 crore.
;;0.128;;meanwhile, the congress on monday launched a campaign to counter chief minister devendrafadnavis ongoing yatra.
;;-0.1027;;a group of water and irrigation sector experts had earlier written to chief minister devendrafadnavis opposing the project and questioning whether it was warranted at all.
;;0.0;;athawale added he would also meet chief minister devendrafadnavis and jalgaon superintendent of police dattatray karale in connection with the incident.
;;0.0;;mumbai bjp chief ashish shelar, however, said the proposal to waive property tax for houses up to 500 sq ft was already mooted by chief minister devendrafadnavis six months ago, and that the bjp had already incorporated it in the partys election manifesto.
;;0.34;;less than ten days after an assurance from chief minister devendrafadnavis that the kalina land would be considered as an alternative to aarey for metro 3 car shed, mumbai metro rail corporation (mmrc) officials in a meeting with environmentalists shot down the proposal.
;;-0.4404;;b'a protest march of maharashtra farmers from chief minister devendrafadnavis assembly constituency in nagpur to prime minister narendra modis native place vadnagar was stopped by the gujarat police in tapi district at the state border on thursday.
;;-0.3818;;(express archive)elections to the cash-rich bmc and nine other civic bodies in maharashtra, which have virtually turned into a battle of prestige for chief minister devendrafadnavis , heading the states first bjp-led government, and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, will be held tomorrow.
;;-0.2263;;the sena had retorted by demanding a clarification from chief minister devendrafadnavis and said that by making below the belt comments, the bjp probably wanted to finish off its own government.
;;0.8176;;according to state bjp president devendrafadnavis , ideally, the thought uppermost in my mind is to restore the glory of maharashtra.
;;0.0;;after taking over in maharashtra, the devendrafadnavis government has already planned rs 1.
;;0.3612;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had run an election campaign for the mumbai civic poll where he had promised more transparency in road and public contracts.
;;0.6597;;advertisingin an editorial in party mouthpiece saamana, the sena referred to chief minister devendrafadnavis remarks that the ncp would soon cease to exist and only sharad pawar, ajit pawar and supriya sule would remain in the party.
;;0.7906;;the stakes are high for chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, who led their respective parties from the front and were involved in a high decibel and no-holds-barred campaign, relegating the opposition congress, ncp and other players like the mns and the aimim to the background.
;;0.2263;;dalvi said chief minister devendrafadnavis has recently made public the flexible compensation scheme that the government is opting for acquisition of land for pune airport in purandar.
;;0.296;;advertisingaround 50 nmmc corporators are expected to join the bjp along with naik in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis and state bjp president chandrakant patil.
;;0.5267;;b'mumbai: rpi leader & social justice minister ramdas athawale is felicitated by chief minister devendrafadnavis at shanmukhanand hall in mumbai on friday.
;;0.5267;;pti photo (pti9_2_2016_000381b) mumbai: rpi leader & social justice minister ramdas athawale is felicitated by chief minister devendrafadnavis at shanmukhanand hall in mumbai on friday.
;;0.0;;pti photo (pti9_2_2016_000381b)reaching out to north indians ahead of the bmc polls next year, chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said people from that region and other parts of the country, who reside in the state have not only imbibed maharashtras culture, but have also enriched it.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis described auric as a game changer for marathwada.
;;-0.1531;;while the bjps leaders did not participate in the rally from byculla to vidhan bhavan, where the state legislature is in session, the partys legislators pressed chief minister devendrafadnavis to announce an inquiry into how the building, home to a printing press started by dr babasaheb ambedkar, was declared dangerous and fit for demolition.
;;0.743;;analysts said rally by chief minister devendrafadnavis and union nitin gadkari proved decisive for the party with both promising enough drinking water to slake laturs thirst.
;;0.7876;;at his rally, chief minister devendrafadnavis also promised laturites that will get water through taps in future as his government was making all arrangements to ensure that the citizens dont suffer.
;;0.0;;cm directs bmc to fill potholes in 15 dayschief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday issued directions to civic agencies to fill potholes in the city over the next 15 days.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday asked district officials in drought-hit parbhani district in the marathwada region to set up cattle camps and deploy more water tankers.
;;0.296;;the shiv sena and the bjp will equally share seats as part of a pre-poll alliance for the upcoming assembly elections, chief minister devendrafadnavis said in nagpur on saturday.
;;0.0258;;(source: pti)a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis said he is fine with the ipl moving out of the drought-affected maharashtra, his party colleague and bcci secretary anurag thakur on saturday warned that doing so will result in a loss of rs 100 cr for the state.
;;0.0;;the contractor was also asked to submit bill of entries but did not submit it, chief minister devendrafadnavis said in his reply to a question on this in the legislative council thursday.
;;0.1531;;two days ahead of the palghar lok sabha bypoll, thackeray released an audio clip of chief minister devendrafadnavis , where he is purportedly heard asking bjp workers to use saam, daam, dand, bhed (negotiation, money, punishment and division) to win the may 28 bye-election.
;;0.6705;;referring to the call of a statewide signature campaign by opposition parties, demanding a switch from evms to ballot paper system on august 21, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis saturday said that they think that elections are won on the basis of electronic voting machines (evms).
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis at the swearing-in ceremony of yogi adityanath in lucknow.
;;0.0;;express maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis at the swearing-in ceremony of yogi adityanath in lucknow.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday raised the pitch for a bharat-rajya rather than a ram-rajya in maharashtra.
;;-0.5423;;chief minister devendrafadnavis chief minister devendra fadnavischief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday gave some tips to the thane police on how to respond to the tweets posted by harassed commuters.
;;0.0;;b'a state cabinet meeting chaired by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis took the decision.
;;0.0;;a state cabinet meeting chaired by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis took the decision.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken on monday at a state cabinet meeting chaired by chief m devendrafadnavis , a cmo official said.
;;0.7717;;a highly placed source in the bjp said, chief minister devendrafadnavis is keen to engage the sena in a dialogue and thrash out a mutually agreeable formula for the bmc.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday announced that the state government will amend laws to make stricter provisions for the implementation of marathi language in schools across all boards.
;;0.4215;;(express photo by prashant nadkar)police constable lalita salve of beed district, whose application for a gender reassignment surgery received the nod from maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis earlier this year, will be in mumbai on tuesday to admit herself to the state-run jj hospital.
;;0.7096;;express photothe shiv sena, part of the ruling alliance in maharashtra, has hinted in its party mouthpiece that chief minister devendrafadnavis had a hand in the recent ouster of senior minister eknath khadse from the government.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday shifted principal secretary milind mhaiskar out of the cmo, giving him the key post of vice-president and chief executive officer of the maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada).
;;0.0772;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has said a separate law had become necessary in the wake of a large number of such cases being reported from the districts.
;;0.0;;earlier, ashish shelar (mla) had written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis and also raised the issue in the state legislative assembly.
;;-0.3182;;read | amit shah visits matoshree, meets uddhav thackeray for two-and-half hourschief minister devendrafadnavis was also present at the meeting between shah and thackeray, where issues related to coalition conflict, both political and administrative, were discussed.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the report suggests 4,600 villages have become water neutral.
;;-0.4939;;the latur police have registered an fir against a journalist for a newspaper article on the crashlanding of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis chopper on thursday afternoon, which says that policemen at the spot ran away in fear and a 28-year-old local scrapdealer helped fadnavis out of the helicopter.
;;0.4019;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis year ago, devendrafadnavis took oath as chief minister of the newly elected bharatiya janata party (bjp) government with seven cabinet ministers and two ministers of state at wankhede stadium.
;;-0.25;;chief minister devendrafadnavis eventually cancelled the boards scheme after the labour commissioner and senior bureaucrats with the state labour department flagged off various irregularities in the appointments of the consultant.
;;-0.25;;(source: file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis eventually cancelled the boards scheme after the labour commissioner and senior bureaucrats with the state labour department flagged off various irregularities in the appointments of the consultant.
;;0.2732;;(source: file photo)new evidence shows that the maharashtra building and other construction workers welfare board, headed by omprakash yadav, a bjp corporator from nagpur and a supporter of chief minister devendrafadnavis , had gone ahead with the multi-crore scheme even as the comptroller and auditor general (cag) of india had objected to it.
;;-0.25;;chief minister devendrafadnavis eventually cancelled the boards scheme after the labour commissioner and senior bureaucrats with the state labour department flagged off various irregularities in the appointments of the consultant or a brokerage firm, and the insurance company.
;;-0.743;;the move comes following chief minister devendrafadnavis directions to the civic administration to prepare a detailed plan on solid waste management and bring an end to dumping waste at uruli devachi and phursungi villages.
;;0.6369;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who has held at least half-a-dozen meetings with the slbc, has issued clear instructions to ensure 100 per cent disbursement of crop loans to eligible farmers in 2018-19.
;;0.0;;expressrussian indologist irina glushkova was nominated as the ambassador of maharashtra tourism and culture by chief minister devendrafadnavis in russia sunday.
;;0.0;;advertisingwhile speculation over the names of senior ncp leaders chhagan bhujbal and ramraje nimbalkar, and maharashtra swabhiman paksha (msp) leader narayan rane have been doing the rounds over the past few days, satara ncp mp udayanraje bhosales meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai tuesday evening has sent the rumour mill into an overdrive.
;;0.2023;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has also ordered an urgent revamp of these institutions.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said a cabinet expansion is likely before the monsoon session commencing on july 18.
;;0.4404;;in a humble gesture, a daily-wage labourer from maharashtras ahmednagar sent chief minister devendrafadnavis a gift of rs 101 on his 49th birthday on monday.
;;0.5106;;twitter.com/80232di4hx  devendrafadnavis (@dev_fadnavis) july 22, 2019accompanying the money, was a handwritten letter in which she expressed gratitude to fadnavis for saving her nephews life.
;;0.4019;;interestingly, gawli is also in touch with bjp leader ashish shelar and was expected to hold discussions with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis before making up her mind.
;;-0.5677;;i do not want to criticise maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , but he should control price rise and take my ministers help in handing this crisis, thackeray added.
;;-0.09;;chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (file photo)hitting out at shiv sena which snapped ties with bjp for the local body polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said his party had no qualms about fighting on lesser number of seats in the bmc elections, but was firm on transparency in the sena-controlled civic body.
;;0.0;;though the elections to civic bodies are often pitched on the local issues such as drinking water, roads and garbage, chief minister devendrafadnavis made the mega projects costing rs 10 lakh crore an integral part of the civic polls across mumbai, thane, ulhasnagar, pune, pimpri-chinchwad, solapur, akola, amaravati, nagpur and nashik.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis was communicating with his karnataka counterpart b s yediyurappa.
;;0.836;;(file photo)after leaving out land owned by the mumbai port trust (mbpt) from the citys development plan, chief minister devendrafadnavis has now sanctioned a proposal granting the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) the status of a special planning authority (spa) for five upcoming metro rail alignments and land required for building temporary and permanent metro casting yards.
;;0.3182;;the project has been undertaken to link the jalyukta shivar, the flagship project of chief minister devendrafadnavis , with livelihoods of villagers.
;;0.0;;dr kayande had earlier raised objections to the proposal by writing to chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray.
;;0.2023;;the maharashtra chamber of housing industry (mchi-credai), an apex body representing builders in the mmr, had earlier approached chief minister devendrafadnavis , demanding staying of the 2017-18 rr values.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has already held discussions with the union finance minister to elicit maximum compensation for the state, including local bodies and the bmc, post gst.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis was also present.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has already rolled out the project with specifications and a timeline for nagpur, which also happens to be his hometown.
;;0.0;;(representational image) chief minister devendrafadnavis has already rolled out the project with specifications and a timeline for nagpur, which also happens to be his hometown.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has already rolled out the project with specifications and a timeline for nagpur, which also happens to be his hometown.
;;0.0;;the loi was signed in mumbai in presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis and elected members from nagpur, senior officials from state government and l&t.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis at bjp office in dadar.
;;0.0;;express photo by pradip das maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis at bjp office in dadar.
;;0.0;;4:51 pm: chief minister devendrafadnavis to address press conference at bjps dadar office in a few minutes.
;;0.0;;leader of the house trushna vishwasrao took a jibe at the bjp and stated that the partys group leader manoj kotak should ask chief minister devendrafadnavis to remove mehta from the post of municipal commissioner.
;;-0.3089;;we are willing to give a letter to the governor, saying the devendrafadnavis government will not have ncps support if shiv sena withdraws from it.
;;-0.4404;;pawar said chief minister devendrafadnavis poll campaign is centred around personal attacks on uddhav, the shiv sena had to retaliate.
;;-0.4404;;congress and ncp members vociferously raised the farm loan waiver issue in the legislative council and stalled proceedings as they accused the devendrafadnavis government of dragging its feet on the matter.
;;0.0;;whereas chief minister devendrafadnavis said the state will study the uttar pradesh mode, she said.
;;0.0;;maharashtra: swacch bharat mission is driven by chief minister devendrafadnavis who also holds the portfolio of urban development.
;;0.0;;(source: file photo) maharashtra: swacch bharat mission is driven by chief minister devendrafadnavis who also holds the portfolio of urban development.
;;0.0;;the mission is driven by chief minister devendrafadnavis who also holds the portfolio of urban development.
;;0.5106;;speaking at the event, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that 11 of maharashtras 36 districts had been declared free of open defecation since the swachh bharat campaign kicked off.
;;0.0;;while thackeray said the final decision will be taken after his discussions with chief minister devendrafadnavis , senior shiv sena leader sanjay raut rubbed it in further saying, 60 seats to bjp in civic polls is more than enough.
;;0.0;;chavan posted this letter on his twitter handle and tagged chief minister devendrafadnavis in it.
;;0.5423;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , during his tour to canada and the us, dwelt at length on application of emerging advanced technology to bring greater precision in farming.
;;-0.7003;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday condoled the killing of a jawan of the special force that conducts anti-naxal operations, in a landmine attack by maoists in gadchiroli district.
;;0.1786;;one had never heard of attacks against cops when rr patil (former ncp mla) was the home minister, but such things are happening now as the bjp is sheltering goons, pawar said, in a veiled dig at chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio.
;;0.0;;express photo by ashish shankar mumbai, 20/01/2008builders will get additional construction rights for redevelopment of low-rise slums and old buildings in the suburbs of mumbai with the devendrafadnavis government set to introduce the policy for cluster redevelopment in these parts.
;;0.0;;on friday, after the hc finally lifted the stay, chief minister devendrafadnavis indicated that his government intends to roll out the model for the suburbs.
;;-0.25;;affirming that the maharashtra government will come out with a loan waiver for farmers before october 31, chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday alleged that some political leaders are milking the ongoing agitation.
;;0.3182;;with the maharashtra government set to expand the scope of its farm loan waiver scheme ahead of the state polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis told that the legislative assembly thursday that this could cost the state exchequer an additional rs 8,000 crore.
;;-0.296;;i had a meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis and he said there was no evidence of bhides involvement in the clashes.
;;0.4215;;express)to give elephanta caves a major facelift, chief minister devendrafadnavis last week approved a rs 344.
;;0.296;;in a bid to provide relief to drought hit regions of maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis has declared additional funds to provide water tankers, solve electricity problems and provide education to children in rural areas.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis offers water to anna hazare in ramlila maidan, new delhi, on thursday.
;;0.0;;(photo: ani) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis offers water to anna hazare in ramlila maidan, new delhi, on thursday.
;;-0.7351;;(photo: ani)a week after he went on an indefinite hunger strike demanding anti-graft regulations, social activist anna hazare on thursday broke his fast following negotiations with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister of state for agriculture gajendra singh shekhawat in ramlila maidan in the national capital.
;;0.6369;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has taken up the uphill task with a strict timeline to give a boost to core sectors like primary and secondary education, health and agriculture.
;;-0.4767;;the sit appointed by chief minister devendrafadnavis will come up with its findings soon and we will come to know what exactly went wrong, sawant told reporters.
;;-0.5859;;the bjp corporators, including eknath pawar, former deputy mayor shailaja more, eknath dhake and shital shinde, submitted a memorandum to gadkari, complaining that barne had been attacking modi, chief minister devendrafadnavis , and others, and therefore, they were completely opposed to his candidature.
;;-0.6124;;the one indicator that will worry the devendrafadnavis government the most as it spells out its final budget before the state polls on tuesday is the negative growth in the crop sector.
;;-0.5423;;another problem that the devendrafadnavis government might want to fix through the budget is the relatively low spend on capital works.
;;-0.1381;;constable lalita salve constable lalita salveover a month after chief minister devendrafadnavis cleared a file permitting constable lalita salve to undergo a gender reassignment surgery, the office of the maharashtra director general of police (dgp) has recently written to the state home department contending that as medical tests at a state-run hospital identified her as male, the leave salve has sought for undergoing surgery cannot be granted.
;;0.0;;advertisinga meeting was held on july 14 between chief minister devendrafadnavis and members of the group to discuss the demands.
;;0.1779;;pti photothe grievances of fishermen regarding the chhatrapati shivaji memorial would be resolved and the project would not be allowed to be embroiled in any controversy, chief minister devendrafadnavis assured on wednesday.
;;0.0;;at the annual meeting on friday to take stock of the situation ahead of the coming kharif season, chief minister devendrafadnavis emphasised on shifting water-intensive crops from flood irrigation to drip irrigation.
;;0.0;;the village will be inaugurated by chief minister devendrafadnavis , tawde said.
;;0.0;;sule said the burnt onions will be presented to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
;;-0.4767;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file)in the last two financial years between 2015 and 2017, the state government has achieved only 25 to 30 per cent of the set target for rural housing for the landless and poor.
;;0.0772;;while reckoning the challenges in the housing sectors both urban and rural, chief minister devendrafadnavis intends to raise the project target and set completion dateline every three months.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , at internal departmental meetings where the documents were discussed, said, maharashtra should emerge as the leading state in taking forward micro irrigation.
;;0.0;;speaking in the state legislative assembly, chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government was open to talks with the farmers body, and that it was willing to consider all the demands put forth by farmers and tribals.
;;0.4215;;three days after the chopper of chief minister devendrafadnavis crashlanded at nilanga in latur district, safety experts have raised questions about the compliance of chopper flying and maintenance rules.
;;0.0;;ahead of the crucial three week-long monsoon session, chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday night met shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray at matoshree.
;;0.4215;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis shiv senas performance in bmc and thane municipal polls has been astounding.
;;-0.0644;;earlier, we agitated in nashik when chief minister devendrafadnavis assured us to meet our demands but nothing has been implemented on ground.
;;0.8779;;the awards, part of the national redink awards for excellence in journalism and instituted by the mumbai press club, will be presented by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis at a ceremony in mumbai on june 7.
;;-0.4404;;after the recent building collapse in dongri that claimed 13 lives, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced redevelopment of 14,207 cessed buildings under the maharashtra housing and area development authority.
;;-0.6486;;intervening, chief minister devendrafadnavis said it would be unfair to stop the oath-taking ceremony following which sena members started sloganeering.
;;0.0;;taking a dig at chief minister devendrafadnavis featuring in the river anthem campaign against pollution, he said, the government makes slogans which remain untranslated in reality.
;;-0.4141;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)asserting that he was not against a loan waiver for farmers, chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday said it wasnt a lasting solution for their problems and that the state government had made investments worth rs 30,500 crore to make farmers self-reliant in the state.
;;-0.296;;udayanraje will fly to delhi from pune, accompanied by chief minister devendrafadnavis , in a chartered plan he will submit his resignation to the lok sabha speaker, he added.
;;0.0;;regarding a meeting of congress leader harshavardhan patil with chief minister devendrafadnavis , which has led to speculations of patil joining the bjp, thorat said his permission was taken.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , pune guardian minister chandrakant patil, mayor mukta tilak, district collector naval kishore ram and sspu vice chancellor nitin karmalkar, among others, were present at the event.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has voiced his concerns to the state level bankers committee (slbc).
;;0.0;;shiv sena ministers have submitted a memorandum to chief minister devendrafadnavis , seeking loan waiver for farmers in the state.
;;0.0;;besides, it is campaigning with chief minister devendrafadnavis as its face and the issue of transparency in civic body as it poll plank.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had appointed senior ias officer gautam chatterjee to look into allegations that repeated change in land use norms for the bandra plot was allowed arbitrarily over a period spanning nearly three decades.
;;0.3818;;at the mahajanadesh yatra commencing from august 1, chief minister devendrafadnavis is going to make a bold assertion of states transformation from magnetic maharashtra to new maharashtra.
;;-0.34;;chief minister devendrafadnavis himself tweeted about this blaze, which also sent central mumbai residents, at least 15 km from the fire, scurrying to doctors with shortness of breath, cough and lung infections.
;;0.4215;;(source: pti/file)the chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the government will reconstitute the project affected peoples relief and rehabilitation authority which had become defunct for the last six years during the congress-ncp government.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis held a meeting in which it was decided to present before the court that our land andthat reserved for a law university is different.
;;0.6249;;(file photo)even as the decision by the maharashtra government to announce a complete loan waiver for farmers was met with euphoria among farmers, detractors said nothing additional had been announced beyond the promises made when chief minister devendrafadnavis met protesting farmers on june 3.
;;-0.6705;;days after the suicide of dr payal tadvi, nagpur-based dr babasaheb ambedkar national students federation had on may 26 appealed to chief minister devendrafadnavis for implementation of the recommendations of a three-member committee constituted in aiims, delhi, to inquire into allegations of differential treatment of sc/st students at the institute.
;;-0.4404;;drop outthe ongoing rescue efforts in flood-hit western maharashtra have forced chief minister devendrafadnavis to drop out of a delegation of chief ministers to vladivostok, russia.
;;-0.3818;;the nationalist congress party first attacked the ruling bjp after bags of wheat and rice meant for flood victims in sangli were found to have stickers with photos of cm devendrafadnavis and partys ichalkaranji mla suresh halvankar.
;;0.2732;;on the eve of the launch of his mass outreach programme aimed at building momentum ahead of the assembly elections, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday reiterated the bjp and the shiv sena would contest together unlike 2014.
;;0.5859;;in a bid to curb the rising number of farmer suicides and to find out whether the government schemes are actually reaching the farmer families, a special one-man team  on the directives of chief minister devendrafadnavis  sunday began a stock-taking mission in the drought-hit marathwada region.
;;0.3612;;advertisingwhile a proposal in this connection had been tabled three years ago, sources said that during the monsoon session of the state legislature, chief minister devendrafadnavis had assured legislators in the mira road-virar belt that the commissionerate will be functional before the upcoming state elections, slated to be held later this year.
;;0.6908;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also handles the home portfolio, said that the situation is under control and efforts have been undertaken to bring people from different communities together and restore peace.
;;0.128;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said this on monday at a freewheeling interactive session with the aam aadmi across maharashtra as he fielded a host of questions, from the possibility of a shiv sena-bjp post-poll alliance to water management and solar-driven metros.
;;0.0;;watch video: whats making newsafter going through these suggestions, a blueprint for mumbai makeover would be presented before chief minister devendrafadnavis , lad said.
;;0.2732;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , commenting on the maratha morcha, had said, the government is committed to maratha reservation in education and employment.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday withdrew the spa status extended to industrialist ajit gulabchand-promoted lavasa corporation for the rs 40,000 crore project located near pune.
;;0.2732;;(file photo)ten months after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a tie-up with corporate honchos and industry leaders for creation of model villages across maharashtra, the initiative is yet to take off.
;;-0.5719;;instead, the senas heightened attack against chief minister devendrafadnavis , prime minister narendra modi or the bjp will only expose sena president uddhav thackerays double-standards.
;;0.2263;;the party-led pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation (pcmc) administration recently came under the lens when bjp mp amar sable sought chief minister devendrafadnavis intervention in the corruption in allotment of road development projects worth rs 425 crore and sought an investigation.
;;0.0;;maharsahtra cm devendrafadnavis maharsahtra cm devendrafadnavis state government has given nod for regional plan to be implemented in eight districts of satara, kolhapur, nanded, latur, jalna, thane, palghar and raigad.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis during an election rally in kothrud.
;;0.0;;express maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis during an election rally in kothrud.
;;0.128;;expressgiving a push to the bjps election campaign, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on monday that everyone was aware of the corruption during the ncp rule, while there was no presence left of other political parties.
;;0.6124;;chief minister devendrafadnavis deserves to be complimented for successfully breaking the agitation of maratha community by weaning over some maratha leaders and having his way, the resolution stated.
;;0.4767;;the bjp on thursday submitted a list of 114 seats for the crucial brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) elections on february 21 to chief minister devendrafadnavis for his approval.
;;0.4588;;the developments come a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that maharashtra government will come out with a loan waiver for farmers before october 31, which will benefit 1.
;;0.4404;;this is imperative as the state is already wrestling with a string of issues, including water and agricultureit would have been better had the centre named punjab chief minister capt amarinder singh as the chairman of the committee instead of instead of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , he added.
;;-0.4215;;chief minister chief minister devendrafadnavis is scheduled to meet with a delegation of the agitating farmers on monday.
;;0.4215;;advertisingon september 3, devendrafadnavis cabinet had approved a revised tourism policy for maharashtra, which included proposal of renting out forts to private tourism developers and hoteliers on lease basis.
;;0.0;;he even called on chief minister devendrafadnavis over the issue on friday.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra cm devendra fadnavisday after his bharat mata ki jai remark triggered a row, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday said chanting of the slogan had nothing to do with religion or electoral politics.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis monday proposed the development of a mobile app that calculates the carbon footprint of each individual so as to enable everyone to try and mitigate it by planting trees.
;;0.0;;kedari claimed that in the past few months, he has written three letters to chief minister devendrafadnavis , and urged the cm to take steps to overhaul the institute, so that the very motive for which it was established, is served.
;;-0.8591;;(source: file)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday lauded prime minister narendra modis efforts to uplift the conditions of the poor and said earlier only hollow speeches were made about eradication of poverty, a veiled attack on previous congress-led governments.
;;0.0;;on ncp chief sharad pawars claim that karnataka was asked to discharge water from almatti dam only after he spoke to prime minister narendra modi, resulting in water levels going down in flooded western maharashtra, mahajan said: chief minister devendrafadnavis has been in constant touch with his counterpart in karnataka, b s yediyurappa, to discuss water discharge from almatti dam.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said,  at the end of magnetic maharashtra, we expect total investments to be between rs 10 lakh crore and 12 lakh crore.
;;0.0772;;rti activist anil galgali had written to chief minister devendrafadnavis , the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) commissioner, u p s madan, and mmrc managing director ashwini bhide on february 3, 2017, seeking access to dprs of all ongoing projects.
;;0.0;;advertisinglast month, a delegation of marathi writers, including veteran madhu mangesh karnik, former president of the all india marathi literature meet laxmikant deshmukh and others had met chief minister devendrafadnavis to press for their demands of classical status to marathi, building a language bhavan, among others.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra governor ch vidyasagar rao inspecting the tunnel along with chief minister devendrafadnavis at raj bhavan.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/devendra fadnavis) maharashtra governor ch vidyasagar rao inspecting the tunnel along with chief minister devendrafadnavis at raj bhavan.
;;0.0;;the governor, who visited the bunker along with his wife and chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday, has decided to consult experts from various fields regarding its preservation.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis visited the bunker late in the evening tuesday.
;;0.0;;advertisingboth shevali and deshmukh were among thousands who walked miles to participate in chief minister devendrafadnavis mahajanadesh yatra, which passed from ahmedpur on august 31.
;;0.1531;;but people know that the devendrafadnavis government is making concerted efforts to help in way of higher compensation packages for crop loss and several water projects.
;;-0.4767;;amruta fadnavis, wife of chief minister devendrafadnavis , is set to walk the ramp with 16 acid attack survivors along with many other celebrities and models on sunday at the national sports club of india, worli.
;;0.4215;;asked if he would mediate between the two parties ahead of the polls next year, gadkari said chief minister devendrafadnavis and state bjp chief raosaheb danve would handle matters related to the state.
;;0.1531;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said on thursday said that he had requested his karnataka counterpart to discharge 5 lakh cusecs, a demand which has been accepted.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis is the young rising star in the countrys political firmament.
;;-0.4404;;uddhavs remarks came a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that he would discuss the issue with aaditya, who has spoken out against cutting trees in aarey and staked his reputation as a woke, new age sena leader on this contentious matter roiling mumbai ahead of the assembly elections due in october.
;;0.0;;members of the national federation of visually impaired persons stood on the road outside the main gate at mantralaya, raising slogans against chief minister devendrafadnavis and his government.
;;-0.1531;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had then credited the bjp government for starting the project and had blamed the previous regimes for sitting on the project for 15 years without getting any regulatory clearances.
;;-0.25;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had on june 24 announced the loan waiver of rs 34,022 crore after a state-wide agitation by farmers earlier last month.
;;-0.128;;that strike prompted chief minister devendrafadnavis to announce the chhatrapati shivaji maharaj shetkari samman yojana, which was to see waiver of rs 1.
;;-0.6705;;watch video | following bmc polls failure sanjay nirupam offers resignation as mumbai congress chiefthe former is home to the rss headquarters and two bjp veterans chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari.
;;-0.6707;;one, the people of mumbai were tired of the senas childish politics; two, the city has witnessed a huge influx of north indians which are not sympathetic to sena and the last is chief ministers devendrafadnavis own image.
;;0.0;;(kevin dsouza)mobile ticketing will change the way mumbai travels, said chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday while speaking at the fourth anniversary celebrations of mumbai metro one.
;;0.5994;;file photo: chief minister devendrafadnavis buying fresh farm vegetables at a shetkari bazaar to promote farmers vegetables and fruits.
;;0.5994;;(express photo by shubhangi khapre/file) file photo: chief minister devendrafadnavis buying fresh farm vegetables at a shetkari bazaar to promote farmers vegetables and fruits.
;;-0.34;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , while announcing the project, stressed on the need for incorporating practices to manage the effects of climate change and water management projects to bring reforms in agriculture.
;;0.5267;;a highly placed source in the government said, chief minister devendrafadnavis has shared his vision maharashtra document with a groups of officials.
;;0.5267;;a highly placed source in the government said, chief minister devendrafadnavis has shared his vision maharashtra document with a groups of officials.
;;0.5267;;a highly placed source in the government said, chief minister devendrafadnavis has shared his vision maharashtra document with a groups of officials.
;;0.0;;so, we will present the tur imported from mozambique, sugar imported from pakistan and milk imported from gujarat and karnataka to chief minister devendrafadnavis on june 5, said nawale.
;;-0.1027;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: file photo)the ongoing strike by radiologists across the state against what they called irrational implementation of the pcpndt act was called off on wednesday, with the maharashtra state branch of indian radiology and imaging association (msbiria) stating that chief minister devendrafadnavis had promised to look into their demands.
;;-0.0516;;at the same time, despite chief minister devendrafadnavis assurance to the assembly that there was no proposal before the state government for a separate statehood for vidarbha, opposition parties in the council refused to let the house function and demanded that the cm propose an akhand maharashtra resolution.
;;-0.296;;chief minister devendrafadnavis told the state assembly on tuesday that no evidence has been found against bhide.
;;-0.3197;;(pti photo)political skirmishes ahead of the elections turned more intense on monday with the bjp approaching the bkc cyber police station alleging that a woman worker of the shiv sena made personal attacks on chief minister devendrafadnavis on a social networking site.
;;0.25;;pti photothe farmers from maharashtra have withdrawn their strike today after holding a meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis who promised to take a series of measures to meet their demands.
;;0.6486;;on friday, chief minister devendrafadnavis led a delegation of sena and bjp leaders to meet finance minister arun jaitley to ask the centre for an institutional credit mechanism to help 31 lakh farmers who cannot avail crop loans due to pending debts.
;;0.128;;launched by devendrafadnavis , the project has made 4, 374 villages water neutral so far, as per government projections.
;;0.0;;read | ahead of polls, maharashtra budget focuses on farm sectorchief minister devendrafadnavis said, our emphasis on agriculture and irrigation is a pledge to realise the double production and income of farmers.
;;0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, i am deeply moved by the silent protest which displays both the might and also the great restraint by the community.
;;0.5423;;vinod dua receives the redink lifetime achievement in journalism award from maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai on wednesday.
;;0.5423;;pradip das vinod dua receives the redink lifetime achievement in journalism award from maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai on wednesday.
;;-0.7783;;pradip dasexpressing concern over the problem of manufactured news spread through social media, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday described it as a crisis of credibility.
;;-0.1779;;when pointed out that chief minister devendrafadnavis had already spoken of bringing in a bill to allow the bullock cart races, landge said we want the bill to be brought in the first week of the current session itself, as village jatras (rural fairs) are beginning and people are being denied of the races.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis monday said the ahmednagar rape-murder case involving a minor girl would be heard in a fast-track court.
;;-0.4939;;while the collector was himself busy with chief minister devendrafadnavis visit to murbad city to inaugurate a statue, tehsildars were asked to start assessing the damage in their areas.
;;-0.5423;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said: the government was committed to bring a legislation to make non-enforcement of msp a criminal offence.
;;0.0258;;advertisingin an editorial in party mouthpiece saamana, the sena said chief minister devendrafadnavis was on bjps mahajanadesh yatra when the flood situation became grave.
;;0.4588;;chief minister devendrafadnavis will lead a team of 10,000 party workers, including ministers and elected members, in the partys expansion drive where it is mandatory to visit villages for 14 days at a stretch.
;;0.0516;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: express archive photo by santosh parab) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: express archive photo by santosh parab)chief minister devendrafadnavis said saturday the government was willing to allocate financial resources along with the centre to help 31 lakh farmers reeling under debt of rs 30,500 crore.
;;-0.4767;;but, pawar stressed that since chief minister devendrafadnavis had taken the decision regarding nominating the two leaders, it is being considered as the final.
;;0.0;;in nagpur, early voters included rss chief mohan bhagwat and union minister nitin gadkari while chief minister devendrafadnavis cast his vote along with wife amruta and mother in citys dharampeth area around 11.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , while speaking to the indian express, said, i will define it (nagpur-mumbai samruddhi expressway) as a highway to prosperity and a major game changer, as it will transform the entire corridor comprising 24 townships (nodes) beyond vidarbha and marathwada.
;;-0.128;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis friday said the government was trying to strike a balance to work out a model to bring 31 lakh farmers within the institutional crop loan bracket.
;;0.0;;he said chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that he will order sit inquiry into the affairs of the civic body.
;;0.25;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday warned district cooperative banks against diverting funds for drought relief to settle crop loans of farmers.
;;0.0;;in a meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday, raj thackeray stirred the marathi issue once more, to be met with immediate opposition from taxi unions, who called it a political stint before the brihanmumbai municipal corporation elections in 2017.
;;0.7783;;addressing the counsel generals and representatives of various foreign embassies in mumbai, chief minister devendrafadnavis said maharashtras second capital, nagpur, has immense potential to attract foreign direct investment (fdi) because of its geographical advantage coupled with availability of water and free land.
;;0.0;;addressing a farmers rally at raigaon village in kadegaon taluka of sangli district, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, overall, our budgetary allocations for the agriculture sector has gone up many folds.
;;0.4019;;while shetti is busy leading a march of close to 15,000 farmers and party workers to mumbai, chief minister devendrafadnavis was in shettis constituency in kolhapur to address a shetkari melava (farmers meet).
;;0.0;;claiming that maharashtra had progressed industrially, chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said the state has been able to get maximum investments in industrial sector and generated maximum employment in the country during his five-year tenure.
;;0.0;;we were once again told by shelar that our file will be presented to chief minister devendrafadnavis but that it will take time.
;;0.1901;;watch video: whats making newsthe family said that maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had assured them that he would arrange a meeting with the prime minister, but that too has not materialised.
;;0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and tata trusts chairman ratan tata signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) for this collaboration at vidhan bhavan in mumbai.
;;0.836;;if the metro is compelling for a better future, following the principles of great leaders is compulsory, said chief minister devendrafadnavis at the mmrdas meeting at vidhan bhavan.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe statement comes a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the state government wants asias biggest first green oil refinery to come up at nanar in ratnagiri district in the konkan region.
;;-0.7184;;the decision evoked sharp reaction from bjps alliance partner shiv sena, which pleaded with chief minister devendrafadnavis to reconsider the quantum of punishment and also the number of members suspended.
;;-0.4215;;in a snub to maharashtra bjp president and revenue minister chandrakant patil, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray sunday said the decision about seat-sharing for the assembly polls would be taken by him, chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp national president amit shah.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe only people who will decide the seat-sharing are chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp chief amit shah and i, said thackeray while talking to mediapersons on sunday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday once again pledged to make maharashtra drought-free.
;;-0.3818;;as campaigning for the fierce election battle  the local body polls are being seen as a semi-final for the 2019 assembly polls in the state  nears a close, pawar also trained guns on chief minister devendrafadnavis , the face of the bjps campaign.
;;-0.4019;;taking note of the problem, chief minister devendrafadnavis has set officials to fix the existing faultlines in the system.
;;0.3182;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has ordered a high-level probe and water resources minister girish mahajan, who visited the area wednesday, announced that strict action will be initiated against officials found responsible.
;;0.25;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis plan to provide a rs 2000-crore guarantee to district cooperative banks for disbursing crop loans in the drought-hit belts tuesday met with resistance from within his government.
;;0.0;;taking a stern view of this, chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed all civic chiefs to first ascertain that a public land can be immediately put to use before acquiring it.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis at the bjp rally in dadar-prabhadevi.
;;0.0;;kevin dsouza chief minister devendrafadnavis at the bjp rally in dadar-prabhadevi.
;;0.4019;;kevin dsouzahours before chief minister devendrafadnavis was to address an election rally for the bharatiya janata party (bjp) just a few furlongs from their office, it was just another day at work for the staff inside the office of the saamana, the shiv senas mouthpiece.
;;0.296;;advertisingthorat said that a delegation of party leaders will meet chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday to formally raise the demand.
;;-0.0258;;considering the october 2016 precedent of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis when he too invited raj thackeray to his office to hear out and settle his partys objections to karan johars ae dil hai mushkil, this came as no surprise.
;;0.25;;raising the issue of employment guarantee to drought-hit farmers, shiv senas heir apparent aaditya thackeray said on sunday that he would soon meet chief minister devendrafadnavis to discuss the issue.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , along with shiv sena president uddhav thackeray seem to be striking the right chord with mumbaikars on the housing policy, ahead of the bmc 2017 polls.
;;0.0;;(file) chief minister devendrafadnavis , along with shiv sena president uddhav thackeray seem to be striking the right chord with mumbaikars on the housing policy, ahead of the bmc 2017 polls.
;;0.0;;ahead of the crucial 2017 bmc polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis , along with shiv sena president uddhav thackeray seem to be striking the right chord with mumbaikars on the housing policy.
;;0.0;;i also joined the maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis along with shah rukh khan and other guests at a ceo roundtable in the maharashtra lounge to launch the fintech policy for the state.
;;0.5859;;savle said chief minister devendrafadnavis had promised transparency in the functioning of civic bodies and she would do everything possible to live up to the partys promise.
;;0.0;;a poster congratulating devendrafadnavis for the loan announcement.
;;0.0;;(source: ganesh shirsekar) a poster congratulating devendrafadnavis for the loan announcement.
;;-0.7269;;a senior bjp minister confirmed to the indian express that the shiv senas role in the ongoing protest was discussed in detail during a meeting convened by chief minister devendrafadnavis at his official residence late tuesday evening to take stock of the crisis.
;;0.0;;sources say chief minister devendrafadnavis has plans to carry out a major rejig once the model code of conduct is lifted in may.
;;0.1027;;chief minister devendrafadnavis with union defence minister manohar parrikar in mumbai on saturday.
;;0.1027;;(prashant nadkar) chief minister devendrafadnavis with union defence minister manohar parrikar in mumbai on saturday.
;;0.1027;;the policy initiative under the banner of make in maharashtra was announced by chief minister devendrafadnavis in the presence of union defence minister manohar parrikar on saturday.
;;0.5719;;chief minister devendrafadnavis met prime minister narendra modi on tuesday and apprised him about the political developments and the electoral success the bjp got in the ten municipal corporations, 25 zilla parishads and 283 panchayat samitis across maharashtra.
;;0.4019;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said the objective of the smart city project is to enhance the quality of life of citizens.
;;-0.1027;;(source: express photo by narendra vaskar)professional rivalrythe rapprochement between the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and the shiv sena has thrown up a never-before scenario in maharashtra politics  an elected legislator and the contestant she defeated have both got berths in chief minister devendrafadnavis team.
;;-0.7258;;(file)the government will not hesitate to take action against those found guilty in koregaon-bhima violence, said chief minister devendrafadnavis during the meeting with bharip bahujan mahasangh president prakash ambedkar.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday asserted that there cannot be any compromise on discipline and insubordination in the police force in maharashtra.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, chief minister devendrafadnavis visited several ganesh mandals in the city.
;;0.4939;;chief minister devendrafadnavis convened a meeting of senior politicians from various parties, legal luminaries, and bureaucrats at his officialsouth mumbai residence to consider steps to defend the reservation in court.
;;0.0;;b'mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis felicitates olympic silver medallist shuttler p v sindhu and her coach gopichand in mumbai.
;;0.0;;pti photo mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis felicitates olympic silver medallist shuttler p v sindhu and her coach gopichand in mumbai.
;;0.0;;the felicitation ceremony was attended by chief minister of maharashtra shri devendrafadnavis and sports minister of maharashtra vinod tawde.
;;0.0;;advertisingcommenting on the governments emphasis on women plank in the budget, chief minister devendrafadnavis said,  women empowerment is central to the development of any civilised society.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari and others flag off during the inaugurate the indias first ola multi modal electric vehicle project in nagpur on friday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari and others flag off during the inaugurate the indias first ola multi modal electric vehicle project in nagpur on friday.
;;0.0;;the union minister, along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , inaugurated indias first multi-modal electric vehicle project at the nagpur airport complex here.
;;0.7096;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has already offered support for the festival in mumbai.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday told the legislative council during question hour, the government is working through various schemes and organisations to curb juvenile crimes.
;;0.0;;b'chief minster devendrafadnavis visited tribal villages in dhule and nandurbar districts wednesday to review the jalyukta shivar projects, public healthcare and social sectors.
;;0.0;;express chief minster devendrafadnavis visited tribal villages in dhule and nandurbar districts wednesday to review the jalyukta shivar projects, public healthcare and social sectors.
;;0.4215;;chief minister devendrafadnavis announced this while reviewing the progress of various schemes.
;;0.3818;;the top court was also critical of petitioners counsel dushyant dave referring to proceedings related to a 1991 case in which five persons including maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had got relief from a high court bench of justices b r gavai and v m deshpande.
;;0.0;;though none of the mlas from pune city and pimpri-chinchwad is likely to be inducted in chief minister devendrafadnavis cabinet, an mla from pune district has apparently received a call to remain present during the oath-taking ceremony on sunday.
;;0.0;;thackeray has now lined up a meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis over the concerns harboured by police families on september 7.
;;0.1531;;we have also decided to invite chief minister devendrafadnavis , mns chief raj thackeray and former chief minister ashok chavan, said arvind shinde, congress house leader.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis gave water management lessons to school children in pune.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis gave water management lessons to school children in pune.
;;0.1027;;in a bid to spread awareness on water conservation among students at an early age, chief minister devendrafadnavis is taking his flagship water conservation project jalyukta shivar abhiyan, which has moved to the second phase and is spread across 5,500 villages, to primary schools.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis issued the order at the weekly cabinet meeting on tuesday.
;;0.4939;;chief minister devendrafadnavis moved a resolution in the assembly to laud the indian air force for its bravery.
;;-0.9118;;ncp boss sharad pawar had attacked maharashtras anti-terrorism squad for terrorising muslim youths on mere suspicion and detaining them illegally, upon which maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis attacked him.
;;0.0;;in april, the state government had formed a sit after direct intervention from chief minister devendrafadnavis , and the team was given the mandate to probe almost 50 cases registered across maharashtra, including 10 in pune.
;;0.0;;explained | arun jaitley: bjp govts go-to man who built political consensus for gstseveral chief ministers from both bjp and opposition-ruled states, including maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , gujarat chief minister vijay rupani, uttarakhand chief minister trivendra singh rawat, karnataka chief minister b s yediyurappa, bihar chief minister nitish kumar and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal were also present.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had on thursday submitted a report on the issue to party chief amit shah in delhi.
;;0.0;;secondly, it may have to consider induction of his son nitesh as a minister of state in chief minister devendrafadnavis government in the state.
;;0.0258;;the congress wednesday used data from the reserve bank of india to taunt the devendrafadnavis government over its magnetic maharashtra initiative, questioning the governments claims on new investment commitments made at the investor summit.
;;0.2263;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had claimed tuesday that maharashtra signed mous worth rs 16 lakh crore at the summit, including rs 12.
;;-0.1295;;in the absence of emotive plank which has always worked to its advantage, he will not have an easy battle in mumbai, especially when the bjp is promoting the development plank under the leadership of chief minister devendrafadnavis in the elections.
;;-0.3818;;the elections to the cash-rich bmc and nine other civic bodies in the state, which had virtually turned into a battle of prestige for chief minister devendrafadnavis , heading the states first bjp-led government, and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, were held on february 21.
;;-0.2411;;farm activist kishor tiwari, who chaired the state government task force vasantrao naik sheti swavlamban mission, on saturday, lambasted chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari for not keeping the promise of accommodating him in vidhan parishad and has announced his decision to return to activism.
;;0.4404;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis has said that pandharpur will be transformed to provide better basic amenities for convenience of 12 lakh warkaris or pilgrims who visit the temple town annually.
;;-0.4465;;(express)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis escaped unhurt in the chopper crash on thursday but a video of the crash that surfaced on the internet showed the chief minister had a very narrow escape.
;;0.0258;;he said they have asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to intervene in the matter.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , along with all bjp ministers and select senior party functionaries, assessed the impact of the partys programme and projects in rural maharashtra.
;;0.7579;;watch video: whats making newschief minister devendrafadnavis , in a note, had taken serious cognizance earlier, and had asked wcd officials to ensure that all homes function to the best of their capacity, and if found otherwise, would face stringent action.
;;0.0;;the opposition on monday targeted chief minister devendrafadnavis for continuing with his political campaign despite a flood-like situation in several parts of the city.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the state has enacted a special law to effectively check attacks against mediapersons.
;;0.2263;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file)the bjp unit in maharashtra is prepared for mid-term polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis has said.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (right)with industrial minister subhash desai.
;;0.3818;;the deal, announced by cm devendrafadnavis , involved an investment of rs 50,000 crore and employment opportunities for 30,000 people.
;;0.5106;;the community has an equally strong presence in chief minister devendrafadnavis cabinet.
;;0.0;;its not just that devendrafadnavis is a brahmin  only the second brahmin to lead the state since 1960.
;;0.5267;;since then the union ministry of social justice and empowerment, under thawar chand gehlot, wrote at least half a dozen letters to maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis and his predecessor prithviraj chavan, without any response, the foundation claimed.
;;0.0258;;today, i spoke to cm devendrafadnavis and he told me that he will decide the matter within a week.
;;0.0;;advertisingpatil took charge in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis at the bjp headquarters in mumbai.
;;-0.6249;;scindia also fired a salvo at chief minister devendrafadnavis , saying the government only made announcements but no development was visible on the ground.
;;0.4215;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday approved a budget of rs 6,976.
;;0.0;;following this, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that bjp was considering to field wangas family members for the bypoll.
;;-0.4215;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis warned voters against exercising franchise in favour of congress, ncp and shiv sena stating that bankrupt banks do not give any returns.
;;-0.4215;;(pti photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis warned voters against exercising franchise in favour of congress, ncp and shiv sena stating that bankrupt banks do not give any returns.
;;0.9231;;(pti photo)equating bjp to a bank which offers good returns to investors, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said his party stands for progress and development and anyone casting vote in its favour will earn interest in the form of development.
;;-0.6124;;(representational image) (representational image)an officer on special duty (osd) to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis fell victim to a cyber crime last week when a man created a fake profile in her name on facebook and claimed that she offered him money to influence his opinion of the cm.
;;0.0772;;in gaikwads post, a message allegedly from kamdars profile, read, give me your account number and i expect that within 24 hours, your opinion of maharashtras chief minister devendrafadnavis will change.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis initiated the jalyukta shivar in 2015.
;;0.3612;;union minister for finance, corporate affairs and defence, arun jaitley is greeted by chief minister of maharashtra, devendrafadnavis at a meeting in new delhi on friday.
;;0.3612;;(source: pti) union minister for finance, corporate affairs and defence, arun jaitley is greeted by chief minister of maharashtra, devendrafadnavis at a meeting in new delhi on friday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis led a delegation of senior bjp and shiv sena ministers and elected members to meet union finance minister arun jaitley and union agriculture minister radha mohan singh in new delhi, friday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis will launch the redevelopment project of the british-era bombay development directorate (bdd) chawls in the city on april 22, an official from the housing department said on thursday.
;;0.0;;will prime minister narendra modi or chief minister devendrafadnavis sort out your issues?
;;-0.4588;;after a series of protests in maharashtra last year over the low procurement price of milk, chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced a subsidy of rs 5 per litre for dairy farmers.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis during election victory celebrations at bjp office, nariman point on saturday.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis during election victory celebrations at bjp office, nariman point on saturday.
;;0.6597;;the bharatiya janata party will never compromise its ideology and seek support from the congress to come to power in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis at the birthplace of veer savarkar at bhagur in nashik on sunday.
;;0.0;;express chief minister devendrafadnavis at the birthplace of veer savarkar at bhagur in nashik on sunday.
;;0.1027;;the decision for to purchase the home was cleared by chief minister devendrafadnavis and it became one of the focal points of prime minister narendra modis visit to the uk in november 2015.
;;-0.25;;b'the maharashtra state medical teachers association (msmta), headed by dr s g tambe, has also written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , urging him to cancel chandanwales transfer.
;;-0.25;;(express photo) the maharashtra state medical teachers association (msmta), headed by dr s g tambe, has also written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , urging him to cancel chandanwales transfer.
;;-0.25;;the maharashtra state medical teachers association (msmta), headed by dr s g tambe, has also written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , urging him to cancel chandanwales transfer.
;;0.7184;;even as chief minister devendrafadnavis , while addressing party office bearers at thane on thursday, had argued in favour of a pre-poll alliance with ally sena, some anonymous bjp workers and supporters put up banners with contrary stand outside the meeting venue at teen hath naka.
;;0.0772;;it was in 2016 when chief minister devendrafadnavis had first declared plans to formulate the new policy after a controversy had broken out over one such allotment in the suburbs of mumbai to a trust backed by a sitting bjp parliamentarian.
;;0.5511;;desai, president of bhumata brigade, who left pune with nearly 150-175 activists as part of her plan to push for entry of women into the garbhagriha (sanctum sanctorum) of the temple, urged chief minister devendrafadnavis to make sure that their members are not detained on the way, as the authorities did during the earlier campaign.
;;0.0;;(file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis here on thursday inaugurated the building of maharashtras anti-terror unit force one which houses a training centre and hostel for the state commandos.
;;0.8271;;a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced free bus rides in areas witnessing increased congestion due to closed bridges, the brihan-mumbai electric supply and transport (best) undertaking started a free bus service in kings circle area on thursday.
;;0.0;;advertisingvarsha is the official residence of chief minister devendrafadnavis while matoshree is the home of thackeray in mumbai.
;;0.1901;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis wife amruta (an aspiring playback singer), ram vilas paswans son chirag (once keen to be a movie star but now a politician) and former gujarat cm anandiben patels granddaughter sanskruti (a model) are among those who have sought out sharma.
;;0.5719;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has emerged as the main political beneficiary of the bombay high court verdict upholding the reservation brought in by him for the maratha community in educations and jobs, even though the court downsised the quota from 16 per cent to 12 per cent for education and 13 percent for public jobs.
;;0.4939;;amid several senior leaders of the opposition congress and ncp joining the bjp, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday indicated that those inducted constitute just about two per cent of the ruling partys current strength of leaders.
;;0.5267;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has taken up the issue with the ministry of social justice and ministry of finance at the centre so that the projects can be taken ahead.
;;0.0;;b'shah, along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and other bjp leaders, had called on dixit at her residence in suburban mumbai.
;;0.0;;shah, along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and other bjp leaders, had called on dixit at her residence in suburban mumbai.
;;0.0;;shah, along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and other bjp leaders, had called on dixit at her residence in suburban mumbai.
;;0.3818;;he said chief minister devendrafadnavis of bjp was wrongly taking credit for various works in the city, including cluster development, metro and flyovers.
;;-0.1045;;(express archive)as maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis announced in the state legislature friday that the government was altering the non-creamy layer definition for other backward classes (obcs) to include those with an annual income of up to rs 6 lakh, there was little doubt that the tinkering is politically significant, with elections to major urban local bodies slated for early next year.
;;-0.1779;;talks with chief minister devendrafadnavis and minister of state sadashiv khot have failed to resolve the situation.
;;0.4019;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said the government has prioritised the expansion of amravati, akola and yavatmal airports, in order to give a boost to industrial development in western vidarbha.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the extension will help farmers to avail loan waiver till may 20.
;;0.2732;;talking about his home state devendrafadnavis said we in maharashtra had successive drought for four years.
;;0.2732;;(file) talking about his home state devendrafadnavis said we in maharashtra had successive drought for four years.
;;-0.867;;(file)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday termed as unfortunate the killing of five people in police firing during a farmers agitation in madhya pradesh, but said very grave situation there necessitated police action.
;;0.0;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis chief minister devendra fadnavischief minister devendrafadnavis is likely to downsize the portfolios of heavyweight cabinet ministers during the cabinet expansion to be held in june.
;;0.0;;there are four aspects related to ambedkars agriculture reforms which chief minister devendrafadnavis has incorporated in the state policy for 2016-2019.
;;0.5574;;speaking at an agricultural convention organised by his party in chopada town in jalgaon on may 20, thackeray said he was prepared to forego power and withdraw all sena ministers from the bjp-led government in the state if chief minister devendrafadnavis is willing to announce a blanket loan waiver for farmers.
;;-0.743;;while the bjp, whose campaign is led by chief minister devendrafadnavis , has charged the sena with being unwilling to bring in transparency into the functioning of the bmc, a newly aggressive uddhav thackeray had been accusing the bjp of insulting its alliance partner in the state government before he unilaterally called off seat-sharing talks for the civic polls.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday set a target of bringing three lakh hectares of sugarcane under drip irrigation by 2016-17 and the remaining in two to three years.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday set a target of bringing three lakh hectares of sugarcane under drip irrigation by 2016-17 and the remaining in two to three years.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday set a target of bringing three lakh hectares of sugarcane under drip irrigation by 2016-17 and the remaining in two to three years.
;;0.0;;a pet project of chief minister devendrafadnavis , the corridor has adopted the land pooling method.
;;0.0;;a pet project of chief minister devendrafadnavis , the corridor has adopted the land pooling method.
;;0.0;;a pet project of chief minister devendrafadnavis , the corridor has adopted the land pooling method.
;;-0.128;;responding to the senas demand, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said he had called for a report from the aurangabad divisional commissioner on sector-wise allocation of water to industrial companies.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis named ashwini joshi mumbais new additional municipal commissioner on wednesday.
;;0.3818;;and even though chief minister devendrafadnavis had conveyed the senas sentiments to the central leadership, the union government had made it clear that if they twist the norms for sena and give them a cabinet post, other small allies would also stake similar claims.
;;0.4019;;(file photo)the opposition parties boycotted the customary tea party hosted by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday on the eve of the beginning of the budget session.
;;0.6249;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra cm devendra fadnavischief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday stressed that fresh crop loans for the ensuing kharif season should be handed over to farmers on a mission mode to ensure that most small and marginal farmers find a place in the institutional credit mechanism.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis friday unveiled the model of coaches for metro 3 line, mumbais sole underground metro connecting colaba, bandra and seepz, and announced that it will be named as aqua line.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar during a pannel discussion held after announcing maharashtra budget in mumbai on saturday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar during a pannel discussion held after announcing maharashtra budget in mumbai on saturday.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis expressed his condolences while many other political party leaders acknowledged his role in mobilising the work force in both the organised and unorganised sectors.
;;-0.296;;advertisingat the cabinet meet, chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis , serious concern was expressed over imds forecast of delayed monsoon and deficient rainfall in maharashtra.
;;0.4019;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis friday said three years of prime minister narendra modi government at the centre had given a boost to the development of maharashtra.
;;0.0;;after the high courts decision was pronounced on friday, chief minister devendrafadnavis took to twitter to express his views.
;;-0.5994;;(file)the real tribute to late gopinath munde will be to take ahead his work and bring development to the last man and the last mile, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on sunday, addressing a public gathering organised at parli in beed to observe the fourth death anniversary of former union minister gopinath munde.
;;0.0;;the foundation will have a government council with chief minister devendrafadnavis as chairman and his principal secretary pravin sinh pardeshi as mentor.
;;0.2732;;there were several other checks and balances as well, all of which were removed in the new draft, which was drawn up within months of the devendrafadnavis government taking over at the end of october 2014.
;;-0.4215;;when contacted, chief minister devendrafadnavis denied knowledge of the original draft, saying he had no information.
;;0.8126;;(source: getty images)the maharashtra government will develop artificial intelligence (ai) clusters with foreign partnership, said chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday after he met the vice premier of quebec, dominique anglade, to promote ai whose applications, which the cm said, would help in sustainable farming and agriculture in maharashtra.
;;0.2023;;another significant shift is the concept of inclusive politics and development pushed by chief minister devendrafadnavis in the state on the lines of the centres policy.
;;0.0772;;he lamented that chief minister devendrafadnavis and mungantiwar justified the tweets.
;;0.6705;;rss ideologue m g vaidya rss ideologue m g vaidyain a jibe at rss ideologue m g vaidya over his remarks on dividing maharashtra into four smaller states, the shiv sena on monday said chief minister devendrafadnavis should consider him for the states top honour maharashtra bhushan.
;;0.743;;almost all member states are opposed to the niti aayogs proposal to completely remove agriculture commodities from the essential commodities act, however, many are in favour of relaxation in stock restrictions for agriculture goods, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday.
;;0.1072;;chief minister devendrafadnavis may frequently take to twitter to thank donors to the chief ministers relief fund, but officers handling the fund seem to have little or no clue about the donors themselves.
;;0.3818;;highly placed sources in the government revealed: chief minister devendrafadnavis plans to use the development for industrial and agriculture growth in the backward regions.
;;0.0;;on may 2 this year, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also heads the urban development department, had applied this concept for all other municipalities with the exception of mumbai through a revision in the governments policy pertaining to transferable development rights (tdr) or development rights certificate.
;;0.4019;;on sunday, opposition parties had boycotted the customary tea party hosted by chief minister devendrafadnavis on the eve of the interim budget session.
;;0.7717;;prime minister narendra modis smart city initiative has courted a fresh row in maharashtra with chief minister devendrafadnavis nominating senior government secretaries to head various city-level special purpose vehicles (spvs).
;;0.0;;(source: express photo)dr babasaheb ambedkar will soon come to be associated with digital currency on account of the bhim mobile application, not unlike the manner in which mahatma gandhi is now associated with paper currency, said maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday.
;;-0.5106;;chief minister devendrafadnavis is likely to intervene to placate the angry voices.
;;0.5106;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday expressed confidence that the bjp will come back to power in the state with an unprecedented mandate after the upcoming assembly polls.
;;0.0;;(file)yuva sena chief aaditya thackeray on saturday asked maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to keep a portion of the land in suburban bandra for playgrounds which the state government reportedly plans to sell to fund the mumbai-nagpur expressway.
;;0.2023;;the supreme court on tuesday reserved its order on a plea challenging the election of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , on the ground that he had not disclosed details of two criminal cases against him while filing his nomination in 2014, even as it sought to know why the allegations should not be proved in trial.
;;0.0;;(express photo by deepak joshi) devendrafadnavis at the bhoomi pujan of the infrastructure projects on monday.
;;0.0;;50 lakh crore infrastructure projects in mumbai and thane and prioritize the sons of the soil in these projects, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on monday.
;;0.6705;;advertisingofficial documents obtained by the indian express under the right to information act show that on july 15, chief minister devendrafadnavis approved in principle the revenue departments proposal to treat a foreshore portion on the seaward side of the high tide line (htl) in the nepean sea road area as revenue land.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis indicated that an alliance with the sena for the bmc polls will be on their conditions.
;;-0.8658;;watch video: whats making newschief minister devendrafadnavis said the government would press for death penalty against the guilty.
;;0.4939;;a day after sharad pawar accused the bharatiya janata party (bjp) of misusing investigation agencies to coerce opposition leaders to jump ship, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday said the ncp chief should be the one to introspect why leaders were deserting his party.
;;-0.5423;;express phototaxi and autorickshaw unions have again threatened a strike, this time from november 10, if chief minister devendrafadnavis does not regulate services of app-based cabs or meet the union members to discuss their demands.
;;0.5994;;the former minister also took pot shots at chief minister devendrafadnavis , saying he (khadse) was responsible for the bjp heading the saffron alliance in the state now by taking the bold step of snapping ties with sena before the last assembly polls.
;;-0.2263;;officials said a delegation of protesters would meet chief minister devendrafadnavis , along with local elected representatives, on friday.
;;-0.5106;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has assured that such instances need to be immediately curbed and the guilty punished.
;;-0.5106;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has assured that such instances need to be immediately curbed and the guilty punished.
;;-0.6597;;addressing 18 complaints across the state during lokshahi din, chief minister devendrafadnavis gave an audience to complaints from ordinary citizens across the state.
;;0.5267;;after delivering a landslide victory for the bjp in the lok sabha polls in the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis has now turned his focus on winning a second term in office.
;;0.0;;the duo joined bjp in presence of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis and state bjp unit chief raosaheb danve at the cms official residence varsha in south mumbai late last night.
;;0.7269;;the senas remarks on judiciary came a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis assured the dahi handi coordination committee members that maharashtras advocate general will represent the state in the supreme court at the next hearing.
;;0.0;;three days after chief minister devendrafadnavis kicked off his pre-election statewide mahajanadesh yatra, the congress has firmed up a plan to counter the move.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who conceptualised the detailed plan indicated that the real objective of the nagpur-mumbai supercommunication expressway is not about hi-speed travel.
;;0.0;;he met chief minister devendrafadnavis and discussed his candidature from akole in ahmednagar district, from where he was elected on an ncp ticket, bjp sources said.
;;0.5267;;rajesh stephendescribing prime minister narendra modi and ncp sharad pawar as two sides of the same coin, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray said his government would extend permanent support to the devendrafadnavis government if he waives farmers loan.
;;0.7096;;prime minister narendra modi went to uttar pradesh and declared that farmers in that state will get loan waiver if bjp wonbut he did not show the same sympathy for the dying farmers of maharashtraif chief minister devendrafadnavis announces loan waiver to farmers, the shiv sena will extend permanent support to his government, he said.
;;-0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is on a tour of the us and canada, said in a statement, bhaiyyuji maharaj contributed immensely to social welfare work in the field of water conservation, education, land reforms and mass marriages for the poor.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis will select the next guardian minister of pune, he said.
;;0.0;;we are planning to present a memorandum to chief minister devendrafadnavis since he is also the state home minister, to whom the police reports.
;;-0.296;;despite the shiv senas fierce opposition to a metro car shed inside aarey milk colony, chief minister devendrafadnavis is in no mood to give in.
;;-0.8176;;mahad bridge collapse: maharashtra chief minister mahad bridge collapse: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis visits mahad bridge that collapsed on wednesday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis accompanied by pwd minister chnadrakant patil and opposition leader radhakrishna vikhe patil of congress, conducted an aerial survey of the area on the same day.
;;0.0;;officials say they began work as soon as revenue minister eknath khadse, deputed to sangli by chief minister devendrafadnavis , made the announcement on april 5.
;;-0.2263;;the bjps bickering ally also rapped the state home department, headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis , over the security lapses and failing to appoint a police commissioner for the city, which is considered a highly sensitive area.
;;0.8979;;(express photo by dilip kagda)despite objections from the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), the state governments urban development (ud) department, led by chief minister devendrafadnavis , has ruled in favour of granting additional construction rights to a super luxury residential project of the lodha group, promoted by bjp mla mangal prabhat lodha.
;;0.25;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)days after the wife and sons of late bjp mp from palghar, chintaman wanga, joined the shiv sena, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said the ruling party was seriously considering to field one of wangas family members for the may 28 palghar lok sabha bypoll.
;;0.0;;we had sought an appointment with chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp state president raosaheb danve but they didnt give us time.
;;0.6124;;b'union minister m venkaiah naidu along with chief minister of maharashtra, devendrafadnavis paying tributes to freedom fighters on the anniversary quit india movement.
;;0.6124;;(source: pti) union minister m venkaiah naidu along with chief minister of maharashtra, devendrafadnavis paying tributes to freedom fighters on the anniversary quit india movement.
;;0.3612;;chief minister devendrafadnavis took the first initiative to reach out to shiv sena president uddhav thackeray to reassure him of the saffron alliance in the assembly polls.
;;0.7717;;(file)despite strong objections raised by the shiv sena-led mumbai municipality and the states urban development (ud) department, chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday approved a proposal to make the state-run maharashtra housing area development authority (mhada) the planning authority for the 114 layouts it owns in the countrys commercial capital.
;;0.25;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis also tweeted that he misses the guidance provided by rss supremo.
;;0.25;;(source: file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis also tweeted that he misses the guidance provided by rss supremo.
;;0.3788;;(source: file photo)amidst a spar between the ruling alliance partners in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday greeted uddhav thackeray on shiv senas 50th anniversary, even as he greatly missed party founder late balasaheb thackerays guidance.
;;0.3182;;in a letter sent to chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday, state congress chief ashok chavan said the government should waive off the other taxes and duties, as it will help ease the burden for citizens.
;;0.2732;;chief minister devendrafadnavis monday sprung a surprise when he announced the name of vikas mahatme, a leading ophthalmologist from his hometown nagpur, as a candidate for the rajya sabha elections due next month.
;;-0.128;;immediately after devendrafadnavis took over as the cm, mahatme had organised a dhangar rally in nagpur to press for the demand.
;;0.25;;making an exception for the pet project of chief minister devendrafadnavis , the nagpur-mumbai samruddhi corridor expressway, the maharashtra cabinet on tuesday sanctioned a proposal to give a rs 4,000-crore government guarantee to the project.
;;-0.5719;;a day after the bombay high court directed that fir be registered into the maharashtra state cooperative bank (mscb) scam, chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said the case will be registered within five days.
;;0.4215;;chief minister devendrafadnavis holds the responsibility of state home ministry but is seen welcoming leaders with criminal background in his party.
;;-0.296;;the policy decisions related to the revenue ministry were taken by chief minister devendrafadnavis in the first cabinet meeting after the resignation of eknath khadse.
;;-0.4939;;recently, chief minister devendrafadnavis had told the state assembly that at least 86 hectare of land and 82 lakh farmers in 151 talukas and 20 revenue circles were affected by drought this year, which means at least 60 per cent of farmers have been hit by drought.
;;-0.5423;;alleging that chief minister devendrafadnavis was favouring builders, the sabha said, the cm had announced that accidents at construction sites will be registered only as accidents and no cases will be filed against builders.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday chaired a meeting to review implementation of the new port policy.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis during a rehabilitation programme on sunday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis during a rehabilitation programme on sunday.
;;0.0;;two years and eight months after the landslide, a village completely rehabilitated with houses, schools and community spaces was inaugurated on sunday in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis , other elected representatives, administration and locals.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis will set out on a month-long vikas rath yatra across the state in august as part of bjps bid to retain power in the upcoming assembly polls.
;;-0.1531;;during the devendrafadnavis governments tenure, professional tax collection has been falling each year, he said on friday.
;;0.6808;;he said chief minister devendrafadnavis is selling false dreams by organising events like `make in maharashtra, `magnetic maharashtra and exaggerating investment and job creation figures from such programmes.
;;0.0258;;the government had announced the latest waiver following a farmers agitation on monday highly placed sources in the government told the indian express, the government is committed to give the loan waiver announced by chief minister devendrafadnavis to eligible farmers and tribals across maharashtra.
;;-0.0772;;while earlier, reports suggested that both chief minister devendrafadnavis and uddhav thackeray were in favour of an alliance, that the two did not have a second chat on the subject was indication that the discussions would collapse, say leaders.
;;0.2023;;(representational image)shiv sena ministers on tuesday called on chief minister devendrafadnavis at his official residence at mumbai and demanded a special session of the maharashtra legislature to discuss the issues plaguing the farmers.
;;0.0772;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had yesterday declared rural areas of the state open defecation-free (odf) and claimed the state has constructed the highest number of toilets in the country.
;;0.3818;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file)chief minister devendrafadnavis in the second episode of mi mukhyamantri boltoy (i am chief minister speaking) disclosed the proposal of a five-river revival project to ensure perennial flow of water in the konkan region.
;;0.1779;;on the other hand, bjp which notched up 82 seats in the mumbai civic polls after fighting separately under the leadership of chief minister devendrafadnavis , has said it wont compromise on the issue of transparency in bmc administration, which was the partys poll plank.
;;0.3818;;pti photomaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has agreed to extend the last date of filing objections against the draft regional plan after over 5,000 residents from different mumbai metropolitan regions protested at the mumbai metropolitan regional development authority (mmrda) office on friday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis named guardian ministers for all the 36 districts in the state.
;;-0.7964;;the man was detained in maharashtras ralegan siddhi (ani/twitter) the man was detained in maharashtras ralegan siddhi (ani/twitter)a man was detained on saturday by police at ralegan siddhi during maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis visit to the village.
;;0.0;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis with the farmers delegation in mumbai tuesday.
;;0.0;;express chief minister devendrafadnavis with the farmers delegation in mumbai tuesday.
;;-0.128;;expressthe farmers in maharashtra have called off their june 1 strike after meeting chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai on tuesday.
;;0.5903;;during the enactment of the act, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said a progressive state like maharashtra could not allow social evils in the garb of caste panchayat diktats or rituals.
;;0.0;;former deputy chief minister ajit pawar targeted chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is on a statewide tour, saying it wasnt right for the cm to hold a political tour when parts of the state were submerged.
;;0.3182;;please take my body to village and do not cremate me till chief minister devendrafadnavis comes here.
;;0.1779;;watch what else is in the newshe further alleged chief minister devendrafadnavis had also pressurised civic officials to give a certain plot of bit chawl in south mumbai to a particular developer.
;;0.0;;the community members had requested chief minister devendrafadnavis for the course during his visit to the tel aviv university in 2015.
;;-0.296;;bjp spokesperson shaina nc said that she would take the doctors treating eman and the nursing staff to meet chief minister devendrafadnavis to lodge a complaint over what she termed were unsubstantiated claims.
;;-0.4588;;the ruling bjp on friday planned an agitation to counter the protest by the congress at phetri, a village adopted by chief minister devendrafadnavis , around 15 km from here.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe meeting, chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis , also pushed for more agricultural reforms with emphasise on irrigation, especially targetted towards the small and marginal farmers in backward, drought-prone and naxal belts of the state.
;;0.4019;;while still in opposition, chief minister devendrafadnavis was a vocal opponent of the previous congress-nationalist congress party governments move of omitting details regarding the utilisation of actual irrigation potential from the economic survey report (esr).
;;0.4767;;for instance, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis has referred the marathass demand for reservation to the supreme court.
;;0.0;;world bank chief executive officer devendrafadnavis will attend chinas second belt and road forum on april 26-27, not malpass.
;;-0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has demanded transparent administration as the agenda for alliance and virtually admitted that there was no transparency in the civic body for the last two decades.
;;-0.8834;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday has announced a high-level inquiry into the wall collapse tragedy at malads pimpripada, which has so far claimed 21 lives including seven children and injured another 75.
;;-0.4019;;he also questioned chief minister devendrafadnavis about the lack of government jobs and fewer vacant seats this year.
;;0.0772;;(file)chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday said that all redevelopment projects must come under the ambit of maharashtra real estate regulatory authority (maharera), which completed one year on tuesday.
;;0.5859;;chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday inaugurated the administrative building of force one, maharashtras specialised security force formed on the lines of the national security guard (nsg).
;;0.0;;watch video | shiv sena breaks 25-year alliance with bjp in maharashtra, to go solo in bmc electionsin first remarks, chief minister devendrafadnavis said the bjp would usher in change in the state on its own.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and the bmc tweeted requests to citizens to stay indoors considering the situation outside and the forecast for more rains through the day.
;;0.6705;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has called a special meeting of his cabinet on friday when this ordinance is expected to be approved, said sources.
;;0.5267;;the aap spokesperson asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to sack khotkar and said she will file a case against him with anti-corruption bureau and also write to the chief justice of india.
;;0.1027;;defence minister rajnath singh, who was returning from amravati after attending a rally organised as part of chief minister devendrafadnavis `maha janadesh yatra met gadkari at the airport.
;;-0.2023;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)the shiv sena on saturday asked maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to apologise to farmers in the state, claiming he had deceived them with fake promises of loan waiver during the 2014 assembly polls.
;;0.7845;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has urged the party workers to campaign for transparent politics and initiate a cashless transaction drive across the state with an aim to bring about greater electoral reforms and make it compulsory for cheque payments for party funds.
;;-0.6808;;pti photomaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday asserted that there is no threat to his government and it will complete its full term, a comment which came on a day when shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray said that its ties with bjp in the state are on a notice period.
;;0.0;;pti photomaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said transparent administration in brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) will be the base for alliance with shiv sena for the next months civic election.
;;0.3167;;members of shetkari sanghatana met chief minister devendrafadnavis and demanded access to technology in a memorandum, highlighting the high cost of labour which makes the adoption of the unauthorised htbt hybrid more profitable for the farmer.
;;0.3612;;the union minister has directed officials to grant working permissions for public infrastructure and utility projects, chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted later in the day.
;;0.0;;the state government has put together a task force to tackle malnutrition in palghar, eight months after chief minister devendrafadnavis asked several departments to present a combined report on the methods to control malnutrition in the district.
;;0.6808;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis held a meeting to review all safety measures planned for the mumbai-pune expressway and to come up with ways to boost safety on the road, following a major mishap that claimed 17 lives and left 43 injured.
;;0.6808;;express photo/narendra vaskar chief minister devendrafadnavis held a meeting to review all safety measures planned for the mumbai-pune expressway and to come up with ways to boost safety on the road, following a major mishap that claimed 17 lives and left 43 injured.
;;0.6808;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday held a meeting to review all safety measures planned for the mumbai-pune expressway and to come up with ways to boost safety on the road, following a major mishap on sunday that claimed 17 lives and left 43 injured.
;;0.0;;on january 9, two days before the code of conduct was announced ahead of elections across the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis , in a series of tweets, announced the mumbai wifi project.
;;0.7184;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has taken up in earnest, the smart cities project for all ten cities listed.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday held meetings with the three groups in dubai.
;;-0.3818;;one senior sena leader said sainiks were also angry with chief minister devendrafadnavis for his remark that he might conduct an inquiry into the assets of uddhav thackerays family.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis is likely to attend the flag hoisting ceremony on may 1, the foundation day of maharashtra state, the officer, who recently visited kolhapur to see the preparation work, said.
;;0.5267;;district guardian minister girish bapat district guardian minister girish bapattwo months after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced the construction of a separate police commissionerate for pimpri-chinchwad, the search for an ideal location seems to be over.
;;0.0;;advertisingin his written reply to a calling attention motion, chief minister devendrafadnavis , also the home minister, informed members that the 46 deaths had taken place between 2012 and 2017.
;;0.0772;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/files) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/files)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday declared rural areas of the state open defecation-free and claimed the state has constructed the highest number of toilets in the country.
;;0.7964;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday said that a no-objection letter from the state environment department was obtained before granting an in-principle approval for surveying and giving a cadastral survey number to the foreshore portion on nepeansea road.
;;-0.4588;;according to a bjp poll-manager, in the past two years, the sena has consistently attacked both prime minister narendra modi and chief minister devendrafadnavis through saamana.
;;0.2263;;during the pmrda meeting on monday, which was chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis , authorities had tabled the proposal to allow them to implement town planning scheme for ambegaon khurd, yeolewadi, uruli devachi and phursungi, citing the proposed ringroad passing through these areas is to be developed by the pmrda.
;;0.4215;;prabhu was in the city yesterday and held a meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis where they reviewed the progress of rail projects in the state.
;;0.5994;;if this time, they dont contest jointly, it will benefit us more ncp, which was elected to power in 2012 elections with an absolute majority in pimpri-chinchwad, has been rather edgy with the saffron parties, especially the bjp-led by chief minister devendrafadnavis , being all charged up to capture power from ajit pawar-led civic body.
;;-0.296;;nitin gadkari (@nitin_gadkari) june 12, 2018maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis hailed the spiritual guru for his contribution to upliftment of the deprived sections in the state, saying farmers and tribals were at the centre of bhaiyyu maharajs activities.
;;0.3818;;the conclave will see chief minister devendrafadnavis spelling out clear guidelines and strategies for the coming elections, a bjp source said.
;;-0.25;;the congress and ncp leaders on saturday voiced their protest against chief minister devendrafadnavis for not attending the tea-party hosted on eve of the winter session beginning in nagpur from monday.
;;0.3182;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis is looking to increase the thrust of communication and advertising to ramp up showcasing of his governments initiatives months before it turns three.
;;-0.4767;;a day after the bjps kirit somaiya claimed his party would bring out a black paper on scams in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation, the shiv sena saturday struck back, targeting chief minister devendrafadnavis and alleging corruption in the bjp-led state government.
;;0.8126;;but maharashtra chief minister in waiting devendrafadnavis needed a special push, what with nitin gadkaris supporters having sparked the imagination of the media.
;;0.1779;;apart from considering temporary solutions such as using quarries in panvel, nashik and pune, the bmc is also planning to approach chief minister devendrafadnavis against the shutting down of the kalyan units.
;;0.875;;the party is the final authority to take a call and today we have decided that to win an election, under the leadership of chief minister devendrafadnavis , we should come up with a good number (of seats).
;;0.7096;;in a series of tweets, he praised bjp workers, particularly maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and state party president raosaheb danve patil, for tirelessly working for the people.
;;0.5719;;bjp president amit shah lauded chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp state president raosaheb danve for the partys unprecedented success in the bmc and other civic bodies elections.
;;0.0;;on february 24, chief minister devendrafadnavis had met railways minister piyush goyal for the land transfer, when it was given a go ahead.
;;0.0;;while chief minister devendrafadnavis has sanctioned a revised plan for dharavi redevelopment in november last year, sources said that formalities for the appointment of the developer were yet to be completed.
;;0.7269;;b'file photo: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: express archive/file) file photo: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: express archive/file)the bjp-led maharashtra governments ambitious scheme of installing five lakh solar agricultural pumps across the state, a pet initiative of chief minister devendrafadnavis , has got off to a slow start with few farmers showing interest in the scheme.
;;-0.5719;;later, it was revealed that jhote had earlier written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis on april 3, where he had claimed that a scam had taken place in the 1989s recruitment drive for candidates belonging to backward classes.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and other senior ministers paid their condolences.
;;0.0;;fundkar was inducted into the devendrafadnavis government in july 2016.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is leading the bjp campaign for the polls, has made transparency the main plank.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis at the inauguration in mumbai on friday.
;;0.0;;express chief minister devendrafadnavis at the inauguration in mumbai on friday.
;;-0.2263;;expresstwo modernised toilet blocks were inaugurated at the mumbai police commissionerate by chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis will accompany shah to matoshree.
;;0.4588;;jsmaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted lines from the hanuman chaalisa, which is a hymn dedicated to the diety.
;;0.6486;;to a query if he would mediate between the two parties ahead of the lok sabha and maharashtra polls next year, gadkari said he was too busy with his ministerial work in delhi and that chief minister devendrafadnavis and state bjp chief raosaheb danve were capable of handling the situation.
;;0.0258;;following this, she approached chief minister devendrafadnavis , who asked for a probe in the matter.
;;0.2406;;leaving nothing to chance, the party brought out its big guns, including chief minister devendrafadnavis and union transport minister nitin gadkari and national spokesperson shahanawaz hussain to the campaign for the polls.
;;0.6705;;pti photochief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday said the vertical growth of mumbai was inevitable to accommodate the challenges of growth and land constraints in the island city.
;;0.6808;;to begin with, chief minister devendrafadnavis held a meeting with union civil aviation minister ashok gajapati some days ago to seek support for at least 20 cities and towns for better air connectivity by 2017.
;;-0.836;;top bjp leaders, including chief minister devendrafadnavis , expressed grief and shock over the ministers death.
;;-0.2263;;slamming the state for its decision to deposit compensation for the flood-affected people in their bank accounts, the congress on saturday wrote to chief minister devendrafadnavis , demanding that the people be given cash.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis with microsoft india chief anant maheshwari during an event organised by microsoft in mumbai wednesday.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by nirmal harindran) chief minister devendrafadnavis with microsoft india chief anant maheshwari during an event organised by microsoft in mumbai wednesday.
;;0.3182;;(source: express photo by nirmal harindran)chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday, at a meeting with microsoft ceo satya nadella, said the maharashtra government would scale up the digital partnership between the state and microsoft in tribal and backward districts to further strengthen communication and connectivity.
;;0.0;;claiming that the congress and ncp will not be able to get even 10 per cent of seats in the upcoming assembly elections, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said prakash ambedkar-led vanchit bahujan aghadi (vba) will stake claim for the post of leader of opposition in state legislative assembly after the polls.
;;-0.296;;in a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , the maharashtra state cooperative sugar factories federation has urged the cm to intervene and stop the ongoing action against sugar mills by the state sugar commissioner.
;;0.5994;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted, heartiest congratulations to sharad pawar for padma vibhushan.
;;0.6369;;it is believed that chief minister devendrafadnavis government has plan b and plan c ready in case sena pulls out support post bmc polls.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday ordered a slew of directives including handing over the rights of reconstructing and repairing bridges in mumbai to bmc commissioner.
;;0.6036;;chief minister devendrafadnavis message to his new ministers is loud and clear  dont waste time attending felicitation functions and celebrations.
;;-0.5859;;advertisingdrought or draughtthe devendrafadnavis government was left embarrassed last week when it was noticed that the english version of the economic survey report 2018-19 had some odd translations.
;;-0.2023;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra cm devendra fadnavischief minister devendrafadnavis friday said the bombay high courts order upholding the ban on slaughter of beef in the state vindicated the governments decision as constitutional.
;;0.25;;opposition members today created ruckus in the maharashtra legislative council over chief minister devendrafadnavis statements over the farm loan waiver issue.
;;0.4404;;chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis chief minister of maharastra devendra fadnavischief minister devendrafadnavis sunday said the jalyukta shivar projects had helped bring 12,500 hectares of land under protected irrigation with an expenditure of rs 5,500 crore.
;;0.5719;;chief minister devendrafadnavis wished mumbaikars happy browsing.
;;0.0;;a government resolution (gr) to this effect was issued on friday after the decision was taken by a cabinet sub committee headed by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on august 2.
;;0.0;;late into the night, city bjp mp anil shirole said chief minister devendrafadnavis has sought a report on the incident.
;;0.0;;sharmila yevale, an interpreter, said a delegation had met chief minister devendrafadnavis a few months ago.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis was also present at the meeting, held in the national capital.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday said the state government has sought help from japan to formulate a long-term plan to tackle floods, which will be financed by the world bank and asian development bank.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and director general of indian council of agricultural research trilochan mohapatra were also present on the occasion.
;;0.3612;;bjp general secretary sarang kamtekar said chief minister devendrafadnavis , who was in town on thursday, has already promised to launch an investigation into ncp activities.
;;0.6908;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also handles the home portfolio, has said efforts have been made to bring people from different communities together and restore peace.
;;0.5859;;even before the dust settles on bjps landslide lok sabha election win, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis office has already switched into mission mode for the upcoming assembly polls.
;;0.3818;;at the end of a two-hour meeting, both sides decided that chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray should resolve the agenda of transparency categorically to facilitate further discussions related to seat-sharing formula and related aspects.
;;0.0;;b'district guardian minister girish bapat district guardian minister girish bapatdistrict guardian minister girish bapat and mp amar sable have scotched speculations that chief minister devendrafadnavis will change the names of two nominations related to co-opted corporators.
;;-0.0258;;from walking out of a meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis to asking shetti to sit back and allow others to speak at a rally in nashik, nawale has emerged as the driving force and the poster boy of the second phase of the farmers agitation in maharashtra.
;;0.6124;;a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that the bjp would not contest the mayoral polls for the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), it has emerged that back-channel negotiations between leaders of both parties took place over three days before the logjam was resolved following the hung verdict.
;;-0.128;;(file photo)alleging that the previous loan waiver scheme was plagued by frauds, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today asked the officials to ensure that the new scheme benefits only the needy farmers.
;;-0.128;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the demand for incorporating the word -maharaj  was long pending.
;;0.5523;;(express)shiv sena president uddhav thackeray on wednesday lashed out at the maharashtra government led by chief minister devendrafadnavis , saying it was good for nothing, and demanded a separate home minister for the state.
;;-0.4019;;a chopper flying with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis crash landed in nilanga in latur, maharashtra on monday.
;;0.0;;it was shifted to nagpur at the instance of chief minister devendrafadnavis following imposition of the model code of conduct for the delhi municipal elections.
;;0.0;;(express photo by nirmal harindran) (express photo by nirmal harindran)in order to inspect the operations of the world bank-supported suburban rail system in mumbai, ceo devendrafadnavis took a local train from churchgate on tuesday.
;;0.1027;;(express photo by nirmal harindran) (express photo by nirmal harindran)(express photo by nirmal harindran) (express photo by nirmal harindran)georgieva, who reached mumbai on monday night, is also scheduled to meet with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and rbi governor urjit patel.
;;0.6428;;it remains a crucial issue for the election, i have raised it in election rallies as this election decides environment wins or ego of govt  aaditya thackeray (@authackeray) february 19, 2017in a press conference yesterday, aaps national executive member, preeti sharma menon said that in 2014, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had made promises to save the forest cover of the aarey milk colony, but has not kept the same.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis is likely to attend the inauguration.
;;0.0;;b'pcmc and pmrda officials discussed the issue with chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai recently.
;;0.0;;(file) pcmc and pmrda officials discussed the issue with chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai recently.
;;0.0;;pcmc and pmrda officials discussed the issue with chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai recently.
;;-0.0772;;the shiv sena says its unhappy with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and is ready for mid-term polls.
;;-0.0772;;(file photo) the shiv sena says its unhappy with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and is ready for mid-term polls.
;;0.6369;;in a letter penned by best chairman ashish chemburkar to chief minister devendrafadnavis , the undertaking has asked the government to subsidise the fuel cost for the undertaking.
;;-0.2263;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavischief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said the opposition had adopted a negative role during the monsoon session hoping to get instant publicity.
;;0.0;;bjp mla devendrafadnavis questioned why no action had been taken against the housing society when there is a clear provision to do so.
;;0.0;;four months before assembly polls in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday announced a third change to his cabinet, inducting as ministers former congress leader radhakrishna vikhe patil and mumbai bjp chief ashish shelar among eight others.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis convened a meeting with mumbais elected members tuesday to discuss the redevelopment of chawls.
;;-0.1027;;(source: ap photo/manish swarup, file)in the backdrop of drought in the last three years and lack of adequate rains resulting in insufficient soil moisture, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today asked farmers to refrain from sowing kharif crops for the next few days.
;;0.6249;;promising to revive the ailing cooperative sector, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said that sugarcane farmers were given the highest remuneration this year.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis made an announcement to this effect after a cabinet meeting in mumbai on tuesday.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday asked opposition parties to introspect, instead of taking to the streets against the use of electronic voting machines (evm) in elections.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis slammed shiv sena tuesday saying uddhav thackeray had realised the sand under his feet was slipping in mumbai.
;;0.0;;deal with devendrafadnavis first.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendra modi, his cabinet colleagues, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis and governor vidyasagar rao in nagpur on ambedkar jayanti friday.
;;-0.6908;;chief minister devendrafadnavis broke his silence on the issue thursday, condemning the attacks on doctors.
;;-0.4767;;advertisingit also asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to seek resignation of the insensitive minister.
;;0.3818;;gorhe said they have spoken to chief minister devendrafadnavis , who has promised to look into the matter.
;;-0.128;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis meets doctors representatives again over doctor strike issue.
;;-0.128;;(source: ani photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis meets doctors representatives again over doctor strike issue.
;;-0.3612;;(source: ani photo)describing the attitude of striking doctors as adamant and insensitive, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday warned of legal action and gave them an ultimatum to resume duties after his meet with their representatives later this afternoon.
;;0.0;;mahajan said despite the high court directive and appeal by chief minister devendrafadnavis , the doctors have not yielded.
;;0.5267;;union textiles minister smriti irani handed over the land transfer documents to chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister of state for social justice ramdas athawale at the vidhan bhavan here saturday.
;;-0.25;;(file photo)youth congress workers on saturday held demonstrations at osmanabad during chief minister devendrafadnavis tour to protest against state bjp chief raosaheb danves remarks aimed at farmers.
;;-0.7003;;two days after the navi mumbai municipal corporation passed a no-confidence motion against commissioner tukaram mundhe, the issue continued to simmer thursday with mayor sudhakar sonawane threatening to resign if chief minister devendrafadnavis did not decide on the motion soon.
;;0.0;;ahead of civic polls, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today announced extension of metro to the neighbouring mira bhayandar area.
;;0.7096;;(representational image)the action council against tobacco (act) has urged chief minister devendrafadnavis to issue a circular in the interest of public health, directing all health inspectors, directors of panchayat and urban affairs, and secretaries of local bodies, to strictly monitor and ensure that shops selling tobacco products have the mandatory licence.
;;0.1255;;we have urged chief minister devendrafadnavis to ensure that these guidelines are followed and these shops that exclusively sell tobacco products should not sell goods like toffees, candies, cakes and chips, said dr pankaj chaturvedi, head and neck surgeon at tata memorial hospital and secretary of act.
;;0.5574;;however, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who met shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray recently, is reported to have said that the talks were positive.
;;0.6597;;the simmering discontent within the shiv sena against the bjp seems to have been pacified for the time being with chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday promising equitable support to sena mlas on development funds.
;;0.7003;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said instructions had been issued to the prisons department to ensure proper medical care is extended to bhujbal.
;;0.1027;;chief minister devendrafadnavis mahajanadesh yatra on friday reached nanded in marathwada, the home turf of congress leader and former cm ashok chavan.
;;0.4215;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)on april 25, when maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis approved mumbais new development plan (dp), his government had thumped its back for clearing the mammoth plan within eight months of submission.
;;0.4767;;the approval to dispose of these flats has come from chief minister devendrafadnavis after the bjps local unit claimed that it pursued the issue with the state government for two years.
;;-0.5719;;amid indications that chief minister devendrafadnavis is set to accommodate former leader of opposition in the assembly, radhakrisna vikhe-patil, and former ncp minister jaidutt kshirsagar in his cabinet, both the congress and the ncp are taking measures to avoid further defections, confirmed sources.
;;-0.3182;;(file)a couple, facing social boycott in their village in coastal konkan, today performed puja of the ganesh idol installed at chief minister devendrafadnavis official residence varsha in south mumbai.
;;-0.9292;;but as the war of words intensified between chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray in the final leg of campaigning, the congress attacked the saffron alliance more aggressively on local issues.
;;0.4019;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , bjp state unit chief raosaheb danve and other party leaders were also present at the meet held at tatas residence in south mumbai.
;;-0.6249;;in a related development, a delegation of uddhavs ministers accompanied chief minister devendrafadnavis to delhi to meet union finance minster arun jaitley and union agriculture minister radha mohan singh to apprise them about the farm sector crisis.
;;0.0;;bombay high court bombay high courtthe bombay high court today asked maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to personally look into the high-handed and arbitrary manner in which mumbai city collector ashwini joshi was conducting herself.
;;-0.0516;;in may 2016, patidars family had approached chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai, seeking permission for grant of sanction to prosecute ghule and more.
;;0.0;;in june last year, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had met members of the dubai royal family while on a visit there and had discussed the subject of redevelopment of dharavi.
;;-0.4588;;(file photo)even as chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday assured the state legislature that the government was exploring ways to waive farm loans, farmer suicide toll in marathwada crossed the 200-mark this year.
;;0.6808;;huddled with a group of 80 muslim women at chief minister devendrafadnavis mahajanadesh yatra at chandrapur on august 5, ameena sheikh did not shout slogans in favour of the ruling party.
;;0.1027;;two years ago, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had set 2019 as the year to make maharashtra tanker-free, vouching for the water conservation and drought-proofing works carried out under the governments flagship jalyukt shivar initiative.
;;0.0;;a day after the state government announced that novolipetsk steel, or nlmk, one of the largest steel companies in russia, is likely to make an investment of rs 800 crore in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the project will come up at auric city in aurangabads delhi mumbai industrial corridor.
;;-0.4215;;he criticised chief minister devendrafadnavis for not acting against tainted ministers.
;;0.34;;still, chief minister devendrafadnavis gives them a clean chit and also inducts various anti-social elements in the partywhen exposed the bjp leaders speak untruth, sawant stated.
;;0.0;;advertisingon thursday, telangana chief minister k chandrashekar rao invited maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis as the chief guest for the inauguration.
;;0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday said more textile hubs will have to be set up across the state and vidarbha made its epicentre to ensure 100 per cent procurement and processing of cotton.
;;0.3182;;a probe, which began following a routine inquiry by maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis on how four retail liquor shops sprung up in his assembly constituency, has now revealed that between 2010 and 2016, several private dealers were issued fresh retail liquor permits in the guise of renewal of existing licences.
;;-0.5994;;the decision to form the secretary-level committee, the fourth panel formed since the ban was imposed on march 23, was taken at a meeting chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday.
;;0.1531;;the bombay high court on friday dismissed a petition challenging the appointment of radhakrishna vikhe-patil, jaydutt kshirsagar and avinash mahatekar as ministers in the devendrafadnavis government.
;;0.3818;;advertisingon the eve of the monsoon session of the assembly, chief minister devendrafadnavis had inducted 13 new ministers into his cabinet, including vikhe-patil and kshirsagar, both of whom had resigned as members of the legislative assembly after they switched over from the opposition to join the bjp and shiv sena, respectively.
;;0.128;;after the beef ban was imposed, we had taken up the issue with chief minister devendrafadnavis and had asked for a solution for a middle ground, keeping the legalities in mind, to provide some relief for the beef sellers.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday called for a latur pattern in politics.
;;0.5859;;raigad fort (source: wikimedia) raigad fort (source: wikimedia)the centre has given its in-principle nod to a project worth rs 600 crore proposed by maharashtra government for restoration and beautification of the historic raigad fort, chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday said.
;;0.0;;the core committee led by chief minister devendrafadnavis will drive political strategies and plans for organisational expansion.
;;-0.7351;;b'maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra cm devendra fadnavismaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said the attack on policemen in latur district is an attack on the entire police force and such acts will not be tolerated in the future.
;;0.7003;;the target was set by chief minister devendrafadnavis , who had assured that the state would achieve open defecation free (odf) status by october this year.
;;0.2023;;among them were chief minister devendrafadnavis , ncp leader ajit pawar and several top congress leaders.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, savale said that last week, when chief minister devendrafadnavis was in pimpri-chinchwad for the bjp executive committee meeting, she and other standing committee members met him.
;;0.0;;middle vaitarna dam, a key source of water for the metropolis, was today rechristened after shiv sena founder bal thackeray at a function attended by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena head uddhav thackeray.
;;0.34;;the announcement was made by chief minister devendrafadnavis while replying to a calling attention notice by congress mlc anant gadgil over rising instances of builders giving possession of flats without getting the required oc from urban local bodies.
;;0.3612;;the speculation of early polls in maharashtra resurfaced after chief minister devendrafadnavis statement on wednesday that the bjp is ready to face mid-term elections.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday ordered that the shirdi airports terminal building be expanded to accommodate an enhanced passenger traffic.
;;-0.3612;;(express photo)after being prevented from offering worship in the core shrine area of the shani shingnapur temple in ahmednagar district on sunday, the trupti desai-led bhumata brigade has decided to file a contempt of court case in the bombay high court against chief minister devendrafadnavis and his government.
;;-0.5267;;the bjp on friday said ncp mp supriya sules attack against chief minister devendrafadnavis was to get to the political centre stage and it exposed a power tussle within their organisation.
;;-0.25;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis cancelled a directive issued to the mumbai municipality regarding additional construction rights for ongoing redevelopments of mumbais textile mills.
;;-0.25;;(file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis cancelled a directive issued to the mumbai municipality regarding additional construction rights for ongoing redevelopments of mumbais textile mills.
;;-0.1531;;(file photo)a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis cancelled a directive issued to the mumbai municipality regarding additional construction rights for ongoing redevelopments of mumbais textile mills, questions have been raised over the fate of two proposals cleared under the directive.
;;0.5106;;earlier on november 11, 2016, the devendrafadnavis government had hiked the fsi/tdr for those who surrendered land areas for the reservation free of any encroachments.
;;0.128;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said the government had roped in three private legal firms to assist in drafting rules and laws for the state.
;;0.7506;;bhosale, who was speaking in satara, praised his friend chief minister devendrafadnavis for sanctioning projects proposed by him when he was an opposition mp.
;;0.396;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced the bjp would neither field its nominee in the mayoral poll, nor would it demand chairmanship of standing committee or improvements committee in the civic body, paving the way for sena to install its nominee as the mayor.
;;0.6486;;(representational)to ensure higher remuneration to dairy farmers, chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday urged the centre to announce a minimum support price (msp) for them under the essential commodities act.
;;0.0;;during the meeting, the party also decided to set up a small committee of mlas from both rural and urban areas who, along with ministers, will meet chief minister devendrafadnavis to take up the problems being faced by mlas.
;;0.3182;;later, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that insurance companies would be blacklisted if they are held responsible.
;;-0.3612;;chief minister devendrafadnavis chief minister devendra fadnavisafter the union defence ministry and the railway ministry agreed to provide land to maharashtra for the rehabilitation of slum-dwellers and project affected persons by december 2017, the state has urged them to expedite the process of opening up land that has been lying idle or is encroached, so that it can start building colonies for slum-dwellers after the monsoon this year.
;;0.4404;;earlier this week in a significant decision, union finance minister arun jaitely and union urban development minister venkaiah naidu accepted chief minister devendrafadnavis request of including affordable housing, including slum redevelopment, in the list of social and commercial infrastructure.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)on maharashtra day, chief minister devendrafadnavis provided a platform to the states youth for evolving public policies and participating in governance on issues such as drought-mitigation to combating corruption.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe cabinet meeting was chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis , who said the project would be carried out in two phases and completed in six-eight years.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and uddhav thackerays son aaditya thackeray were also present at the meeting which lasted about two hours.
;;0.34;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said his government will optimise technology to take benefits of medical treatment to the poor and people living in rural areas.
;;0.3612;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had promised rs 6,500 crore to kalyan-dombivli municipal corporation.
;;-0.2263;;activist-turned-politician maruti bhapkar has already sent a petition to chief minister devendrafadnavis , demanding that the standing committees of all civic bodies in maharashtra be thrown open to the public.
;;0.0;;speaking to reporters later on the sidelines of an infrastructure summit organised by marathi daily lokmat, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis also confirmed that there indeed have been some discussions between the governments on such a proposal but was quick to add that maharashtra has asked the company to develop the product first before making test-runs in the state.
;;-0.296;;apart from all the major committees, chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier withdrawn bjps claims from the post of opposition leader too, which subsequently led to the confusion.
;;-0.4588;;contrary to this, chief minister devendrafadnavis is criss-crossing entire state campaigning for elections to 10 municipal corporations and 25 zilla parishads, he said, adding sena seems to have already conceded its defeat in bmc polls.
;;-0.34;;pti photoamid uncertainty over alliance with shiv sena for next months civic polls, including bmc, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the seat-sharing talks are going on in the right direction.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis at metro line 07 to launch the first u grider on the andheri east to dahisar matro corridor at malad .
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis at metro line 07 to launch the first u grider on the andheri east to dahisar matro corridor at malad .
;;0.5106;;marking speedy progress of the construction of metro 7, the first u girder for the line was launched by chief minister devendrafadnavis on the western express highway at malad on wednesday.
;;-0.8658;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said the government would press for death penalty against the guilty.
;;-0.3182;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said, the loss of lives of children due to malnourishment has to be dealt with firmly.
;;0.4019;;cm on price risechief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday advocated bringing petrol and diesel under goods and services tax (gst), which he said would help in reducing their prices.
;;0.7096;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray on wednesday reiterated the solidarity between the bjp and shiv sena stating that the two parties were natural allies, committed to hindutva, who would fight elections together.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken after chief minister devendrafadnavis met union minister for environment and forests anil dave in delhi tuesday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis met vilas shindes family at their bdd chawl residence in worli wednesday evening.
;;0.0;;(file) chief minister devendrafadnavis met vilas shindes family at their bdd chawl residence in worli wednesday evening.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and police commissioner datta padsalgikar met shindes family at their bdd chawl residence in worli wednesday evening.
;;-0.128;;(source: file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis friday toured akola, washim and hingoli to promote the public welfare projects, especially in core sectors such as housing for poor, water conservation works and health camps in villages.
;;-0.431;;it has said that maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis wears a smiling mask on his face all the time, but his real face comes out when he sneers at farmers woes.
;;0.4215;;during campaigning, the bjp was led by none other than the chief minister devendrafadnavis and other popular leaders such as raosaheb danve and pankaja munde.
;;-0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis held a meeting with virgin hyperloop one ceo and board member rob lloyd in nevada, us.
;;-0.5574;;(express) chief minister devendrafadnavis held a meeting with virgin hyperloop one ceo and board member rob lloyd in nevada, us.
;;0.0;;(express)chief minister devendrafadnavis visited the virgin hyperloop one test site to discuss the technology, which is being explored along the mumbai-pune route to bring down travel time from three hours to 25 minutes.
;;0.0;;maharashtra additional chief secretary (agriculture) dr bhagwan sahai was moved out by chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday and a probe was ordered against him.
;;0.0;;maharashtra additional chief secretary (agriculture) dr bhagwan sahai was moved out by chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday and a probe was ordered against him.
;;0.0;;maharashtra additional chief secretary (agriculture) dr bhagwan sahai was moved out by chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday and a probe was ordered against him.
;;0.5859;;cm devendrafadnavis , who had announced the programme in the assembly on march 31, could be a prospective donor when the project is launched in august, aneka paul, senior development officer, health, tata trust, told the indian express.
;;0.0;;the state government introduced the helipad policy after at least four incidents involving the helicopter ferrying chief minister devendrafadnavis were reported in the last few months.
;;0.0;;a day after the state election commission announced dates for elections to municipal corporations in mumbai and nine other cities, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said a pre-poll alliance with the shiv sena will not be driven by a seat-sharing formula but guided by prime minister narendra modis politics of parivartan (transformation).
;;0.6124;;a day after they called off their strike earlier scheduled for tuesday, chief minister devendrafadnavis assured autorickshaw unions that the government would be taking steps in their interest.
;;0.7845;;after the meeting, rao said, we have full faith in chief minister devendrafadnavis , who personally met with the union representatives assurance of setting up a committee will help those in need.
;;0.3818;;addressing the media, nirupam said: chief minister devendrafadnavis has facilitated amendments in the tender process to promote only five contractors for the project.
;;-0.765;;the family of mohsin shaikh  a 28-year-old man in pune who was murdered in june 2014 allegedly by members of the hindu rashtra sena (hrs)  has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis , seeking appointment of ujjwal nikam as a public prosecutor to oppose the bail petition of the main accused dhananjay desai.
;;0.5719;;at a recent agriculture review meeting, chief minister devendrafadnavis had directed nabard officials and district cooperative banks to evolve a mechanism to accommodate larger sections of farmers in the increased credit plan.
;;0.4019;;(express photo)the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on wednesday waded into the controversy over the demolition of ambedkar bhavan with chief minister devendrafadnavis calling the action unlawful.
;;0.7964;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, yes, we have taken the decision to develop six smart cities after weighing in all the parameters prescribed by the centre for smart cities.
;;-0.25;;(file)chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday cancelled a directive issued to the mumbai municipality just two days before sanctioning mumbais new development plan.
;;0.5994;;a delegation of senior ncp leaders from western maharashtra, led by party chief sharad pawar, met chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday to discuss the flood situation in the region and demanded further relief from the government for flood-affected people.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis made the announcement in the state legislature friday.
;;0.0258;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)although elections in maharashtra are two-and-a-half years away, mainstream political parties, including the ruling bjp and shiv sena, and opposition congress and ncp have taken the battle to the rural electorate to consolidate their electoral base.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewing the jalyukta shivar project at lambota village in latur district.
;;0.128;;on january 26, 2015, chief minister devendrafadnavis had launched the jalyukta shivar abhiyan, setting a target of bringing at least 25 lakh hectares of land under irrigation in three phases between 2015 and 2018.
;;0.4215;;last week, chief minister devendrafadnavis had directed all guardian ministers to come out with a detailed report on jalyukta shivar work in their respective districts.
;;-0.1779;;at the state level bankers committee (slbc) meeting on wednesday to announce the state annual plan for 2019-20, chief minister devendrafadnavis expressed displeasure at the financial institutions failure to cross 54 per cent target in disbursement of crop credit to farmers in the state.
;;0.6486;;according to sources, the sena apprehends that loan waiver announced by chief minister devendrafadnavis would help the bjp walk credit in the coming elections.
;;0.0;;in april last year, the state government formed the sit after a direct intervention from chief minister devendrafadnavis and it was given the mandate to probe into cases of dummy candidates, including many in pune.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, sawant met chief minister devendrafadnavis late on monday evening in mumbai.
;;0.4019;;the bill, an initiative of chief minister devendrafadnavis , makes maharashtra a leader among the states in the country to adopt a comprehensive law to root out oppression carried out in the name of age old traditions, caste and religion.
;;0.0;;a deal was brokered in a meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis , mns and the film producers.
;;0.0;;the general administration department, led by chief minister devendrafadnavis , had issued a government resolution spelling out names of national leaders and icons whose photographs can be displayed in government offices.
;;0.5499;;chief minister devendrafadnavis was not present at this meeting, but union ministers radhamohan singh (agriculture), ram vilas paswan (food), subhash bhamre (mos, defence), former agriculture minister and nationalist congress party chief sharad pawar, maharashtras ministers pandurang phundkar (agriculture), subhash deshmukh (cooperatives), sadabhau khot (mos, agriculture) and senior bureaucrats deliberated on measures in this regard.
;;-0.25;;amid the ongoing agitation of farmers in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis had recently announced the biggest-ever farm loan waiver in the state.
;;0.296;;jadhav and a nanded-based social activist, shobha waghmare, who has been helping jadhav in the process, recently met chief minster devendrafadnavis , who has ordered the formation of an sit.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/files) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/files)maharashtra has allocated rs 26,345.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the schemes are oriented to make farmers self-reliant and double their income.
;;-0.6997;;the thought of 55 per cent households living in rural maharashtra with no access to toilets was very disturbing, chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.0258;;bjp, which notched up 82 seats in the mumbai civic polls after fighting separately under the leadership of chief minister devendrafadnavis , is yet to make its stance clear on the mayoral poll.
;;0.4601;;while vikhe-patil is almost certain to follow his sons footsteps and join the bjp, sources say chief minister devendrafadnavis wants vikhe-patil to wait till the election results are out.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday chaired a marathon meeting of senior ministers, mlas and mps from the state to discuss the maratha rallies, those that have already taken place and those being planned in the coming days.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday chaired a marathon meeting of senior ministers, mlas and mps from the state to discuss the maratha rallies, those that have already taken place and those being planned in the coming days.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday chaired a marathon meeting of senior ministers, mlas and mps from the state to discuss the maratha rallies, those that have already taken place and those being planned in the coming days.
;;0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the maharashtra government would take steps to ensure the compulsory teaching of the marathi language as a subject in schools of all boards, including cbse and icse.
;;0.6808;;chief minister devendrafadnavis thanked dr judin bin abdul karim, president, cidb holdings, for partnering with the state government to boost its road infrastructure.
;;0.6808;;(source: file) chief minister devendrafadnavis thanked dr judin bin abdul karim, president, cidb holdings, for partnering with the state government to boost its road infrastructure.
;;0.6808;;chief minister devendrafadnavis thanked dr judin bin abdul karim, president, cidb holdings, for partnering with the state government to boost its road infrastructure.
;;-0.3818;;facing criticism over the large number of hoardings erected across pune for his mahajanadesh yatra, chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday said he was completely against the way local leaders had put up the flex boards and banners.
;;0.8481;;seeking a third consecutive rule in the civic body of the states second capital, which is also prestigious for the party owing to its status of being the hometown of chief minister devendrafadnavis and union surface transport and shipping minister nitin gadkari, the party didnt spare even some of them who used to be hard core rss cadre like shripad risaldar, who filed nomination against party veteran and leader in nmc dayashankar tiwari.
;;0.2023;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , while inaugurating the service, said the monorail would no longer remain a joy ride but would offer last mile connectivity to the people.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has already ruled out the bjp seeking congress help in the bmc.
;;0.7096;;the state government will make a strong push to promote awareness on cadaver donation through a walkathon on august 30, to be held in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis and governor ch vidyasagar rao.
;;-0.7845;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had then ordered a crackdown on the cartel  locally known as the golden gang  after four sitting corporators were jailed following the suicide of a top realtor, suraj parmar.
;;0.3182;;the decision would further strengthen the democracy, said chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday.
;;0.3182;;express the decision would further strengthen the democracy, said chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday.
;;0.0;;expressleading from the front, chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday immediately brought into practice the union cabinet decision of not using red beacon on the official vehicle during his visit to city.
;;0.1779;;after the passage of the bill in the lower house, chief minister devendrafadnavis thanked everyone for their cooperation.
;;-0.34;;after the lok sabha elections were announced in march, the election commission ordered that bharti, who is seen to be close to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , was moved out of his post as joint cp, law & order (mumbai) and posted as joint commissioner, economic offences wing (mumbai).
;;0.0;;express filethrowing a spanner in shiv sena president uddhav thackerays plans to build a theme park on the mahalaxmi race course land in mumbai, chief minister devendrafadnavis urban development (ud) department has formulated a new policy that may pave the way for renewal of the turf clubs lease.
;;0.5719;;maharashtrathe government will strive to ensure that rehabilitation of flood-affected people is done in record time, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, adding that efforts will be made to make the state drought-free by diverting rain water from konkan region to north maharashtra and marathwada as well as water from wainganga river to vidarbha by constructing a tunnel.
;;0.0;;the purohit sangh has invited maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis for the function.
;;0.34;;the gems & jewellery export promotion council (gjepc) and mumbai diamond merchants association disbursed the fds to the 19 martyrs families through the hands of chief minister devendrafadnavis and his wife amruta.
;;0.6369;;in another glimmer of hope for the residents, chief minister devendrafadnavis recently announced that mmrda flats would be constructed for these people close to their original homes.
;;-0.6124;;both parties are now bitter rivals and a war of words has been going on between maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray.
;;0.0;;after the high-voltage march to the temple by the bhumata brigade volunteers, which was foiled mid-way, chief minister devendrafadnavis called for a dialogue between temple authorities and activists to find a way out of the row.
;;0.8834;;while cm devendrafadnavis tore into shiv sena chief uddhav thackerays love for the marathi manoos at a rally in thakurdwar, congresss sanjay nirupam, campaigning in dharavi, declared his party would ensure shiv sena and bjp corporators responsible for the graft in the civic body are jailed if his party comes to power.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis saturday urged voters in pimpri chinchwad to vote the bjp to power, promising five times more development in the region than what has been done.
;;0.0;;at a meeting, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the government is all set to put the entire agriculture sector on separate solar feeder to provide quality and consistent power supply to farmers in the state.
;;-0.3182;;citing the information, rti activist anil galgali wrote to chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday, demanding that the firm be blacklisted and an enquiry be constituted against former sra head vishwas patil, who had allegedly allowed hdil to pay the amount to regularise a construction taken up without prior permission.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday discussed a development plan for zero mile, which is the centre of india.
;;0.0;;on january 8 this year, ahead of the local body polls across the state, the urban development department led by chief minister devendrafadnavis had issued an ordinance in this regard.
;;0.0;;union surface transport minister nitin gadkari, who arrived at the vidhan bhavan in nagpur friday amid the ongoing session of the state legislature, has defended chief minister devendrafadnavis suggestion to set up a pm-led committee for development of mumbai.
;;0.128;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)at sindhi village (jafrabad taluka) in jalna district, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday launched the state governments project to desilt dams and check soil erosion on agriculture land.
;;-0.4019;;b'a day after the government-owned helicopter carrying chief minister devendrafadnavis and his team crashlanded in nilanga in latur district, a team of officials from the directorate general of civil aviation (dgca) collected evidence from the crash site.
;;0.4588;;arul horizonas the ima strike is called off following assurances by chief minister devendrafadnavis , dr dilip sarda, member of maharashtra medical council and former president of maharashtra unit of ima and dr jayant navrange, chairman of the medico-legal committee of ima at an idea exchange at the indian express talk on why the incidents snowballed into a major issue leading to mass bunking and what needs to be doneanuradha mascarenhas: resident doctors at government medical colleges across the state have been on mass casual leave for five days demanding security.
;;0.0;;mahajan, a blue eyed boy of chief minister devendrafadnavis , was in charge of the entire operation.
;;0.4019;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis bharatiya janata party for the first time finds itself in the reckoning as a major political force in the bmc, taking on the shiv sena on home turf.
;;0.7269;;he assured us of taking a positive decision after he, along with chief minister devendrafadnavis , meets us on september 1 to discuss our issues, bala sanap, leader, jai bhagwan taxi rickshaw sanghatana said.
;;0.4939;;an official said that the programme will be launched by chief minister devendrafadnavis , and that shiv sena leader aaditya thackeray will be the special guest at the occasion.
;;-0.4215;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file)a bill to prevent attacks on journalists will be introduced in the ongoing budget session of the maharashtra legislature, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced in the state legislative assembly on saturday.
;;0.0;;what was the bjp in maharashtra, in particular chief minister devendrafadnavis , doing for the past two years?
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has appointed satish mathur (1981 ips batch) as the next director general of police of maharashtra, k p bakshi, acs home, told pti.
;;0.0;;watch what else is making newsworld bank chief executive officer devendrafadnavis and maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis discussed the projects in mumbai tuesday.
;;0.4215;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis approved the national venom research centre project.
;;0.6705;;officials from haffkine institute said the project has been approved by chief minister devendrafadnavis and the union health ministry has been approached to support it.
;;0.0;;officials say they began work as soon as revenue minister eknath khadse, deputed to sangli by chief minister devendrafadnavis , made the announcement on april 5.
;;-0.7964;;in the wake of the building collapse in south mumbais dongri area in july that had resulted in the death of 13 people, chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced that his government will bring a law to make redevelopment compulsory.
;;0.6597;;a day after ncp workers raised slogans at a rally addressed by chief minister devendrafadnavis during the mahajanadesh yatra on party chief sharad pawars home turf of baramati, fadnavis on sunday hit out at the party, asking how it would feel if bjp workers started disrupting pawars public meetings.
;;0.2263;;in a letter to the maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , state congress spokesperson sachin sawant said that scrapped notes worth rs 2.
;;0.7506;;representational file/agency photowith muslims set to celebrate eid-ul-adha that involves sacrificing an animal, next month, the samajwadi party has told chief minister devendrafadnavis to rein in gau rakshaks in the state.
;;0.6597;;chief minister devendrafadnavis performed a puja in ujjain praying for the drought to end and the state have a good rainfall this year, it noted.
;;0.0;;a tiger has recently been sighted near phetri village in nagpur district, which is the adopted village of chief minister devendrafadnavis , about 8 km from the citys outskirts.
;;-0.4939;;chief minister devendrafadnavis saturday expressed grief at the demise of veteran bjp leader and former union finance minister arun jaitley.
;;0.0;;the new policy comes after directives from chief minister devendrafadnavis to focus on water management and maintenance of the irrigation projects.
;;0.4767;;advertisingas reported by the indian express on july 15, chief minister devendrafadnavis cleared the state revenue departments proposal of surveying the foreshore area on nepean sea road, and giving the land parcel a cadastral survey (cs) number.
;;0.0;;bjp releases manifesto for goa polls; focus on jobs, tourismgoa chief minister lakshmikant parsekar with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and other bjp leaders releasing the partys manifest for goa assembly polls in panaji on sunday.
;;0.0;;pti photo goa chief minister lakshmikant parsekar with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and other bjp leaders releasing the partys manifest for goa assembly polls in panaji on sunday.
;;0.4019;;the manifesto was released by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in the presence of his goan counterpart laxmikant parsekar, union ayush minister shripad naik and other party leaders.
;;-0.6705;;while sena president uddhav thackeray is trying to assert his partys might in high-stakes mumbai and its cash-rich municipality, the elections turned into a do-or-die battle for chief minister devendrafadnavis who carried the entire burden of bjp campaigning on his shoulders.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis organised the function for minister of road transport and shipping nitin gadkari when he entered his 61st year last week, in nagpur.
;;-0.4588;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday issued a stern warning to district administrations to shed their complacency in reaching out to people adversely affected by drought.
;;0.3612;;the state governments impetus on greater investments in the agriculture sector has resulted in generation of rs 40,000-crore income to farmers in the last one year in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday.
;;0.7351;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , too, has emphasised on the need for greater investment in rural sectors to create new work opportunities and provide infrastructure to farmers.
;;0.0;;at that time, chief minister devendrafadnavis had filled in for her.
;;0.5267;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said the journey of shinde is an inspiration to all as he has risen to all occasions against all odds shinde has put a mark on whichever responsibility he held so far.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/7liyoemgup  ani (@ani_news) february 21, 201710:50 am: chief minister devendrafadnavis emerged as the face of bjp during its campaign for civic elections across maharashtra.
;;-0.296;;meanwhile, mohsins father, mohammed sadiq shaikh, has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis , seeking appointment of ujjwal nikam as a public prosecutor to oppose bail petition of the main accused, dhananjay desai.
;;0.0;;however, uddhav said he did not plan to visit pandharpur to perform the official puja of vitthala, the state deity, along with chief minister devendrafadnavis who performs it annually.
;;0.3182;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said, to ascertain the truth, call records of bhide for last six months were checked along with his locations and movements.
;;0.0;;(express photo/janak rathod)chief minister devendrafadnavis said in the maharashtra assembly on tuesday: there is not a single document or evidence to substantiate the role of sambhaji bhide in the koregaon bhima incident.
;;0.6705;;express photo by deepak joshi)stressing that maharashtra has started changing under the bjp, chief minister devendrafadnavis today appealed to people to show opponents of development their place even as he hailed the proposed mumbai-nagpur superhighway, saying it will make farmers rich.
;;0.0;;in october 2014, when the devendrafadnavis government took over the reins of the state, the same was 32.
;;-0.7184;;explained focus on ongoing projects pays dividends just as the debate rages on why chief minister devendrafadnavis has failed to walk the talk and take action against politicians who were accused by the bjp itself of wrongdoing in irrigation projects taken up during the past regime, his government has focussed on completion of last-mile projects and fast-tracking the construction of canals and sub-canals to ensure more farm area is brought under irrigation.
;;0.5106;;now just ahead of the 2019 assembly polls, the devendrafadnavis government has come out with statistics regarding increase in the irrigated land area and additional irrigation potential created.
;;-0.2263;;he demanded that chief minister devendrafadnavis should clarify his agenda of transparency.
;;-0.6486;;chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (source: file photo) chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (source: file photo)two days after the shiv sena decided to have no pre-poll alliance with the bjp, the latter scaled up its attack.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, our differences with the shiv sena are not ideological.
;;0.4939;;and we are confident that chief minister devendrafadnavis will take these two memorial projects to its logical end.
;;0.0;;mumbai : maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis addresses at an election campaign rally in thane on sunday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) mumbai : maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis addresses at an election campaign rally in thane on sunday.
;;0.6486;;(source: pti)addressing a bjp booth workers rally in thane, chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday evoked warrior king chhatrapati shivaji and used references from hindu epics to enthuse his party workers and curb discontent over the induction of outsiders.
;;0.2023;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said on thursday that floodwater is expected to recede faster in the affected western maharashtra districts with karna-taka agreeing to release more water from the almatti dam.
;;0.3818;;shelar also went on to add that bjps lord krishna, a reference to chief minister devendrafadnavis , would ensure that this demon would be bottled during the ensuing mumbai civic polls.
;;0.0;;the dhule resident had written to chief minister devendrafadnavis on april 3, seeking a probe in the scheduled case recruitment drive held in 1989 in the civic body.
;;0.5647;;(file photo)as farmers in some parts of maharashtra on thursday went on a strike, chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government was trying to resolve the issue through talks but the opposition congress and ncp were instigating them for political gains.
;;0.0516;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)further investigations into the controversy surrounding the flouting of a four-decade-old freeze on issuance of new private liquor retail licences have revealed that a five-year-old notification of the government was at the centre of the controversy.
;;0.7096;;while finding massive irregularities in permits issued between 2010 and 2016, the probe, ordered by chief minister devendrafadnavis , revealed that each and everyone of the 202 permits to be issued was approved under the ministers discretionary powers after district-level officials had turned down the request for approval on the ground of ineligibility.
;;0.0;;presenting the report card of the government and seeking an absolute mandate in the upcoming assembly elections, chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday travelled through the naxal corridor across districts of gondia to gadchiroli on day 4 of his mahajanadesh yatra.
;;-0.5719;;according to information, chief minister devendrafadnavis himself gave the go ahead for action against the ncp leaders firm after a two-month long multi-state investigation busted the alleged scam.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis inspected the seepz-colaba metro 3 project late monday night.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis friday declared a waiver of stamp duty and registration fee for crop loans and term loans up to rs 2.
;;0.0;;on june 5, chief minister devendrafadnavis appointed retired district judge iqbal bohari and 1985-batch ias officer mukesh khullar as members of the regulatory body.
;;0.0;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis had, on march 30, announced in the legislative assembly that from may onwards, dry and wet garbage will be segregated and scientifically disposed of in the state.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has urged the state finance department to work out the budget for subsidies to help farmers meet the additional expenditure on drip irrigation infrastructure.
;;0.5242;;watch video | shiv sena breaks 25-year alliance with bjp in maharashtra, to go solo in bmc electionsreacting to the development, chief minister devendrafadnavis said: parivartan is inevitable, irrespective of those who join or dont in our fight for transparency and accountable administration for larger public welfare.
;;0.6705;;the shiv sena welcomed the bjps decision to not contest the mayoral election and claimed that by doing so chief minister devendrafadnavis had respected the mandate given by residents of the city to the shiv sena.
;;-0.7506;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday accused opposition congress-ncp of shedding crocodile tears over the plight of farmers and said that their demand for loan waiver is politically motivated as they suffered a severe drubbing in the recent local bodies and civic polls across the state.
;;0.1531;;in what is being seen as another attempt to maintain cordial relationship with the bjp-led national democratic alliance (nda), telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao has extended an invite to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis for being the chief guest for the inauguration ceremony of the kaleshwaram lift irrigation project (klip), which is being billed as the costliest irrigation projects to be undertaken in india.
;;0.5859;;while insiders from both parties and political observers said it was too early to say whether fridays show signalled a course correction, they agreed it had political overtones, with chief minister devendrafadnavis and senas uddhav thackeray coming together for the event.
;;0.3612;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has assured the centre that the state would strive to go digital across its 29,000 gram panchayats, which comprise 40,913 villages, in two phases along with the bhim-aadhaar platform by 2018.
;;0.3182;;to calm the mns down, maharashtras chief minister devendrafadnavis held a private meeting in his office between mns leader raj thackeray and johar.
;;0.0;;at khandvi village in buldhana district, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who on saturday toured districts of buldhana and yavatmal to review water conservation projects, held interactive sessions with farmers to explain group farming model.
;;0.0;;the committee, constituted by chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday, will be led by minister for revenue and public works chandrakant patil.
;;0.5106;;(source: express photo)railway minister suresh prabhu on saturday inaugurated a mobile ticketing system for suburban railways at dadar station and said he would soon meet chief minister devendrafadnavis and union transport minister nitin gadkari to discuss a proposal on utilising bombay port trust (bpt) land for the expansion of harbour line of the suburban railways.
;;-0.296;;a day after bjp and ncp workers raised slogans against each other at the chief ministers mahajanadesh yatra in baramati, devendrafadnavis on sunday took a dig at the ncp, saying the party was bullying others by not allowing their rallies in sharad pawars hometown.
;;0.25;;even though chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray had appeared to be keen on keeping their 20-year-old alliance, the two-week-long negotiations came to a halt after sena offered only 60 seats to its ally in response to the bjps demand for 114 seats, which included the seats of 40 sitting sena corporators.
;;0.3182;;chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday had to face fire from the opposition for his strong defence of senior bjp leader eknath khadse a day earlier.
;;-0.4767;;not small enough for chief minister of maharashtra, devendrafadnavis (of beef ban and shouting bharat mata ki jai and no water supply help to drought-hit latur for two years fame) to smoke a hostage pipe with the nationalist patriots (np).
;;0.0258;;the bombay high court wednesday directed that notices be issued to chief minister devendrafadnavis , the state government and the contractor of the pune-mumbai expressway in a matter seeking to revoke the right of the contractor to collect toll along the road.
;;0.4939;;they have submitted a memorandum to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis seeking his support to end gender bias and allow womens entry at the temple and all other sacred places in the state.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo)ahead of the october 31 swearing-in ceremony for maharashtras new chief minister devendrafadnavis , it was a different oath-taking function held wednesday at the fort-based headquarters of the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), which has often been in the dock over allegations of corruption against its staff.
;;0.25;;chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (file photo)coming under the scanner for issuing a circular banning display of religious pictures and rituals in offices and state-run schools, the maharashtra government has recalled the order and a show cause notice was slapped on the official who sent it across the state without getting a nod from his superiors.
;;-0.5859;;the clarification in this regard was made on friday as shiv sena ministers met chief minister devendrafadnavis demanding withdrawal of the circular, a day after sena chief uddhav thackeray attacked the government over it.
;;0.4019;;promising to make maharashtra drought-free in the next five years, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday embarked on the mahajanadesh yatra, seeking absolute majority in the upcoming state polls.
;;0.4215;;the developments come in the wake of chief minister devendrafadnavis requesting the centre to fast-track mega-mumbai projects conceived and approved in the last 20 months.
;;0.6705;;giving a clean chit to the senior bjp leader, chief minister devendrafadnavis urged the party cadre to aggressively take on those defaming khadse and the bjp.
;;0.0258;;(file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis will launch a shivar samwad sabha today to reach out to farmers in the state and address their issues.
;;0.34;;(file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis this evening welcomed the release of indian solider chandu chavan, who hails from dhule district of north maharashtra.
;;0.0;;in nagpur, the hometown of chief minister devendrafadnavis , it is ahead of its rivals.
;;0.4019;;the stakes are high for chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, who led their parties from the front and were involved in a high decibel and no-holds-barred campaign.
;;-0.296;;b'maharashtra revenue minister eknath khadse maharashtra revenue minister eknath khadseeknath khadse, the revenue minister in the bjp-led government in maharashtra, has submitted his resignation to chief minister devendrafadnavis after allegations of impropriety surfaced against him in a land deal in pune.
;;0.6369;;technology can never replace people-to-people contact between the government and the people and women are best suited to that role, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had defended nilangekar during a discussion in the state assembly on july 22 in 2016.
;;-0.2263;;apart from conducting a rally, the watchdog foundation has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis and municipal commissioner ajoy mehta, demanding durable roads.
;;0.0;;a senior bjp leader had virtually ruled out yesterday the possibility of chief minister devendrafadnavis resuming seat-sharing talks with thackeray.
;;-0.886;;(file photo)minister of state for social justice and empowerment ramdas athawale has cancelled his visit to kopardi to meet the family of the maratha girl who was allegedly raped and murdered by youths belonging to the dalit community after requests by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and threats from local maratha leaders.
;;0.0;;however, he said that he called off the visit after chief minister devendrafadnavis advised him against it.
;;0.0;;state revenue minister chandrakant patil told pti that the bjp core committee of the state leaders met at varsha, the official residence of chief minister devendrafadnavis at mumbai on thursday, to discuss the preparations for the upcoming conclave.
;;0.0;;referring to the maharashtra cabinet expansion, which according to chief minister devendrafadnavis would happen before he leaves for his russia tour early next week, the sena chief said, i and the cm have only had superficial discussions.
;;0.0;;express photoalthough maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier hinted that the state cabinet would be expanded this week, sources in the bjp now say that it is mostly likely to take place in the first week of july.
;;0.1779;;chief minister devendrafadnavis will request prime minister narendra modi to extend a separate package of rs 8,000 crore for the gosikhurd national irrigation project in vidarbha region.
;;0.2023;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)the bjps resounding victory in the civic polls in maharashtra has further strengthened chief minister devendrafadnavis , who led his partys campaign from the front after deciding to go alone without tying up with the shiv sena, according to political observers.
;;0.2023;;(express archive)skill development training can promote economically self-reliant entrepreneurs and beat unemployment through job creation in diverse sectors, including agriculture and industries, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday interacting with iti students.
;;0.3818;;according to the papers, chief minister devendrafadnavis had to step in to resolve the spat.
;;-0.8402;;asked about the state governments inaction against right-wing leader sambhaji bhide, accused of inciting the riot, athawale said chief minister devendrafadnavis has told him the police had no evidence against him.
;;-0.7641;;chatap claimed it was very unfortunate chief minister devendrafadnavis , who belongs to vidarbha, was not interested in giving statehood to the region.
;;0.2023;;advertisingthe supreme court on tuesday reserved its order on a plea challenging the election of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , on the ground that he had not disclosed details of two criminal cases against him while filing his nomination in 2014, even as it sought to know why the allegations should not be proved in trial.
;;0.0;;talking to reporters, maharashtra unit congress president ashok chavan said the people would teach traitors a lesson, hours after gavit, a tribal leader and former minister, joined the bjp in presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis and state unit bjp chief raosaheb danve.
;;0.0;;during the meeting, bjp corporators, wearing saffron turbans, talked about the life and achievements of the maratha king, while thanking chief minister devendrafadnavis for proposing to set aside the land in chandni chowk for the memorial.
;;0.4404;;in a move set to benefit hundreds of redevelopment works adjacent to small- and medium-sized roads in the island city, chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said a time frame would be set up to redevelop buildings that pay a repair cess to the maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada).
;;0.0;;anand dave, district president of abbm, said, we have sent the proposal for building shrimant bajirao peshwe srishti to chief minister devendrafadnavis by email.
;;0.0;;anand dave, district president of abbm, said, we have sent the proposal for building shrimant bajirao peshwe srishti to chief minister devendrafadnavis by email.
;;0.0;;anand dave, district president of abbm, said, we have sent the proposal for building shrimant bajirao peshwe srishti to chief minister devendrafadnavis by email.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said that his governments maiden budget was not driven by populist politics but economics to fast track the mission of make in maharashtra.
;;0.6702;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (pti photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (pti photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said bjp is not in favour of suspension of publication of saamana newspaper during election days but the party has objections to certain content published in it.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday met representatives of the dhangar community.
;;0.0;;(file photo)taking the battle against corruption to shiv sena chief uddhav thackerays doorsteps, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said the index of the familys growth and development was at the cost of ordinary mumbaikars.
;;0.0;;before the lok sabha elections, the details of the seat-sharing pact was worked out by me, chief minister devendrafadnavis and (bjp national president) amit shah.
;;-0.7506;;on thursday, when chief minister devendrafadnavis arrived in town to launch the partys poll campaign, durge sat on a hunger strike in protest against ticket being denied to him in sambhajinagar area.
;;0.1027;;highly placed sources in the government said, chief minister devendrafadnavis reassured thackeray that every financial loss on account of octroi would be adequately compensated.
;;-0.5574;;on friday, the state urban development department, headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis , issued draft rules to regularise illegal structures across the state which came up by december 31, 2015.
;;0.4767;;the report on the draft development plan (dp) 2014-2034 submitted by the planning committee has become the latest bone of contention between the bjp and the shiv sena, with the latter opposing a metro rail carshed in aarey colony, part of chief minister devendrafadnavis ambitious thrust for metro line.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed the water resources ministry to work towards completion of the irrigation projects where 75 per cent work is already done to enhance the irrigation potential in the drought-hit districts.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and mungantiwar have also rolled out an elaborate plan for tiger tourism.
;;0.7964;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the supreme courts decision in the cbi special judge b h loyas death case has more than established that maharashtra governments investigation into the matter was free and fair.
;;0.7964;;(file) chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the supreme courts decision in the cbi special judge b h loyas death case has more than established that maharashtra governments investigation into the matter was free and fair.
;;0.8074;;(file)demanding a public apology from the opposition and a few media houses, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the supreme courts decision in the cbi special judge b h loyas death case has more than established that maharashtra governments investigation into the matter was free and fair.
;;0.5719;;it further said that after the congress won the rajasthan by-poll, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the congress should only contest the bypolls.
;;-0.3612;;(express archive)after three consecutive days of disruption, the state legislative council wednesday resumed business after chief minister devendrafadnavis placated the opposition, saying the state government was not considering carving out a separate vidarbha state.
;;0.7269;;speaking to mediapersons after the results were declared, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, i express gratitude to the people of palghar for reposing their faith in the development work of the government.
;;0.2732;;amruta fadnavis along with her husband, chief minister devendrafadnavis in a music video titled mumbai river anthem (source: t-series) amruta fadnavis along with her husband, chief minister devendrafadnavis in a music video titled mumbai river anthem (source: t-series)days after she, along with her husband, chief minister devendrafadnavis , appeared in a music video titled mumbai river anthem, amruta fadnavis has been approached by some pune-based activists, requesting her to repeat her effort for the sake of punes rivers as well.
;;-0.2732;;upping the ante against its ally bjp, shiv sena monday said chief minister devendrafadnavis will be sent home if he continues to level charges against it in the run up to the local body polls.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday called for fast tracking of projects in the naxal corridor.
;;0.1779;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had yesterday assured filmmaker karan johar that the state government will ensure smooth release of his directorial project ae dil hai mushkil, which is facing threat from mns for featuring a pakistani actor in it.
;;0.6249;;nitin kareer, principal secretary, urban development, confirmed that chief minister devendrafadnavis had already granted his approval to the construction project under the governments newly revised policy for integrated townships.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis will launch these schemes through e-bhoomip-ujan in mumbai on thursday.
;;0.8885;;(file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis said tuesday the socio-economic transformation drive of the state government with peoples participation could be further motivated by roping those engaged in ethical businesses to bring in greater investments and deliver change in public life.
;;0.0;;the statue of warrior king chhatrapati shivaji, to come up in the arabian sea, will be the tallest in the world, chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said in the state assembly.
;;0.6124;;aashay khandekar: you invited chief minister devendrafadnavis as well as ncp supremo sharad pawar on the dais.
;;0.6124;;aashay khandekar: you invited chief minister devendrafadnavis as well as ncp supremo sharad pawar on the dais.
;;0.0;;home minister amit shah spoke to chief minister devendrafadnavis and took stock of the situation arising out of the explosion.
;;-0.3182;;hearing the plight of the ostracised couple, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis invited them to varsha, his residence in mumbai, (file photo) hearing the plight of the ostracised couple, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis invited them to varsha, his residence in mumbai, (file photo)a couple, facing social boycott in their village in coastal konkan, onthursday performed puja of the ganesh idol installed at chief minister devendrafadnavis official residence varsha in south mumbai.
;;0.5859;;at a meeting held with national agriculture cooperative marketing federation of india (nafed), chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the state government was committed to provide both financial and logistic support to farmers cultivating cereals such as tur and harbara.
;;-0.2263;;ptiin the face of spiralling protests across maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday announced a farm loan waiver of rs 30,000 crore, the biggest such write-off for farmers in the state.
;;-0.4215;;(file photo)hardening his stand, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday said the government will talk only to the protesting farmers and not others.
;;-0.1531;;express archivemoments before chief minister devendrafadnavis and other state government dignitaries were scheduled to attend the launch of a powerboat racing event at gateway of india, the brihanmumbai municipal corporation sent in bulldozer to stop the programme.
;;-0.7506;;the 42-year-old allegedly hanged himself and in a suicide note, suspected to have been written by him, asked for the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis before his body was cremated.
;;0.6249;;reacting to these findings, chief minister devendrafadnavis promised strict action against those fraudulently claiming benefits.
;;0.6808;;on the other hand, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis and actor amitabh bachchan wrote to sharma and pm narendra modi, respectively, to push for mumbai this time.
;;0.2263;;gst will ensure a single tax,, said fadnavis (express file photo)amid a nationwide outrage over rising fuel prices, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday pitched for bringing petrol and diesel under the purview of gst, saying it would ensure reduction of rates.
;;0.0;;b'it will be at least another two months before the fate of the sikorsky helicopter that crash-landed in latur last week with chief minister devendrafadnavis onboard can be decided.
;;0.0;;shah said he had contested since chief minister devendrafadnavis had advised him to do so.
;;0.0;;talking about transformation of bhiwandi, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said a rs 1,000 crore multi-pronged development model would give the township a new identity.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has formed a high-powered committee of senior ministers to end the ongoing unrest in the state.
;;0.34;;chief minister devendrafadnavis is expected to inaugurate the restored central hall of the asiatic society library, horniman circle, on sunday.
;;0.4404;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis will hold a fundraising session in mantra-laya on thursday to attract corporate social responsibility (csr) funds for the governments flagship model village scheme.
;;0.8442;;read: uddhav thackeray: not just mumbai mayor, maharashtra next chief minister will be from shiv senacelebrations soon played out outside bjps dadar office as party workers eagerly welcomed maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis who addressed a press conference soon after.
;;0.7964;;read: devendrafadnavis on bmc poll results: bjps huge victory a mandate for transparencya shiv sena supporter celebrates after bmc elections in mumbai.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis arriving at bjp office, dadar after bmc election results on thursday.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis arriving at bjp office, dadar after bmc election results on thursday.
;;0.7096;;in a series of tweets, pm modi praised bjp workers, particularly maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and state party president raosaheb danve patil, for tirelessly working for the people.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis in bjp office, dadar after bmc election results on thursday.
;;0.0;;express photo by nirmal harindran maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis in bjp office, dadar after bmc election results on thursday.
;;0.0;;neet 2016: the combined result of sit after a direct intervention from chief minister devendrafadnavis to probe into the cases of dummy candidates including many in pune.
;;0.0;;(reopresentational) neet 2016: the combined result of sit after a direct intervention from chief minister devendrafadnavis to probe into the cases of dummy candidates including many in pune.
;;0.0;;in april last year, the state government had formed the sit after a direct intervention from chief minister devendrafadnavis to probe into the cases of dummy candidates including many in pune.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken following a recent meeting between chief minister devendrafadnavis , union minister hardip singh puri, bmc chief praveen pardeshi and representatives of naredco, mchi and peata.
;;-0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis issued a statement to condemn pawars speech.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis says that the ambedkar bhavan will be rebuilt by the end of the month.
;;0.34;;(source: file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis told the legislature on wednesday that the ambedkar bhavan that also housed a press owned by dr b r ambedkar, will be restored by month end.
;;0.3818;;i will ask chief minister devendrafadnavis to call both groups for a meeting to resolve the issue, said athawale.
;;0.7506;;advertisingthe agreement to hand over the land to dra was finalised at a meeting on sunday between maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , union railway minister piyush goyal, general managers of central and western railways and chairman of the railway board.
;;0.0;;patil said chief minister devendrafadnavis would be making a statement on the issue in the upper house, but this didnt happen.
;;-0.3818;;now state vice-president of the bjp, he told the indian express: we actually still have a modi wave here, and chief minister devendrafadnavis has been working on defeating chavan for two years.
;;0.3612;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis plans to interact with thousands of youth from across the state on may 1, observed as maharashtra day, paving the way for greater peoples participation in governance under its transform maharashtra mission.
;;0.25;;kicking off the second phase of his mahajanadesh yatra in northern maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday hit out at pakistan and termed the revocation of article 370 as the long-cherished dream of every indian.
;;0.0;;the cabinet sub-committee chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday decided to evolve a new category of seasonal farming along with existing farming on irrigated and non-irrigated lands.
;;0.4215;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said in his message: we have lost a great leader and reformer of the cooperative movement.
;;0.3818;;last week, after chief minister devendrafadnavis asked the civic body to hand over 17 plots to the metro 3 project, shiv sena leaders had said they would continue to oppose the project till the government came out with details of the rehabilitation of more than 600 families to be affected by the project.
;;0.296;;shetti was reacting to chief minister devendrafadnavis statement that some political parties are behind the strike.
;;0.296;;(representational purpose) shetti was reacting to chief minister devendrafadnavis statement that some political parties are behind the strike.
;;0.296;;he was reacting to chief minister devendrafadnavis statement that some political parties are behind the strike.
;;0.1779;;the decision was taken at meeting convened on friday by chief minister devendrafadnavis of nddb officials to extend the dairy development projects to rural households across backward districts of vidarbha and marathwada.
;;0.0;;shirdi airport chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed officials to complete unfinished work at shirdi airport by october 2016.
;;0.0;;almost two years after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced rs 34,000-crore farm loan waiver, district central cooperative banks (dccbs) seem to have benefited more than the nationalised banks under the scheme.
;;0.0;;devendra fadnavis (file) devendrafadnavis (file)while loan waiver is going to lead to financial constraints, it will not impact development projects in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday.
;;0.0;;twenty-five lakh women from across the state have presented rakhis to chief minister devendrafadnavis this year.
;;0.0;;breakfast meeteyebrows are being raised over an unscheduled breakfast meeting between chief minister devendrafadnavis and congress mla bharat bhalke at the latters residence this past week.
;;-0.4019;;speculation is rife in the corridors of power that chief minister devendrafadnavis move to transfer 1987-batch ias officer ashwani kumar from the post of principal secretary and chief electoral officer, maharashtra, was on account of complaints allegedly raised by some district collectors against his style of functioning.
;;0.0;;thats how the devendrafadnavis government is functioning at the moment.
;;0.0258;;in last week of june, a delegation of marathi writers, including veteran writer madhu mangesh karnik, author and former president of all india marathi literature meet laxmikant deshmukh, had met chief minister devendrafadnavis to press for their demands in the matter.
;;0.3818;;at the states annual kharif review meeting held on friday, chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the government would prioritise agriculture, water conservation and finance and was planning to consolidate the agriculture (and allied sector) growth from 12.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said redevelopment of bdd chawls will raise the standard of living of over 12,000 families currently staying in close-packed homes.
;;0.3612;;housing minister prakash mehta credited chief minister devendrafadnavis for removing the hurdles that were coming in the way of the redevelopment project.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday laid the foundation stone for a sub-centre of institute of chemical technology, at jalna district in marathwada.
;;0.6705;;advertisingofficial documents obtained by the indian express under the right to information act show that on july 15, chief minister devendrafadnavis approved in principle the revenue departments proposal to treat a foreshore portion on the seaward side of the high tide line (htl) in the nepean sea road area as revenue land.
;;0.0772;;a large number of people are participating in the jalyukt shivar scheme which is aimed at eliminating water scarcity in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on sunday.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis with bjp president amit shah.
;;0.0;;(source: pti/file) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis with bjp president amit shah.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who met prime minister narendra modi and party chief amit shah in delhi on thursday, told reporters that he had submitted a report on the issue to shah.
;;0.0;;what kind of tea is devendrafadnavis drinking?
;;0.0;;dadajis grandson deepak said, he had sought a house and 20 acre land from the state government by writing to chief minister devendrafadnavis and finance minister sudhir mungantiwar.
;;0.0;;file photothe water transport project along the east coast between ferry wharf (bhaucha dhakka) and nerul (navi mumbai) will start from march 2018, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on tuesday.
;;-0.5696;;in a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , city ncp chief and rajya sabha mp vandana chavan said the maps published by the pmc on the development plan of the city are not clear and are in black-and-white format, making them difficult for residents to understand.
;;-0.5994;;farmers in maharashtra, who had been on a war path from june 1 to press for their various demands, had on june 11 called off their stir after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced loan waiver for them.
;;0.7845;;in 2014, when the devendrafadnavis government won power in the state, khade was confident of finding a space in the chief ministers cabinet.
;;0.1531;;out you gochief minister devendrafadnavis is unhappy with the functioning of the social justice department.
;;0.34;;with non-bjp parties threatening to boycott prime minister narendra modis function in the city on saturday to mark the first anniversary of the smart city mission over the non-inclusion of pune mayors name in the list of invitees, chief minister devendrafadnavis intervened friday evening to defuse the situation after which the mayor was given a green signal by his party ncp to attend the function.
;;0.0772;;laxmikant deshmukh, former chairman of all india marathi literature meet, and working president of marathichya bhalyasathi (a platform for development of marathi) talks to the indian express about the announcement made by chief minister devendrafadnavis of making marathi compulsory in schools of all boards, promotion of the language and the newly introduced method of reading and writing number names in class ii.
;;0.0;;advertisingmaharashtra: chief minister devendrafadnavis said the centres decision had foiled the attempts of pakistan and the then congress government to separate the state from india.
;;0.4767;;according to a party spokesperson, in the last two weeks, we reached taluka-wise to apprise people of the policies of prime minister narendra modis government at the centre and chief minister devendrafadnavis government in maharashtra.
;;0.2023;;the changes were incorporated by chief minister devendrafadnavis after the core committee recommended allocation of rs 10,000 to small and marginal farmers only.
;;0.2732;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said, the government is committed to providing home to every adivasi family.
;;0.0;;the decision was announced by chief minister devendrafadnavis after the cabinet sub-committee meeting in mumbai.
;;-0.34;;earlier on monday, chavans close-aide, anandrao patil, a congress legislator, met chief minister devendrafadnavis , sparking speculations over his likely defection too.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed the authorities to expedite the planning to facilitate its execution by october-november 2016.
;;0.0;;the association has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis , highlighting the issue.
;;0.2023;;chief minister devendrafadnavis will soon address the top police brass, said mathur.
;;-0.1779;;people will teach the congress-ncp the lesson of their lives in the upcoming assembly elections, said chief minister devendrafadnavis , who was referring to the two parties arrogance despite facing a rout in the lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;he added, i have spoken to chief minister devendrafadnavis and he has spoken to the pune police commissioner.
;;-0.4588;;pti photoopposition parties on sunday boycotted the customary tea party hosted by chief minister devendrafadnavis on the eve of beginning of the monsoon session of state legislature over the gang-rape and murder of a minor girl in ahmednagar district.
;;0.128;;chief minister devendrafadnavis home turf nagpur, a traditional bjp stronghold, also mirrors the trend.
;;-0.6808;;now, the two key architects of the partys victory in the civic polls  mla laxman jagtap and mahesh landge  too seemed rather upset after they were apparently snubbed by chief minister devendrafadnavis over the nominations of co-opted corporators.
;;0.5719;;(file)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said that the government is committed to ensure that 6,000 villages become drought-free by december.
;;0.0;;when contacted, chief minister devendrafadnavis was dismissive of kadams allegation.
;;0.0772;;chief minister devendrafadnavis during his meeting with world bank chief executive officer devendrafadnavis dwelt at length on measures taken by his government to tackle the challenges in the agriculture sector due to climate changes.
;;0.0;;bmc polls 2017: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said the bjp wont be contesting for mumbai mayor polls.
;;0.0;;(file photo) bmc polls 2017: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said the bjp wont be contesting for mumbai mayor polls.
;;0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday directed the guardian ministers to review the ongoing jalyukta shivar works and ensure their completion in the next two months ahead of the monsoon.
;;0.7506;;meanwhile, chief minister devendrafadnavis briefed prime minister narendra modi about the floods and rescue and relief operations.
;;-0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , currently in the us, visited the virgin hyperloopone test site in nevada and met the companys ceo and board member, rob lloyd, a statement from the cmo said.
;;0.4404;;pti photo)altogether 179 pilgrims from maharashtra are among those stranded at various places after a massive landslide in uttarakhand and all of them are safe, chief minister devendrafadnavis told the assembly on saturday.
;;-0.4588;;in a letter written to chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday, the sena leader said the overall condition of girl students in state-run boarding schools is worsening each passing day.
;;-0.4588;;(source: pti photo) in a letter written to chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday, the sena leader said the overall condition of girl students in state-run boarding schools is worsening each passing day.
;;-0.4588;;in a letter written to chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday, the sena leader said the overall condition of girl students in state-run boarding schools is worsening each passing day.
;;0.4939;;company officials signed the mou in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis , industries minister subhash desai and minister of state for industries atul save, principal secretary to chief minister bhushan gagrani, secretary (industries) harshadeep kamble and maharashtra industrial development corporation ceo p anbalagan.
;;-0.3818;;our dream of ban on cow slaughter becomes a reality now, chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted.
;;0.0;;patil, who headed a high-powered committee set up by chief minister devendrafadnavis , was speaking to reporters after holding discussions with farmer leaders.
;;0.0;;(file)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday presented a roadmap of magnetic maharashtra at an event, mumbai meets manhattan, in new york.
;;0.2263;;amid speculation of brewing tension between two alliance partners ahead of the state polls, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on friday said he has asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to hand over a list of seats that the sena would contest.
;;0.2732;;their charter of demands addressed to the maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis included implementation of the ms swaminathan committees recommendation of ensuring crop realisation levels at least 50 per cent above production costs, a complete waiver of farm loans, 100 per cent subsidy on drip/sprinkler irrigation systems, and  of immediate relevance to dhanvate  a minimum milk purchase price of rs 50 per litre.
;;0.0;;when i first mooted the idea to chief minister devendrafadnavis at our meeting in nashik, the cm asked me to remind him next week.
;;0.3182;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis also appealed to voters across the state to exercise their voting right in order to strengthen democracy.
;;0.3182;;(source: pti) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis also appealed to voters across the state to exercise their voting right in order to strengthen democracy.
;;0.8271;;(source: pti)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who spearheaded bjps campaign for the civic polls, on tuesday exuded confidence that people will support the party on basis of the work it has done.
;;0.2023;;the supreme court wednesday fixed for final disposal a plea challenging the election of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to the state assembly for alleged non-disclosure of pending criminal cases against him in the nomination papers.
;;-0.802;;on july 1 last year, concerned individuals and institutions had petitioned chief minister devendrafadnavis , urging him to ban flavoured supari permanently and enforce the ban strictly.
;;0.765;;these polls are crucial for ncp as the civic bodies  pmc and neighbouring pcmc  are in the home district of party chief sharad pawar, while chief minister devendrafadnavis has made it a pride contest to validate the policies of bjp-led state and central government.
;;0.4019;;shiv sena president uddhav thackeray along with maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/file) shiv sena president uddhav thackeray along with maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/file)on monday night, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray along with several other leaders of the party met fadnavis at his official residence varsha in mumbai.
;;0.0;;finance minister sudhir mungantiwar (right) with chief minister devendrafadnavis after presenting the budget at vidhan bhawan in mumbai on wednesday.
;;0.3612;;the agency is learnt to have written to the urban development department led by chief minister devendrafadnavis seeking grant of transferable development rights (tdr).
;;-0.3607;;b'govind pansare govind pansarethe family of anti-superstition activist govind pansare, who was murdered on february 20, 2015 in kolhapur, has urged chief minister devendrafadnavis to hand over the case to the cbi as they are not happy with the way the special investigation team is conducting the probe.
;;0.0;;in a letter to fadnavis on thursday, the family wrote, as you are aware, comrade govindrao pansare and his chief minister devendrafadnavis were taking a morning stroll on february 16, 2015.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who chaired the cabinet meeting, said, through self-help groups, women from minority communities will be provided all required infrastructure and financial aid.
;;0.4019;;on monday, in a special meeting convened by chief minister devendrafadnavis , it was decided that the state will give the money to seloo agriculture produce marketing committee (apmc) as a soft loan.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis told the assembly on saturday that they have ascertained a total of179 passengers to be from the state.
;;-0.4404;;a delegation of ministers met chief minister devendrafadnavis , who denied issuing any such order from the general administrative department (gad).
;;0.0;;shiv sena ministers called on chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday and asked him to put across to the centre the need for a loan waiver for farmers in maharashtra.
;;0.0;;devendra fadnavis and devendrafadnavis devendrafadnavis and kristalina georgievachief minister devendrafadnavis met world bank ceo devendrafadnavis at washington dc.
;;0.2023;;during my meeting with wb ceo devendrafadnavis , we discussed rural transformation for sustainable livelihood in 10,000 villages and a multimodal transport corridor in mumbai metropolitan region.
;;-0.2263;;earlier this month, chief minister devendrafadnavis had slashed premiums collected for additional buildable space that are bound to bring down the cost of a construction project.
;;0.34;;much is at stake for the ncp as the civic bodies pmc and neighbouring pcmc are in the home district of ncp chief sharad pawar while chief minister devendrafadnavis has made it a contest of pride as the mandate would be considered as a response to the policies of bjp-led state and central government.
;;0.0;;shetty added that he would write to chief minister devendrafadnavis to order a cbi inquiry against such fabricated allegations.
;;0.4404;;in election modebefore embarking on his month-long rath yatra to various parts of the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis has asked his bureaucrats to walk the extra mile in order to effectively implement public welfare schemes at the ground level.
;;0.3612;;tree felling for metro 3: environment activists meet chief ministerchief minister devendrafadnavis has assured that a committee will be set up to look into the massive tree felling for the construction of metro 3.
;;0.2411;;it said chief minister devendrafadnavis should be congratulated for announcing a loan waiver without asking for a guarantee that farmers henceforth will not commit suicide.
;;0.34;;in a security breach, a two-wheeler entered the convoy of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and collided with one of the suvs at shegaon in buldhana district, around 560 kms from here, police said on sunday.
;;-0.34;;a biometric system used by the mumbai police, which has helped it crack 85 open cases of theft and break-ins and make 120 arrests during its one-year testing period, was formally launched by chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday.
;;0.0772;;(express photo by ganesh shirsekar)unhappy with chief minister devendrafadnavis clean chit to ministers battling graft allegations, legislators from the congress and nationalist congress party (ncp) monday raised an uproar in the upper house, demanding inquiries in all matters and resignations of the concerned ministers.
;;0.768;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said he had positive discussions with the centre over formulating a scheme to bring back farmers defaulting on loans, into the institutional credit system in such a way that investment in agriculture is not affected.
;;0.0;;in a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , the sp has sought his intervention in allotting a state government-owned bungalow suitable for the mayors stature.
;;0.1531;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had indicated that the loan waiver was to provide maximum benefit to small, marginal and needy farmers across the board.
;;-0.357;;chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday said several unlawful activities that were not in national interest had been cited against islamic preacher zakir naik in a report submitted by the mumbai police to the state government.
;;0.0;;gandhi has written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis asking him to fill the vacancies in the informationcommission in the state.
;;0.0;;the decision was announced by chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai sunday.
;;-0.4215;;(pti photo)lambasting chief minister devendrafadnavis for indulging in blatant lies, ncp leader ajit pawar ruled out the possibility of any truck with shiv sena.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis at a rally in pimpri chinchwad on thursday.
;;0.0;;(express photo by rajesh stephen) chief minister devendrafadnavis at a rally in pimpri chinchwad on thursday.
;;-0.0516;;(express photo by rajesh stephen)chief minister devendrafadnavis cancelled his rally here saturday afternoon after reaching the venue.
;;-0.4767;;amruta fadnavis, the banker wife of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , is set to walk the ramp with acid attack survivors.
;;-0.4767;;(source: pti photo) amruta fadnavis, the banker wife of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , is set to walk the ramp with acid attack survivors.
;;-0.4767;;(source: pti photo)amruta fadnavis, the banker wife of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , is set to walk the ramp with acid attack survivors.
;;0.5719;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and women and child welfare minister pankaja munde will be the guests of honour at the event.
;;0.2023;;to solve this issue, a joint meeting of chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister for railways piyush goyal took place in december 2018.
;;-0.5574;;advertisingaccording to sources, the mumbai south central mp had complained to chief minister devendrafadnavis and officials of the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) about his name being missing from the list of invitees.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis sanctioned the new 20-year development blueprint on tuesday.
;;0.296;;the loan waiver for marginal farmers, announced by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to end the farmers strike, will help farmers in western maharashtra the most.
;;0.0;;besides, chief minister devendrafadnavis has already said on saturday that the bjp would not take up the oppositions role, he said.
;;0.3612;;5 km, sources said that chief minister devendrafadnavis is keen to perform a bhoomipujan for a 11.
;;-0.0516;;chief minister devendrafadnavis cancelled his public rally in pune on saturday afternoon after reaching the venue.
;;0.0788;;(source: file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday warned that the administration will not tolerate attacks on police.
;;0.5423;;with congress poll managers opining that there is an urgent need to counter chief minister devendrafadnavis ongoing rath yatra, the party plans to organise issue-based gatherings aimed at countering the cms claims.
;;-0.3818;;elections to the cash-rich bmc and nine other civic bodies in maharashtra, which virtually turned into a battle of prestige for chief minister devendrafadnavis , heading the states first bjp-led government, and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, were held on tuesday.
;;-0.25;;deepak joshithere has been a split in the ranks of farmers over the decision to withdraw their agitation after a meeting with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis late on friday night.
;;0.0;;(express photo)a day after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis met prime minister narendra modi to apprise him of the political situation in the state, the shiv sena leadership has started preparations to herd all its corporators to an undisclosed location.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and the bmc tweeted requests to citizens to stay indoors considering the situation outside and the forecast for more rains through the day.
;;-0.5209;;most cases of hooliganism take place in nagpur city, the hometown of chief minister devendrafadnavis , he said.
;;0.4404;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has taken a good initiative through the jalyukt-shivar abhiyan, he said.
;;0.0;;while the states protocol department had received a total of nine applications for the election commissioners post, sources said that post retirement perk was already discussed between chief minister devendrafadnavis and madan before he stepped down from the chief secretarys position.
;;0.0;;new policy to expedite transfer of government land was formulated on a cabinet meeting chaired by maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(representational image) new policy to expedite transfer of government land was formulated on a cabinet meeting chaired by maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis on tuesday.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken in the weekly cabinet meeting chaired by the chief minister devendrafadnavis at mumbai.
;;0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , sources said, has already issued standing orders to all district collectors to ensure that highest priority is accorded to making drinking water and fodder available.
;;-0.3182;;chavan also alleged that chief minister devendrafadnavis has lost control of his cabinet which, he said, was made apparent from a twitter exchange between fadnavis and rural development minister pankaja munde.
;;0.0;;watch video: whats making newschief minister devendrafadnavis gave his nod to the proposal at the mmrdas board meeting earlier this month.
;;0.3612;;the series of mega-projects being pursued by chief minister devendrafadnavis in multiple sectors, like infrastructure, also makes us wonder how they would mobilise the funds.
;;0.5859;;the polls also hold special significance for maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who has already been projected by the ruling bjp as the face of its campaign for these elections.
;;0.0258;;maharashtra legislative council chairman ramraje naik nimbalkar monday directed chief minister devendrafadnavis to suspend three members of the caste validity committee,who have allegedly sought bribes from the corporators for giving them caste validity certificates.
;;-0.0516;;chief minister devendrafadnavis informed the legislature on thursday that in the past five years, there have been 16,000 farmers suicides despite writing off farm loans, and asked the opposition, who would guarantee that suicides will stop after another such scheme is implemented?
;;-0.802;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who had on thursday blamed the opposition for fuelling the crisis, invited the core committee members of the kkm for talks.
;;0.6705;;in the press conference, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the two parties would contest an equal number of seats and leave the remaining for other parties in the alliance.
;;0.5267;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday inducted maval mla sanjay alias bala bhegade as a minister of state (mos) into the expanded cabinet, and offered olive branches to mlas laxman jagtap and mahesh landge, who were ignored in the recent rejig, with a promise of justice in his next tenure.
;;-0.0516;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis all along supported the mumbai-based wrestler and tweeted this after the nada ruling: we always knew that #narsinghyadav was being victimised.
;;0.4019;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday sought financial support from the centre for completion of 107 irrigation projects in drought-prone vidarbha and marathwada region of state.
;;0.5859;;the sharad pawar-led party also dared maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to accept the demand of bjp legislator mangal prabhat lodha to demolish the jinnah house, once the mumbai residence of pakistans founder.
;;0.0;;ahead of elections to the state legislative assembly in october this year, chief minister devendrafadnavis has already indicated that an extension of the 2017-18 loan waiver may be inevitable.
;;0.0;;following this, chief minister devendrafadnavis had asked the dgps office to probe the allegations made by mujawar.
;;0.0;;(file)once a project is sanctioned, prime minister narendra modi does not let the concerned ministers and officers sleep till it is completed, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday.
;;-0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has dropped a multi-crore welfare scheme to offer mediclaim and personal accident insurance to construction workers after the state bureaucracy flagged off irregularities in the appointment of a consultant and a contractor for the scheme.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis makes an aerial survey of flood hit areas in raigad, maharashtra on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis makes an aerial survey of flood hit areas in raigad, maharashtra on wednesday.
;;-0.8176;;(source: pti)shiv sena on saturday took potshots at maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis over the mahad tragedy, saying he should stop aerial visits to mishap sites and demanded guardian ministers be barred from flying inside the state to understand its road and bridge conditions.
;;0.0;;a delegation of farmers under the aegis of kisan kranti morcha had held a meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday to break the impasse.
;;0.4215;;mahalaxmi express train: at least 1,000 passengers, including nine pregnant women, have been rescued from the mahalaxmi express stranded near vangani in thane district due to water logging on tracks following heavy rains, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis confirmed on saturday.
;;0.7878;;(file photo)there is nothing wrong with politicians and the corporate sector working together provided they keep the principle of nation first in mind and not use the nexus to serve their vested interests, said chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday while sharing the dais with ratan tata, former chairman of the tata groups, in mumbai.
;;0.3818;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday said development of backward vidarbha and marathwada is integral for the overall growth of the state.
;;0.128;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: pti/file) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: pti/file)chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday said the loan waiver promised by the state government was the biggest ever, even as the farmers agitation in the state continued for the sixth day.
;;-0.128;;responding to the senas demand, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said that he had called for a report from the aurangabad divisional commissioner on the sector-wise allocation of water to industrial companies.
;;0.5106;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray on wednesday maintained that the bjp-sena alliance was going strong and its victory was imminent in the state polls.
;;0.4019;;meanwhile, parab, while speaking to reporters here, alleged that chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, has given orders to all police stations to support bjp candidates.
;;0.0;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday appointed sampada mehta, a 2008-batch ias officer, as the new mumbai (island city) collector.
;;0.4215;;chief minister devendrafadnavis described the electoral outcome as the peoples unwavering faith in modis leadership.
;;-0.0644;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , in his condolence message, said, i am saddened by the demise of former maharashtra dgp suryakantji jog, not only known for good policing but also for his work on water conservation.
;;-0.2263;;(file photo)congress general secretary digvijay singh today said maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had stopped thinking of the prime minister narendra modi as a marketable face after the demonetisation.
;;0.0;;addressing a press conference here, singh said in mumbai, bjp campaign posters were 80 percent chief minister devendrafadnavis and 20 percent prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.1169;;pti photomaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said a probe would be ordered into the allegations that rural development department had issued work orders worth rs 255 crore without following proper tendering process during 2016-17.
;;0.0;;although sena did not name chief minister devendrafadnavis , thackerays comments were directed to him, as he holds the home ministry portfolio.
;;0.0;;a senior bjp leader said: we have an able chief minister in devendrafadnavis who will give befitting reply at an appropriate time.
;;0.0;;during a roadshow in ncp chief sharad pawars home turf on saturday, chief minister devendrafadnavis said that baramati was all set for parivartan.
;;-0.0516;;mopalwar has been on leave since august, when chief minister devendrafadnavis removed him from his post as the vice-chairman and managing director of the maharashtra state road development corporation (msrdc).
;;-0.4215;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis criticised the judiciary on the floor of the state legislative assembly on thursday.
;;0.5719;;bjp president amit shah congratulated maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and state unit chief raosaheb patil danve for the unprecedented success.
;;0.4019;;the senas softened stand on the bjp comes a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis spoke to the party chief uddhav thackeray and sought continuation of negotiations on alliance.
;;0.0;;prabhu also said he had detailed discussion with chief minister devendrafadnavis and with the co-ordination of the state government, his ministry was moving ahead with the integrated transportation system.
;;0.5859;;(file)hailing the bjps performance in recently-held elections in three north-eastern states, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said the party will register victory in poll-bound karnataka as well.
;;0.0;;reacting to pawars allegations, chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday called it baseless.
;;0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday conveyed that the government is positive to all the demands made by the akhil bharatiya kisan sabha, which has organised the long farmers march.
;;-0.296;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday ordered an inquiry into irregularities in the slum rehabilitation scheme (srs) following a complaint received on the lokshahi din.
;;0.0;;b'national conference working president omar abdullah national conference working president omar abdullaha day before mehbooba mufti takes oath as jammu & kashmir chief minister, omar abdullah on sunday took a jab at the pdp-bjp alliance after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis reignited the nationalism debate.
;;0.8402;;maharashtra is poised to become a trillion-dollar economy by 2025 with the support of good governance and robust policies, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday at the india economic summit 2018.
;;0.0;;sawant claimed chief minister devendrafadnavis headed one of the committees of the organisation.
;;0.3182;;on saturday, two days after the festival, bjps mumbai city chief ashish shelar wrote to chief minister devendrafadnavis demanding that cases of culpable homicide slapped on some of the organisers and dahi handi mandals for flouting norms be withdrawn.
;;0.3182;;we have just named dp world-virgin hyperloop one consortium as the original project proponent for the mumbai-pune hyperloop project and preparing to start the public procurement process, the release quoted chief minister devendrafadnavis as saying.
;;0.3612;;5 km, sources said that chief minister devendrafadnavis is keen to perform a bhoomipujan for a 11.
;;0.0;;5 per cent and most states are pushing for capping the rate at 18 per cent on goods and services, chief minister devendrafadnavis dropped indications that maharashtra might just press for a higher rate of tax.
;;0.4404;;the panel includes maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis , jharkhand cm raghubar das and vinay sahasrabudhe, in charge of the bjps national good governance cell, which organised the conclave.
;;0.0;;the constable lalita salve, who now prefers to be called lalit, had met chief minister devendrafadnavis in march in this regard and was awaiting the state governments permission to undergo the surgery.
;;0.0;;i met chief minister devendrafadnavis on march 21 in connection with my case.
;;0.0;;on august 31, 2015, chief minister devendrafadnavis had sanctioned a housing scheme for serving judges on a 32,300-sq ft plot in oshiwara, following a request made in this regard by the proposed cooperative housing society of judges.
;;0.0;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis reviews preparations for the bjps foundation day conclave, scheduled for april 6, at bandra kurla complex in mumbai on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(express photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis reviews preparations for the bjps foundation day conclave, scheduled for april 6, at bandra kurla complex in mumbai on tuesday.
;;0.0;;to begin with, chief minister devendrafadnavis distributed 428 specially designed tabs to food and drug (f&d) inspectors for collecting online data during field visits.
;;-0.802;;(file)chief minister devendrafadnavis has ordered a probe into the incident in aurangabad in which a railway police head constable, rahul kamble, lost his life after a teachers protest turned violent and led to stone-pelting on tuesday.
;;0.0258;;citing the smog scare in delhi, gadkari asked maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and the state machinery to ensure the countrys financial capital is protected, especially from water and air pollution.
;;-0.0772;;the incident created tension as it took place a day before chief minister devendrafadnavis visit to akola as part of his mahajanadesh yatra programme.
;;0.6597;;watch what else is making news:taking a cue from chief minister devendrafadnavis address to bjp party workers at a meeting in thane, in which he talked about transparency in civic administration, shelar also emphasised on the need for a transparent governance in bmc and announced that the party has begun drafting the manifesto for pardarshi (transparent) mumbai, a bjp leader said.
;;0.0;;the government, however, has stated it would consider the proposal, with chief minister devendrafadnavis asking the cultural affairs department to look into the request and submit a proposal regarding it.
;;0.7579;;to fast-track drought relief and mitigation projects, chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday wrote to the chief election commissioner seeking relaxation in the model code of conduct as elections for all 48 lok sabha seats in the state were over.
;;0.0;;there were rumours in the city that chief minister devendrafadnavis had promisedsupport to the school run by the dardas.
;;0.0;;in his speeches, chief minister devendrafadnavis has maintained, mumbai is bjps janmabhoomi (land of birth) and my karmabhoomi (land of duty).
;;0.0;;earlier, on march 28, chief minister devendrafadnavis had defended nilangekar in the legislative assembly stating that he was just a guarantor for the loan and the ots was done as per rbi guidelines.
;;-0.1436;;b'radheshyam mopalwar (express photo) radheshyam mopalwar (express photo)four months after a committee appointed by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis cleared maharashtra state road development corporation (msrdc) vice-chairman and md radheshyam mopalwar of graft allegations, it emerges that the committee did not get original clips of an audio purportedly containing the 1995-batch ias officers phone conversations with a middleman.
;;0.0;;with the states full budget for 2019-20 to be placed before the state legislature during the monsoon session, chief minister devendrafadnavis is expected to soon nominate a full-time secretary, confirmed sources.
;;0.0;;if the sources are to be believed, once the model code of conduct is lifted, chief minister devendrafadnavis will carry out a major rejig among ips officers.
;;0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday gave an approval for the setting up of a mumbai haat exclusively for marketing products made by women self-help groups.
;;-0.4939;;(file photo)the shiv sena today claimed that maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis violated the code of conduct by giving interviews to media outlets after the end campaigning for local body polls, and filed a complaint which is being examined by the state election commission (sec).
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the government will give rs 5 lakh to the kin of the deceased.
;;0.2732;;modi was accompanied by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , governor k vidyasagar rao, union roads and highways minister nitin gadkari, union law minister ravi shankar prasad, union power minister piyush goyal, union hrd minister prakash javadekar and state energy minister chandrashekhar bawankule among others.
;;-0.3818;;the elections have turned into a battle of prestige for chief minister devendrafadnavis who is heading the states first bjp-led government, and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray.
;;-0.2235;;bjp wont join hands with congressmaharashtra chief minister maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis .
;;0.0;;the directives had reportedly come late in the day after chief minister devendrafadnavis had dashed to the constituency to address election rallies on the last day of the campaign.
;;0.0;;(file) the directives had reportedly come late in the day after chief minister devendrafadnavis had dashed to the constituency to address election rallies on the last day of the campaign.
;;0.0;;previously, the directives had reportedly come late in the day after chief minister devendrafadnavis had dashed to the constituency to address election rallies on the last day of the campaign.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis wasnt available for comment.
;;0.0;;at the cabinet meeting, chief minister devendrafadnavis urged officials to expedite the housing projects area-wise.
;;-0.7003;;the aircraft accident investigation bureau (aaib) committee, probing the chopper crash of chief minister devendrafadnavis at latur last month submitted its preliminary report on the case last week.
;;0.1531;;as embarrassment for the party mounts, the top leadership has left it to chief minister devendrafadnavis to chart the next course of action.
;;0.25;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , in september last year, directed mumbai municipal commissioner ajoy mehta to examine whether heritage tdr could be sanctioned for the property and to further determine the extent to which it could be granted, if admissible.
;;0.2732;;also read: amid cabinet reshuffle buzz, fadnavis, gadkari meet bhagwatinterestingly, in nagpur, the headquarters of the rss, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis as well as union minister nitin gadkari separately met with organisation chief mohan bhagwat.
;;0.0;;asked why the sena has put chief minister devendrafadnavis on notice period instead of just quitting the government, he said, mumbai polls and zilla parishad polls are coming.
;;-0.0772;;the precondition, imposed by the general administration department headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis , comes four months after an incident involving pulling down of a statue of marathi poet and playwright ram ganesh gadkari at punes shambhaji udyan.
;;0.7783;;justice pradeep nandrajog was sworn in as the new chief justice of the bombay high court by governor vidyasagar rao, in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis , at raj bhavan on sunday.
;;0.1027;;shah, along with chief minister devendrafadnavis , reached matoshree around 7.
;;0.0772;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)each property in maharashtras cities and towns will soon have a unique identification number.
;;0.0;;to bring more properties under the property tax net, chief minister devendrafadnavis urban development department has decided to implement a gis-enabled tax tracking system across all cities on a priority basis.
;;-0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday cancelled the final lap of his mahajanadesh yatra, scheduled for dhule and nandurbar on august 9, due to the grave flood situation in kolhapur and sangli districts.
;;0.5267;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/files) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/files)ahead of the bjp rally in the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said that the objective is to display the vastness of the party and inculcate confidence in grassroot workers for the big battle ahead (elections) in maharashtra and india.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendra modi will address a public rally in nashik on september 19, on the concluding day of chief minister devendrafadnavis three-phase mahajanadesh yatra.
;;0.6369;;efficient waste management systems and cleaner transport facilities were the top agenda, said svedling who engaged in a policy dialogue with chief minister devendrafadnavis and environment minister ramdas kadam.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)maharashtra government will soon initiate a pension scheme for journalists in the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis told the legislative council on friday.
;;-0.5719;;(file)the mumbai unit of the congress on wednesday alleged a scam in expenses on tea served at chief minister devendrafadnavis office and claimed that there has been an unusual rise in the amount spent on it.
;;-0.25;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday termed lynching an inhuman act and called for stern action against perpetrators of such crimes.
;;0.4588;;all bjp posters have chief minister devendrafadnavis accompanying a smiling pm narendra modi reminding voters about corruption-free (cashless too?
;;0.25;;0, where the city is poised to emerge as the next big thing in the start-up world, writes chief minister devendrafadnavis , in the foreword of the report.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken in mumbai on wednesday at a meeting between chief minister devendrafadnavis and singapores minister for industry and commerce, s iswaran.
;;0.5994;;expressfacing opposition from farmers over acquisition of land for the proposed mumbai-nagpur super expressway corridor, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday rolled out a bouquet of options for farmers and landowners whose plots are proposed to be acquired for setting up an international airport near pune.
;;0.0;;released in february last year, the video has a song sung by amruta fadnavis, the wife of chief minister devendrafadnavis , along with singer sonu nigam.
;;-0.6908;;(express photo by nirmal harindran)the war of words between chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray continued on sunday over the controversial audio clip.
;;0.5719;;the bjp owes its success in large measure to the leadership of chief minister devendrafadnavis , who spearheaded the campaign in the state.
;;0.5719;;(file photo) the bjp owes its success in large measure to the leadership of chief minister devendrafadnavis , who spearheaded the campaign in the state.
;;0.5719;;watch video | a quick look at final tally of bmc election & pmc election results 2017the bjp owes its success in large measure to the leadership of chief minister devendrafadnavis , who spearheaded the campaign in the state.
;;-0.6997;;the thought of 55 per cent households living in rural areas with no access to toilets was very disturbing, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said while maintaining that all resources and manpower were pooled to build the toilets.
;;0.0;;the gruelling campaign for civic polls in mumbai and nine other cities across maharashtra ended this evening, with the bjp shiv sena rift casting a shadow over the stability of the devendrafadnavis government.
;;0.0516;;allegations and counter-allegations flew thick all through the run-up for the election, which has virtually turned into a battle of prestige for chief minister devendrafadnavis , heading the states first bjp-led government, and sena chief uddhav thackeray, who led the front from their respective camps.
;;0.296;;the loan waiver to marginal farmers announced by chief minister devendrafadnavis to end the farmers strike would help farmers in western maharashtra the most.
;;-0.4404;;pti photoattacking the shiv sena, which is in power in thane municipal corporation (tmc), chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said the city has become a hell as it lacks basic amenities and is grappling with corruption and other issues, as those at the helm of affairs here were only interested in commission.
;;-0.128;;the indian medical association (ima) had earlier called off its indefinite strike after chief minister devendrafadnavis conceded to a majority of its demands.
;;0.0772;;ncp spokesman nawab malik had also tweeted on december 7 that maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis wants prime minister narendra modi to head a civic authority formed for the development of mumbai city.
;;0.0;;however, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted that the idea behind the civic panel headed by prime minister modi is to facilitate co-ordination between various central ministries and the state to develop mumbai, which indias financial capital into a global commercial hub by 2019.
;;-0.1027;;most of maharashtra leaders, including chief minister devendrafadnavis , former chief minister late vilasrao deshmukh and former president pratibha patil used to pay obeisance to him.
;;-0.128;;during the ongoing farmers strike, chief minister devendrafadnavis , while expressing concern about dairy farmers, had said: the government believes they deserve higher remuneration.
;;-0.5859;;the call for mondays bandh had been given by a section of farmer leaders unhappy with the decision of the kisan kranti morcha to call off their agitation after a meeting with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis last friday.
;;-0.34;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , obviously under instructions, offered relatively insignificant portfolios to the sena.
;;0.2325;;advertisingwar roomwith a lot at stake in the upcoming assembly polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis does not want to leave anything to chance.
;;0.0;;purohit has also written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis asking for his immediate intervention.
;;0.8519;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has set a great example by opening the assembly premises for farmers markets and assuring the availability of school/college premises during holidays.
;;0.3612;;chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday reiterated that the bjps transparency plank to weed out corruption and bring greater accountability was applicable to entire maharashtra.
;;-0.3612;;at an internal meeting to discuss the farmers strike, chief minister devendrafadnavis expressed concern stating that the protest would thwart the developmental programmes undertaken for the farmers.
;;0.6369;;the state government had initially clubbed both pune and pimpri-chinchwadas a single urban conglomeration the state government had initially clubbed both pune and pimpri-chinchwadas a single urban conglomerationon december 30 last year, chief minister devendrafadnavis had taken to twitter to thank prime minister narendra modi and union urban development minister venkaiah naidu for the inclusion of pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation (pcmc) in the smart cities mission.
;;0.0;;union minister for environment, forests and climate change prakash javadekar friday held discussions with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and other officials on environment and forest-related issues in the state.
;;0.4404;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , however, told the assembly today that all of them are safe.
;;0.802;;taking a step forward towards the development of kalyan-dombivli as a smart city and unveiled the governments plan, chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said, smart cities cannot be a reality unless it is adequately backed by smart planning.
;;0.0;;(express photo/ganesh shirsekar )on june 17 last year, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis office deposited rs 90,000 in the official bank account of a heart hospital in mumbai.
;;-0.5584;;despite recurring droughts and a severe water crisis in marathwada and vidarbha, maharashtra remained a most favoured destination for investors, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday while launching mission drinking water.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis told the state assembly that the government will urge the centre to consider its proposal.
;;0.296;;when contacted, bjp spokesperson keshav upadhaye said patil will join the bjp in presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai today.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis chief minister devendrafadnavis bombay development directorate (bdd) chawls redevelopment work spread across 92.
;;-0.3818;;86 acres and costing rs 16,000 crore was inaugurated by chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday.
;;-0.0772;;the budget session of the maharashtra legislature begins here today and is expected to be a smooth sailing affair for the devendrafadnavis government after the bjp averted a face-off with sparring ally shiv sena over the mumbai mayors post.
;;0.0;;discussion on the governors address will take place on march 8 and 9, followed by chief minister devendrafadnavis reply, he said.
;;0.0772;;advertisingat a meeting held in mumbai, chief minister devendrafadnavis also said that the decrease in medical seats in open category due to reservation for various social communities in the state will be compensated by increasing the number of seats.
;;-0.5267;;a farmer committed suicide even as chief minister devendrafadnavis visited chandrapur, he said.
;;0.2516;;emphasising the urgent need to reduce vehicular population on city roads by strengthening the eco-friendly public transport system, chief minister devendrafadnavis said saturday that if the number of vehicles continued to grow unabated, pune, the educational and cultural capital of india, will soon get a new identity  most polluted city of the country.
;;0.0;;he added, we request the state government and particularly chief minister devendrafadnavis to take this up and file an appeal at the appropriate forum.
;;0.2023;;chief minister devendrafadnavis later apologised over the incident and demanded strict action against those responsible for the lapse.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had in the past pitched for the bullet train to halt at nashik, saying it would boost development of the north maharashtra region, especially its tribal belt.
;;0.5719;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)basking in bjps success in the civic and zilla parishad polls, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday paid floral tributes to chhatrapati shivaji maharaj at the raigad fort this morning.
;;0.6705;;almost immediately after the bill was approved, chief minister devendrafadnavis had justified the decision.
;;-0.8834;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis maharashtra government is set to enforce a five-year ban on sanctioning new sugar mills in the drought-hit marathwada region, which is facing a severe drinking water crisis.
;;-0.5574;;at a core committee meeting of cabinet ministers led by chief minister devendrafadnavis , it was decided to ban new sugar mills in marathwada, which comprises eight districts  aurangabad, jalna, beed, parbhani, latur, hingoli, osmanabad and nanded.
;;0.743;;im going to write to chief minister devendrafadnavis on may 2 and would urge him to behave like a government head and not like a leader of the bjp favouring his partymen, said saptrashi.
;;0.2732;;activist-turned-politician maruti bhapkar, one of the campaigners, had sent a petition earlier this month to chief minister devendrafadnavis to keep his word of ensuring transparency in civic functioning.
;;0.6597;;at the bjps core committee meeting held on thursday, chief minister devendrafadnavis outlined the partys political achievements and also focused on greater administrative challenges ahead.
;;0.296;;earlier, he had met chief minister devendrafadnavis and there was speculation he might join the bjp.
;;-0.4588;;since gavit is staring at defeat, chief minister devendrafadnavis , his uttar pradesh counterpart yogi adityanath, and the central and state ministers are camping in palghar, he said.
;;-0.4939;;(source: file photo)a day after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis hit out at the former bjp ally for alleged extortion, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray hit back and said there was a fear among many that fadnavis had become the cm of goons.
;;0.2732;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis chief minister devendrafadnavis state government is working on a draft proposal to segregate and shift agriculture feeders from coal-based power to solar energy through a long-term policy aimed at making both agriculture and industries financially sustainable.
;;0.2732;;chief minister devendrafadnavis at a meeting suggested, the process of shifting agriculture power to solar energy in a phased manner should be taken up keeping in mind the 15 to 20 years horizon.
;;0.0;;in what is likely to be the last reshuffle-cum-expansion before the maharashtra assembly elections, chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday expanded his cabinet adding 12 new ministers.
;;0.0;;co/hanpaxsoxs  devendrafadnavis (@dev_fadnavis) june 16, 2019maharashtra housing minister prakash mehta and five other state ministers quit their posts, an official in the chief ministers office (cmo) told pti.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken at the cabinet meeting led by chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday night.
;;-0.8225;;mans is planning to start a social media campaign tagging maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and prime minister narendra modi to demand the arrest of the mastermind behind dabholkars murder.
;;-0.128;;the shiv sena has already urged chief minister devendrafadnavis to consider its demand for crop loan waiver.
;;0.4019;;the mlas joined the ruling party in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis and state bjp unit president chandrakant patil on wednesday morning.
;;0.0;;watch what else is making newspansare joined bjp in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai on late sunday evening.
