;;0.2023;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had then indicated that the decision regarding alliance would be made at the top level.
;;0.6124;;the bombay high court stepped in to end the stir and directed the resident doctors to resume work immediately even as chief minister devendrafadnavis mooted a panel to resolve security issues in state-run hospitals.
;;-0.5267;;chief minister devendrafadnavis should take suo-moto note and move the motion for suspension of paricharak, said congress leader ashok alias bhai jagtap, while senior sena mlc dr neelam gorhe said that all women members of the council were hurt by paricharaks remarks.
;;0.0;;after the buldhana incident, chief minister devendrafadnavis had ordered setting up of the committees that would visit aided and unaided ashram shalas to identify the state of affairs.
;;0.7845;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra is ready to help jammu and kashmir if it wants to organise an investment summit here post scrapping of its special status and reorganisation, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on monday.
;;0.1531;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis was among the dignitaries who paid homage at the 26/11 police memorial site at the mumbai police gymkhana in south mumbai.
;;0.6124;;mumbai: the bombay high court today asked striking resident doctors in maharashtra to resume work immediately while chief minister devendrafadnavis appealed to them to call of the four-day stir, assuring security in hospitals.
;;0.0;;patil, who headed a high-powered committee set up by chief minister devendrafadnavis , was speaking to reporters after holding discussions with farmer leaders here today.
;;0.2263;;the 51-year-old actor hailed the efforts of chief minister devendrafadnavis to make the state drought-free.
;;0.3612;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had promised rs 6,500 crore to kalyan-dombivli municipal corporation.
;;-0.6124;;the heavy downpour also forced maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to cancel his scheduled ground breaking function of construction of a new building for mlas.
;;-0.5423;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday laid the foundation stone of a 10- storeyed complex in bandra which will house a state-of-the-art cyber crime lab, a police station, a training centre along with flats for senior police personnel.
;;0.0;;by ptinagpur: more than one maharashtrians would occupy the prime minister's post by 2050, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here friday.
;;0.296;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has reportedly made the congress' demand for leader of opposition status to party mla vijay wadettiwar 'conditional'.
;;0.2732;;the official from the chief minister's office said maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday spoke to his karnataka counterpart b s yediyurappa, who agreed to release five lakh cusecs water from almatti dam in karnataka.
;;0.5106;;the stakes are high for chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, who have led their respective parties from the front and were involved in a high decibel and no holds barred campaign relegating the opposition congress and ncp to the background.
;;0.3182;;the election result for asia's largest civic body which has been run by the shiv sena supported by the bjp for the last two decades will decide the fate of the devendrafadnavis government.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had recently declared that construction of the road will begin in october this year and would be completed within the next three years.
;;0.396;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced the bjp would neither field its nominee in the mayoral poll, nor would it demand chairmanship of standing committee or improvements committee in the civic body, paving the way for sena to install its nominee as the mayor.
;;0.5859;;one of the resolutions passed during the nashik meeting said that maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis should implement the farmers' demands instead of just giving assurances.
;;0.7003;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has promised to fulfil our demands of providing adequate security.
;;-0.4215;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today met ruchita sinha, the mother of 10-month-old girl, who was kicked at and beaten up at a creche in navi mumbai.
;;0.3182;;he also criticised chief minister devendrafadnavis for not taking action against the mns leaders who yesterday said the party workers would disrupt shooting of films engaging pakistani artists.
;;0.736;;abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on friday said he had asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to finalise senas list of nominees, but later sought to play down the worries over little progress in seat-sharing talks with ally bharatiya janata party for the forthcoming state polls.
;;-0.296;;supriya sule should stop using chief minister devendrafadnavis for establishing her leadership in the ncp.
;;0.5106;;also read | ncp leader performs 'havan' to dissuade leaders from ditching partychief minister devendrafadnavis had assured him that he would get all help to solve the problems of his constituency, he said.
;;-0.6249;;earlier, a rift developed among agitators as a group of farmers decided to call off the protest after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a partial loan waiver for small and marginal farmers on june 3.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said marathas will be provided reservations over and above the existing 52 per cent quota.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday visited the flood-affected kolhapur and sangli, to take stock of the situation.
;;-0.3612;;mumbai: describing the attitude of striking doctors as adamant and insensitive, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today warned of legal action and gave them an ultimatum to resume duties after his meet with their representatives later this afternoon.
;;0.0;;mahajan said despite the high court directive and appeal by chief minister devendrafadnavis , the doctors have not yielded.
;;0.4019;;on sunday, opposition parties boycotted the customary tea party hosted by chief minister devendrafadnavis on the eve of the interim budget session.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra congress president ashok chavan friday accused chief minister devendrafadnavis of personally calling up congress mlas and asking them to join the bjp.
;;0.0;;bjp chief amit shah, during his recent visit to the city, had told chief minister devendrafadnavis that he wanted alliance with the sena, the minister said.
;;-0.3182;;athawale said he would meet maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on the issue of rpi being ignored in the bjp-sena alliance.
;;0.25;;athawale said he met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and suggested that the bjp and shiv sena should have a chance at the post of mayor and deputy mayor for a term of two-and-a-half years each.
;;-0.3182;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday ordered a probe and the union labour ministry had announced compensation for the victims.
;;-0.2382;;there is also considerable speculation whether maharashtra would opt for simultaneous lok sabha and assembly elections -- though categorically denied by chief minister devendrafadnavis -- but nobody from the bjp has commented.
;;-0.765;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday came under fire after a video of four members of a ganesh utsav mandal trying to drown a policeman by pushing him into a lake went viral, with shiv sena president uddhav thackeray reiterating his demand for a separate home minister and the opposition leader calling for a white paper on the law and order situation in the state.
;;0.5423;;maurya based his optimism on the state natives' understanding and realisation that prime minister narendra modi and state chief minister devendrafadnavis need each other for the development of the country and the state.
;;0.3384;;the people of maharashtra know it very well that maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis needs prime minister modi for development of maharashtra and the prime minister too wants to have fadnavis there, he said.
;;-0.5859;;in a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , maharashtra congress general secretary sachin sawant said, the current situation in kolhapur, sangli and other parts of the state needs to be categorised as 'l3', as per guidelines of the national disaster management authority (ndma).
;;0.4588;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had told reporters in akola on wednesday that his government would complete all legal formalities by the end of november to grant reservations to the maratha community.
;;0.6705;;by ptijalna: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis monday said the bjp's alliance with the shiv sena for the upcoming lok sabha elections is certain and all internal differences will be resolved by the two parties.
;;-0.128;;speaking to the new indian express, he clarified, saying, our ministers met chief minister devendrafadnavis to demand crop loan waiver.
;;0.8481;;chavan slammed maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis for giving media interviews to celebrate his government's four years in power (on october 31), asking him to personally supervise relief work for the drought-affected regions.
;;0.8225;;by ptidhule: people of maharashtra are in favour of the bjp and its alliance, which will secure a big majority in the forthcoming assembly polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis expressed confidence here on friday.
;;0.0;;maharashtra's chief minister devendrafadnavis at his official residence in mumbai.
;;-0.3182;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had tuesday ordered a probe into the incident and the union labour ministry had announced compensation for the victims.
;;-0.5574;;abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: maharashtra government has initiated the process to withdraw cases filed during maratha agitation and bhima koregaon violence, chief minister devendrafadnavis assured the state legislature on friday.
;;-0.5423;;questioning if the minister was on tourism, the ncp asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to seek resignation of the insensitive water resources minister.
;;-0.128;;speaking to reporters on the eve of the monsoon session of the assembly, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, we have tried to strike a regional balance.
;;0.4939;;on the other hand, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who addressed the newly elected bjp corporators on monday, told them that they should try to change the system instead of being a part of it.
;;0.7906;;in the resolution passed on the welfare of farmers moved by union minister and senior party leader rajnath singh and seconded by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , the party lauded the modi-led government's policy-based, holistic approach to agricultural growth and farmers' welfare.
;;-0.3612;;(file | pti)mumbai: resident doctors, who had resorted to protests after incidents of patients relatives beating them, declined to back-off even after directives by the bombay high court and assurances by chiefminister devendrafadnavis on thursday.
;;-0.4767;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis will next week resume his 'mahajanadesh yatra', which he suspended in view of the floods battering parts of the state, a bjp functionary said on wednesday.
;;0.3182;;after the commission submitted its report to the government last week, chief minister devendrafadnavis had hinted that the demand for quota would be fulfilled.
;;0.0;;shinde said they had sent around 20,000 postcards to chief minister devendrafadnavis earlier this month, announcing the march.
;;0.128;;chief minister devendrafadnavis launched party's poll campaign in the state at a massive public rally at nigdi near pune.
;;0.7184;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday made it clear that the bjp would not field its candidate in the election for any of the posts in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), giving shiv sena a chance to have a complete hold on the civic body.
;;0.0;;he also took a swipe at maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis who is currently in uttar pradesh.
;;0.2732;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis will launch 'chief minister employment generation' programme, which aims to create 10 lakh jobs in state over the next five years, on tuesday.
;;-0.4939;;chief minister devendrafadnavis yesterday had accused the opposition ncp and the congress of instigating farmers while expressing willingness to hold talks with the agitators.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, yoga guru baba ramdev performed yoga along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and his followers in nanded.
;;0.0;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said farm loan waiver in the year 2008 barely helped 30-40 per cent farmers.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis signed the file on mullick early this morning, an official from the cmo said.
;;0.3182;;vikhe patil also hit out at chief minister devendrafadnavis over the issue of granting reservation to the dhangar (shepherd) community under the scheduled tribe (st) category.
;;0.4019;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had a 40-minute long meeting with shah in delhi on monday wherein shah gave the directions, said party sources.
;;-0.2263;;the official said by friday evening, the discharge would be 5 lakh cusecs as demanded by chief minister devendrafadnavis from his karnataka counterpart b s yediyurappa.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: anti-corruption crusader anna hazare ended his indefinite fast on its seventh day on tuesday after over six-hour-long meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis and union agriculture minister radha mohan singh.
;;0.0;;the meeting here comes two days after bhosale, who is a descendant of warrior king chhatrapati shivaji maharaj, met chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai.
;;0.4404;;recently, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and finance minister sudhir mungantiwar have expressed hope the sena will tie up with the bjp for the 2019 assembly and lok sabha elections.
;;0.2023;;in december last year, mscw chairperson vijaya rahatkar had written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis and recommended about a dozen measures to empower farmers' widows.
;;0.5696;;also read: leave alliance issue to me: uddhav thackeray tells shiv sena mpshowever, countering sena's claim of being the big brother, chief minister devendrafadnavis , while speaking at the valedictory function of a day-long meeting of the state working committee of the bjp in jalna, hit back saying his party was not seeking a tie-up desperately.
;;-0.296;;addressing a press conference here, chief minister devendrafadnavis said a committee will ascertain causes for the unprecedented floods and suggest measures to avoid their recurrence.
;;-0.6324;;thackeray had also said if chief minister devendrafadnavis backed mungantiwar saying he could not be held responsible for the killing, why did prime minister narendra modi take credit for the surgical strike, when the pm had not himself conducted it.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis is in delhi for niti aayog meeting.
;;-0.5627;;despite assurance from maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on enhancing security for doctors in hospitals and the bombay high court's order to resume work immediately, over 4000 protesting doctors refused to resume their services yesterday.
;;-0.0516;;a delegation of protesting farmers met chief minister devendrafadnavis to discuss their demands and called off their protest after receiving a positive response from the government, a member of the team said.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis won't be attending the meet, the 92nd akhil bharatiya marathi sahitya sammelan.
;;0.0;;taking a jibe at bjp's transparency poll plank, thackeray asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to explain to people how he occupied the constitutional post when he did not have sufficient numbers post 2014 maharashtra assembly polls.
;;0.5423;;there were claims and counter-claims between the maharashtra housing development authority (mhada) and the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) regarding the structure throughout the day even as chief minister devendrafadnavis said the first priority is to save lives.
;;-0.5267;;right now we are focusing on rescuing trapped people, said chief minister devendrafadnavis after the cabinet meeting.
;;0.0;;the urgency was in evidence in the barnstorming by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, as each of them logged four rallies a day.
;;0.7351;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and chuck robbins, ceo, cisco, launching the cisco\'s pune manufacturing unit, in mumbai on october 12 (ians)pune: keeping with its promise to be part of prime minister narendra modi's 'make in india' and 'digital india' initiatives, global networking giant cisco on wednesday launched its manufacturing operations in pune and announced it would build nagpur as smart city with its next-gen solutions.
;;0.6597;;investments promised for infra projectsa 10-day tour by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to the uae, the us and canada sent in good news for mumbaikars.
;;0.8591;;mumbai: riding high on the victory in the recent civic polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis profusely thanked the people of maharashtra for reposing their trust in the bjp, terming the results as a trust wave, even as the opposition congress and ncp are contemplating on a no-trust motion against his government.
;;0.6705;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said the state government is committed to stand by the sugar mills in the state and will extend all the possible support.
;;0.0;;by animumbai: karnataka government has released 2,20,000 cusecs of water from almatti dam on sunday after chief minister devendrafadnavis requested for the same.
;;-0.296;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, in view of the heavy rainfall, the maharashtra government requested the karnataka government to release water from almatti dam to avoid the flood-like situation in kolhapur region.
;;0.5423;;he said that a party delegation met chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday and demanded a special session of the state legislature to discuss the demands of marathas.
;;-0.4588;;(file | pti)mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said if a doctor is attacked on duty, he will be given medical aid borne by the government.
;;0.0;;by express news servicehyderabad: as part of the bharatiya janata partys blitzkrieg against congress allegations of impropriety in the rafale deal, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis addressed a press conference at the partys office in nampally.
;;-0.25;;among those who expressed concern was shiv sena member sanjay raut, who said the daredevilry of the culprits behind the racket has to be observed as the leak happened in goa, from where then defence minister manohar parrikar hails, and nagpur where maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis belongs.
;;0.0;;i will meet pune district's superintendent of police tomorrow and if need be, i will also meet chief minister devendrafadnavis and ask him about his control over the police department, pawar said.
;;0.2732;;sule's campaign comes even as ncp is presently carrying out its 'shivswarajya yatra', a pre-poll outreach campaign akin to 'maha janadesh yatra' of chief minister devendrafadnavis and 'jan ashirwad yatra' of shiv sena leader aaditya thackeray.
;;0.5106;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said his government will last the full term and expressed confidence that bjp will come to power in the mumbai civic body.
;;-0.25;;by ptimumbai: a farmer from maharashtra's ahmednagar district has sent a money order of rs 6 to chief minister devendrafadnavis to mark his protest against crashing prices of onions and paltry returns.
;;0.0516;;by ptinew delhi: the supreme court thursday issued a notice to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on a plea seeking annulment of his election to the state assembly for alleged non-disclosure of pending criminal cases against him in his nomination papers.
;;-0.8271;;last year, several incidents of death of farmers due to pesticide poisoning were reported from yavatmal, a major cotton-growing district, prompting chief minister devendrafadnavis to order an inquiry.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had met shiv sena president uddhav thackeray in mumbai last week, fuelling speculation that the bickering ruling alliance partners in maharashtra and at the centre may come together ahead of the lok sabha polls.
;;0.0;;in this wednesday, may 27, 2016 file photo, european commissioner for budget devendrafadnavis speaks during a media conference on the eu 2016 budget at eu headquarters in brussels.
;;0.6652;;i want to thank ms bokova, but we must transfer our support to devendrafadnavis , mitov said.
;;0.7003;;i felt chief minister devendrafadnavis is innocent and will give me justice.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: ncp president sharad pawar on tuesday met chief minister devendrafadnavis here and asked the government to take efforts at war-level to compensate and rehabilitate those hit by unprecedented floods in parts of maharashtra.
;;-0.7579;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had yesterday introduced the bill in the state assembly that seeks to enhance the punishment for assaulting public servants to five years' jail term from the existing three years.
;;0.0;;the sena made the claim in its mouthpiece 'saamana' on wednesday, the day when chief minister devendrafadnavis attended its foundation day function here.
;;0.6652;;by ptimumbai: the rough-and-tumble of politics may have made maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis appear a hard-nosed leader, but according to his wife, deep inside he is a romantic and emotional person.
;;0.4019;;asked whether devendrafadnavis (48), the first bjp chief minister of maharashtra, is a romantic person at heart, amruta was forthright in her reply.
;;0.2247;;asked what is one secret about devendrafadnavis that people don't know, amruta said her husband, who is just seven months away from completing his five-year term in office, is a very emotional person.
;;0.5267;;also read | selfie row: maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis defends wife, says she has own intellectto another query about who attends the parent-teacher meetings at their daughter's school or whether the principal himself comes to `varsha' (official residence of the chief minister), devendrafadnavis said their high-profile position does not mean they get any relaxation in norms.
;;-0.0258;;bengaluru: a delegation of bjp members from karnataka, led by union minister ananth kumar, met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai on wednesday and urged him to resolve the mahadayi river dispute between karnataka and goa through talks.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis requested for central funds during a meeting with nripendra mishra, principal secretary to prime minister narendra modi.
;;-0.25;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday termed lynching as an inhuman act and called for stern action against perpetrators of such crimes.
;;0.0;;by ptinew delhi/mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis briefed prime minister narendra modi on thursday about the drought situation in the state and sought assistance from the centre.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar during a pannel discussion held after announcing maharashtra budget in mumbai on saturday.
;;-0.1695;;watch video:asked about opposition's allegation that chief minister devendrafadnavis has been left to fend for himself and his colleagues are not supporting him during the ongoing stir, mungantiwar said, the cm is not alone.
;;0.0;;i expect chief minister devendrafadnavis to take a decision since there are only 17 working days in this monsoon session, he said.
;;0.0;;the development came after around five hours of marathon negotiations between chief minister devendrafadnavis and the leaders of the kisan kranti core committee, which ended here early on saturday.
;;0.0;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today lashed out at the opposition for `boycotting' the national anthem at the end of the month-long budget session of state legislature.
;;0.5106;;the court also directed chief minister devendrafadnavis government and the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) to provide adequate security to doctors in all hospitals all over mumbai and maharashtra.
;;-0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said in gadchiroli the maharashtra dgp is examining if there was any lapse that led to the deadly naxal attack.
;;-0.2263;;earlier in the day chief minister devendrafadnavis made a statement in both the houses in an attempt to pacify the members who had been demanding loan waiver.
;;0.5719;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis directed officials to step up public outreach and take steps to ensure maximum employment to locals at the proposed jaitapur nuclear power project in the konkan area as he met a delegation under french foreign secretary christian massetat at his official residence varsha here on tuesday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had recently declared that construction of the road will begin in october this year and would be completed within the next three years.
;;0.5106;;the court also directed chief minister devendrafadnavis government and the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) to provide adequate security to doctors in all hospitals all over mumbai and maharashtra.
;;0.296;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra has managed to save rs 12,000 crore in farm loan waiver alone by adopting a digital platform that helped eliminate bogus claimants, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here sunday.
;;0.4215;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said each flood-hit family in the state will be given rs 5,000 cash while rest of the financial assistance will be deposited in their respective bank accounts.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, chief minister devendrafadnavis got environment ministrys nod for coastal road project in mumbai.
;;0.0;;however, it is unlikely that the whole of rs 31,000 crore loan amount would be waived off, though chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the waiver would be historic.
;;-0.8176;;mumbai: a day after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis paved the way for the shiv sena to install its mayor in bmc, the warring ally today hinted there is no threat to the stability of the bjp-led coalition government.
;;-0.128;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday slammed opposition parties for blaming electronic voting machines (evms) for poll reverses, claiming voters have only prime minister narendra modi in mind.
;;-0.25;;another farmer from maharashtra's ahmednagar district, shreyas abhale, had sent a money order of rs 6 to chief minister devendrafadnavis as a mark of protest against the crashing prices of onion and the paltry returns.
;;0.6369;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who had met his own party leaders from karnataka on may 3, had promised to release 2 tmcft of the 4 tmcft of water sought on humanitarian grounds.
;;0.3612;;some team members of the web series on thursday also met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who assured that strict action will be taken against the culprits.
;;0.4019;;abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: the bjp and shiv sena seem to be exploring possibilities of contesting the forthcoming assembly elections independently even after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis stated that the two parties will contest as an alliance.
;;0.2263;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday hailed bjp-led nda's performance in the lok sabha elections saying the 'modi wave' of the 2014 polls turned into a 'tsunami' this time.
;;0.2023;;by ptimumbai: ncp president sharad pawar has demanded a complete farm loan waiver in drought-affected maharashtra and also sought an appointment with chief minister devendrafadnavis over the issue, his party said monday.
;;0.3612;;earlier in the day, chief minister devendrafadnavis had also assured them of the same.
;;0.4404;;both houses of the legislature on thursday cleared the bill to grant quota to the community minutes after chief minister devendrafadnavis tabled it.
;;0.0516;;by ptinew delhi: the supreme court thursday issued notice to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on a plea seeking annulment of his election to the state assembly for alleged non-disclosure of pending criminal cases against him in the nomination papers.
;;-0.6908;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today announced the biggest-ever farm loan waiver in the state even as farmers refused to end their agitation over a set of demands including debt write-off.
;;-0.7506;;by ptiindore: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday said his state's former ats chief hemant karkare had never used the term hindu terror and disapproved of the offensive remark made by the bjp's lok sabha candidate pragya singh thakur against the martyred police officer.
;;0.7003;;at the centre, prime minister narendra modi and in the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis are coming up with new tricks, and till the people of the nation are enjoying these magic tricks, they will keep on winning, it added.
;;0.0;;maharashtra's chief minister devendrafadnavis at his official residence in mumbai.
;;-0.4717;;mahajan, a confidante of chief minister devendrafadnavis , said the congress and the ncp together will not win more than 50 seats in the assembly polls.
;;-0.6808;;saira banu had met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis earlier and said she apprehended danger from the accused person, after which the joint commissioner of eow spoke to her, the police spokesperson said.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis called a meeting of all party leaders in the assembly on wednesday evening after both the houses were adjourned.
;;-0.3182;;the employees union, in a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday, had demanded the government pay their salaries for the next two months in cash.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday ruled out the possibility of simultaneous assembly and lok sabha elections in the state.
;;-0.1531;;earlier in the day, chief minister devendrafadnavis warned the striking doctors of legal action if they dont resume duty.
;;0.2263;;mumbai: the bjp unit in maharashtra is prepared for mid-term polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here today.
;;0.34;;speaking in wardha, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis asked opposition parties to introspect why they have lost the people's trust instead of finding fault with evms.seeking to develop a groundswell on the issue, the opposition leaders said they would reach out to the people and get filled forms, saying they want ballot papers back.
;;-0.1027;;it was thackeray who prevented chief minister devendrafadnavis , else with his intervention the strike would have ended very soon, rao said.
;;0.0;;we have ordered inspection into all such private residential schools and shall not spare anybody, said chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio.
;;0.1531;;world bank chief executive officer devendrafadnavis , second right, greets an indian railway police officer after taking a trip in a suburban train in mumbai on february 28.
;;-0.8957;;the trouble was over only after a visibly angry chief minister devendrafadnavis went to the mike and admonished the trouble-makers in harsh terms.
;;0.0772;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and all cabinet ministers on tuesday decided to donate their one-month salary towards the chief minister' relief fund in view of devastation caused by floods.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted a graphic that said families, whose collective annual income is less than rs 8 lakh -- through sources such as farming, salaries, business-industry -- would be treated as economically backward in this case.
;;0.0;;by ptinagpur: more than one maharashtrians would occupy the prime minister's post by 2050, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here friday.
;;-0.8591;;in nashik, agitating farmers accused chief minister devendrafadnavis of cheating and burnt his effigy on monday, there were road blocks and processions in pune, aurangabad, dhule, sangli, ahmednagar, parbhani, solapur, osmanabad and kolhapur.
;;0.34;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis this evening welcomed the release of indian solider chandu chavan, who hails from dhule district of north maharashtra.
;;0.6369;;the state government has decided to allow farmers to carry their agricultural produce up to 50 kg in maharashtra state road transport corporation buses for free till november 24, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced after a meeting with senior government officials at his official residence.
;;-0.6908;;in march, the bombay high court rapped maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis for slow investigation in pansare's murder case.
;;0.7783;;mumbai: in what can be termed as strategic retreat, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday made it clear that the bjp would not field its candidate in the election for any of the posts in brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), giving shiv sena a chance to have a complete hold on the civic body.
;;-0.8442;;kochi: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday took a dig at chief minister pinarayi vijayan saying he should focus more on dealing with the political killings in kerala rather than rallying against cattle trade ban.
;;0.4019;;the manifesto was released by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in presence of his goa counterpart laxmikant parsekar, union ayush minister shripad naik and other party leaders.
;;0.8555;;by ptiamravati: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said he was confident of getting a fresh mandate from the people and assured that he would devote his next term as the cm to make the state drought-free.
;;0.0;;speaking in the assembly earlier in the day, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that marathas will be provided reservation over and above the existing 52 per cent quota in the state.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said the government will give rs five lakh to the kin of the deceased.
;;0.0;;shiv sena youth wing leader aaditya thackeray, however, alleged that chief minister devendrafadnavis had been misled on the issue.
;;0.0;;along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , his odisha, madhya pradesh, sikkim and puducherry counterparts, niti aayog vice-chairman arvind panagariya and amitabh kant ceo, niti aayog are members of the committee.
;;0.6124;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday promised farmers in the state a loan waiver the like of which never before seen in the history of the state.
;;0.1027;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , while criticizing the congress-ncp last week, had termed the vba as a serious contender in the assembly elections and added that the post of leader of the opposition will go to the vba instead of the two principal opposition parties.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis met a state bjp delegation in mumbai on friday.
;;-0.7783;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday announced the formation of a high-powered group of ministers (gom) to hold talks with the agitating farmers, just a day after they threatened to intensify their agitation.
;;0.1027;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said that bjp was sidelined when proposals were cleared in the standing committee of the bmc.
;;0.6597;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said the outcome of the local body elections currently underway in the state will weigh on the future of his cabinet composition as some ministers will be promoted while others relieved according to bjp's performance in their areas.
;;-0.34;;by express news servicemumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , on tuesday, ordered a probe into the massive fire at esic hospital at andheri on monday evening.
;;-0.296;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has ordered a cid probe into the disappearance of iconic tiger 'jai' after he went missing from the umred karhandla wildlife sanctuary located near nagpur.
;;-0.296;;however, one person is still missing, chief minister devendrafadnavis told the reporters.
;;0.2987;;mumbai: taking a jibe at maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis over his statement that the bharatiya janata party (bjp) would never join hands with the congress, shiv sena leader on monday said it is strange that the saffron party can enter into an alliance with the peoples democratic party (pdp), which called a terrorist like afzal guru as martyr.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai, oct 30 (pti) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has ruled out the possibility of shifting the proposed chhatrapati shivaji memorial from its present location in the arabian sea off mumbai coast.
;;-0.25;;read| maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis reaches out to sugarcane farmersthere is no reason for changing the location (of shivaji memorial).
;;0.4767;;mumbai cricket association mca donates one crore rupees to chief minister devendrafadnavis for cm relief fund by hands of players ajinkya rahane and rohit sharma at wankhede stadium in mumbai on sunday.
;;0.0;;a senior bjp leader had virtually ruled out yesterday the possibility of chief minister devendrafadnavis resuming seat-sharing talks with thackeray.
;;0.4215;;mumbai: shiv sena today took a sharp dig at maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis over his role in facilitating the release of ae dil hai mushkil featuring pakistani actor fawad khan, saying he gave up an opportunity to show that there is a 56-inch chest government.
;;0.0772;;a huge national uproar has been created after the chief minister of maharashtra devendrafadnavis medicated the talks of which the result was that mns chief raj thackeray forced filmmakers who worked with pakistani actors have to comply with including a contribution of rs 5 crore to the army welfare fund.
;;0.0;;he was briefed by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis about the current flood situation and the measures undertaken in the southwestern part of the state.
;;0.4019;;by ptimumbai: the number of seats meant for the general category students in degree and post-graduate medical courses would be increased to compensate for the decline in the number of seats caused by quota offered to various communities, chief minister devendrafadnavis said sunday.
;;0.0;;in a departure from the normal practice, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis himself announced all the decisions at a press meet.
;;0.0772;;chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the flood situation in various parts of the state and directed the authorities concerned to make adequate arrangements of food, drinking water and other essential items for those affected.
;;0.0;;focus on your work was the mantra during a joint meeting of bjp and shiv sena mlas addressed by chief minister devendrafadnavis and sena president uddhav thackeray on monday, said one of the legislators.
;;0.4019;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today asked the party leaders and workers to keep the welfare of people at the centre of their politics.
;;0.4588;;the rti activist said he has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis , seeking to know why an international competition was not considered for the monument which would be dedicated to the shiv sena founder, bal thackeray, who passed away here on november 17, 2012.
;;0.357;;by express news servicemumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has asserted that the sugarcane cultivation cant be banned suddenly in marathwada.
;;0.0;;the development came after around five hours marathon negotiations between chief minister devendrafadnavis and the leaders of kisan kranti core committee, which ended here early today.
;;0.0258;;bjp, which notched up 82 seats in the mumbai civic polls after fighting separately under the leadership of chief minister devendrafadnavis , is yet to make its stance clear on the mayoral poll.
;;-0.8176;;mumbai: shiv sena today took potshots at maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis over the mahad tragedy, saying he should stop aerial visits to mishap sites and demanded guardian ministers be barred from flying inside the state to understand its road and bridge conditions.
;;0.7269;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , on friday, had assured the upper house of the legislature that the government is positive about revoking suspension if the opposition comes forward for it.
;;0.8658;;mumbai: expressing displeasure with the way the adhm controversy was handled by the maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , congress mp shashi tharoor today said he favoured inviting pakistani artists, creative people and businessmen to boost bilateral ties.
;;0.765;;while the alliance between the bjp and the shiv sena was finalized ahead of lok sabha elections, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that after deducting the share of smaller parties, rest of the seats would be equally distributed within the two major parties.
;;0.0;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has condoled the demise of noted litterateur anand yadav who passed away in pune last night.
;;-0.1027;;5 crore worth assets, ma degree in election affidavitchief minister devendrafadnavis described the opposition as bears and wolves who have taken along a parrot to defeat the lion and the tiger.
;;0.4019;;the mlas joined the ruling party in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis and state bjp unit president chandrakant patil on wednesday morning.
;;0.0;;also read | devendrafadnavis advises sharad pawar to introspect on ncp defectorspichad and kolambkar have generally contested against shiv sena candidates in past elections, except in 2014, when the sena and the bjp had contested separately in all the 288 assembly seats, a bjp leader said.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis sought early central assistance of rs 7,962.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had expressed deep displeasure over the scene during the budget presentation.
;;0.7891;;by iansnew delhi: the supreme court on tuesday reserved its order on a plea challenging the election of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to the state assembly for allegedly not disclosing criminal cases pending against him in his nomination papers.
;;-0.25;;the incident comes days after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had a narrow escape when the helicopter carrying him crash landed in latur.
;;-0.4393;;by ptimumbai: mns president raj thackeray, who has received an enforcement directorate notice in the il&fs case, need not worry if he had done no wrong, said maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday.
;;0.0;;the state cabinet presided by chief minister devendrafadnavis took the decision to form a cabinet sub-committee under mahadeo jankar on thursday.
;;-0.7096;;by ptinew delhi: union minister maneka gandhi tuesday upped the ante on her demand for ouster of maharashtra environment minister sudhir mugantiwar over the killing of tigress avni and dashed off a letter to state chief minister devendrafadnavis , asking him to consider removing the minister.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said gpx global is investing rs 400 crore for its upcoming tier 4 data centre in mumbai.
;;0.3612;;when the alliance was sealed ahead of the lok sabha polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that in the assembly polls, the bjp and shiv sena would share an equal number of seats after distributing seats to smaller allies.
;;0.8885;;while the maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and his rajsthan counterpart vasundhara raje have shown keenness to improve the ranking of their states on ease of doing business, the niti aayog is expecting that other states too will join the process to attract private sector investment.
;;-0.4404;;in sangamner, farmers burnt an effigy of chief minister devendrafadnavis and condemned the policies of the government.
;;-0.2617;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had assured of clearing the proposal, but till today, there has been no development on the same.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis requested for central funds during a meeting with nripendra mishra, principal secretary to prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.4019;;gawli (34), the eldest daughter of convicted gangster arun gawli, had met sena leaders eknath shinde and anil desai to work out the modalities of her support to the shiv sena, and later maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis before making up her mind.
;;0.7506;;chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the rescue and relief operations in sangli on saturday.
;;0.128;;while yuva sena chief aditya thackeray is scheduled to launch his statewide tour from jalgaon on thursday, chief minister devendrafadnavis launched the deendayal upadhyay antyodaya scheme at mumbai on monday.
;;0.7906;;the stakes are high for chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, who led their respective parties from the front and were involved in a high decibel and no-holds-barred campaign, relegating the opposition congress, ncp and other players like the mns and the aimim to the background.
;;-0.34;;mumbai: lodging a scathing attack on the opposition for stalling proceedings of the house for over a week, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday termed the opposition demand for crop loan waiver as politically motivated.
;;0.6808;;meanwhile, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is in gondia district as part of his ongoing 'maha janadesh yatra', thanked the iaf for the quick help.
;;0.0;;yesterday, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis conducted an aerial survey of the flood-affected districts of sangli and kolhapur to take the stock of the situation.
;;0.0;;the minister said he would speak to chief minister devendrafadnavis first, aiks president ashok dhawale said.
;;0.7906;;the bjp government led by chief minister devendrafadnavis assumed office on october 31, 2014, and won the trust vote on november 12.
;;0.0;;the foundation stone was kept at the hands of uddhav thackeray while chief minister devendrafadnavis was not invited to the programme.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: the maharashtra government will table in the state assembly the 'action taken report' (atr) on the state backward class commission's recommendations for maratha quota, before introducing a bill to make a provision for the reservation, chief minister devendrafadnavis said tuesday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced the drought-like situation last week in 180 of 355 talukas of the state.
;;0.4019;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis will undertake a `rath yatra' (a tour in a special vehicle) across maharashtra to campaign for assembly polls, the bjp said saturday.
;;0.0;;this project, insists chief minister devendrafadnavis , will turn out to be a role model for integrated development.
;;-0.6324;;taking a dig at senior ally bjp, thackeray said if chief minister devendrafadnavis backed state forest minister sudhir mungantiwar saying he could not be held responsible for the killing, why did prime minister narendra modi take credit for the surgical strike, when he had not himself conducted it.
;;0.4215;;by ptipune: ncp president sharad pawar sunday accused maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis of giving false promises to the maratha community over the issue of reservation in government jobs and education.
;;-0.5267;;right now we are focusing on rescuing trapped people, said chief minister devendrafadnavis after the cabinet meeting.
;;0.5423;;on restrictions imposed upon district cooperative banks, the opposition demanded that chief minister devendrafadnavis use his good offices to convince the central government and union finance minister to solve the issue as transactions at these banks have come to a grinding halt.
;;0.0;;he was replying to a question about his meeting with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis about the sena-bjp alliance thursday.
;;0.0;;also present at the event were chief minister of maharashtra devendrafadnavis , rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chauhan.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said the building was around 100 years old.
;;-0.5994;;farmers in maharashtra, who had been on a war path from june 1 to press for their various demands, had on june 11 called off their stir after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced loan waiver for them.
;;0.0;;by ptiwashington: the maharashtra government is aspiring to make the state the first trillion-dollar economy by 2025, five years early, by investing in infrastructure, agriculture and services and by leveraging foreign investments in various sectors, chief minister devendrafadnavis has said.
;;0.0;;sources indicated that the bjp has now begun making moves ahead of the march 8 mayor elections and chief minister devendrafadnavis has been given the complete charge executing the decisions.
;;0.5994;;patil, joined the bjp at an event in south mumbai, in presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis , who said he was waiting for the former minister to join the amit shah-led party since the last five years.
;;0.0;;gagrani told pti that chief minister devendrafadnavis has formed a committee headed by the chief secretary.
;;-0.4215;;by animumbai: in a fresh turn of events, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has stated that the government would withdraw cases against those booked during the bandh called in the backdrop of the bhima koregaon violence in january and the recent maratha reservation stir.
;;-0.4019;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and minister of state for urban development yogesh sagar have visited shatabdi hospital to meet the injured.
;;0.0;;however, it is unlikely that the whole of rs 31,000 crore loan amount would be waived off, though chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the waiver would be historic.
;;-0.4019;;mumbai/bhopal/new delhi:the agrarian protest in maharashtra took an emotional twist on thursday after a farmer in solapur committed suicide, leaving behind a note saying his body should not be cremated till chief minister devendrafadnavis visited his village and agreed to meet the protestors demands.
;;-0.0258;;please take my body to my village and do not cremate me till cm devendrafadnavis comes here, read the suicide note addressed to his friends and relatives.
;;0.3182;;only talks can end the differences, he saidrahuls visit a mere photo-opthe nda government at the centre hit out at the congress for seeking to politicise the farmers agitation in mp and claimed party vice-president rahul gandhis bid to visit to mandsaur was just a photo opportunitysuicide over debt of rs 60,000before hanging himself, 45-year-old dhanaji jadhav penned a note requesting his family and friends not to cremate him until maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis arrived and announced a loan waiver for farmers.
;;-0.25;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday termed lynching as an inhuman act and called for stern action against perpetrators of such crimes.
;;0.7906;;he said the yatra recently undertaken by his son aaditya thackeray and the mass outreach programme to be soon taken up by chief minister devendrafadnavis were for ensuring the sena-bjp alliance's win in the assembly polls, due in september-october.
;;-0.7906;;chief minister devendrafadnavis told the legislative assembly that criminal cases will be filed against builders who have undertaken illegal construction.
;;0.6249;;chief minister devendrafadnavis too was present at the occasion and both he and thackeray assured the workers that the alliance will be sustained and shall emerge stronger at the assembly elections in october this year.
;;-0.0772;;mumbai: the budget session of the maharashtra legislature begins here today and is expected to be a smooth sailing affair for the devendrafadnavis government after the bjp averted a face-off with sparring ally shiv sena over the mumbai mayor's post.
;;-0.7506;;launching a frontal attack on chief minister devendrafadnavis , who has taken out 'mahajandesh yatra', pawar said the former has failed on all the fronts.
;;0.0;;if they go with the opposition we will wipe them out along with the opposition, shah said at the meeting attended by chief minister devendrafadnavis , state bjp president raosaheb danve and skill development minister sambhjai patil-nilangekar.
;;0.6124;;bengaluru: eager to resolve the mahadayi river water dispute through negotiations, karnataka has decided to adopt a flexible stand at the meeting of chief ministers of three riparian states - karnataka, goa and maharashtra - convened by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on october 21 in mumbai.
;;0.6251;;chief minister devendrafadnavis told the state legislature that security has been tightened across the city and appealed to people not to panic.
;;0.0;;abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: a woman hurled a balloon filled with ink at the cavalcade of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis at akola in ahmednagar district on friday as he started the third leg of his maha janadesh yatra.
;;0.5972;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis monday countered the shiv sena's claim of being the big brother in the sena-bjp alliance, saying his party is not seeking a tie-up desperately and can take on the congress-ncp combine.
;;0.6597;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis monday sought to reach out to mlas and mlcs of the shiv sena to ensure the bjp and the uddhav thackeray-led party contest upcoming elections in unison.
;;0.0;;he also said ncp chief sharad pawar might meet with chief minister devendrafadnavis on the issue of drought on tuesday or wednesday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has already said loan waiver to farmers will be considered at an appropriate time.
;;0.4588;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today demanded increase in the import duty of tur from 10 to 25 per cent to ensure price stability.
;;0.3818;;maharashtra irrigation minister girish mahajan said that chief minister devendrafadnavis would soon make a formal announcement regarding the promises made to the all india kisan sabha (aiks) delegation today and will also speak about various measures taken by the government over the issue.
;;0.0;;aiks president ashok dhawale, had earlier in the day said that they had three meetings with chief minster devendrafadnavis and others including mahajan.
;;0.4391;;the shiv sena too said that it was firm on its demand of complete crop loan waiver, even as chief minister devendrafadnavis reiterated the government's stand that the farmers need to be financially empowered before going in for the crop loan waiver to make the step more effective.
;;0.2263;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has requested the resident doctors to withdraw their strike immediately and ensured them security.
;;-0.34;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and mungantiwar on tuesday dismissed the budget leak charge, saying the provisions were put out on twitter 15 minutes after the finance minister began his budget speech in the assembly.
;;0.4678;;2 in the devendrafadnavis government, resigned from the cabinet in june 2016 over corruption allegations in a land deal, but he was later given a clean chit by the anti-corruption bureau.
;;0.7184;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis monday intervened in the best bus strike in mumbai and spoke to shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray to find a solution.
;;-0.5574;;meanwhile, shiv sena mla anil parab fired a salvo against chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday.
;;-0.5994;;after talks with shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, the entire process has been stalled, chief minister devendrafadnavis told the lower house of the state legislature after protesters shouted slogans against the proposed mega refinery project from the visitors gallery.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the flood situation at a meeting in mumbai.
;;-0.434;;meanwhile in mumbai, chief minister devendrafadnavis said the state government wont allow any rallies that are meant to divide society and undermine law and order in the state.
;;-0.6597;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis yesterday said the buldhana rape incident will be probed under the supervision of a female ips officer and assured that strict action will be taken against the accused.
;;-0.6486;;he has also demanded the resignation of chief minister devendrafadnavis for the alleged apathy towards tribals.
;;0.0772;;we will resign whenever uddhavji asks us to do so, kadam told reporters here after the sena ministers met chief minister devendrafadnavis to hand over a demand seeking cancellation of a government directive related to removal of religious photos from government offices.
;;-0.25;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today dismissed the rumours of shortage of salt in the state and directed district collectors to take action against those spreading it.
;;0.3182;;there will be some solution, mahajan, a confidant of chief minister devendrafadnavis , told reporters in nashik.
;;-0.7717;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today handed over keys of newly-constructed houses to the kin of the deceased who lost their life in the tragedy in july 2014.
;;-0.7783;;as the strike by junior maharashtra's doctors, who are protesting a spate of assaults on colleagues by patients' relatives, entered the fourth day today, chief minister devendrafadnavis and the bombay high court asked them to resume work immediately.
;;0.0;;hazare said he had spoken to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on the lokayukta issue several times in the past, but nothing has come out of them.
;;0.25;;recently, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, in party mouthpiece saamana had asked maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to reach out to marathi-speaking people in karnataka in the backdrop of the controversial comments made by a minister in the neighbouring state against the chanting of jai maharashtra slogan there.
;;-0.6486;;raising the safety of police personnel as a matter of serious concern, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray today met chief minister devendrafadnavis , seeking protection to law enforcers and strict punishment to attackers.
;;0.2023;;kamble said that chief minister devendrafadnavis has already ordered officials concerned to issue compensation amount to the farmers with a relaxation from mandatory panchnama of the damaged crops.
;;-0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said there was no need for mungantiwar to resign and that he would speak to gandhi over the issue.
;;-0.128;;ram, a vendor in the dadri vegetable market, urged the devendrafadnavis government to sort out the farmers issue so that the incumbent strike can end.
;;-0.6486;;the strike has been called by a section of farmer leaders who are unhappy with the decision of the kisan kranti morcha calling off their agitation after a meeting with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis last friday.
;;0.3818;;earlier in the day, when the issue was raised in the assembly, chief minister devendrafadnavis made it clear that the constitution doesnt provide for religion-based quota.
;;-0.2023;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday confirmed submission of a report on controversial islamic preacher zakir naik by the mumbai police commission.
;;-0.3089;;chief minister devendrafadnavis should remove pankaja from his council of ministers and not give a clean chit to her, maharashtra pradesh congress committee (mpcc) spokesperson sachin sawnt told reporters here.
;;-0.2732;;mumbai: upping the ante against its ally bjp, shiv sena today said chief minister devendrafadnavis will be sent home if he continues to level charges against it in the run-up to the local body polls.
;;-0.9022;;reportedly, on tuesday some of the representatives of a state-level coordination committee of various farmers outfits kisan kranti morcha met state chief minister devendrafadnavis at his official residence in mumbai to discuss the issue, but the discussion failed as the farmers refused to postpone their agitation.
;;0.1531;;by ptimumbai: asserting that the bjp and shiv sena would stay united, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday said the resignation letters of sena ministers now lie into the sarayu river.
;;-0.6249;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday took a detailed review meeting with the chief secretary, senior officials from resettlement and rehabilitation (r&r), disaster management department and other concerned officials at ministry control room.
;;0.0;;the report will now be vetted by the home department and sent to chief minister devendrafadnavis for further action, principal secretary (home) vijay satbir singh said.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis directed to speed up issuance of ration cards in rural areas, especially in drought-prone areas.
;;0.0;;finally, it was decided to give powers to chief minister devendrafadnavis to finalise the quota per cent.
;;0.34;;if more cas are appointed, then certainly irregularities and corruption can be curbed, galgali saidi have written a letter in this connection to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , he said.
;;-0.6249;;hazare has now begun his fast as he is disappointed with the state government for not appointing the lokayukta, the aide said hazare had written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday, saying he would launch the agitation in his village from wednesday.
;;0.4019;;babar joined bjp in the presence of state chief minister devendrafadnavis and pune guardian minister girish bapat, party mla bala bhegade said.
;;0.0;;world bank chief executive officer devendrafadnavis , sitting right, speaks with passengers as she begins to take a trip in a suburban train in mumbai.
;;0.0;;| apmumbai: world bank chief executive officer (ceo) devendrafadnavis , who is presently in mumbai, today travelled in local train from churchgate to dadar.
;;0.0;;world bank chief executive officer devendrafadnavis , center, holds a train ticket as she begins to take a trip in a suburban train in mumbai.
;;0.0;;abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: in the much-awaited reshuffle, 13 new ministers were inducted in the maharashtra state cabinet led by chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said the government feels marathas are a socially and educationally backward class on basis of quantifiable data studied by the commission.
;;-0.867;;kochi: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today termed as unfortunate the killing of five people in police firing during a farmers' agitation in madhya pradesh, but said very grave situation there necessitated police action.
;;0.2732;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis will interact with 5,000 students from across the state along with subject matter experts and industry specialists as part of his efforts to build vision maharashtra 2025.
;;0.0;;after the bjp came to power, chief minister devendrafadnavis made it a priority.
;;0.0;;karun dakhavla (have done it), malik tweeted, tagging shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, office of chief minister devendrafadnavis and the bmc in his post.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis who was present at the occasion clapped instantaneously as thackeray mentioned the alliance.
;;0.3182;;please take my body to village and do not cremate me till chief minister devendrafadnavis comes here.
;;-0.3182;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has been under attack by opposition parties and bjp's ally shiv sena over sustained protests by farmers across maharashtra for last one week, resulting in sharp rise in agri commodity prices.
;;-0.34;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday ordered a probe into the fire.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has invited the morcha leaders for talks thursday afternoon at the vidhan bhawan, where the winter session of the state legislature in underway, a leader of the march said.
;;0.9042;;by express news servicemumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday likened the sufi and varkari traditions for spreading the message of love, brotherhood and good thoughts as he addressed a sufi makhmali peer sammelan organised by peer makhmali trust at the fine arts centre at chembur.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis is meeting the doctors representatives again over the issue.
;;-0.128;;<blockquote class=twitter-tweet data-lang=en><p lang=en dir=ltr>maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis meets doctors's representatives again over doctor strike issue.
;;0.4019;;by express news servicemumbai: the congress and nationalist congress party (ncp) on sunday boycotted the customary tea party organised by the chief minister devendrafadnavis on the eve of the assemblys monsoon session, claiming the latters claims of development were illusory.
;;0.4019;;also read | bjp, shiv sena will contest maharashtra assembly polls together, says cm fadnavisthe mlas joined the ruling party in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis and state bjp unit president chandrakant patil on wednesday morning.
;;0.5242;;reacting to the development, chief minister devendrafadnavis said: parivartan is inevitable, irrespective of those who join or dont in our fight for transparency and accountable administration for larger public welfare.
;;0.296;;however, in a statement, the state bjp, chief minister devendrafadnavis challenged vikhe-patil to prove the allegations or apologise.
;;0.0;;speculation on bhosale's future move started doing rounds after he called on chief minister devendrafadnavis here on tuesday night.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: the maharashtra cabinet will be expanded on sunday and a final meeting on the ministers to be inducted will be held later saturday night, chief minister devendrafadnavis said in delhi.
;;0.0;;union home minister rajnath singh proposed the resolution on agriculture which was seconded by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp farmer wing head virendra singh.
;;-0.296;;by ptimumbai: senior congress leader prithviraj chavan tuesday accused maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis of interpreting the rules of the state backward class commission as per his own convenience in connection with the report on maratha reservation.
;;0.0;;this was the outcome of a mediation done by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis between movie producers and the mns.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis saturday said post redevelopment, dharavi, one of the metropolis' biggest slum clusters, will be its new bkc.
;;-0.34;;the states opposition was quick to blame chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, over the revelation of the statistic.
;;-0.3182;;by ptinew delhi: about 10 months after complaints from the prime minister's office, the cbi has registered two cases to probe alleged fraudulent use of the letterhead of a joint secretary in the top office in letters seeking favours, including one addressed to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , officials said.
;;0.7964;;this came maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis appealed to the doctors to call off their strike as well and assured them that the government would ensure their security in hospitals.
;;0.4767;;abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: in a major announcement ahead of assembly elections in the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday announced the financial closure of the ambitious samruddhi corridor.
;;0.2732;;by ptimumbai: on the eve of the launch of his mass outreach programme aimed at building momentum ahead of the assembly elections, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday reiterated the bjp and the shiv sena would contest together unlike 2014.
;;-0.1027;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who had a close shave after his chopper crash-landed in latur on thursday, stunned everyone when he arrived at the ashram to take part in the birthday celebrations on friday.
;;0.7506;;chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the rescue and relief operations in sangli on saturday.
;;0.4767;;the polls are being viewed as 'mini' assembly elections and a test of popularity of chief minister devendrafadnavis who led the bjp campaign to make inroads in the rural areas where congress and ncp hold sway.
;;-0.2263;;the ncp demanded an explanation from maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis over the arms seizure from the bjp functionary's fashion accessories store.
;;0.0;;the duo joined bjp in presence of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis and state bjp unit chief raosaheb danve at the cm's official residence varsha in south mumbai late last night.
;;0.0;;by ptibeed: a water grid project and lifting water from konkan to the godavari basin will make droughts in marathwada history, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis claimed on tuesday.
;;0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said on tuesday that the state government will seek the assistance of rs 6,813 crore from the centre for flood relief.
;;0.0;;rs 5 lakh will be given to the kin of deceased, chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted.
;;0.5859;;speaking before shah in latur city sunday, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had set the bjp workers a target to win 40 of total 48 lok sabha seats in maharashtra.
;;0.0;;ive handed over a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis seeking a thorough inquiry into the alleged involvement of the congress leader into the elgaar parishad case, bhatkhalkar said after his meeting with the cm.
;;0.3818;;by ptimumbai: the maharashtra government will strive to ensure that the rehabilitation of the flood-affected people in the state is done in record time, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here on thursday.
;;0.7506;;chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the rescue and relief operations in sangli on saturday and interacted with the people.
;;-0.743;;by iansmumbai: hitting out at chief minister devendrafadnavis for holding a press conference to level charges against the congress leadership on the agustawestland deal, maharashtra congress president ashok chavan said here on monday that it is akin to a thief complaining about robbery.
;;0.4588;;by ptimumbai: days after his wife amruta fadnavis courted a controversy by clicking a selfie on the edge of a mumbai-goa cruise ship here, chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday said she is an independent individual who acts as per her intellect.
;;0.34;;#watch: amruta fadnavis, wife of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis , being cautioned by security personnel onboard india's first domestic cruise angria.
;;0.6249;;by ptimumbai: amruta fadnavis, the wife of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , said monday that she was ready to apologise after a video, showing her clicking a selfie sitting on the edge of a cruise ship, went viral.
;;0.34;;#watch: amruta fadnavis, wife of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis , being cautioned by security personnel onboard india's first domestic cruise angria.
;;0.0;;he has said that money laundering has taken place in these companies, chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;-0.34;;mumbai: the special taskforce appointed by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to address the prevailing agrarian crisis in the state has urged him to cover all farmers from suicide-prone marathwada and vidarbha regions for loan waiver, irrespective of their land holding.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said the conditions and details of the scheme would be finalised by the committee.
;;0.4588;;the developments came a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that maharashtra government will come out with a loan waiver before october 31, which will benefit 1.
;;-0.5267;;right now we are focusing on rescuing trapped people, said chief minister devendrafadnavis after the cabinet meeting.
;;-0.7096;;by express news servicemumbai: in a written reply to a question in state assembly, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday refuted claims that dd desai, the company that was found to be at fault in the 'kasab' bridge collapse incident, was given new contracts for bridge repairs.
;;0.0;;by express news servicebelagavi: a timely meeting of the state bjp delegation with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday night to make an appeal for release of water from maharashtras dams to the krishna river has paid off.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis was the chief guest and handed over the trophy and a cheque for `1 lakh to swaroop.
;;-0.0516;;today, the decks were cleared for its release after karan johar and producers' guild president mukesh bhatt met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and assured him that filmmakers would not work with pakistani artistes, given the people's sentiments in india post the uri attack.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , information and broadcasting secretary ajay mittal, eminent figures of the film industry, representatives of film producers guild, among others, were present on the occasion.
;;-0.6249;;on august 11, chief minister devendrafadnavis took a detailed review meeting with the chief secretary, senior officials from resettlement and rehabilitation (r&r), disaster management department and other concerned officials at ministry control room.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: the shiv sena monday asked maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to declare that the statue of maratha king chhatrapati shivaji maharaj planned off the mumbai coast will be the tallest in the world.
;;0.34;;mumbai: shiv senas vishwanath mahadeshwar was formally elected as mumbais new mayor on wednesday after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced on saturday that the bjp will not field its candidate in the election and would play the role of a watchdog of transparency.
;;-0.8316;;by animumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday announced compensation of rs 5 lakh to the families of those who were crushed to death after a wall collapsed in malad area of the city.
;;0.0;;mumbai: the maharashtra government could spend only 45  of total budgetary allocation made for fiscal 2017 as the model code of conduct was in force for four months in entire year, chief minister devendrafadnavis said today.
;;0.0;;30 pm in the forest area, located near the official residence of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , a forest department official said.
;;0.0;;(by special arrangement)mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis escaped unhurt on thursday when his helicopter had to crash land immediately after taking off at nilanga in latur district.
;;0.2748;;the state government has treated the matter very seriously and will make all efforts to satisfy the concerns raised by the local council, an aide to chief minister devendrafadnavis told ians.
;;-0.7184;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday hinted at revoking the suspension of 19 opposition mlas, who were suspended because of their unruly and irresponsible behaviour.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the flood situation at a meeting in mumbai on wednesday.
;;0.0;;jalgaon: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said that goal of 'housing for all' will be met by end of 2019.
;;0.7096;;chief minister devendrafadnavis described it as a balanced budget which has provisions for all sections of the society and has a strong resolve to continue the march on the development path.
;;0.7269;;in his initial reaction, chief minister devendrafadnavis welcomed the court verdict and indicated that the new quota percentages recommended were acceptable to the government.
;;0.6808;;though the project faces a strong criticism and opposition from all the other parties like the shiv sena, the mns, the congress, the ncp and others, chief minister devendrafadnavis has given a green signal for the project and work has already begun for shifting of the utility lines in vicinity of the ground at bkc, officials said.
;;0.7186;;returning from a trip to the us late on thursday night, chief minister devendrafadnavis appealed to the people not to panic as adequate security arrangements were in place in uran.
;;0.1027;;earlier, chief minister devendrafadnavis had argued in favour of a pre-poll alliance with the sena, and had said that if there will a tie-up, it would based on transparent administration in the bmc.
;;0.4215;;the enraged villagers later staged 'rasta roko' at several prominent roads including mumbai-agra national highway yesterday, set afire a state transport bus there and damaged some other vehicles including those of police, prompting chief minister devendrafadnavis to appeal for calm and giving an assurance that the case would be tried in a fast track court.
;;0.4019;;also read: no party becomes completely extinct - shiv sena on bjp's jibes at ncpganesh naik will join bjp on september 11 in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis , a source said.
;;-0.296;;the shiv sena raised its voice in the lower house, forcing chief minister devendrafadnavis to announce that the government is studying the up formula for loan waiver.
;;-0.8225;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis condemned the cowardly attack.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , however, brushed aside any possibilities of his government getting toppled.
;;0.5859;;naushad bijapur byexpress news servicebelagavi: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has finally agreed to release two tmcft of water to krishna river and its tributaries from maharashtras koyna dam, in order to help karnataka tide over its burgeoning drought situation.
;;0.6124;;though the state has one of the best health-care systems in india, we have a lot more to do to create a universal access to critical healthcare for all, said chief minister devendrafadnavis at the launch event here.
;;0.0;;they are also scheduled to meet chief minister devendrafadnavis later in the evening.
;;0.2023;;by ptinew delhi: the supreme court wednesday fixed for final disposal a plea challenging the election of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to the state assembly for alleged non-disclosure of pending criminal cases against him in the nomination papers.
