;;-0.8834;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday announced compensation for families of three school students who lost their lives in the dahanu boat tragedy and for the family of a 14-year-old dalit girl who died on her way back from the sadbhavana rally in sangli.
;;0.6486;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday said the state government will develop an intelligent traffic management system (itms) for mumbai, which will later be implemented across maharashtra to reduce congestion and increase traffic speed.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said that the government had brought around 12.
;;0.4019;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday that his bharatiya janata party will not contest the shiv sena for the mayor post in brihanmumbai municipal council (bmc), signalling a thaw in ties between the bickering allies.
;;0.0258;;chief minister devendrafadnavis told the legislative council that the government along with the brihamumbai municipal corporation (bmc) is preparing a policy to tackle the matter.
;;-0.2263;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said on tuesday his government was willing to discuss the farmers issue with anyone provided they do not have a political agenda as they continued their protests even after he announced a farm loan waiver for small and marginal farmers in the state.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said that the metro rail networks will be connected from the northern and southern parts of the city.
;;-0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said there was a lack of transparency in the working of the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) so far, resulting in probes being initiated into the road scam and shoddy desilting done by the countrys richest body.
;;0.7506;;indiaupdated: aug 04, 2019 17:01 istthe bharatiya janata party will contest the maharashtra assembly elections in partnership with ally shiv sena though it could have won on its own, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday.
;;-0.8271;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (cm) on tuesday announced a high-level probe into the wall collapse incident at kurar, where 22 people were killed.
;;-0.2732;;the building in mumbais congested dongri that collapsed on tuesday morning is around 100 years old, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had even announced a growth centre on the lines of bandra-kurla complex near kalyan.
;;-0.8625;;a day after violence claimed one life at bhima koregaon in pune district and left four others injured, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a judicial probe into the incident by a sitting high court judge, as well as a cid inquiry into the death.
