;;0.0;;later, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that the thane nursing training college would also be renamed after her.
;;0.0;;fuel prices will come down once the centre builds a consensus to bring petrol and diesel under the goods and services tax (gst), maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said today.
;;0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday that his government would move supreme court on the bombay high court order.
;;-0.1531;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , when being asked about the outburst of shiv sena, said: sena has been our longtime associate, and as an able coalition partner, it should be with us in good times and bad.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, has asked the police to consider her application favourably.
;;0.0;;on june 6, 2016, coinciding with the 343rd anniversary of the coronation ceremony of chhatrapati shivaji at the raigad fort, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that his government would strive to get them in the unesco world heritage sites list.
;;-0.0634;;mumbai, mar 30, 2015, (pti) 14:55 istdefending his cabinet colleague girish mahajan who is being criticised for attending a children's event with a revolver tucked in his waist, chief minister devendrafadnavis said he has not broken any law.
;;-0.2151;;no 'prima facie' evidence of wrongdoing by pankaja: fadnavisnew delhi, june 25, 2015, (pti) 18:22 istno discrepancies have been found prima facie in maharashtra minister pankaja munde clearing purchases worth rs 206 crore under the icds scheme without inviting tenders, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here today, but did not rule out ordering a probe.
;;-0.1027;;maharashtra to top country in conviction rate: fadnavismumbai, oct 31, 2015, (pti) 12:36 istmaharashtra has registered a phenomenal increase in crime conviction rate after bjp-led government came to power and the state is likely to emerge as india's leader on this front next year, chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said the conditions and details of the scheme would be finalised by the committee.
;;0.4588;;the issue took another turn when maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said ghulam ali was welcome to perform in mumbai.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister narendra modi will be voted back to power in the 2019 general elections, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has said emphasising that the indian leader is addressing basic problems of the common man through flagship schemes of constructing toilets, providing bank accounts and gas connections.
;;0.4939;;we are committed to provide reservation to the maratha community, chief minister devendrafadnavis said after the weekly cabinet meeting, which among other things, increased the upper limit of the economically backward class to rs 6 lakh.
;;0.8442;;the meeting assumes significance as it comes just a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis said that sena representatives will not be inducted into the state's bjp government before it wins the trust vote.
;;0.6486;;as per the directives of the special tada court, rejection of mercy petitions by the president, governor and the orders of the supreme court, yakub abdul razak memon was hanged in nagpur central jail at 7 am, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, told the maharashtra assembly.
;;0.0;;22 pm was put under control, chief minister devendrafadnavis told reporters.
;;0.4019;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has already announced a special audit of reliance infra-led mumbai metro one pvt ltd (mmopl) by the controller and auditor general (cag) to examine the actual expenditure and operating cost, among others, as the government had reservations over the fare hike and escalated cost of the project.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said the government will give rs five lakh to the kin of the deceased.
;;0.0865;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has asked all departments to prepare a list of measures on how to generate more revenue and cut down on expenditure, he said, adding that a special cabinet meeting would be held next month to discuss this.
;;0.0;;based on it, we would decide the further course of action, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, said.
;;0.4019;;yes yakub memon has been hanged at 7 am sharp and his body is being handed over to his family, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said the memorial will be the tallest in the world.
;;0.4404;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said deora was a grassroots leader who was connected with top business leaders as well as the common man.
;;0.5106;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has asked the state police to discontinue the practice of giving the guard of honour in every district, he visits, calling it a waste of time and resources.
;;0.4019;;boosting moralewith collective initiative, we have to boost the morale of farmers and help them tide over the crisis, chief minister devendrafadnavis has said.
;;0.0;;i don't have all the pertinent information with me yet, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said, according to ibn live the issue came to light when a woman, who took the child to the fast-food restaurant in question, posted it on her facebook account.
;;0.0;;fadnavis reveals plans for mumbai filmcitymumbai, jan 7, 2015, dhns: 1:17 iststressing that mumbai and bollywood are inseparable, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the state government has taken up a major modernisation plan for the filmcity here in goregaon, one of the largest studio-complexes in the country.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the government will give rs 5 lakh to the kin of the deceased.
;;0.1027;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, has asked the police to ensure no bets are placed in the city.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is in delhi said, as of now i have not obtained any information about the incident.
;;0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said the maharashtra government will decide on whether to approach the supreme court after going through the order.
;;0.0;;however, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the culprits will be nabbed soon.
;;0.0;;after his name cropped up, the ministry of home affairs took cognisance of the issue and even maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis asked mumbai police commissioner datta padsalgikar to probe into zakir naiks speeches and also his contacts and source of funding.
;;0.4939;;mumbai to get 6,000 cctv cameras by 2016mumbai, feb 7, 2015 (ians): 21:09 istthe long-pending proposal for electronic surveillance in mumbai finally got underway saturday with the maharashtra government signing an agreement to install 6,000 cctv cameras by september 2016, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here.
;;0.0;;in his brief address, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said the 50  of the fdi india received recently had come to maharashtra, which shows how investment-friendly his state is.
;;0.3612;;after the weekly cabinet meeting, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that the plan has been scrapped and the municipal corporation of greater mumbai (mcgm) has been asked to submit a new reworked plan within four months.
;;0.34;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said on tuesday morning that rajan will be brought to mumbai and security arrangements are in place, though he declined to divulge more details.
;;0.0772;;our dream of ban on cow slaughter becomes a reality now, a pleased chief minister devendrafadnavis said in a tweet.
;;0.7269;;it could be judiciary vs legislaturehours after the supreme court ordered the maharashtra government to grant licences to dance bars by march 15, chief minister devendrafadnavis said that it would bring in a legislation, dhns reports from mumbai.
;;0.5574;;maratha reservations: maha govt to approach sc, says fadnavismumbai, nov 14, 2014 (pti): 14:16 istmaharashtra government has decided to approach the supreme court after the bombay high court stayed the decision to give 16 per cent reservation to marathas in public service and educational institutions, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here today.
;;0.0258;;navi mumbai, apr 9, 2016 (pti) 15:16 ista day after chief minister devendrafadnavis said he is fine with the ipl moving out of the drought-affected maharashtra, his party colleague and bcci secretary anurag thakur today warned that doing so will result in a loss of rs 100 cr for the state.
;;0.0;;however, immediately after the cabinet meeting, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who heads the bjp government, told newspersons the government would last its full term.
;;-0.6249;;earlier, a rift developed among agitators as a group of farmers decided to call off the protest after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a partial loan waiver for small and marginal farmers on june 3.
;;0.0258;;paying rich tribute to the departed leader, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said the state had lost an ajat shatru (a person with no enemies).
;;0.0;;, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.5106;;the meeting between the two leaders holds significance as chief minister devendrafadnavis had last week said that doors for shiv sena to join the government still remain open before the winter session begins on december 8.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a compensation of rs 2 lakh to the kin of the deceased.
;;-0.5423;;yesterday, after the 30-second video went viral and sparked a public outrage, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had said, this is a serious matter.
;;0.0;;when contacted, chief minister devendrafadnavis said the decision has nothing to do with political affiliations of the individuals concerned.
