;;-0.1531;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a push to various development projects and government schemes in the naxalite affected gadchiroli district following a review meeting at vidhan bhavan on wednesday.
;;0.3167;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday announced that the state cabinet would give one more chance to farmers who could not submit their loan waiver application.
;;-0.0516;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, this is a serious matter.
;;0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis in 2016 announced setting up a committee to ensure equitable water distribution for the region coming under jurisdiction of the bmc.
;;0.296;;cm devendrafadnavis said the government is looking at creating a digital repository of all maps concerning the state.
;;0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said on tuesday that the state government will seek the assistance of rs 6,813 crore from the centre for flood relief.
;;0.0;;last week, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the marathwada region will be made drought-free in the next few years.
;;-0.4404;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has asked the environment minister, ramdas kadam, to extend by another two months the one-month window to implement the ban.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis earlier in the day announced rs 5 lakh to the kin of each deceased.
;;0.0;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday announced that maharashtra has become an open defecation-free state after constructing over 60 lakh toilets in the last three and a half years.
;;0.1154;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis might have announced a december 2019 deadline for commissioning of the navi mumbai airport, but top officials from the ministry of civil aviation said on thursday that the deadline would be tough to meet.
;;-0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said there was no need for mungantiwar to resign and that he would speak to gandhi over the issue.
;;0.4767;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said his government would soon draft a comprehensive action plan to provide state-of-the-art infrastructure for promotion of sports i am committed to taking all possible steps for promotion of sports.
;;0.0772;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis , replying to a starred question in the house on wednesday, said the jail administration is engaged in tracing out inmates with different psychological disturbances through a self-help group.
;;0.0;;we proved our might, chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;-0.6249;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday said the government would withdraw cases against those booked during the bandh called in the wake of the koregaon bhima violence in january.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis in his pre-winter session address to media said that the market arrivals have gone up as compared to november last year.
;;0.0;;speaking on the occasion, chief minister devendrafadnavis said khasdar sanskrutik mahotsav has become a cultural identity of the city which gives artistes a platform to perform and also fulfils the cultural needs of citizens.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said that all instructions will be given to the local authorities to speed up land acquisition and necessary meetings and committees will be formed to speed up the pending issues regarding the highways.
;;0.0;;pune: chief minister devendrafadnavis has told the civic administration to conduct an inquiry into alleged lapses in the tree census, under way in the city for the past two years.
;;0.0;;devendra fadnavisdownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: the maharashtra cabinet will be expanded on sunday and a final meeting on the ministers to be inducted will be held later saturday night, chief minister devendrafadnavis said in delhi.
;;0.0;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis has asked mayor nanda jichkar to implement zero pendency project in the nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) on the lines of mantralaya.
;;0.0;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minster devendrafadnavis said the state will digitize all government schools by december 2018.
;;-0.7096;;cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citykalyan: cm devendrafadnavis announced compensation for people who suffered losses due to floods in kalyan, badlapur, ulhasnagar and the neighbouring areas.
;;-0.9001;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday announced government job for a family member of the two crpf jawans from buldhana killed in the pulwama terror attack .
;;0.6369;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis has announced a special grant of rs50 crore to the indira gandhi government medical college and hospital (iggmch) to mark the golden jubilee celebrations of the college.
;;0.0;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis said he would give mayors powers to utilize 10  of the additional revenue brought by them in municipal corporations.
;;0.7579;;maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavisaurangabad: the maharashtra government has launched some schemes which will help make the perennially parched marathwada region free of drought, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on tuesday.
;;-0.4404;;cm devendrafadnavis , unfazed by the criticism, said depletion of groundwater level is bound to happen in a year when the state was staring at a drought.
