;;0.3182;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had monday announced that the proposed refinery project would be shifted elsewhere to a place acceptable to the people.
;;-0.6369;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has asked ally shiv sena to stop attacking prime minister narendra modi, cautioning that it will only boomerang on it.
;;0.7845;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra is ready to help jammu and kashmir if it wants to organise an investment summit here post scrapping of its special status and reorganisation, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on monday.
;;0.0;;by ptinagpur: more than one maharashtrians would occupy the prime minister's post by 2050, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here friday.
;;0.25;;the reservation will be granted to the community under a new category, 'socially and educationally backward class', as per the recommendation of the commission, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had said sunday.
;;0.396;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced the bjp would neither field its nominee in the mayoral poll, nor would it demand chairmanship of standing committee or improvements committee in the civic body, paving the way for sena to install its nominee as the mayor.
;;-0.6249;;earlier, a rift developed among agitators as a group of farmers decided to call off the protest after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a partial loan waiver for small and marginal farmers on june 3.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said marathas will be provided reservations over and above the existing 52 per cent quota.
;;0.4588;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had told reporters in akola on wednesday that his government would complete all legal formalities by the end of november to grant reservations to the maratha community.
;;0.0;;|reutersmumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said that his administration is trying to bring all government services on to the smartphone to effect the massive digital transformation which the state is slated to achieve in the next few years.
;;-0.128;;speaking to reporters on the eve of the monsoon session of the assembly, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, we have tried to strike a regional balance.
;;0.4939;;on the other hand, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who addressed the newly elected bjp corporators on monday, told them that they should try to change the system instead of being a part of it.
;;-0.802;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has announced a compensation of rs five lakh for the kin of those killed in the incident and rs 50,000 for the injured persons.
;;-0.296;;addressing a press conference here, chief minister devendrafadnavis said a committee will ascertain causes for the unprecedented floods and suggest measures to avoid their recurrence.
;;0.5423;;there were claims and counter-claims between the maharashtra housing development authority (mhada) and the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) regarding the structure throughout the day even as chief minister devendrafadnavis said the first priority is to save lives.
;;0.6705;;speaking on the occasion, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said: my vision for digital maharashtra is to digitally empower every citizen and increase the state's global competitiveness by creating a highly skilled workforce.
;;0.6705;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said the state government is committed to stand by the sugar mills in the state and will extend all the possible support.
;;-0.296;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, in view of the heavy rainfall, the maharashtra government requested the karnataka government to release water from almatti dam to avoid the flood-like situation in kolhapur region.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced the new airport project, to be named after chhatrapati sambhaji raje, in october 2016.
;;-0.4767;;to another query about who says sorry first in case of argument between the couple at home, devendrafadnavis said, the fact of life is that husband has to say sorry first.
;;0.0;;ever since we have moved here in mumbai, we have never gone out for a movie, devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.5267;;also read | selfie row: maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis defends wife, says she has own intellectto another query about who attends the parent-teacher meetings at their daughter's school or whether the principal himself comes to `varsha' (official residence of the chief minister), devendrafadnavis said their high-profile position does not mean they get any relaxation in norms.
;;-0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said in gadchiroli the maharashtra dgp is examining if there was any lapse that led to the deadly naxal attack.
;;0.4215;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said each flood-hit family in the state will be given rs 5,000 cash while rest of the financial assistance will be deposited in their respective bank accounts.
;;0.0;;however, it is unlikely that the whole of rs 31,000 crore loan amount would be waived off, though chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the waiver would be historic.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: the decision announced by him and uddhav thackeray on the shiv sena-bjp alliance formula was final, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said sunday.
;;0.2263;;mumbai: the bjp unit in maharashtra is prepared for mid-term polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here today.
;;0.0;;we have ordered inspection into all such private residential schools and shall not spare anybody, said chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio.
;;0.0;;by ptinagpur: more than one maharashtrians would occupy the prime minister's post by 2050, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here friday.
;;0.0;;speaking in the assembly earlier in the day, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that marathas will be provided reservation over and above the existing 52 per cent quota in the state.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said the government will give rs five lakh to the kin of the deceased.
;;-0.296;;however, one person is still missing, chief minister devendrafadnavis told the reporters.
;;0.4019;;by ptimumbai: the number of seats meant for the general category students in degree and post-graduate medical courses would be increased to compensate for the decline in the number of seats caused by quota offered to various communities, chief minister devendrafadnavis said sunday.
;;0.765;;while the alliance between the bjp and the shiv sena was finalized ahead of lok sabha elections, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that after deducting the share of smaller parties, rest of the seats would be equally distributed within the two major parties.
;;0.3612;;when the alliance was sealed ahead of the lok sabha polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that in the assembly polls, the bjp and shiv sena would share an equal number of seats after distributing seats to smaller allies.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced the drought-like situation last week in 180 of 355 talukas of the state.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said the building was around 100 years old.
;;-0.5994;;farmers in maharashtra, who had been on a war path from june 1 to press for their various demands, had on june 11 called off their stir after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced loan waiver for them.
;;0.0;;by ptiwashington: the maharashtra government is aspiring to make the state the first trillion-dollar economy by 2025, five years early, by investing in infrastructure, agriculture and services and by leveraging foreign investments in various sectors, chief minister devendrafadnavis has said.
;;0.0;;however, it is unlikely that the whole of rs 31,000 crore loan amount would be waived off, though chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the waiver would be historic.
;;0.5267;;this brave heart had joined #bsf in 2008, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had said on twitter while paying tributes to the braveheart.
;;-0.7906;;chief minister devendrafadnavis told the legislative assembly that criminal cases will be filed against builders who have undertaken illegal construction.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: the country's economy is passing through a slowdown, but it will bounce back within three to six months due to various decisions taken by the union government, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday.
;;0.6251;;chief minister devendrafadnavis told the state legislature that security has been tightened across the city and appealed to people not to panic.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has already said loan waiver to farmers will be considered at an appropriate time.
;;0.3612;;abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: the state government shall complete all the legalities to be able to grant the reservation quota to the maratha community by the end of this month, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday even as sources within the government have indicated that the maharashtra state backward caste commission is likely to submit its report on maratha community to the state government on thursday.
;;-0.2732;;by express news servicemumbai: while stressing that both the principal opposition parties, the congress and the ncp, have lost steam and the vanchit bahujan aghadi (vba) under prakash ambedkar is emerging up as a major opposition force, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has said that the next opposition leader in maharashtra assembly will be from vba.
;;-0.5994;;after talks with shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, the entire process has been stalled, chief minister devendrafadnavis told the lower house of the state legislature after protesters shouted slogans against the proposed mega refinery project from the visitors gallery.
;;-0.434;;meanwhile in mumbai, chief minister devendrafadnavis said the state government wont allow any rallies that are meant to divide society and undermine law and order in the state.
;;0.5423;;by ptinagpur: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has announced that paddy farmers in the state will get a bonus of rs 500 per quintal for the crop.
;;-0.7783;;as the strike by junior maharashtra's doctors, who are protesting a spate of assaults on colleagues by patients' relatives, entered the fourth day today, chief minister devendrafadnavis and the bombay high court asked them to resume work immediately.
;;-0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said there was no need for mungantiwar to resign and that he would speak to gandhi over the issue.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said the government feels marathas are a socially and educationally backward class on basis of quantifiable data studied by the commission.
;;0.0;;world bank's ceo devendrafadnavis said climate change is not only happening, it is happening faster than we thought it would.
;;0.5242;;reacting to the development, chief minister devendrafadnavis said: parivartan is inevitable, irrespective of those who join or dont in our fight for transparency and accountable administration for larger public welfare.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: the maharashtra cabinet will be expanded on sunday and a final meeting on the ministers to be inducted will be held later saturday night, chief minister devendrafadnavis said in delhi.
;;0.0;;read| devendrafadnavis says nda will remain in power for another 25 yearsunder the marathwada water grid, dams will be interlinked and water will be taken to villages.
;;0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said on tuesday that the state government will seek the assistance of rs 6,813 crore from the centre for flood relief.
;;0.3818;;by ptimumbai: the maharashtra government will strive to ensure that the rehabilitation of the flood-affected people in the state is done in record time, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here on thursday.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had last week said that the deadline for first take-off from the airport is being renewed to mid-2020 from the earlier deadline of december 2019.
;;0.1779;;abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: politicians from other parties are joining the bjp to take the development to the people and not for any post, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday as several opposition leaders, including the four mlas who had resigned from the assembly on tuesday, joined the bjp.
;;-0.5719;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio said a probe has been initiated to crackdown the attackers.
;;-0.6597;;by ptimumbai: the capsizing of a boat in arabian sea off the mumbai coast wednesday could have turned into a major tragedy had the indian navy and coast guard not acted quickly, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said while ordering a probe into the mishap that claimed one life.
;;0.0;;he has said that money laundering has taken place in these companies, chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said the conditions and details of the scheme would be finalised by the committee.
;;0.4588;;the developments came a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that maharashtra government will come out with a loan waiver before october 31, which will benefit 1.
;;0.34;;mumbai: shiv senas vishwanath mahadeshwar was formally elected as mumbais new mayor on wednesday after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced on saturday that the bjp will not field its candidate in the election and would play the role of a watchdog of transparency.
;;0.0;;mumbai: the maharashtra government could spend only 45  of total budgetary allocation made for fiscal 2017 as the model code of conduct was in force for four months in entire year, chief minister devendrafadnavis said today.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis earlier in the day announced rs 5 lakh to the kin of each deceased.
;;0.5574;;this time too we (ruling and opposition parties) had a positive discussion over the issue in the chairmans chamber, devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.836;;by ptimumbai: indicating that hopes of forging a fresh alliance with the shiv sena are dim, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said sunday the bjp should aim to win 40 of the 48 lok sabha seats in the state.
