;;0.0;;in 2015, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said police housing was a priority for him and the state was planning to build nearly 5 lakh houses across the state by 2019 for police personnel.
;;0.0;;speaking to mediapersons last week, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, my government is not against waiving loans.
;;-0.7003;;cm devendrafadnavis cm devendrafadnavis day after chief minister devendrafadnavis told all civic agencies to repair roads in the city, alliance partners shiv sena and bjp blamed each other for the pothole problem.
;;-0.34;;nagpur metro has set an example for the nation as there was no dispute at all during land acquisition & i thank all the nagpurians for that, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.0;;yesterday, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had said the government will announce a loan waiver before october 31 and about 1.
;;0.6369;;advertisingmaharashtras move comes a week after chief minister devendrafadnavis told the indian express that the revocation of j&ks special status would be an issue in the elections because every single person in every state, barring 2-3 per cent, supports it, and that the people of maharashtra feel it (kashmir) should be an integral part of the country.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis announced a rs 30,000 crore loan waiver  the biggest such write-off in the states history.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the plan is aimed at optimising the irrigation potential in every district in marathwada.
;;0.4019;;(source: file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the plan is aimed at optimising the irrigation potential in every district in marathwada.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the plan is aimed at optimising the irrigation potential in every district in marathwada.
;;0.743;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the growth and success of the bjp is because of its workers.
;;-0.0258;;rajesh stephengoing all out to impress voters in pimpri-chinchwad, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday announced that penalty tax on unauthorised constructions has been waived by his government.
;;0.4588;;we are setting up a fund of rs 1,000 crore for helping all such manufacturers in defence sector, chief minister devendrafadnavis told reporters at a joint briefing along with defence minister manohar parrikar in mumbai.
;;0.0516;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said the bjp had no role to play in the serving of the notice to raj thackeray.
;;0.0;;earlier, after reviewing the drought situation, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said, the government has set up 12,064 cattle camps and deployed 4,774 water tankers in 12,116 villages.
;;0.4019;;minutes after harshavardhan patil joined bjp, chief minister devendrafadnavis said the party was trying to rope him in for last five years.
;;-0.1779;;after finance minister sudhir muntangiwar presented the budget, chief minister devendrafadnavis told mediapersons, the budget reiterates governments commitment to accord highest priority to welfare schemes for upliftment of farmers, poverty alleviation and generating employment for youths.
;;-0.128;;on march 22, chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced in the state assembly that the government had started the process for setting up a separate police commissionerate in pimpri-chinchwad  a demand made over a decade ago.
;;0.0;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday there is a need to change the perception of politicians in the peoples mind.
;;0.2732;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has said that there is no confusion in the bjp about fighting the maharashtra state elections with the shiv sena, and expressed confidence that he would be cm again if the alliance won.
;;-0.7269;;(file photo)hitting out at maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis over comparing metropolis mumbai with patna, city congress president sanjay nirupam on thursday said that bjp had an inherent hatred for people from uttar pradesh as well as bihar and targets them to conceal its alleged failures.
;;0.4404;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the good rains have helped to almost complete sowing of multiple crops in this kharif season.
;;0.6597;;from land monetisation to seeking the help of financial institutions, the government will explore all available routes to help small and marginal farmers, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on sunday.
;;-0.3182;;reacting to the oppositions conduct, chief minister devendrafadnavis said,they made a mockery of democracy.
;;0.0;;filethe mira-bhayander stretch will soon get a police commissionerate of its own, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced on wednesday.
;;0.3612;;we are also ready to discuss any issues the opposition wants, chief minister devendrafadnavis said while addressing reporters.
;;0.3818;;bjp mla devendrafadnavis said there is clear mention under mrtp about provision for action against the owner and occupier.
;;0.6705;;notably, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had said in december last year that the bjp-led state government succeeded in curbing the farmers suicides by nearly 40 per cent in the worst-affected yavatmal district of vidarbha with the help of baliraja chetna abhiyan.
;;0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , even before he met a delegation of the left-affiliated all india kisan sabha (aiks) that led an estimated 40,000 farmers on a 180-km march from nashik to mumbai, told the vidhan sabha that the state government was sensitive and positive to the demands of the farmers, many of them tribals.
;;0.7506;;b'soon after he exited his crash-landed chopper thursday, chief minister devendrafadnavis said he felt protected by the blessings of the people of maharashtra.
;;0.0772;;when asked about the delay in awarding the contract, chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government was not planning to scrap the tender, but we are working with advocate general about the impact of railways 45-acre plot which was recently included in the project.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the government is working towards providing 12-hour uninterrupted power to the farmers across rural maharashtra.
;;0.7902;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said: late hemant karkare was a very brave and upright police officer and will be revered and remembered forever as a martyr.
;;0.3182;;the core committee meeting discussed the roadmap to strengthen the organisation and administration for which some changes are necessary, chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.0258;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday the maharashtra government will study the uttar pradesh model of farm loan waiver, amid growing demand from across the political spectrum to help the states distressed farmers.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , inaugurating the book village on thursday, said that the state now aims to get unescos book capital of the country or state title for the village.
;;0.6908;;though chief minister devendrafadnavis said he was confident of completing the tenure, he added, in politics, very thing is possible and we are always ready.
;;0.5719;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said the bjp will fulfil mahatma gandhis dream of discontinuing with the congress party after independence and usher in a congress mukt maharashtra after the state polls.
;;0.0;;land records in 40,913 villages across maharashtra will be digitised by august 1, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced.
;;0.0;;(file) land records in 40,913 villages across maharashtra will be digitised by august 1, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced.
;;0.7717;;meanwhile, chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday said he held talks with union minister for external affairs sushma swaraj and union home minister rajnath singh to convey the strong sentiments of people of state about delivering justice to jadhav.
;;-0.3182;;in 2016, chief minister devendrafadnavis asked district authorities to submit a report identifying the hamlets that get isolated during monsoons and propose an action plan.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had recently said the bjp was planning to field someone from the wanaga family in the by-election.
;;0.0;;during the winter session of the assembly, chief minister devendrafadnavis then announced an additional compensation of rs 25,000 for each family.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday asked district officials in drought-hit parbhani district in the marathwada region to set up cattle camps and deploy more water tankers.
;;0.296;;the shiv sena and the bjp will equally share seats as part of a pre-poll alliance for the upcoming assembly elections, chief minister devendrafadnavis said in nagpur on saturday.
;;0.2023;;(source: pti) devendrafadnavis had said he is fine with ipl moving out of the drought hit maharashtra.
;;0.0258;;(source: pti)a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis said he is fine with the ipl moving out of the drought-affected maharashtra, his party colleague and bcci secretary anurag thakur on saturday warned that doing so will result in a loss of rs 100 cr for the state.
;;0.0;;the contractor was also asked to submit bill of entries but did not submit it, chief minister devendrafadnavis said in his reply to a question on this in the legislative council thursday.
;;0.0772;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has said a separate law had become necessary in the wake of a large number of such cases being reported from the districts.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the report suggests 4,600 villages have become water neutral.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said a cabinet expansion is likely before the monsoon session commencing on july 18.
;;0.0;;(file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has said that in order to set up electric vehicle charging stations across the state, the government would frame a policy.
;;0.7469;;but their recollections are also of hope  when maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that his government would attempt to resolve bottlenecks in implementation of the forest rights act, 2006, within six months, the grime and exertion seemed worth it.
;;0.0;;whereas chief minister devendrafadnavis said the state will study the uttar pradesh mode, she said.
;;0.5106;;speaking at the event, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that 11 of maharashtras 36 districts had been declared free of open defecation since the swachh bharat campaign kicked off.
;;0.3182;;with the maharashtra government set to expand the scope of its farm loan waiver scheme ahead of the state polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis told that the legislative assembly thursday that this could cost the state exchequer an additional rs 8,000 crore.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , at internal departmental meetings where the documents were discussed, said, maharashtra should emerge as the leading state in taking forward micro irrigation.
;;0.2732;;(express photo/janak rathod)agitating farmers called off their stir on monday after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government has accepted most of the demands of the farmers.
;;0.0;;speaking in the state legislative assembly, chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government was open to talks with the farmers body, and that it was willing to consider all the demands put forth by farmers and tribals.
;;-0.4404;;after the recent building collapse in dongri that claimed 13 lives, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced redevelopment of 14,207 cessed buildings under the maharashtra housing and area development authority.
;;-0.6486;;intervening, chief minister devendrafadnavis said it would be unfair to stop the oath-taking ceremony following which sena members started sloganeering.
;;-0.4141;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)asserting that he was not against a loan waiver for farmers, chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday said it wasnt a lasting solution for their problems and that the state government had made investments worth rs 30,500 crore to make farmers self-reliant in the state.
;;-0.4939;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said tuesday the mumbai polices cyber crime cell will be directed to take strong action against trolls who had threatened maharashtra congress spokesperson sachin sawant on twitter over the past week.
;;0.6908;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also handles the home portfolio, said that the situation is under control and efforts have been undertaken to bring people from different communities together and restore peace.
;;0.128;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said this on monday at a freewheeling interactive session with the aam aadmi across maharashtra as he fielded a host of questions, from the possibility of a shiv sena-bjp post-poll alliance to water management and solar-driven metros.
;;0.2732;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , commenting on the maratha morcha, had said, the government is committed to maratha reservation in education and employment.
;;0.128;;expressgiving a push to the bjps election campaign, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on monday that everyone was aware of the corruption during the ncp rule, while there was no presence left of other political parties.
;;0.4588;;the developments come a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that maharashtra government will come out with a loan waiver for farmers before october 31, which will benefit 1.
;;-0.4215;;b'in the past, only slogan of garibi hatao (coined by indira gandhi government in early 1970s) was given, but no real work was done on the ground, devendrafadnavis said.
;;-0.4215;;(source: file) in the past, only slogan of garibi hatao (coined by indira gandhi government in early 1970s) was given, but no real work was done on the ground, devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.8537;;meanwhile, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier asked people to celebrate the festival but within the guidelines laid out by supreme court.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said,  at the end of magnetic maharashtra, we expect total investments to be between rs 10 lakh crore and 12 lakh crore.
;;0.1531;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said on thursday said that he had requested his karnataka counterpart to discharge 5 lakh cusecs, a demand which has been accepted.
;;-0.4404;;uddhavs remarks came a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that he would discuss the issue with aaditya, who has spoken out against cutting trees in aarey and staked his reputation as a woke, new age sena leader on this contentious matter roiling mumbai ahead of the assembly elections due in october.
;;-0.296;;chief minister devendrafadnavis told the state assembly on tuesday that no evidence has been found against bhide.
;;0.0;;42 pm: maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis said the budget this time will be farmer-centric.
;;0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, i am deeply moved by the silent protest which displays both the might and also the great restraint by the community.
;;-0.5423;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said: the government was committed to bring a legislation to make non-enforcement of msp a criminal offence.
;;0.0516;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: express archive photo by santosh parab) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: express archive photo by santosh parab)chief minister devendrafadnavis said saturday the government was willing to allocate financial resources along with the centre to help 31 lakh farmers reeling under debt of rs 30,500 crore.
;;0.0;;he said chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that he will order sit inquiry into the affairs of the civic body.
;;0.0;;addressing a farmers rally at raigaon village in kadegaon taluka of sangli district, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, overall, our budgetary allocations for the agriculture sector has gone up many folds.
;;0.0;;claiming that maharashtra had progressed industrially, chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said the state has been able to get maximum investments in industrial sector and generated maximum employment in the country during his five-year tenure.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe statement comes a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the state government wants asias biggest first green oil refinery to come up at nanar in ratnagiri district in the konkan region.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe only people who will decide the seat-sharing are chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp chief amit shah and i, said thackeray while talking to mediapersons on sunday.
;;-0.7258;;(file)the government will not hesitate to take action against those found guilty in koregaon-bhima violence, said chief minister devendrafadnavis during the meeting with bharip bahujan mahasangh president prakash ambedkar.
;;0.0;;advertisingcommenting on the governments emphasis on women plank in the budget, chief minister devendrafadnavis said,  women empowerment is central to the development of any civilised society.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday told the legislative council during question hour, the government is working through various schemes and organisations to curb juvenile crimes.
;;0.4215;;chief minister devendrafadnavis announced this while reviewing the progress of various schemes.
;;0.2263;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had claimed tuesday that maharashtra signed mous worth rs 16 lakh crore at the summit, including rs 12.
;;0.4404;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis has said that pandharpur will be transformed to provide better basic amenities for convenience of 12 lakh warkaris or pilgrims who visit the temple town annually.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the state has enacted a special law to effectively check attacks against mediapersons.
;;0.2263;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file)the bjp unit in maharashtra is prepared for mid-term polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis has said.
;;0.0;;following this, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that bjp was considering to field wangas family members for the bypoll.
;;-0.4588;;after a series of protests in maharashtra last year over the low procurement price of milk, chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced a subsidy of rs 5 per litre for dairy farmers.
;;0.6597;;the bharatiya janata party will never compromise its ideology and seek support from the congress to come to power in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday.
;;0.2732;;we have accepted most of their demands and have given them a written letter, chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.34;;speaking on the occasion, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis said force one, an elite commando force was set up on the lines of national security guards (nsg).
;;0.34;;(file photo) speaking on the occasion, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis said force one, an elite commando force was set up on the lines of national security guards (nsg).
;;0.8271;;a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced free bus rides in areas witnessing increased congestion due to closed bridges, the brihan-mumbai electric supply and transport (best) undertaking started a free bus service in kings circle area on thursday.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the extension will help farmers to avail loan waiver till may 20.
;;-0.5994;;(file)the real tribute to late gopinath munde will be to take ahead his work and bring development to the last man and the last mile, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on sunday, addressing a public gathering organised at parli in beed to observe the fourth death anniversary of former union minister gopinath munde.
;;0.743;;almost all member states are opposed to the niti aayogs proposal to completely remove agriculture commodities from the essential commodities act, however, many are in favour of relaxation in stock restrictions for agriculture goods, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday.
;;0.0;;50 lakh crore infrastructure projects in mumbai and thane and prioritize the sons of the soil in these projects, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on monday.
;;-0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is on a tour of the us and canada, said in a statement, bhaiyyuji maharaj contributed immensely to social welfare work in the field of water conservation, education, land reforms and mass marriages for the poor.
;;-0.4939;;recently, chief minister devendrafadnavis had told the state assembly that at least 86 hectare of land and 82 lakh farmers in 151 talukas and 20 revenue circles were affected by drought this year, which means at least 60 per cent of farmers have been hit by drought.
;;0.5903;;during the enactment of the act, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said a progressive state like maharashtra could not allow social evils in the garb of caste panchayat diktats or rituals.
;;0.0;;watch video | shiv sena breaks 25-year alliance with bjp in maharashtra, to go solo in bmc electionsin first remarks, chief minister devendrafadnavis said the bjp would usher in change in the state on its own.
;;-0.2023;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)the shiv sena on saturday asked maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to apologise to farmers in the state, claiming he had deceived them with fake promises of loan waiver during the 2014 assembly polls.
;;0.4019;;the teetering marriage of bharatiya janata party and shiv sena finally ended on thursday when maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray announced the breakup.
;;0.5267;;district guardian minister girish bapat district guardian minister girish bapattwo months after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced the construction of a separate police commissionerate for pimpri-chinchwad, the search for an ideal location seems to be over.
;;0.7964;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday said that a no-objection letter from the state environment department was obtained before granting an in-principle approval for surveying and giving a cadastral survey number to the foreshore portion on nepeansea road.
;;0.0;;bjp mla devendrafadnavis has claimed that the irrigation backlog is still to the tune of rs 10,000 crore.
;;0.0;;claiming that the congress and ncp will not be able to get even 10 per cent of seats in the upcoming assembly elections, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said prakash ambedkar-led vanchit bahujan aghadi (vba) will stake claim for the post of leader of opposition in state legislative assembly after the polls.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had said as much earlier this month, during the bjps mahajanadesh yatra.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday said the state government has sought help from japan to formulate a long-term plan to tackle floods, which will be financed by the world bank and asian development bank.
;;0.6908;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also handles the home portfolio, has said efforts have been made to bring people from different communities together and restore peace.
;;0.6124;;a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that the bjp would not contest the mayoral polls for the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), it has emerged that back-channel negotiations between leaders of both parties took place over three days before the logjam was resolved following the hung verdict.
;;-0.128;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the demand for incorporating the word -maharaj  was long pending.
;;-0.3182;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said, there was an attempt to create suspicion over the accidental death of justice loya after three years.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday asked opposition parties to introspect, instead of taking to the streets against the use of electronic voting machines (evm) in elections.
;;0.7003;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said instructions had been issued to the prisons department to ensure proper medical care is extended to bhujbal.
;;0.128;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said the government had roped in three private legal firms to assist in drafting rules and laws for the state.
;;0.396;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced the bjp would neither field its nominee in the mayoral poll, nor would it demand chairmanship of standing committee or improvements committee in the civic body, paving the way for sena to install its nominee as the mayor.
;;0.3182;;later, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that insurance companies would be blacklisted if they are held responsible.
;;-0.8658;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said the government would press for death penalty against the guilty.
;;-0.3182;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said, the loss of lives of children due to malnourishment has to be dealt with firmly.
;;0.5106;;referring to the health camps, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis said, one lakh people were given free treatment in beed.
;;0.5106;;(source: file photo) referring to the health camps, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis said, one lakh people were given free treatment in beed.
;;0.2815;;(file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has said that micro-irrigation for agriculture will not only save water but also increase the productivity.
;;0.0;;a day after the state election commission announced dates for elections to municipal corporations in mumbai and nine other cities, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said a pre-poll alliance with the shiv sena will not be driven by a seat-sharing formula but guided by prime minister narendra modis politics of parivartan (transformation).
;;0.7964;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, yes, we have taken the decision to develop six smart cities after weighing in all the parameters prescribed by the centre for smart cities.
;;-0.25;;amid the ongoing agitation of farmers in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis had recently announced the biggest-ever farm loan waiver in the state.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the schemes are oriented to make farmers self-reliant and double their income.
;;-0.6997;;the thought of 55 per cent households living in rural maharashtra with no access to toilets was very disturbing, chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the maharashtra government would take steps to ensure the compulsory teaching of the marathi language as a subject in schools of all boards, including cbse and icse.
;;0.2023;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , while inaugurating the service, said the monorail would no longer remain a joy ride but would offer last mile connectivity to the people.
;;0.5719;;maharashtrathe government will strive to ensure that rehabilitation of flood-affected people is done in record time, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, adding that efforts will be made to make the state drought-free by diverting rain water from konkan region to north maharashtra and marathwada as well as water from wainganga river to vidarbha by constructing a tunnel.
;;0.6369;;in another glimmer of hope for the residents, chief minister devendrafadnavis recently announced that mmrda flats would be constructed for these people close to their original homes.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , expressing his condolences, announced compensation of rs 4 lakh to the next of kin of the deceased, and set up an in-depth inquiry into the incident.
;;0.0;;at a meeting, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the government is all set to put the entire agriculture sector on separate solar feeder to provide quality and consistent power supply to farmers in the state.
;;-0.7964;;in the wake of the building collapse in south mumbais dongri area in july that had resulted in the death of 13 people, chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced that his government will bring a law to make redevelopment compulsory.
;;0.3612;;the state governments impetus on greater investments in the agriculture sector has resulted in generation of rs 40,000-crore income to farmers in the last one year in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday.
;;0.5267;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said the journey of shinde is an inspiration to all as he has risen to all occasions against all odds shinde has put a mark on whichever responsibility he held so far.
;;0.3182;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said, to ascertain the truth, call records of bhide for last six months were checked along with his locations and movements.
;;0.3182;;(express photo/janak rathod) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said, to ascertain the truth, call records of bhide for last six months were checked along with his locations and movements.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, our differences with the shiv sena are not ideological.
;;0.2023;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said on thursday that floodwater is expected to recede faster in the affected western maharashtra districts with karna-taka agreeing to release more water from the almatti dam.
;;0.5647;;(file photo)as farmers in some parts of maharashtra on thursday went on a strike, chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government was trying to resolve the issue through talks but the opposition congress and ncp were instigating them for political gains.
;;0.5242;;watch video | shiv sena breaks 25-year alliance with bjp in maharashtra, to go solo in bmc electionsreacting to the development, chief minister devendrafadnavis said: parivartan is inevitable, irrespective of those who join or dont in our fight for transparency and accountable administration for larger public welfare.
;;0.6369;;technology can never replace people-to-people contact between the government and the people and women are best suited to that role, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday.
;;0.2023;;(express archive)skill development training can promote economically self-reliant entrepreneurs and beat unemployment through job creation in diverse sectors, including agriculture and industries, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday interacting with iti students.
;;-0.8402;;asked about the state governments inaction against right-wing leader sambhaji bhide, accused of inciting the riot, athawale said chief minister devendrafadnavis has told him the police had no evidence against him.
;;-0.6808;;responding to the development, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said the ground had slipped from beneath senas feet, adding that there was no danger to his government.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said that his governments maiden budget was not driven by populist politics but economics to fast track the mission of make in maharashtra.
;;-0.836;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has said that zakir naiks statements are poisonous and can spread hatred in the nation.
;;0.5719;;it further said that after the congress won the rajasthan by-poll, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the congress should only contest the bypolls.
;;0.296;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis also said that creating new states was the prerogative of the narendra modi-led union government and not the state government.
;;0.296;;(express archive) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis also said that creating new states was the prerogative of the narendra modi-led union government and not the state government.
;;0.7269;;speaking to mediapersons after the results were declared, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, i express gratitude to the people of palghar for reposing their faith in the development work of the government.
;;0.8885;;(file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis said tuesday the socio-economic transformation drive of the state government with peoples participation could be further motivated by roping those engaged in ethical businesses to bring in greater investments and deliver change in public life.
;;0.5859;;at a meeting held with national agriculture cooperative marketing federation of india (nafed), chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the state government was committed to provide both financial and logistic support to farmers cultivating cereals such as tur and harbara.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis says that the ambedkar bhavan will be rebuilt by the end of the month.
;;0.0;;(source: file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis says that the ambedkar bhavan will be rebuilt by the end of the month.
;;0.4215;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said in his message: we have lost a great leader and reformer of the cooperative movement.
;;0.0;;almost two years after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced rs 34,000-crore farm loan waiver, district central cooperative banks (dccbs) seem to have benefited more than the nationalised banks under the scheme.
;;0.0;;devendra fadnavis (file) devendrafadnavis (file)while loan waiver is going to lead to financial constraints, it will not impact development projects in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday.
;;0.3818;;at the states annual kharif review meeting held on friday, chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the government would prioritise agriculture, water conservation and finance and was planning to consolidate the agriculture (and allied sector) growth from 12.
;;0.0772;;a large number of people are participating in the jalyukt shivar scheme which is aimed at eliminating water scarcity in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on sunday.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who met prime minister narendra modi and party chief amit shah in delhi on thursday, told reporters that he had submitted a report on the issue to shah.
;;0.0;;file photothe water transport project along the east coast between ferry wharf (bhaucha dhakka) and nerul (navi mumbai) will start from march 2018, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on tuesday.
;;-0.5994;;farmers in maharashtra, who had been on a war path from june 1 to press for their various demands, had on june 11 called off their stir after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced loan waiver for them.
;;0.0;;advertisingmaharashtra: chief minister devendrafadnavis said the centres decision had foiled the attempts of pakistan and the then congress government to separate the state from india.
;;0.2732;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said, the government is committed to providing home to every adivasi family.
;;-0.1779;;people will teach the congress-ncp the lesson of their lives in the upcoming assembly elections, said chief minister devendrafadnavis , who was referring to the two parties arrogance despite facing a rout in the lok sabha elections.
;;0.4404;;pti photo)altogether 179 pilgrims from maharashtra are among those stranded at various places after a massive landslide in uttarakhand and all of them are safe, chief minister devendrafadnavis told the assembly on saturday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who chaired the cabinet meeting, said, through self-help groups, women from minority communities will be provided all required infrastructure and financial aid.
;;0.6808;;mumbai rains: nearly 1,000 passengers rescued from mahalaxmi expressadvertisingat least 1,000 passengers, including nine pregnant women, were rescued from the mahalaxmi express that was stranded near vangani in thane district due to waterlogging on tracks following heavy rains, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday.
;;0.4404;;in election modebefore embarking on his month-long rath yatra to various parts of the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis has asked his bureaucrats to walk the extra mile in order to effectively implement public welfare schemes at the ground level.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis said the government would set up fast track courts for trial of these cases.
;;0.0;;(source: file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis said the government would set up fast track courts for trial of these cases.
;;0.6705;;in the press conference, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the two parties would contest an equal number of seats and leave the remaining for other parties in the alliance.
;;0.0;;following this, chief minister devendrafadnavis had asked the dgps office to probe the allegations made by mujawar.
;;0.0;;(file)once a project is sanctioned, prime minister narendra modi does not let the concerned ministers and officers sleep till it is completed, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday.
;;0.0;;during a roadshow in ncp chief sharad pawars home turf on saturday, chief minister devendrafadnavis said that baramati was all set for parivartan.
;;0.0;;responding to the development, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said: look who one has invited after the ground has slipped from beneath their (sena) feet.
;;0.8402;;maharashtra is poised to become a trillion-dollar economy by 2025 with the support of good governance and robust policies, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday at the india economic summit 2018.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the government will give rs 5 lakh to the kin of the deceased.
;;0.5267;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/files) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/files)ahead of the bjp rally in the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said that the objective is to display the vastness of the party and inculcate confidence in grassroot workers for the big battle ahead (elections) in maharashtra and india.
;;-0.6997;;the thought of 55 per cent households living in rural areas with no access to toilets was very disturbing, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said while maintaining that all resources and manpower were pooled to build the toilets.
;;0.4404;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , however, told the assembly today that all of them are safe.
;;0.802;;taking a step forward towards the development of kalyan-dombivli as a smart city and unveiled the governments plan, chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said, smart cities cannot be a reality unless it is adequately backed by smart planning.
;;-0.5584;;despite recurring droughts and a severe water crisis in marathwada and vidarbha, maharashtra remained a most favoured destination for investors, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday while launching mission drinking water.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis told the state assembly that the government will urge the centre to consider its proposal.
;;0.0772;;advertisingat a meeting held in mumbai, chief minister devendrafadnavis also said that the decrease in medical seats in open category due to reservation for various social communities in the state will be compensated by increasing the number of seats.
;;0.2516;;emphasising the urgent need to reduce vehicular population on city roads by strengthening the eco-friendly public transport system, chief minister devendrafadnavis said saturday that if the number of vehicles continued to grow unabated, pune, the educational and cultural capital of india, will soon get a new identity  most polluted city of the country.
