maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the bharatiya janata party (bjp) was prepared for mid-term polls in the state, remarks that come as both friends and foes have sought to corner his government on the issue of farm-loan waiver.
some people said (when the farmers agitation was on) that they will bring the government down, will withdraw support.
i said we are ready for mid-term polls.
if someone wants to impel us to go for mid-term polls, i am confident we will be able to form the government again, fadnavis told reporters here without naming any party.
the bjps ally in the government, the shiv sena, has been even more vocal than the opposition parties in pressing for a complete waiver of farm loans.
on sunday, the fadnavis government had announced a waiver of farm loans with some riders, after which the farmers had withdrawn their strike.
buoyed by the bjps success in maharashtra local governing bodies polls, held in the recent past, fadnavis exuded confidence that people of the state were with the saffron party notwithstanding various agitations.
this success was unprecedented and no other party achieved such success.
the congress-ncp couldnt attain this success even during their heyday.
so, people believe in this government, fadnavis said.
talking to a marathi news channel recently, shiv sena mp sanjay raut had suggested that his party would withdraw support to the government if the loan waiver was not announced.
indiaupdated: sep 04, 2019 11:15 istramesh solanki, a member of shiv sena it cell, has filed a police complaint against netflix alleging that the us-based online streaming service is defaming hindus and india through shows hosted on its platform.
in his complaint given at mumbais lt marg police station, solanki has cited examples of series like sacred games, laila and ghoul, along with shows of standup comedian hasan minhaj to accuse netflix of trying to paint an incorrect picture of hindus and india globally.
almost every series on netflix india is with the intention to defame the country on a global level.
it is with deep-rooted hinduphobia that the platform is portraying the nation in a bad light, solanki has stated in his complaint.
i urge the authorities to look into all of the above-mentioned content and take the necessary steps from summoning their team to cancelling their licenses as deemed fit.
one cannot allow an incorrect generalisation based on bogus rhetoric trying to defame a religious minority i.
e.
hindu in countries other than india, he added.
solanki has urged police to take necessary legal action against netflix for hurting hindu sentiments.
a copy of the complaint has also been sent to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and mumbai commissioner of police.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
chief minister devendrafadnavis request for noise rules relaxation violates the supreme court orders, said anti-noise campaigners.
fadnavis has requested the ministry for environment, forest and climate change to allow district collectors, and not the state government, to decide on which 15 days in a year they want to relax the noise restrictions for their particular district.
on tuesday, the cm met union environment minister anil dave for expediting a number of infrastructure projects.
based on a proposal submitted by the state environment department, the cm requested the centre for noise rule exemption.
at present, relaxation of 15 days a year is given for noise limit.
the government of maharashtra requested to consider a district as a unit instead of the state and empower collectors, the cm tweeted.
anti-noise campaigners said an order passed by the supreme court in 2005 allows only the state government to take a call regarding exemptions, not districts.
the power to grant exemption is conferred on the state government.
it cannot be further delegated.
the power shall be exercised by reference to the state as a unit and not by reference to districts, so as to specify different dates for different districts, read an order passed by the then chief justice of india rc lahoti and ashok bhan.
the sc verdict added, we make it clear that the scope of exemption cannot be widened.
if this is attempted to be done, then the conferring power to grant exemption may be liable to be struck down as a violative of articles 14 and 21 (equality before law and protection of life and personal liberty).
the order was reiterated by the bombay hc in august last year.
a bench of justices abhay oka and amjad sayed had directed the state to clarify its government resolution on the exemption given 15 days in a year, for use of loudspeakers between 10pm and midnight.
noting that only 12 days have been specified, the power of exemption from noise pollution rules can be exercised by the government and cannot be delegated to anyone else.
the exemption will not be available in silence zones, the order read.
officials from the state environment department said it was a union legislation and the ministry could change the rules.
each district has its own unique identity.
the issue that we face is different districts have different ganeshotsav immersions or durga puja celebrations.
in such a situation we have to sometimes accommodate an extra day from the already sanctioned 15 days, said satish gavai, principal secretary, state environment department.
the district has to be the unit to issue the notification and not the state.
the move comes months after the state had failed to implement the notification till the first day of ganeshostav 2016.
ht had reported that ganesh mandals across the state were clueless about the relaxation of noise norms on september 4, 2016, the first day of the festival.
following the report, the secretariat was forced to function on monday  a holiday  to issue a notification.
the shiv sena on monday continued its diatribe against the bharatiya janata party-led government over the law-and-order situation in maharashtra following the bhima koregaon violence and the kamala mills compound fire.
an editorial in the sena mouthpiece saamana slammed chief minister devendrafadnavis for saying the law-and-order in the state was fine when the government has so far failed to arrest the accused in the bhima koregaon and kamala mills fire incidents.
fadnavis, while addressing a curtain-raiser for an upcoming investment summit in mumbai on saturday, had said: even today, the law-and-order situation in maharashtra is absolutely good, there is no problem with it.
several industrial hubs across the state had witnessed unrest during last weeks dalit protests.
even after the riots in bhima koregaon and the subsequent protests that went out of control, the chief minister is saying with confidence that law and order in the state is good, and theres nothing to worry.
we are happy, but the accused in the kamala mills compound fire are still at large, and who is putting pressure on the municipal commissioner?
the state government has to give a reply to the people, the editorial in the marathi daily said.
sena chief uddhav thackeray on saturday had raised questions about the ability of the states police machinery to apprehend the accused.
there is a need to check whether the government is under political pressure to not the arrest the accused, thackeray said.
this statement came after civic chief ajoy mehtas statement that he was under political pressure to not take action against restaurants violating fire safety norms.
the sena also took on the state government for announcing rewards for the three accused in exchange for information on the three partner-owners of the pub 1above in kamala mills.
the owners of 1above are absconding after such an incident, and the police and the government have announced a reward of rs 1 lakh to mock the victims of the fire.
it means that the government is putting the responsibility of catching the accused on the people, it said.
the bharatiya janata party has emerged undisputed winner in the mini-assembly elections in maharashtra, shrugging off its tag of being an urban-based party by sweeping the countryside too.
the bjp is now set to rule eight of the 10 cities and nearly half the 25 district councils that went to the polls.
the party is ahead in 12 of the district councils that run the rural areas; it won just one last time.
the bjp has more than doubled its tally of district council seats -- 397 as against 187 the last time when it was placed fourth.
the comparison is telling: in the 25 outgoing district councils, the ncp held 518 seats, followed by the congress with 438, and the shiv sena with 241.
in the results announced on thursday (76 results were not in), the ncp got 336 seats and the congress 293, their tally falling steeply.
the sena gained marginally with 259 seats.
the bjp led by chief minister devendrafadnavis has clearly consolidated the gains of the 2014 assembly elections in maharashtra, once seen as a bastion of the congress, moving from number four to number one.
the congress is now number four.
barring mumbai and thane, the bjp won a clear mandate in seven civic bodies and may need the support of the shiv sena in ulhasnagar, where it is falling just short of the halfway mark.
in nashik, the party wrested power from the maharashtra navnirman sena (mns).
besides sweeping its citadel vidarbha, the bjp made inroads in western maharashtra and marathwada.
in latur, state labour minister sambhaji patil nilangekar wrested control of the district council, which was ruled by the congress deshmukh clan  first vilasrao deshmukh and then his son amit deshmukh.
though the bjp emerged the largest party in beed, it lost 8 out of 10 seats in parali, the constituency of women and child welfare minister pankaja munde, to the ncp.
an upset munde announced that she had sent her resignation to cm fadnavis owning up for the failure.
the ncp with a network of cooperative institutions retained most of the district councils in western maharashtra, except sangli.
contrary to predictions, the bjp weathered the perceived distress caused by demonetisation to farmers and farm workers.
the action taken by the fadnavis government to rein in district banks and cooperative societies did not go against the bjp.
surprisingly, the demonetisation does not seem to have worked against the bjp and this may prove to be a boost to the party, said prakash bal, political analyst.
a plentiful harvest in 2016 and imports drive some prices down 63 .
a shortage of cash because of demonetisation.
despite rs 3.
5 lakh crore  enough to build 545 tehri-sized dams  invested over six decades to 2011, more than half of all farms depend on rains.
these are the three factors agitating indians who depend on farming  90 million families, or 54.
6  of indias 1.
2 billion people.
as anger sweeps rural madhya pradesh after the death of six farmers in police firing, farm protests roil rural maharashtra -- wholesale markets are shut, produce is being dumped on streets -- and governments of the debt-ridden states struggle to respond to demands for loan waivers, an indiaspend analysis and reportage from rural maharashtra explores why farmers are both angry and desperate.
the primary reason farming is unviable in india is that farms are now among the worlds smallest (the global average land-holding size is 5.
5 hectares)  too many people are dependent on shrinking farms.
since 1951, the per capita availability of land has declined by 70 , from 0.
5 hectares to 0.
15 hectares in 2011, and is likely to decline further, according to ministry of agriculture data.
such small and marginal land-holdings, as they are called, now constitute 85  of the number of operational farms in the country, according this 2015-16 report on the state of indian agriculture.
it is hard to use modern machinery on small farms, the owners of which are often too poor to afford farm equipment.
manual labour increases costs, but labour too has been in short supply, as workers migrate to cities.
further, their size and output limits access to loans and institutional credit.
those are the larger issues.
here are the three reasons for the current turmoil, gleaned by indiaspends analysts and reporters:1.
after back-to-back droughts, a good harvest, but incomes fallas 2017 rolled in, the news from indias farms appeared good.
after droughts in 2014 and 2015, a good monsoon in 2016 reversed two years of rural economic decline.
indias agricultural growth contracted 0.
2  in 2014-15 and grew no more than 1.
2  in 2015-16, because of the back-to-back droughts.
in 2016-17, the agricultural economy grew 4.
1 .
across many states growing pulses, such as maharashtra, karnataka, telangana and gujarat, markets were flooded with produce, especially tur (pigeon pea), which witnessed the highest growth among all pulses, an important source of protein for a majority of indians.
india is the worlds largest pulses producer.
however, an influx of pulses from myanmar, tanzania, mozambique and malawigrowing 20  over two financial quarters, from september 2016 to march 2017, the business standard reported on march 3, 2017caused the price of indian tur to plunge.
from rs 11,000 per quintal (from december 2015), the price of tur fell 63  to rs 3,800-4,000 per quintal  20  below the minimum support price (msp)the price at which government buys farm produceof rs 5,050 per quintal (including a bonus of rs 425) since december 2016 as indiaspend reported on april 12, 2017.
the table above explains how production of pulses rose 29 , from 17.
15 million tonnes in 2014-15 to 22.
14 million tonnes in 2016-17.
tur production increased 50 , from 2.
81 million tonnes to 4.
23 million tonnes, over the same period.
the msp for tur should be increased to rs 6,000 per quintal in 2017 and rs 7,000 per quintal in 2018, a government committee headed by chief economic adviser arvind subramanian recommended in september 2016.
as on march 2017, the minimum support price for tur was rs 5,050 per quintal, nearly 20  (18 ) lower than the prices recommended by the committee on pulses.
as these prices crashed, farmers found it harder to find money to store their produce and prepare for the next season because demonetisationthe withdrawal of 86  of indias currency, by value, on november 2016 left them starved of cash.
2.
how demonetisation  and government red tape  left farmers short of cashon may 18, at around noon, 30-year-old prashant lande waited under a harsh summer sun to sell 800 quintals of tur at the amravati agricultural produce market committee (apmc), 664 km east of indias financial capital, mumbai.
from kinhala village in amravati districts ashti taluka, in maharashtras eastern region of vidharbha, lande said he refuses to sell his 800 quintals of tur to the government procurement centre, although the state buys tur at a higher rate.
at the market, lande could sell his tur at rs 3,800 to rs 4,000 per quintal, while the government buying centre offered rs 5,050 per quintal.
we dont sell to the government centre because the process of selling takes one month  from standing in line for the token to the sale to finally when the payment reaches the account, said lande.
our fellow farmers who have sold their produce at the procurement centre on march 22, are yet to receive their payments and it is nearly june!
it does not help that the effects of demonetisation continue to to be felt across the rural economy.
right after demonetisation, tomato farmers in karnataka and tamil nadu, and onion farmers in maharashtra and gujarat, were the worst hit as prices fell by 60-85 , indiaspend reported on january 18, 2017.
with little respite more than six months later, the experiment has aggravated the circumstances leading to the current farmers strike.
by now we should have begun preparing our fields for the monsoons, but because of demonetisation and the unavailability of cash, we are still struggling to find money for sowing, said lande.
at such a time, farmers like lande turn to credit.
up to 57  of farm families in maharashtra are indebted; the figure for india is 52 , according to the national sample survey organisations 2013 situation assessment survey of farm households, the latest available data.
this indebtedness has widespread consequences.
more farmers committed suicide in maharashtra (4,291) in 2015 than any other state, rising 7  from 4,004 in 2014, followed by karnataka (1,569) and telangana (1,400), as indiaspend previously reported in january 2017.
now, after uttar pradeshs new government waived rs 30,792 crore of farm loans, pressure is building on the governments of maharashtra, madhya pradesh, tamil nadu and karnataka to do the same.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has been reluctant to do so, but with his governments coalition partner, the shiv sena, and other parties preparing for a political agitation, he may find it hard to exercise fiscal prudence.
3.
in an era of climate change, 52  of indian farmers without irrigationthe basic problem across most of rural india is that despite the spread of irrigationa sector plagued by unfinished projects and corruption52  of indias farms still depend on the vagaries of rain, which is becoming increasingly uncertain in an era of climate change.
extreme rainfall events in central india, the core of the monsoon system, are increasing and moderate rainfall is decreasing  as a part of complex changes in local and world weather  according to a clutch of indian and global studies, as indiaspend reported on april 15, 2015.
the droughts of 2014 and 2015 in rural maharashtra were mitigated by the plentiful rains of 2016, but many parts of the state also endured floods.
uncertain weather affects the ability of government extension systems to provide accurate advice to farmers.
the government encouraged us to grow more tur in the kharif (july to october) season, since these crops consume less water and are in high demand, said lande, the vidarbha farmer.
we would not have faced so much loss over the last three years, had there been a proper system of canals.
despite six decades of irrigation, less than 50  (or 66 million hectares of indias net-cultivated area of 140 million hectares) as irrigated, according to the 2015-16 state of agriculture report.
groundwater provides water for two-thirds of indias irrigated land, but those levels are falling from overuse.
from the first five year plan (1951-56) to the eleventh (2006 to 2011), the central government has spent a total of rs 3.
51 lakh crore, as we said, on major irrigation and flood control projects characterised by time and cost overruns, shows this 12th five year plan (2012-2017) report.
on july 1, 2015, prime minister narendra modi launched the pradhan mantri krishi sinchayee yojana (pmksy)or the prime ministers farmers irrigation programmewith a budget of rs. 50,000 crores over five years (2015-16 to 2019).
the motto of the pmksy is har khet ko pani (water to every field) and more crop per drop.
in 2015-16, less than a third (rs 312 crore) of rs 1,000 crores set aside for micro-irrigation was released, reveals this government report.
of this, upto april 2016, no more than rs 48.
3 crore, or less than 5 , was actually spent, according this micro-irrigation financial progress monitoring report.
the government set rs 1,763 as the 2016-17 micro-irrigation target, but no data on results have been released.
the micro-irrigation programme covers an area of 6,51,220 hectares, or 0.
46  of net cultivated area.
(salve is an analyst with indiaspend.
saldanha is an assistant editor with indiaspend.
vivek is an analyst with indiaspend.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday drove out the first made-in-india jeep compass out of the fiat chrysler automobile (fca)s ranjangaon assembly line near pune.
this puts india in the league of nations -- china, brazil and mexico -- who manufacture and export the jeep compass.
the compass will be in full production in july and vehicles are expected to arrive in dealerships across india during the third quarter of 2017 in three variants: sport, longitude and limited, the company said in a statement.
jeep compass factfile 1.
4-litre multi-air petrol engine | 160hp power | 250 nm torque2.
0-litre ecodiesel engine?
|?
170 hp power | 350nm torquesix-speed manual and seven-speed automatic dual dry clutch technology (ddct) gearboxesjeep active drive 4 x 4 system50+ safety features, comes with six airbags as standardproduction to start in julybesides fadnavis, fcas chief operating officer (apac region non-china) paul alcala, fca india president and md kevin flynn; ceo of fiapl gurpratap boparai, and pune guardian minister girish bapat were present.
we thank the hon.
cm @dev_fadnavis and the support of the @makeinindia campaign for gracing the occasion.
pic.
twitter.com/sxsuk0zlqb  jeep india (@jeepindia) june 1, 2017fiat chrysler automobiles has invested around $280 million to make the jeep compass at the ranjangaon plant, its joint venture with tata motors.
this will be fcas sole manufacturing facility that will supply jeep compass suvs to all international right-hand drive markets.
take a look at the unique manufacturing processes which make the jeep compass an engineering marvel.
#knowyourcompass #oiiiiiiio #jeepindia pic.
twitter.com/lpe8l2qndk  jeep india (@jeepindia) may 30, 2017in india, the compass will come with petrol and diesel engines mated to either manual or automatic gearboxes, in 50 combinations and value packages, claims the company.
the roll out comes around 23 months after cm fadnavis along with a high level delegation met senior fca officials in june 2015 at the companys headquarters in auburn hills, michigan in the united states.
the delegation discussed fcas investment strategy in maharashtra and reaffirmed the state governments interest in strengthening ties with fca, besides offering full support to the companys manufacturing, said the statement.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday ordered a high-level probe after a farmer was allegedly beaten up by security guards at mantralaya, the state headquarters, on thursday.
fadnavis, while making a statement in the lower house on friday, said the guards did not thrash the farmer instead he bit one of the policemen on duty.
he added that after the farmer demanded compensation after loss of his shade net in unseasonal rainfall in 2015, the agriculture department extended an offer of 50  grant, but he did not avail the facility and refused to pay 25  of the expenditure.
rameshwar bhusare, 32, a farmer from a village in kannad taluka in aurangabad, had alleged that he was thrashed by the security on duty in the mantralaya on thursday.
meanwhile, the opposition leaders alleged that the police tried to suppress the case and wrongly implicate the farmer.
ongress and ncp leaders visited marine lines police station and demanded an explanation for delay in registering a case.
the leaders also alleged that police tried to file false case of attempt to commit suicide.
the farmer also claimed that the guards, while taking him to the police station from the mantralaya, tried to strangulate him.
meanwhile, police have denied the allegations and said the farmer bit one of the guards when he was asked to leave.
what is the use of having a 56-inch chest or even a 5,000-inch one, if there is no heart inside it?
you say dr manmohan singh wears a raincoat while taking bath.
did he not cover rbi governor urjit patel in the very same raincoat when the latter was being torn apart by the parliamentary committee questioning him on your demonetisation?
one might be forgiven for thinking the first statement was from arvind kejriwal and the second one by rahul gandhi at the up or punjab elections.
but this is now what is an emerging vintage uddhav thackeray, going hammer and tongs, at the bjp day-after-day as he fights the biggest battle of his life  the polls to the brihanmumbai municipal corporation on february 21.
so this one has come up as a favourite of his supporters: the bjp is like an elephant gone out of control.
it needs the restraining hand of a mahout to keep it in check .
the shiv sena is that mahout.
i do not think anyone in the bjp, which has in turn labelled the shiv sena as kauravas who need to be destroyed at these polls, quite appreciates the manner in which uddhav and his party seem to be turning the tables on them.
for example, when bjp mp kirit somaiyya charged the sena with corruption in the bmc, sena mp rahul shevale had an unanswerable comeback  how come you were partners with us for 20 years in that corruption?
the bjp is shaking with anger at not just the mahout comment but also the senas coup with speaking to the leader of the patidar movement, hardik patel, from neighbouring gujarat.
while patel could do much damage to the bjp at the gujarat elections later this year with the senas backing and resources, the significance of his meeting with uddhav right now is not lost on anyone in the party.
the bjp seems to be living in a 2014 bubble believing that its good showing during both the lok sabha and assembly elections that year will coast it to victory even at the civic polls.
but while two years is a long time for things to remain static and people also vote differently at different elections, they are waking up to the fact that they can no longer take the gujarati vote for granted.
even without the pain of demonetisation that affected both the rich and the poor (gujarati entrepreneurs and north indian workers) the most  the middle-classes were much better off during that drive  gujaratis may still have preferred the shiv sena for the simple reason that they wish to be left in peace to conduct their business.
it is prudent to keep the sena in power in the bmc for an uncaged tiger would be much more difficult to deal with in the future.
but now, uddhav, who knows he may have bagged much of this vote already, is also setting the congresss teeth on edge by bringing to the fore the issues that the congress should have raised in the first place.
in a bid to lay bare the pretensions of the bjp government in the state, uddhav has pointed out that the metro rail and other projects were not the bjps plans for the city.
these were formulated by the previous congress government; all that chief minister devendrafadnavis is doing is either laying foundation stones or cutting ribbons for projects started or completed by the congress.
congress city president sanjay nirupam was not amused.
the party has been running a negative campaign against the shiv sena for months, concentrating mostly on potholed roads (which now even the bjp is using as a weapon against its ally) and water and electricity, which the bmc has failed to provide in full measure to the people.
the party quite forgot to show case its own achievements like the eastern freeway which has made life so much easier for motorists or, yes, the metro and mono rails saving time on suburban commutes to office goers and others.
but listening to uddhav thackeray i am beginning to believe that he has finally moved out of the shadow of his father  his whipping criticism of the bjp is not unlike bal thackeray s but he is tearing huge chunks off the bjps sides with such a smile on the face (of the tiger, dare i say?
) that it is leaving bjp leaders flustered and speechless.
the tiger is indeed riding the elephant and it makes for quite a riveting picture!
for the past few weeks, the opposition congress and nationalist congress party as well as ruling ally shiv sena have been demanding loan waiver for farmers, who are in distress due to several reasons, including falling prices of their produce.
they wanted the bharatiya janata party (bjp) government to announce the farm loan waiver as part of states annual budget that was presented by finance minister sudhir mungantiwar on saturday.
the ruling bjp did not accept the demand because the state government wont be able to divert over rs30,000 crore needed to waive off loans of farmers in the state due to its delicate financial condition.
the burden of debt on the state has reached rs4 lakh crore.
due to the demonetisation effect, it has failed to get the desired revenue collection.
it is hoping that the revenue situation will improve with the introduction of the goods and services tax (gst) in july this year.
navigating through the financial trouble will be a tough task for mungantiwar.
as such, chief minister devendrafadnavis has lobbed the ball to the central government, seeking its help to write off the loans taken by the farmers from various institutions.
however, ministers in fadnavis government are not hopeful that the centre will accept the demand.
delhi is wary of similar demands coming from other states which could mean huge burden on its coffers, they say.
in the days to come, the demand for loan waiver will get louder as the opposition will try to corner the fadnavis government on the issue.
fadnavis has been repeatedly pointing out that the loan waiver is not a solution to the farmers problems and a better idea is to invest in building agricultural infrastructure.
he is right but the fact is that he is not the first chief minister to say so.
his congress predecessor prithviraj chavan was also of the similar view.
however, the then opposition parties bjp and shiv sena had vehemently demanded loan waiver.
and this is the problem with our politicians.
their stand on several issues is decided by where they arein the ruling side or in the opposition.
ideally, certain issues that are in the interest of the people and the state should be above politics but that is not a practice that our politicians follow.
whether it is farm loan waiver or the gst, the stand of each political party is guided by its agenda.
cant there be a minimum agenda that shouldnt change no matter which party comes to power?
that will also stop political posturing just to get votes.
agrarian crisis in maharashtra surely qualifies for this.
for the past few years, farmers have been facing one problem after another drought, heavy rainfall or hailstorm and falling prices of farm products.
in the last 10 years, 17,861 farmers have committed suicide even after the government spent rs33,627 crore on various loan waivers and packages as hindustan times reported last week.
it also shows loan waiver cannot be a permanent solution to the farmers problems.
experts have been pointing out that the solution to the agrarian crisis includes a variety of measures: the government needs to invest heavily in water conservation (fadnavis jalyukt shivar yojna is a good step towards it) and effective water management.
it also needs to provide better access to markets by cutting the layers of middlemen.
at the same time, farmers need to be given alternatives such as horticulture, animal husbandry, floriculture and poultry to increase their income and reduce dependency on farming.
there should be an easier way for them to get institutional credit for agriculture or allies activities.
if our politicians are really bothered about farmers plight, then why dont they keep their political differences aside and sit together to work out a mechanism to deal with this issue?
why cant our elected representatives convene a special session of maharashtra legislature and work out a long-term common minimum programme to tackle agrarian crisis effectively?
the us-based ford motor company has decided to make an investment of $50 million (around rs340 crore) in maharashtra for setting up a centre of excellence for integrated mobility in the state and explore smart urban mobility modes of transport.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is in the us as part of the last leg of his 8-day foreign tour, also sought assistance from the world bank for multimodal transport corridor in the mumbai metropolitan region (mmr) and rural livelihood project for providing sustainable livelihood enhancements in 10,000 villages of the state.
the @ford motor company submits a 50 million usd investment proposal for setting up center of excellence for integrated mobility in maharashtra and to explore smart urban mobility to implement integrated mobility solutions across the state, fadnavis tweeted after a meeting with marcy klevorn, executive vice-president and president, mobility and brett wheatley, vice-president, mobility and growth, ford motor company at washington dc.
the company has, on november 24 last year, already signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) for common mobility solution and scoping assessment for a common mobility solution for commuters across multiple modes of transport such as buses, trains, taxis, autos, metro and so on.
in another meeting, devendrafadnavis , ceo, world bank, also assured fadnavis that the bank would consider the states demand for assistance to multimodal transport corridor in mmr and rural livelihood project positively.
kristalina georgieva @kgeorgieva, ceo, @worldbank assured us for positive consideration to both the projects and also assured more support for rural solar grid and drought mitigation.
worldbank also appreciated maharashtras model of consent driven land acquisition, fadnavis said in a series of tweets.
the chief minister was also felicitated with outstanding leadership in development award by georgetown university and centre for strategic and international studies (csis) at washington dc.
it is a global award given annually to a remarkable leader who could be either head of state or a sub-national entity, said a statement released by the chief ministers office on friday.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the government will change the law to bring in stringent measures to make marathi a compulsory subject in all non-state board schools.
according to a government resolution issued by the education department on june 20, 2012, it is compulsory for cbse, icse, international board (ib) and other board schools to teach marathi to students until class 8.
responding to a question raised by sena legislator neelam gorhe, fadnavis told the legislative council: it has been brought to my notice that many non-state board schools such as cbse and icse schools do not teach marathi, despite the rule.
we will bring in stringent measures to ensure schools teach marathi.
gorhe said a delegation of writers and activists have planned a protest on monday over the issue.
in response, fadnavis said, i will meet this delegation on monday, and address their issues.
vinod tawde, minister for marathi language and culture, will also be present with me.
firing a fresh salvo at the bharatiya janata party, the shiv sena on monday said if it could garner larger number of seats in maharashtra assembly polls in 2014 it was due to certain unfortunate circumstances prevailing, but that does not mean that it had the mandate to divide the state.
you (the bjp) got more seats (during the 2014 state assembly polls) and the cms post in unfortunate circumstances but that does not mean you have got the license to divide maharashtra, an editorial in senas mouthpiece saamana said, making a reference to the bjps preference for smaller states.
read: bjp-senas 25-yr-old alliance might not survive the upcoming mumbai civic pollsif attempts are made to divide the state, the biggest opposition will come from people in the vidarbha region itself, it said .
the cm (devendra fadnavis) and other bjp leaders have a political relation with maharashtra.
but do they have any emotional relation left ?
the bjp may believe in having smaller states but they should experiment this policy with other states like gujarat, karnataka, kerala, tamil nadu or west bengal.
do not try dividing maharashtra, the sena said.
read: mumbai civic polls: uddhav thackeray comes out all guns blazing, targets bjp over multiple issueshaving decided against any electoral pact with the bjp, sena has stepped up attack on the senior partner and raked up its advocacy of smaller states for better administration.
fadnavis, however, has often stated that carving smaller states out of maharashtra is not on the agenda of his government.
the sena kickstarted its civic poll campaign last week, alleging that bjp would not even hestitate to separate mumbai and asked the party candidates to refrain from paying homage to united maharashtra martyrs at the hutatma chowk.
also read: maharashtra cm only cares about destroying shiv sena: uddhav thackerayyou easily forgot these promises.
similarly, forget the idea of dividing maharashtra.
it will be easy for you, the sena said.
bharatiya janata party ( bjp) president amit shah, who arrived in mumbai on wednesday morning, will call on actor madhuri dixit, industrialist ratan tata and singer lata mangeshkar, before his meeting with political ally shiv senas chief uddhav thackeray.
shah will be accompanied by chief minister devendrafadnavis , state president raosaheb danve and education minister vinod tawde at all these meetings.
shahs meeting with madhuri dixit is slated at 12.
30pm at her juhu residence.
at 4.
30pm, he will meet tata at his colaba home, and then visit mangeshkar at her home on peddar road at 5.
30pm.
the meeting with thackeray is scheduled for 7pm at matoshree, the senas chief home in bandra (east).
the allies have not revealed the agenda for the meeting, but it is learnt that the bjp president is keen on getting the sena on board for the 2019 general elections.
shahs visit is being seen as the bjps bid to placate its sulking ally, days after the bitterly contested palghar bypoll.
the sena, however, does not seem to be in a mood for any reconciliation, as made evident in the party mouthpiece saamana, which has criticised and mocked the bjp on the day of shahs visit.
however, a section of sena leaders admitted that much of this is public posturing and that an alliance could be worked out ahead of the 2019 elections, to cut losses in the face of a united opposition formed by the congress and the nationalist congress party.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is in the eye of the storm due to a controversial audio clip in which he is heard exhorting bjp workers to use all means to win the palghar bypoll, has demanded that the election commission of india (eci) take action against shiv sena president uddhav thackeray for distorting facts.
the sena chief released the audio clip on friday.
on saturday, fadnavis released the entire 14-minute audio clip accusing the sena of twisting and selectively editing the audio clip.
speaking to the media on sunday, fadnavis accused thackeray of insulting the election process.
i have submitted the 14-minute audio clip to the election commission.
i have requested the eci that if they feel i have done something wrong, they should take action against me.
if not, then those who have deliberately edited the audio clip, action should be taken against them, said fadnavis.
the cm said that the audio clip was from a speech he had given when addressing approximately 1,500 bjp workers regarding the palghar polls.
meanwhile, thackeray also adopted an aggressive stance.
we have also approached the election commission and anyone who is guilty should be punished.
the chief minister has agreed that it is his voice and our focus is on the thrust of the speech, he said.
the palghar bypoll, which was necessitated following the death of bjp mp chintaman wanga, has now become a matter of prestige for bjp.
this is the first time sena has fielded its candidate for a seat held by its ally bjp since they formed the government in the state.
its candidate is shrinivas wanga, son of the late bjp mp chintaman.
both fadnavis and thackeray ran a high voltage campaign for their respective candidates.
by late september 2016, the silent maratha protests had reached a crescendo in the state with nearly 20 districts  more than one third of maharashtra  covered by agitators demanding reservation in jobs and education for the community.
the protests by the dominant community that makes up 32  of maharashtras population had rattled the chief minister devendrafadnavis , even as rumours about his ouster started making rounds in political circles.
just four months later, the maratha protests, seem to have lost its steam with fadnavis-led government having the last laugh.
on sunday, in an indication that the protest organisers are confused, the plan to conduct a mega march in mumbai on january 31 was put on hold, fearing a tepid response.
the organisers fear that the ensuing code of conduct for the local elections including the crucial mumbai civic polls will hamper their supporters  engaged in campaigning for their respective parties  from putting up a strong show of strength.
and, therein lies the irony of the apolitical protests of the community and also perhaps its achilles heel.
the faceless protest marches that claim to be non-partisan and leaderless have nevertheless been organised and oiled by workers across all major political parties.
initiated by hardline maratha groups that have had an allegiance with the nationalist congress party (ncp), the protests were soon hijacked by all parties, with local maratha leaders contributing to the effort with resources or numbers.
to make matters even more complicated, a section of the organisers from the sambhaji brigade, enthused by the ground swell of support of the community, is now making a foray in active politics.
sambhaji brigade plans to contest a majority of the upcoming municipal corporations as well as zilla parishad polls.
it is very difficult for the discontent of the maratha community to be consolidated as a vote bank in favour of one or the other party.
while ncp is seen as a party of marathas, all political parties including bjp have presence of maratha leaders.
the votes will then be spilled locally on party lines especially in local polls, said a senior congress leader and former minister.
he added, ``this also brings down their capacity to impact or affect state politics in a big way unless there is a clear leadership or ownership of the unrest with one party.
the state government has also been successful in stemming the protests by offering sops like the fee waiver for all economically backward students up to an income limit of rs6 lakh per annum that will extend to the maratha community (at the cost of rs 700 crore to the exchequer).
besides, the government recently laid the foundation stone for the shivaji memorial (long standing demand of the community) and set up the state backward class commission to look into the demands for the reservation by the community.
for the time being these efforts and local polls has diluted the protests.
but, the issue is far from over and is likely to heat up once again before 2019 polls.
there are two reasons for this.
one is that the central demand of the community for reservation is jobs and education is unlikely to get implemented in two years.
secondly, the bjp government is seen as targeting the established maratha leadership that controls rural economy through its network of sugar co-operatives and co-operative banks.
political analysts feel that the upcoming elections in district councils or zilla parishads (zps) that are responsible for rural administration will give an indication of how the maratha protests issue can impact politics in the state.
the marathas issue has a stronger resonance in rural areas and hence will be important in zp polls.
the polls results will tell us whether the community is likely to do any strategic voting.
secondly, there has been a buzz in certain areas that other backward class (obc) may consolidate their vote bank by rejecting maratha candidates and this could affect certain parties, said surendra jondhale, political analyst.
the state buses with a new logo containing the words jai maharashtra were flagged off from mumbai central to belgaum on friday.
however, the development comes amid the dispute between the maharashtra and the karnataka government over the slogan of jai maharashtra.
maharashtra: state buses with a new logo containing the words 'jai maharashtra' flagged off from mumbai central to belgaum.
pic.
twitter.com/u6qjoyebr7  ani (@ani_news) june 2, 2017a few days ago, karnatakas urban development minister roshan baig had said that posts of anyone who chants jai maharashtra will be taken away.
following which, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis condemned the statement.
despite the outrage, maharashtra governments transport minister diwakar ratote made the decision that every state bus will carry the jai maharashtra logo on it.
ambedkar statue to stand at 450 ft as state increases height by 100 ft he statue of dr babasaheb ambedkar proposed to come up at a memorial in indu mills, dadar, will now be 450-feet tall, after the maharashtra government decided to increase its height by 100 feet.
chief minister devendrafadnavis passed the order on june 13.
the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) will now change the design and also calculate the cost escalation, senior officials from the agency said, on condition of anonymity.
while reasons for the change in design are not known, officials said the decision was taken based on demands made by various ambedkar groups and keeping in mind the upcoming assembly elections.
the memorial is under construction at the indu mills premises in dadar and is being built at a cost of 763.
05 crore.
the design for the ambedkar memorial, which is being constructed on 12 acres of land, includes a library, a replica of the historic chavdar pond in raigad, a number of viewing points and a parking lot.
the memorial will be a stones throwaway from chaityabhoomi, where ambedkars ashes were interred.
mmrda, which is the nodal agency for the project, has spent 98 crore till march 2019.
the work is expected to be completed by february 2021, fadnavis said in the on-going session of the state legislature.
ht tried contacting fadnavis through sms, but there was no response.
the idea is to compete with sardar vallabhbhai patels statue [statue of unity] in gujarat, an official, associated with the project, said.
the statue of unity, which is dedicated to indias first home minister, stands at 597 feet.
mmrda is also building a memorial for the late shiv sena chief bal thackeray, at dadar.
on tuesday, the state also announced a memorial in mumbai for the late bjp leader atal bihari vajpayee, and a statue of lokmanya tilak at maharashtra sadan in new delhi.
mumbaiupdated: aug 22, 2019 06:56 istwhile the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and shiv sena have announced an alliance for the upcoming assembly polls in october, the saffron parties have been busy taking on opposition leaders and local strongmen to fortify their party position and improve their bargaining chips.
the seat-sharing negotiations for the assembly polls are likely to be complicated, given the saffron allies had contested the polls separately in 2014 state polls.
as such, this competition to poach the congress and nationalist congress party (ncp) leaders has led to speculation that the saffron allies may be preparing for a plan b to contest solo if the seat-sharing negotiations fail.
in 2014, the talks failed just days ahead of the elections.
the season of defections that began earlier this month saw several heavyweights from ncp namely ganesh naik, madhukar pichad, sachin ahir, jaydutt kshirsagar, besides ncp mlas shivendra bhosale, vaibhav pichad, pandurang warora, and congress mlas kalidas kolambkar, nirmala gavit, join the bjp and sena.
several other senior congressmen and legislators are said to be in the wings to join the saffron allies.
the speculation of plan b has also gained ground because a section within the bjp including chief minister devendrafadnavis feels that the party can win the polls solo.
a top state bjp leader told ht that an internal survey done by the bjp had revealed that it can win up to 160 of the 288 seats in the assembly polls, if they contested solo.
(in maharashtra, a party needs to win 145 to get simple majority to form government).
if the bjp contests with sena, the internal party estimate is they can improve their 2014 tally from 122 to 130-135 seats, but the sena can improve its tally from 63 to 90-100 seats.
the partys second-rung leadership is wary of giving such an advantage to the sena.
however, fadnavis as well as party top brass is in favour of the alliance.
in an interview to ht earlier this month the chief minister said the bjp will not change rules of engagement or go back on the alliance because circumstances have changed.
he had indicated the seat-sharing agreement may get formalised by month-end.
on the other hand, the shiv sena has been systematically admitting influential leaders from areas and constituencies where winning could be difficult for the party.
however, sena chief uddhav thackeray refuted speculations that the party is preparing to go solo .
he said, the sena and bjp are in an alliance, and the inductions are happening based on our understanding.
but, things could change in the days ahead especially if allies start picking up opposition leaders from seats that belong to their ally.
the bjp is also not keen on a 50:50 seat sharing agreement and that may upset the sena.
the top leadership has signalled that we should not court controversy with a hindutva ally like sena ahead of polls.
but we want the seat-sharing to be done on our terms.
we will continue to be the big brother in maharashtra and sena needs to accept it.
even if we contest equal number of seats, we know the sena cant win 130 seats, said a bjp minister.
the plan b to contest solo, he added, was if sena was adamant or created unnecessary trouble during negotiations.
a washed away car, submerged rail tracks, flooded roads are some of the striking images from mumbai and its suburbs grappling with heavy monsoon rains, second highest july rain since 1975.
between 8.
30am monday and 8.
30am tuesday, the santacruz weather station, representative of the suburbs and mumbai, recorded 375.
2mm rain, falling under the exceptionally heavy category (when the amount of rainfall is highest recorded for the season or over a decade according to the india meteorological department).
according to imd, the last time the city recorded the exact figure was in 1974 in july at 375.
2mm.
follow mumbai rains live updates herethe rains have wreaked havoc claiming lives and bringing the city to a near halt.
trains, flights and road transport have been hampered and the government has declared a holiday on tuesday with chief minister devendrafadnavis urging people to stay indoors.
also read| 16 dead in mumbai, thane in overnight rains; govt declares public holidaywith the weather office warning of more rains, the navy has been called in to help with rescue alongside the ndrf and other volunteers.
here are a few images that capture the mumbai rains and their aftermath:a car got washed away into a drain at andheri subway in mumbai on tuesday.
( shashi s kashyap/ht photo )officials said the spicejet plane from jaipur is stuck on the unpaved part towards the end of the main runway number 27 of the mumbai airport ( ht photo )a road caved in sangharsh nagar in chandivali in powai due to incessant rainfall.
powai has registered 402 mm rain in last 24 hours.
( vijayanand gupta / ht photo )wall collapses at kural,vill-pimpari pada-malad(east) ( satyabrata/tripathy )heavy rains have led to severe flooding across many parts of the suburbs, delayed or cancelled flights as well as cancellation of the suburban train services.
( kunalpatil/htphoto )tree collapsed at tilak nagar in mumbais chembur.
( kunal patil/ht photo )train stopped due to waterlogging near tilak nagar.
( kunal patil/ht photo )the rains have wreaked havoc claiming lives and bringing the city to a near halt.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday assured residents of seamless connectivity throughout mumbai metropolitan region (mmr), for which, he said one of the options was water transport.
while inaugurating various road projects in navi mumbai and thane, fadnavis said thane would soon be connected to mumbai, navi mumbai, kalyan and vasai through waterways.
while the thane municipal corporation (tmc) is looking at a december deadline for the first phase of water transport project connecting kalyan, thane and vasai, planning has already started for the second phase to connect thane to mumbai and navi mumbai.
according to the tmc, a pre-feasibility study has been completed and presented to fadnavis.
a detailed project report (dpr) is now being prepared.
the corporation has floated tenders to appoint consultant for preparing the dpr, said anil patil, thane city engineer.
implemented jointly by jawaharlal nehru port trust, maharashtra maritime board and thane municipal corporation, the thane-mumbai waterways will cost rs661 crore and will be funded by the state and central governments.
the tender for a pre-feasibility study of the second phase of water transport was called in october last year.
work on the second phase is proposed to begin in march 2019.
there is no intra-city water transport service anywhere in mumbai apart from the gateway of india to mandwa and elephanta.
the government had proposed the borivli to gateway of india route in 2011, but since the sea on mumbais western coast is rough (particularly in the monsoon), the project didnt take off.
ferry operators couldnt run services in the monsoon and operation costs proved to be too high.
the eastern seaboard is calm and isnt expected to pose similar challenges.
the thane-vasai and thane-mumbai will be the first intra-city water service in mumbai.
it will connect thane (saket) to gateway of india via trombay, elephanta and ferry wharf and also thane to navi mumbai (via panvel and jawaharlal nehru port).
for commuters, this is a welcome proposal.
i commute to vashi every day for work.
i have to go to thane station from my house in kalwa east and then board a train to vashi.
moreover, the trains are overcrowded during peak hours, said yogesh dandekar, 37.
if there is a direct ferry from thane to vashi, i will surely love to take it to work daily, as the commute will be much more comfortable and time-saving.
the ridership report of the second phase has estimated that around 30,000 passengers could use water transport on a daily basis.
this would help decongest existing public transport networks as well as reduce air and noise pollution.
if the project goes to plan, it will save one hour of travel time to mumbai and almost 40 minutes to navi mumbai.
the first phase has inched ahead after getting an in-principle approval in a meeting held on april 24 and headed by union transport minister nitin gadkari and chief minister devendra fadnavis.
this means that the water transport project will go ahead subject to clearances and approvals.
the state also approved the multi-modal hub to be developed at kolshet for the route.
the project will reduce the travel time between kalyan and vasai to 70 minutes and each passenger will have to pay rs29.
the civic authorities dont anticipate any delay in getting approval for the second phase.
the hurdles for them are the ongoing works on the existing bridges on the route.
urban planner mayuresh bhadsavle pointed out that while it looks good on paper, there was little clarity on the economic viability and creating support infrastructure for the project.
the entire concept is still in a very nascent state, the ground reality is completely different from the presentation the corporation has put forth the environment ministry, said bhadsavle.
the creek in thane is completely polluted and lot of dredging will have to be done to start water transport.
the capital cost of the dredging is not clear.
moreover, there should be proper access options for the people to reach jetties, thus support infrastructure such as parking and roads at the jetties need to be set up.
the municipal corporation plans to develop three jetties at nagla, kolshet and parsik first.
patil said, the first phase will have 10 jetties across vasai, mira bhayander, thane and kalyan.
the civic commissioner has announced to operate the first ferry service from december this year.
the second phase is at too nascent a stage to configure its final route.
bhadsavle said, the economic viability is the most important aspect of the project, as the cost of operation and maintenance will be huge.
a decade ago, the government had proposed a catamaran service from borivli to gateway of india which was suspended as the operation and maintenance cost could not be recovered.
if this route with such a high passenger volume could fail, the corporation will need a strong financial plan in place for the project.
he also pointed out that the fare structure, the target demographic and how commuters would be able to reach the jetties from their homes are key features that are yet to be defined.
karnatakas rebel congress-jds legislators, who were camping in a suburban mumbai hotel since saturday, were shifted to goa on monday evening after angry congress workers continued protests outside the luxury hotel.
thirteen congress-jd (s) legislators apart from one independent legislator h ganesh left sofitel hotel in bandra kurla complex at 5 p.
m.
and are traveling to goa by road, confirmed a state bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader.
they are accompanied by mumbai bjp youth president mohit bharatiya.
the group is expected to reach goa nearly 600 km away in the early hours on tuesday morning.
they had earlier in the day rejected karnataka deputy chief minister g parmeshwaras overtures that they would be accommodated in the new council of ministers.
soon after the message reached bengaluru, the ruling jds-congress coalition deployed its top troubleshooter dk shivakumar to convince them to change their mind, according to news agency ani.
follow karnataka crisis live updates hereat the meeting held at the hotel on monday morning, the karnataka legislators, it is learnt, said that there would be no point in becoming ministers in the current set up as the stability of the congress government could easily be shaken.
they have rejected the compromise offered and are quite firm about their resignations.
they said they want to be part of the new bjp-led government, said a state bjp leader who is also camping at the hotel.
the rebels have so far not issued a statement or spoken to the media on monday.
but they did interact with media persons on sunday to insist that they were not under any pressure.
ten of the karnataka legislators are lodged in sofitel while three are at shirdi.
the entire operation was managed by two city-based bjp leaders prasad lad and mohit kambhoj.
lad, a member of the legislative council and a former nationalist congress party leader, is considered to be close to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
majority of these legislators arrived on saturday in chartered flights owned by jupiter securities owned by an mp from south india.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday rapped officials of the districts administrations for their apathetic approach towards water conservation projects and the india meteorological department (imd) for its faulty forecast of the monsoon, saying it was placing a hurdle in the governments combat with natural forces.
fadnavis has directed the officials on the field to pull up their socks and prepare for the monsoon.
he also took a dig at the nationalised and commercial banks for their indifferent approach towards giving loans to the farmers.
fadnavis made the remarks during the kharif review meeting, which lasted for more than four hours at rangasharda auditorium, bandra.
according to sources, fadnavis said he had received complaints about poor response by the government machinery to the water conservation initiatives undertaken by people at various places.
citing an example of delay in releasing the funds for diesel for the equipment required for water conservation works undertaken by villagers during the water cup competition (in which villages compete to get aid for their water conservation project) in parts of the state, fadnavis said the delay was unwarranted.
during the presentation by imd, the chief minister reportedly expressed unhappiness over imds inaccurate forecast.
he said accurate forecasts by the weatherman in countries such as australia and new zealand prove to be great solace for the farmers and imd needs to improve its machinery.
timely advisory issued during the recent hailstorms and unseasonal monsoon proved to be helpful to the farmers.
we need to have similar accurate advisory for the farmers in the ensuing monsoon.
it would help the farmers averting the resowing due to the dry spells.
the administration should rope in students from the agricultural universities to reach out to the farmers with advisories, disseminating information about the crops and forecast and measures to the taken to avoid the pest attack on cotton witnessed last year, fadnavis said.
the chief minister said nationalised and commercial banks are always casual in their approach while extending crop loans to farmers.
he said the banks as well as the district administration should ensure that farmers get crop loans without any hassle in the next one and a half months as it is a crucial component in their preparations for the kharif season.
detailed presentations were made by officials from various departments and the agricultural universities during the meeting, which was attended by members of regional offices across the state.
fadnavis said the government would monitor their performance over the year by comparing implementation with the road map projected by them in the presentations.
miffed at nationalised and commercial banks over their lack of cooperation in disbursing loan waiver amounts to the states farmers, chief minister devendrafadnavis ticked off bank representatives at a meeting on thursday.
fadnavis warned all banks to pull up their socks, sort out the disbursements, and draw up an effective plan to hand out crop loans for the new kharif season.
referring to complaints received by the state government about lack of cooperation from banks, the cm accused financial institutions of being indifferent.
the banks have not bothered to inform farmers about the amount credited to their accounts as part of the waiver benefits, fadnavis said during the meeting of the state level bankers committee (slbc), which represents all types of banks, at sahyadri guesthouse in mumbai.
also, many farmers dont know about their eligibility for new farm loans as their outstanding loans have been cleared.
and some banks have levied interest on the outstanding anount despite specific directives not to do so after the announcement of the loan waiver.
the cm also expressed his dismay over poor disbursement of crop loans by banks.
agricutlure is a priority sector for the government, and farmers should be treated as privilege customers by banks.
why are banks not being able to meet the target set for crop loans?
they need to take proactive measures, such as hold loan melas, to reach out to needy farmers and achieve their loan targets, fadnavis suggested.
at the meeting, a rs 5.
79 lakh crore credit policy was approved.
of the allocation, the agricultural sector will get rs 85,464 crore, a 10  rise compared to last years allocation.
of this, rs 58,319 crore is meant for crop loans, while rs 27,145 crore is for investment loans.
so far, the state has disbursed loan waiver worth over rs 14,000 crore to around 37 lakh farmers by depositing the amount they are eligible for into their bank accounts.
for the second time in two days, the shiv sena attacked chief minister devendrafadnavis and the bharatiya janata party-led government over the handling of dalit protests and violence that have rocked maharashtra since january 1.
on saturday, in an editorial in the party mouthpiece saamana, the sena claimed that the state was descending into chaos and destruction because of caste conflicts.
taking a dig at fadnavis pet project  the maharashtra prosperity corridor  the editorial said: under the leadership of fadnavis, maharashtra is not on the corridor of prosperity, it seems to be falling into a pit of chaos and destruction.
the sena is showing solidarity with the cm in times of such conflict as it is a matter of maharashtras pride and the maintenance of law and order, the marathi daily added.
over the past couple of years, relations between the sena and the bjp have become increasingly strained, though so far, the party had refrained from taking on fadnavis personally.
sena chief uddhav thackeray and fadnavis are said to share a good rapport.
the chief minister is being praised for the patience he showed during the protests, but he does not show similar patience elsewhere.
the patience he showed to tackle rioters has resulted in losses worth crores for the state, the editorial said, criticising the government for the way violence at bhima koregaon on january 1 and protests by dalit groups on january 3 were handled.
the home department, headed by fadnavis, has become weak, the sena said.
the home department is the backbone of the state, and if that breaks, the state will collapse, it warned.
the editorial also attacked bharipa bahujan mahasangh chief prakash ambedkar, and said if the bandh he had called had been peaceful, his stature as a leader would have risen.
but now, his followers have become directionless, the newspaper said, adding that none of maharashtras dalit leaders have the ability to calm people in the community when tensions run high.
chief minister devendrafadnavis maiden attempt to interact with the citizens through a tv show, got good response with 20,392 farmers asking questions on various aspects of farming through whatsapp texts and emails.
the programme mee mukhyamantri boltoy (this is chief minister speaking), recorded on monday, will be on air on sunday on sahyadri and few other marathi news channels in two parts.
the show was recorded by information and public relations department of the state government at its newly built studio in mantralaya.
the cm, while taking a cue from prime minister narendra modis mann ki baat, has decided to interact with the common man once a month on various topics.
the first episode was dedicated to the issues faced by farmers, who were requested to send their questions to be taken up in the programme.
we received 19,142 whatsapp messages and 1,250 emails in last four days.
the questions were bifurcated in segments such as loan waiver,irrigation, water conservation, water shade management, marketing of agri produce, technology among others.
we had 25 farmers, who have proved themselves in various sectors, along with farm experts, to ask questions.
the recording went on for more than one hour.
we are now planning to split it in two parts, said an official from mantralaya.
besides sahyadri, marathi channel of doordarshan and few private news channels, the government is in talks with, will telecast it on sunday morning.
a farmer who attended the recording said, there were 5 to 6 questions related to laon waiver, but the cm had nothing new to say.
he stressed on the sustainable development of agriculture and said the governments emphasis was on the investment in the infrastructure in the sector.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has invited college students to suggest policy interventions for critical matters such as drought control, smart cities, transportation, rural education and more.
this comes after the chief minister began to involve youngsters into the functioning of the state government through fellowships.
through transform maharashtra, an initiative launched by action for collective transformation (act)  an organisation started by young socio entrepreneurs and aided by the state government  fadnavis is seeking ideas to solve 11 socio-economic challenges that maharashtra faces.
the transform maharashtra inter-collegiate competition was launched on december 26 last year and has had 11,500 students participating in 2,588 teams.
each team comprises five to six students.
nidhi kamdar, officer on special duty to the chief minister, said, the winners of the competition will present their ideas to the chief minister.
the government will see how these suggestions can be implemented, and also involve the team members in the process.
the teams have to suggest policy measures that can be implemented across several of the states focus areas such as swachh maharashtra, drought control, smart cities, promoting start-ups in the state, rural education, zero corruption, empowering urban poor, improving mobility in cities, harnessing technology, citizens engagement in governance and digitalisation.
so far, the highest number of entries has been on drought-free maharashtra, swachh maharashtra and reforming rural education themes.
while teams from over 50 colleges across the state have submitted their entries, the college of engineering pune (coep), punes sinhagad college of engineering, and indian institute of technology (iit), powai, have sent the maximum number of entries.
students from coep have so far submitted 66 entries while there have been 55 entries from sinhagad college and 54 from iit, powai.
kamdar added, the entries will be judged by a panel of experts as well as through online poll.
experts from various fields will be roped in to judge the entries and the winners will present their solutions to the chief minister on may 1.
three hundred students have been selected as ambassadors and 2,015 volunteers have been roped in to publicise the contest across the state and attract more participants.
the last date for the submission of entries is march 19.
maharashtra water conservation minister tanaji sawant on thursday said that the breach in tiware dam in ratnagiri district of maharashtra, which claimed the lives of 18 people, was due to a large number of crabs that gathered around the dam, thereby causing leakage.
there were no leakages earlier.
leakage happened after a large number of crabs gathered around the dam.
locals brought the issue to our notice and our department acted on it.
the incident is unfortunate, sawant told media persons here.
on being asked if the construction was weak, the minister said that he came to know the shoddy construction work from the farmers and villagers of the area.
national disaster response force (ndrf) has recovered 18 dead bodies so far from the dam, which breached in ratnagiri district on june 3, creating a flood-like situation downstream.
chief minister devendrafadnavis expressed his grief over the loss of lives in the incident and ordered an inquiry in the matter which will be helmed by a special investigation team (sit) under a secretary rank official.
fadnavis has also asked his water resources & irrigation minister girish mahajan to visitratnagiri and provide relief to affected families.
eighteen bodies were recovered till thursday after the dam breached due to heavy rain causing a flood-like situation in seven downstream villages.
twelve houses near the dam have been washed away.
two national disaster response force were deployed for relief operations.
bhendewadi area is also affected due to this incident which falls under tiware gram panchayat.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
fadnavis announced compensation for these families from the chief ministers relief fund.
the families of the three students from dahanu  sonal surati, janhavi surati and sanskruti mayavanshi  will get rs1 lakh each from the relief fund.
they died after their boat, carrying 40 kids, capsized near parnaka in dahanu.
aishwarya kamble, a resident of sangli died on her way back home from the sadbhavana rally.
her family will get rs5 lakh as compensation.
kamble was running a fever when she participated in the rally, which was held post the violence at bhima-koregaon, to promote unity.
fadnavis left for davos on saturday as part of the prime ministers delegation for the economic summit.
amid uncertainty over a pre-poll alliance with the bharatiya janata party (bjp) for civic polls, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray is likely to spell out the partys stand when he addresses the sena cadre on monday evening, on the 91st birth anniversary of the late sena founder bal thackeray.
even as the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) elections are less than a month away, seat-sharing talks between the shiv sena and bjp have come to a standstill, with the former willing to give 60 seats and the latter asking for 114 of the 227 wards.
the parties are simultaneously preparing to contest solo.
late on sunday night, the shiv sena even indicated it might go separate ways, as thackeray told his city-based office bearers to fight in a way that the party does not need anyone and the sena gets a mayor on its own strength, party sources said.
while the sena has been holding the bmcs reins with the bjp for 20 consecutive years, this is the first bmc election that party chief thackeray will lead alone, without the presence of his father, bal thackeray, who sowed the seeds of the sena in mumbai and deepened its roots.
speaking on the occasion of his fathers birth anniversary, uddhav thackeray is likely to elaborate on his plan for a victory, when he addresses sena workers at shanmukhananda auditorium in sion.
meanwhile, the shiv sena in its mouthpiece, saamana, taunted its ally for forgetting the principle of alliance.
the shiv sena chief 25 years ago took a strong stand that neither do i recognise the bjp, nor do i recognise the shiv sena.
i recognise hindutva.
there is a dire need for it, the shiv sena quoted bal thackeray in an editorial in saamana.
the party added, whoever has forgotten this stand has been a traitor to hindutva in a way.
meanwhile, prime minister narendra modi paid a tribute to bal thackeray with a tweet on monday morning, saying, balasaheb thackeray personified courage and emerged as a voice for the aspirations of many people.
chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp chief amit shah too tweeted their wishes.
balasaheb thackeray personified courage & emerged as a voice for the aspirations of many people.
tributes to him on his birth anniversary.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) january 23, 2017the sena also said that it was because of bal thackeray that the bjp did not oust narendra modi, now prime minister, when he was the chief minister of gujarat, after the communal riots following the godhra carnage.
after the godhra riots, atal bihari vajpayee was about to remove modi from the post of the gujarat chief minister, explaining what rajdharma (political religion) is supposed to mean.
but shiv sena chief bal thackeray said in clear words that he should not make the mistake of removing modi from gujarat, and if modi goes, then even gujarat will go, the sena said in the editorial.
the party said the countrys current condition is depressing, and political administration has taken the meaning out of life.
people do not find interest in anything.
fighting for life has remained to be their only national duty.
only the shiv sena chiefs [bal thackeray] teachings can give direction to the country now, the sena said.
former congressman and leader of opposition in maharashtra radhakrishna vikhe patil joined the cabinet of chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday.
vikhe patil was sworn in as a minister by governor c.v. rao at a function in raj bhavan.
the bjps mumbai chief ashish shelar also took oath as a minister.
ahead of the expansion, the fadnavis cabinet had 38 ministers  out of which 22 were cabinet ministers and 16 were junior ministers.
a total of eight ministers and five ministers of state were sworn in.
also read: to accommodate senior leaders, fadnavis to expand cabinet on sundayassembly election in maharashtra are due later this year.
patil who submitted his resignation as a member of the assembly on june 4, was widely tipped to join the fadnavis cabinet.
patils son sujay vikhe patil had switched to bjp from congress before the recent lok sabha elections.
he won the ahmednagar seat with a margin of 2.
81 lakh votes.
vikhe patil had quit as leader of opposition in march, days after his son joined the bjp.
the maharashtra government has selected a cooperative bank under the scanner for a rs123-crore scam to disburse salaries of teachers in government-aided and partially aided schools in mumbai.
the union bank of india used to handle the job from 2011.
from july 1, the mumbai district co-operative bank (mdcb) will do it.
the government resolution (gr) issued on june 3 said the decision was taken to strengthen the statesco-operative movement and because the mdcb had computer software programme comparable to nationalised banks.
what the gr doesnt state is that the bank is led by bjp mlc and mumbai unit vice-president, pravin darekar, who was booked by mumbai police in 2015 for having caused loss of rs123 crore to the bank through embezzlement of funds.
darekar was a maharashtra navnirman sena legislator who crossed over to the bjp soon after the 2014 elections.
he is currently facing an inquiry by the economic offences wing (eow) in the case.
the complaint in this case was filed by another bjp functionary, vivekanand gupta.
the bank was also indicted by the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) earlier for several irregularities and giving out bad loans.
despite several calls and text messages, darekar was not available for comment.
so why would the state government entrust the wage bill of its teachers to a bank with such a reputation?
the decision was taken because of what the mdcb is offering as sops to the teachers, including on home loans.
this is not at the risk to the teaching staff but to benefit them.
across the state we use 25 co-operative banks for such wage bill disbursal, said school education minister vinod tawde.
sources told ht that chief minister devendrafadnavis was on board while taking this decision and a senior bjp leader hinted that a clean chit from the eow was on the cards for darekar.
a section within the bjp said darekar was seen as a good investment by the party when he was inducted to make inroads in the co-operative sector so far controlled by the congress and the nationalist congress party (ncp).
in the last two years, darekar has managed to survive and has built bridges with senior bjp leaders.
for starters, despite a police complaint he got his panel elected to the board of the bank.
the mumbai bank is a strong bank and has lent to several government projects.
its financial parameters are strong so taking such a decision is not illegal.
also, no substance has been found in the complaint by the eow, said a senior bjp functionary.
however, the decision is likely to get slammed by teachers organisations.
kapil patil, journalist turned politician, who was elected to the legislative council from the teachers constituency told ht, this is a purely political decision to shield and give afresh lease of life to the corrupt.
there is an fir filed against the bank director and an inquiry is underway.
why should teachers salaries be put at risk ?
we will take this up and oppose this decision.
we have seen the risks first hand with other banks like the nagpur co-op bank scam, where teachers lost their savings.
indiaupdated: sep 01, 2019 21:22 istunion home minister and bjp president amit shah on sunday took a dig at the congress and the ncp in maharashtra over influx of party leaders joining the ruling party ahead of the assembly elections.
shah was in the south maharashtra city to attend the conclusion of the second leg of the mahajanadesh yatra launched on august 1 by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
if the bjp opens its door completely, except sharad pawar and prithviraj chavan, no one will remain in their respective parties, shah said while addressing a rally on the home turf of congress heavyweight sushilkumar shinde.
pawar is the president of the nationalist congress party (ncp) while chavan is a former chief minister of the congress.
both the parties, especially the ncp, have witnessed a number of desertions to the ruling shiv sena and bjp.
this comes as the city , with a vehicular population of 36 lakh and construction work on roads, struggles with traffic snarls and increasing accidents.
fadnavis said by analysing peoples habits, traffic offences and traffic pattern, the state will develop a system which could be complementary to peoples habits.
using sensors, if the signal intelligently decides that it is okay to give a green signal to vehicles in case of less traffic, it would help improve the traffic speed, fadnavis said.
the cm was speaking at launch of the 29th road safety fortnight at sahyadri guest house.
the state is celebrating a road safety fortnight between april 23 and may 7.
joint commissioner of mumbai police (traffic), amitesh kumar, said they have already appointed a full-time consultant for developing itms for mumbai.
he also said mumbai is the first city to successfully implement e-challan system in india.
it will be implemented across maharashtra for which the state sanctioned rs60 crore.
transport minister diwakar raote said more accidents could occur on the proposed mumbai-nagpur highway that is designed with a speed limit of 150kmph.
the cm responded saying intelligent systems will be developed for making the proposed roads accident-free.
such intelligent highways exist in other parts of the world where accidents rarely take place, he said.
the cm also advocated the three e strategy.
this [accidents] can be reduced down by using three es  enforcement, engineering and education, he said.
fadnavis said the number of road accidents in maharashtra dropped by 4.
5  and 10  in the financial year 2016-17 and 2017-18 respectively because of road safety measures taken.
in 2017, there were 35,853 accidents in the state, where 12,264 people died while 32,128 were seriously injured.
maharashtra ranks third in terms of accidental deaths in india.
raote expressed concern over growing vehicular population.
the number of vehicles in the state has now touched 3.
28 crore.
polling started at ten municipal corporations in maharashtra, including the cash-rich brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), at 7.
30am on tuesday.
the voting will continue till 5.
30pm.
a total of 9,208 candidates are in the fray for 1,268 seats across the ten municipal corporations.
for the bmc, 2,275 candidates are vying for the 227 councillor wards, as per information from the state election commission (sec).
the votes will be counted on february 23.
an election officer with the bmc said, polling commenced at 7:30 am peacefully.
a mock poll was done on all machines at 6.
30 am.
the data was cleared before commencement of polling.
there are 91.
8 lakh registered voters in mumbai who will vote across the 7,297 voting booths in the city.
the turnout has, however, been consistently tepid.
in 2012, less than 45  of mumbais registered voters took note of the bmc elections.
in 2007, this figure was 46  and in 2002 it was an even more abysmal 42 .
with the splitting of traditional alliances of the shiv sena and the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and the congress and the nationalist congress party (ncp), the mumbai civic polls have become a multi-cornered contest this time.
while the congress and ncp have joined hands for the elections of a few other civic bodies besides mumbai, the sena and bjp are contesting all polls independently.
in mumbai, the allies-turned-rivals are in direct competition with each other with the city being the senas home turf where the bjp wants to aggressively expand, eyeing the same vote-bank as the shiv senas.
besides the ten civic bodies, polling also commenced across 11 zilla parishads and 118 panchayat samitis in the second phase.
fifteen zilla parishads and 165 panchayat samitis went to polls in the first phase on february 16.
indiaupdated: sep 07, 2019 18:01 istamid reports of friction between the saffron allies over seat sharing for the upcoming maharashtra assembly polls, prime minister narendra modis visit to mumbai on saturday indicated that all was well among the allies.
chief minister devendrafadnavis ensured that shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray shared the dais with pm modi and thackeray in his speech praised the prime minister announcing that the next state government would only be from the saffron alliance.
the prime minister also referred to thackeray at the beginning of his address as his younger brother.
we are heading into polls soon.
and, only our alliance will come to power, said thackeray, confirming that the bjp-sena would contest the polls together.
he added that he could see that chief minister devendrafadnavis had applauded the most at his statement.
yes, we want power but we are not lusting after power.
we want power to bring in development, said the sena chief.
he was speaking at the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) function at bandra kurla complex, where pm modi inaugurated several projects.
in his speech he also showered praise on the pm for having the guts and delivering on the electoral promise of scrapping article 370 removing special powers for kashmir.
thackeray, however, reminded the pm of other long standing promises, of building a ram temple in ayodhya and implementation of an uniform civil code.
thackeray said that he was confident that like article 370, pm modi would also deliver on these two promises.
these are issues of pride and self respect for us.
we have always been a strong country with a lot of promise but what we lacked so far was leadership.
now, we have a prime minister like modi to give the nation that direction and vision, said thackeray.
the allies are yet to spell out the seat sharing formula for the upcoming assembly polls.
while the two partners have decided to keep 18 seats out of the 288 for their smaller allies; there is disagreement over the splitting of seats between the two.
sena wants an equal number of seats to be split between the two, but bjp is keener on a slightly bigger share given their performance in 2014 polls and the recent 2019 lok sabha results.
indiaupdated: sep 19, 2019 19:50 istas the dispute over the ayodhya land title dispute enters the final lap in the supreme court, prime minister narendra modi on thursday spoke out against leaders making statements about the ram temple and let the top court take a call.
pm modi, who had flown to nashik on thursday to join a bjp event to mark the end of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis roadshow mahajanadesh yatra, said there had been some people who had been issuing meaningless statements over the last few weeks on the decades old ram janmabhoomi-babri masjid land title dispute.
a five-judge constitution bench, led by chief justice of india ranjan gogoi, is hearing the land title dispute and is expected to deliver a decision well before november end.
chief justice gogoi yesterday indicated that the final arguments by the parties to the case would be completed by october 18.
the chief justice is expected to deliver the verdict before he retires on november 17.
watch | ram temple issue: pm modi slams motormouths, says have faith in scin the last 2-3 weeks, some bayan bahadur (roughly translates into motormouths) have started speaking nonsense on ram temple.
its necessary to have respect for the supreme court.
the matter is sub-judice there and all parties are presenting their case and the supreme court is listening to them, pm modi said at the bjp event in nashik, according to news agency ani.
i am astonished where did these bayan bahadur come from?
why are they creating obstacles?
we should trust supreme court, the constitution and the judiciary of india.
i request these people to trust the judiciary of india, for gods sake, he said.
the prime minister did not indicate which politician he had in mind.
but on monday, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray had attempted to take a hardline on the temple when he, also publicly, nudged the centre to take a courageous decision to bring in a law to build a ram temple in ayodhya.
we expect that centre should not wait for court order and use it powers.
the centre took a courageous step in abrogating article 370.
it is our request that the centre does the same for ram mandir issue, said thackeray.
the statement by the shiv sena boss had come against the backdrop of some hard-nosed negotiations with pm modis bjp over the seat sharing formula for maharashtra state elections.
elections to maharashtras 288 assembly seats, expected to be held in late october, are expected to be formally announced over the next few days.
the shiv sena and the bjp have kept aside 18 seats for their smaller allies but a tug-of-war is still on for the remaining 270-odd seats.
the bjp, which had contested the 2014 state elections on its own and emerged as the largest party, is determined to pick up for a larger share.
but the sena is insisting that the seats be split equally between the two parties.
as the negotiations enter the last lap, sena leaders have held out threats to go solo if the bjp did not agree to its 50:50 formula.
bollywood actor akshay kumar today said that government should set up mobile toilets every five hundred metres or at least one km across maharashtra.
kolhapur: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , state revenue and pwd minister chandrakant patil and bollywood actor akshay kumar after inauguration of nation's second tallest flag on the occasion of maharashtra day in kolhapur on monday.
(pti)speaking at `transform maharashtra event, he said, government should plan (putting up) mobile toilets every 500 meters or one km across the state.
it will support cleanliness.
it should be supported with an app to locate it (the nearest mobile toilet).
women in rural areas face a lot of difficulties as there are hardly any public toilets in villages, the actor said.
akshay kumar and maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis at transform maharashtra innovative exhibition in mumbai on may 1.
(ians)akshay, whose upcoming film, toilet ek prem katha, deals with the issue of lack of toilets, cited a dialogue from the film: agar biwi chahiye paas, toh ghar me chahiye sandaas (if you want the wife to stay with you, ensure you have toilet at home).
chief minister devendrafadnavis was also present at the event.
columnist and author shobhaa de landed in yet another twitter controversy after she fat-shamed a policeman on duty during the brihanmumbai municipal corporation elections on wednesday.
while the mumbai police gave it back to her politely, other twitter users slammed her for what they said was insensitive comments by the socialite.
the adverse reaction forced a clarification by de while the policeman said his was a medical condition.
it was also later revealed that the man under des lens is a madhya pradesh police personnel.
ht lists seven instances when de got into trouble on twitter:1.
watching the weightde tweeted a photograph of an overweight policeman on tuesday with a caption, heavy police bandobast in mumbai today!
heavy police bandobast in mumbai today!
pic.
twitter.com/sy0h3xzxl3  shobhaa de (@deshobhaa) february 21, 2017the mumbai police twitter handle responded: we love puns too ms de but this one is totally misplaced.
uniform/official not ours.
we expect better from responsible citizens like you.
we love puns too ms de but this one is totally imisplaced.
uniform/official not ours.
we expect better from responsible citizens like you.
https://t.
co/ockooho5bx  mumbai police (@mumbaipolice) february 21, 2017after facing flak from all quarters, she clarified: consult a dietician, if its an asli, undoctored image doing the rounds.
mumbai/maharashtra police, pranaam.
no offence intended.
m.p. police, consult a dietician,if it's an asli ,undoctored image doing the rounds  shobhaa de (@deshobhaa) february 22, 2017the policeman in question, daulatram jogawat, inspector with the madhya pradesh police, said his 180-kilo weight was due to insulin imbalance and not because i overeat.
it (his weight) is due to my illness that i am so fat, and not due to overeating.
i had gall bladder operation in 1993 and i developed insulin imbalance which resulted in my obesity, jogawat told ht.
if madam wants, she can pay for my treatment.
who doesnt want to be thin?
2.
de on olympics: not a sportwhy do we bother about olympics, she had tweeted once.
in another tweet, she criticised team india for clicking selfies and coming back without winning any medal.
goal of team india at the olympics: rio jao.
selfies lo.
khaali haat wapas aao.
what a waste of money and opportunity, she wrote during the 2016 olympic games in rio de janeiro.
read: selfies at rio tweet: shobhaa de mocks indian olympians, gets trolledkangana ranaut slams shobhaa de for tweet on indian olympians at rio3.
voice against diktat: she got a tit-for-tatthe maharashtra governments order to play marathi films during prime time (6pm-9pm) irked de.
in a tweet, she called maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis diktatwala and termed the order dadagiri.
no more pop corn at multiplexes in mumbai?
dahi misal and vada pav only.
to go better with the marathi movies at prime time .
shobhaa de (@deshobhaa) april 7, 2015shiv sena mla pratap sarnaik moved a breach of privilege notice in the assembly and demanded action against her as he felt that des tweets on dahi misal and vada pav replacing popcorn were anti-marathi.
read: sena steps up attack on shobhaa de for her tweets on marathi filmsbreach-of-privilege proceedings against de to continue, says govt4.
beefy talks: forced to eat her own wordsa complaint was filed against de when she tweeted that she ate beef.
an activist wrote to the commissioner of police of navi mumbai demanding action against the columnist.
she was heavily trolled for what many said was an insult to hinduism and hindus who worship the cow.
i just ate beef.
come and murder me.
shobhaa de (@deshobhaa) october 1, 2015read: complaint against shobha de over tweet on eating beef5.
the modi attack: technicalities, i saywhen pm narendra modi said he saw a mini india in front of him at the dubai cricket stadium, people called him a rockstar de tweeted, saying modi should not be referred as rockstar, as he is not from bollywood.
can we please stop referring to india's prime minister as a 'rockstar'!
!
!
!
hello!
dubai.
he isn't from bollywood!
shobhaa de (@deshobhaa) august 17, 20156.
love-hate relationship with bollywoodin a review of punit malhotras directorial debut, i hate luv storys, de called sonam kapoor a lassie who lacks oomph.
i hate dumb storys, she tweeted.
sonam kapoor retweeted the directors tweet about shobhaa de being a gossip whos getting no action and going through menopause.
read: shobha de is a porn writer: sonam kapoor7.
sensitivity issues?
modifying pm modis electoral slogan acche din aane wale hain, she tweeted, bure dinn aa gaye for the family when bjp leader gopinath munde passed away.
she was panned on twitter for making fun of a leaders death.
5 lakh hectares of erstwhile parched land under irrigation by spending rs5,500 crore under the jalyukta shivar scheme.
had it not been for various micro initiatives under the jalyukta shivar, the irrigation plan would have required rs30,000 crore, said fadnavis.
he revealed this during his fifth monthly programme mee mukhyamantri boltoy (chief minister speaking) telecast on three marathi channels.
the programme received more than 18,000 questions through emails, smses and social media platforms.
the cm lauded ngos for contributing rs560 crore towards micro irrigation projects at the village level under the scheme.
the government could free 11,000 villages from the clutches of drought by implementing the programme, he said,appealing farmers to use water judiciously.
we have also chalked out a plan to ensure villages grappling water scarcity do not face problems.
villages should plan and diversify their cropping pattern at least for three years, the cm said, replying to a question by a farmer.
fadnavis added that farmer should not blindly opt for water-intensive cash crops such as sugarcane.
the government planned to bring 50  of the sugarcane crop under drip irrigation in next few years, fadnavis said.
we have created 37,000 of the targeted 1 lakh farm ponds.
every eligible farmer will be given a subsidy of rs50,000 per pond.
farmers can apply online to avail the scheme, fadnavis told a farmer during the telecast, stressing on water conservation.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is on a three-nation tour, on saturday set the ball rolling for two mega projects  the mumbai-pune hyperloop, and setting up of advanced data centres in mumbai.
fadnavis visited the test-site of virgin hyperloop one in nevada, in the united states and met the companys ceo and board member, rob lloyd.
this was the cms first visit to the site after signing the memorandum of understanding (mou) with the firm on february 18 to construct the hyperloop commute system between mumbai and pune.
the maharashtra government is exploring this transportation technology (hyperloop) for the mumbai-pune route with an aim to reduce the travel time to just 25 minutes each way.
according to a statement from the cmo, so far, virgin hyperloop one has completed the pre-feasibility study for the mumbai-pune route.
during the meeting with the ceo, fadnavis discussed the feasibility of fast-tracking the deployment roadmap.
up to now, for the hyperloop, pune metropolitan region development authority has identified 15-km demonstration track, the statement added.
virgin hyperloopone plans to send engineers to pune shortly to conduct a study, it said.
according to details of the project, 70  of materials and components required for the hyperloop will be sourced from maharashtra itself.
meanwhile, safra catz, ceo of technology major oracle corp agreed to start advanced data centres in mumbai and requested fadnavis to help facilitate and fast-track investment in data centres, a statement from cmo said.
catz and fadnavis met in san francisco on friday.
in a bid to boost the cyber policing in maharashtra, fadnavis also met the ceo of symantec, greg clark in san francisco and signed a mou for cybersecurity.
this will enable the government to create a mechanism for effective cyber policing, the cmo statement added.
criticising the bharatiya janata party-led maharashtra government once again, the shiv sena on monday said that after farmers, now struggling traders are committing suicide because of unfriendly policies.
in an editorial in the sena mouthpiece saamana, the party, an alliance partner in the state government, cited the suicide of one dattatreya gund, a chana dal (chick pea) trader from kalamb in osmanabad district, and said that many policies, including the rolling out of the goods and services tax (gst), are driving maharashtras traders and small business owners to kill themselves.
gund had purchased 800 quintals of chick peas and he did not see the possibility of it selling in the near future, the editorial said.
it alleged that gund, before hanging himself, left a suicide note to chief minister devendrafadnavis stating that government policies had finished business owners.
things were going alright, just then your government policies and drought have finished us.
make changes in policies and save farmers and business owners, his note said, according to saamana.
the sena has been attacking the state government relentlessly, ever since it announced that it would go solo in all upcoming elections.
the rift between the two ruling parties widened further after the sena for the first time fielded a candidate in the palghar lok sabha bypolls, held last week.
several announcements, including a minimum support price (msp) for farmers, jalyukt shivar, free seeds, farm loan waiver and crop insurance, were made in the past four years, but the benefit of these schemes have not reached the ordinary farmers, nor the businessmen, the editorial said.
the empty promises of the state government to give msp for agricultural produce and to buy it have been highlighted by this suicide.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari inaugurated a new bridge on the mumbai-goa highway, 10 months after the old one collapsed, killing 30.
recent data revealed that as many as 35 people are killed in accidents on maharashtras roads daily.
meanwhile, the shiv sena slammed its ally, the bjp, over the recent farmers protests, saying it would have to take responsibility for farmers who committed suicide.
ncp politician ajit pawar found himself in fresh trouble after reports that the enforcement directorate was probing his role in the state irrigation scam.
1.
10 months after mahad collapse, gadkari, fadnavis unveil new bridge on mumbai-goa highwayunion minister nitin gadkari and maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis inaugurated the new bridge on mumbai-goa highway on monday, 10 months after the old one was swept away by the savitri river during the monsoon.
2.
5 reasons why the maharashtra irrigation scam could spell trouble for ajit pawartwo-and-a-half years after chief minister devendrafadnavis asked the anti-corruption bureau (acb) to probe the multi-crore irrigation scam and what roles senior nationalist congress party (ncp) politicians ajit pawar and sunil tatkare played in it, there are reports that the enforcement directorate is on pawars trail.
3.
killer commute: road accidents in maharashtra killed 1.
02 lakh people in eight yearsas many as 1.
02 lakh people were killed in road accidents in maharashtra between 2009 and 2016, said state highway safety patrol (hsp) officials.
4.
shiv sena slams fadnavis govt over maharashtra farmers strikethe shiv sena, an ally of the bharatiya janata party (bjp)-led maharashtra government, has joined the farmers organisations and opposition parties in bitterly criticising the government for going back on its pre-election promises to farmers.
5.
mumbaiites, your bad habits are costing you: bmc nets 8.
46 cr in fines for littering, spitting in 11 monthsmumbaiites are paying a heavy price for littering, spitting and urinating on the citys roads.
after the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) reintroduced clean-up marshals to the city in july, they registered 3.
91 lakh offences and collected rs8.
46 crore in fines.
the narendra modi government is ready with an elaborate plan to celebrate a festival of democracy between may 26 and june 15 that will see chief ministers of all the bjp-ruled states travelling to those areas where the party is not in power to mark its third anniversary in power.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath will go to bihar to highlight achievements of the modi government, which completes 3 years in power on may 26.
jharkhand cm raghubar das and his chhattisgarh counterpart raman singh will go to west bengal, another state where the bjp is making a desperate bid to get a foothold.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis will be in kerala, haryana chief minister manohar lal in telangana, assam cm sarbananda sonowal in tripura and madhya pradesh cm shivraj singh chouhan in odisha.
the government also lined up 2 events  making of developed india (modi) festival and sabka saath sabka vikas conferences.
the modi fest is targeted at youth while the latter is aimed at reaching out to beneficiaries of the government schemes.
the sabka saath sabka vikas conference will draw beneficiaries of the modi government schemes.
the government claims more than 25 crore people have been brought under the banking system through jan dhan yojna, 7 crore got loans through the pradhan mantri mudra yojana (mudra loan) and 2 crore women got access to lpg cylinder under the ujjwala yojna.
about 450 leaders of the bjp will take part in the anniversary celebration.
each one of them will attend 2 events, bharatiya janata party general secretary arun singh told reporters.
union textiles minister smriti irani said the events will be organised at 900 places.
the apps of modi government schemes will be available for download at the fest.
arrangements have been made at the fest to allow people send their message directly to the prime minister, irani said.
we hope large number [of people] will participate in the conference, irani said.
all 7 fronts of the party  youth, st, sc, obc, women and others  will also undertake programmes targeting their audiences.
cleanliness drives and public meetings are also being planned during this period.
the maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief raj thackeray has extended support to the villagers of rajapur who have been affected by the state governments decision to construct a mega refinery in ratnagiri in konkan.
activists from the village think that the project will result in ecological destruction.
thackeray met with the activists opposing the project on saturday and told them to unite for the cause.
the mns will stand with the villagers who are opposing the project.
however, you need to stand united, he said.
the governments ally in the state, shiv sena said that it would not allow the forceful acquisition of the land.
sena mp vinayak raut asked the union petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan to move the project out of the konkan.
the congress and the nationalist congress party (ncp) have also voiced their reservations against the project.
the bjp has declared 16,000 acres of land in the vicinity of the project as an industrial zone under themaharashtra industrial development corporation acton may 18.
chief minister devendrafadnavis stated that the project will generate at least one lakh jobs in the region.
indiaupdated: jul 31, 2019 14:53 ista day before the bharatiya janata party (bjp) flags of the chief minister devendrafadnavis pre poll statewide mahajanadesh yatra, four opposition legislators and other senior leaders joined the party.
three nationalist congress party mlas  sandeep naik, vaibhav pichad, shivendra bhosale  and one congress mla  kalidas kolambkar  who had resigned as mlas a day before, were inducted in the bjp at a function held in mumbai.
besides the legislators, ncps senior tribal leader and a close aide of party chief sharad pawar, madhukar pichad (father of vaibhav pichad) and ncps former women wing chief chitra wagh also joined the ruling party.
former ips officer and punes police commissioner, sahebrao patil was also inducted in the bjp at this function.
the induction of these senior leaders was timed ahead of the chief minister fadnavis 24-day tour to sound off the election bugle by the bjp.
over the last two months, ncp has lost five legislators, its mumbai chief and womens wing chief to the bjp.
senior party leaders said that such crossover of opposition legislators would continue until the eve of the polls.
a senior bjp minister indicated that another 10 mlas could get inducted though many more were in talks with the party.
we are glad that a senior leader of the caliber of madhukar pichad, a six-term legislator such as kolambkar, a descendent of maratha king shivaji, shivendra raje bhosale and youth leader such as sanjiv naik, whose family has clout across navi mumbai and an aggressive womans leader like chitra wagh, have joined ranks with the bjp, said fadnavis.
bjp is not a dharmashala, no one can get up and walk in to our party.
we are weighing in the work of the leaders, their calibre, grassroots connect before they are inducted, the chief minister added.
the chief minister also indicated that naiks father and senior ncp leader ganesh naik was likely to follow his sons footsteps even though he was absent on the dais at the function on wednesday.
fadnavis on a lighter note said, we are smart.
.
.
we always get the sons first.
so, we inducted sujay vikhe patil and then his father radhakrishna vikhe patil (former congress and now bjp minister) followed.
similarly, we got vaibhav pichad first and his father is here with us today.
so, we know that ganesh naiks blessings will be with his son.
and, with the naiks backing bjp, not just navi mumbai, even thane district is now entirely with our party.
upset with an unstable career and lack of marriage prospects, a 35-year-old man wrote to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis office seeking permission for euthanasia.
this letter was sent around 15-20 days ago.
the letter said he (35-year-old man) felt he is not doing anything for his parents.
he was upset with his career and lack of marriage prospects.
he is okay now, devidas gheware, senior police inspector, dattawadi police station said while talking to ani on saturday.
according to the police officer, in the letter sent to cmo, the man had written about his ailing mother who is around 70 years old and his father who is 83 years old.
he felt that he is not able to do anything for them.
he was having problems regarding marriage too.
we counselled him, the senior police officer said.
the youth is well educated and is from a well to do family.
he was not frustrated just because of marriage issues.
he loves his parents, added gheware.
(the story has been published from a wire feed without any modifications to the text, only the headline has been changed.
chief minister devendrafadnavis will carry out the long-pending reshuffle and expansion of his cabinet on sunday, just three months ahead of the maharashtra assembly elections.
the exercise is being undertaken to accommodate senior leaders, who moved to the bjp and shiv sena from the opposition camp, and to give internal aspirants a chance before the polls.
while former congress leader radhakrishna vikhe patil, who was also leader of opposition in the assembly before joining the bjp, is set to be inducted into the cabinet, ex-nationalist congress party (ncp) leader jaydutt kshirsagar, who joined the shiv sena, too, will get a berth.
the cabinet expansion will be held tomorrow [sunday].
i have held one discussion about it and one final discussion will be done today, said fadnavis, who was in new delhi on saturday to attend the niti aayog meeting.
the new ministers will be sworn in at a ceremony at raj bhavan at 11am on sunday.
a senior bjp leader said that the cabinet will see 10 new ministers.
other than vikhe patil, the other bjp leaders, who could get cabinet berths, are the partys mumbai unit chief ashish shelar; mumbai legislator yogesh sagar; vidarbha legislators dr anil bonde, sanjay kute and parinay phuke; sangli mla suresh khade; and maval legislator bala bhegade.
sena is likely to give a chance to its solapur mla tanaji sawant, besides kshirsagar.
the party is also likely to get one cabinet (kshirsagar) and one junior ministerial berth (sawant).
the republican party of india (a) may get one ministerial berth, and is expected to nominate avinash mahatekar for the post.
the leaders who are likely to be dropped from the cabinet are housing minister prakash mehta; tribal development minister vishnu sawara (st); social justice minister rajkumar badole (sc); minister of state for social justice dilip kamble (sc); and minister of state for industries and mining pravin pote patil.
the berth for the food and civil supplies minister is also vacant as incumbent girish bapat was elected as a mp in the lok sabha polls.
the final decision on mehta will be taken by the delhi leadership, said a senior bjp minister, who did not wish to be named.
the cm will try and induct new faces by balancing out region and caste factors.
the party will also induct loyal bjp leaders to make up for the sense of disenchantment over induction of outsiders such as vikhe patil.
the fadnavis cabinet has 38 ministers  out of which 22 are cabinet ministers and 16 are junior ministers.
the chief minister can induct up to 43 ministers as per constitutional norms.
fadnavis had met sena chief uddhav thackeray late on friday to discuss the modalities of the expansion.
it is learnt that sena was offered the post of deputy chief minister, but thackeray did not take it up to avoid dissidence within the partys senior leadership.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has assured shiv sena leaders that their constituencies will get an equal share of the funds set aside for development.
shiv sena legislators and ministers had alleged that constituencies led by the bharatiya janata party (bjp) were not only given more funds by various departments, but a larger piece of the budget pie.
fadnavis, on friday, said any discrepancies would be addressed during the ongoing budget session.
the issue of unequal distribution of funds had cropped up during a meeting convened by shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on thursday night.
thackeray reviewed the performance of ministers from his party and was apprised about alleged discrimination towards elected shiv sena representatives.
thackeray spoke to fadnavis about the alleged unequal distribution of funds to mlas and the possibility of a farm loan waiver.
following this, a delegation led by senior party leaders and ministers eknath shinde, subhash desai, ramdas kadam and diwakar raote met fadnavis at his residence on friday.
ramdas kadam said that fadnavis assured them that legislators from all parties would receive equal funds.
we brought the issue of unequal distribution of funds to the chief ministers notice.
we have faith in him and his assurances have satisfied us, he said.
shinde said that though fadnavis remained firm on the governments stance on farm loan waivers, the shiv sena will continue to press the issue.
the shiv senas review meeting was organised keeping in mind the bjps core committee meeting held to explore the potential scenarios for the midterm polls ,should the shiv sena pull out of the government.
according to sources, thackeray directed party ministers and leaders to strengthen the party, keeping an eye on the next assembly elections.
the party is expected to demand significant portfolios for its ministers during the next reshuffle.
readshiv senas mayor, but is it bjps budget for mumbai civic body?
chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday inducted thirteen new faces in his cabinet; including ten from the bharatiya janata party, two from shiv sena and one from the republican party of india (rpi).
the long pending cabinet expansion comes just three months ahead of the assembly polls.
political heavyweights former senior congress leader radhakrishna vikhe patil and former senior nationalist congress party leader jaydutt kshirsagar - who had joined the bjp and shiv sena respectively, got cabinet berths.
the expansion also gave a leg up to several bjp legislators, rewarded for their performance in the assembly or recent elections or for being party loyalists.
several new ministers are also seen to be close to fadnavis.
six ministers including housing minister prakash mehta, tribal development minister vishnu sawra, social justice minister rajkumar badole, ministers of state ambarish atram, pravin pote and dilip kamble were dropped over performance issues.
prakash mehta, ghatkopar legislator and sole gujarati face in the cabinet was dropped to preempt attacks by the opposition in the monsoon session beginning on monday.
mehta earned negative remarks in the lokayukta report on the mp mill compound scam.
he allegedly tried to pass on the benefit of additional buildable rights from a slum rehabilitation project to a private builder.
out of the thirteen new ministers, eight were inducted as cabinet ministers and five as ministers of state.
6 bjp leaders, radhakrishna vikhe patil, ashish shelar, dr suresh khade, dr anil bonde, sanjay kute and dr ashok uike were taken in as cabinet ministers while sanjay bhegade, yogesh sagar, dr parinay fuke, and atul save were inducted as junior ministers.
the shiv sena got two cabinet minister berths for both kshirsagar and solapur mla tanaji sawant.
the republican party of india (a) leader avinash mahatekar got a minister of state berth.
``the reshuffle has been done on the back of an analysis of the last four and a half years of performance.
it was done by cm fadnavis and cleared by national president amit shah.
it may be little late but we have got a younger and more capable team ahead of the assembly polls, said water resources minister, girish mahajan.
all the ministers who were dropped were given a chance to perform but were not up to the mark said a senior bjp leader.
while the reshuffle maintains regional and caste balances, it couldnt replace the loss of two tribal ministers.
one minister each from vidarbha and mumbai were inducted.
vidarbha has maximum representation in the cabinet with 10 ministers while mumbai has 8.
``as cm fadnavis told us yesterday, think of this as a t20, we have to perform from day one to ensure our schemes reach people ahead of the elections.
we will take whatever responsibility our captain gives us, said bonde, two-term bjp legislator from morshi in amravati.
fadnavis also said his party will not be in the opposition bloc, but will keep a close eye on the transparency in the civic bodys functioning.
the bjp dented the senas mumbai bastion in the recently held civic elections, improving its tally from 31 to 81 seats.
the sena, however, emerged as the single largest party with 84 of the 227 seats in the bmc.
with neither getting full control of the civic body, the stage was set for another bout between the squabbling allies-turned-rivals.
but after fadnaviss peace message, it appears the sena candidate will sail through.
we will not put up a candidate for mayor or deputy mayor for bmc, news agency ani quoted fadnavis as saying.
we will not be in the opposition.
.
.
we will support the ruling party, but will not compromise on transparency, he said.
in mumbai, the congress bagged 31 seats, while the ncp got nine seats followed by the maharashtra navnirman sena (7).
significantly, since all four major parties were fighting independently, the vote share of the independents, who got 11 seats, have reduced drastically.
chief minister devendrafadnavis will meet representatives of the sakal maratha samaj, the parent body of maratha organisations,soon to discuss the communitys demands.
the samaj was one of the organisers of the nationwide maratha protests held to demand reservation in government jobs and education.
revenue minister chandrakant patil welcomed the samajs decision to meet state government officials and said fadnavis would meet with a committee of samaj members soon.
the maratha community has held more than 40 massive protest rallies across the state between august and december last year.
their demands include a review of the atrocities act, the implementation of the swaminathan commissions recommendations on farming and other reforms in social and economic sectors.
so far, the organisers of these rallies had refused to hold talks with the government.
however, at a round-table conference of prominent maratha leaders on wednesday, the samaj formed a high-power committee to prepare a comprehensive draft the marathas demands and present it to the state.
the committee does not comprise any politicians.
at the meeting, called by kshatriya maratha chamber of commerce and attended by chhatrapati sambhajiraje  a rajya sabha member and a descendent of chhatrapati shivaji  the samaj decided to appoint a district-level coordinator to ensure better communication at the local level.
the government will respond to the communitys demands positively.
earlier, the protest had no particular leaders and wasnt represented by a specific face.
so, the government was confused over who to address.
as a committee has been set up, it will now be easy for us to break the ice.
the government has taken several decisions in the interest of the maratha community already, said patil.
following the massive silent marches across the state, the state took various steps to pacify the maratha community.
besides submitting an affidavit comprising proof the marathas backwardness, the government announced freeships for maratha students.
it reconstituted the maharashtra state commission for backward classes, giving the community significant representation.
the government also performed the bhoomipujan of the shivaji memorial in the arabian sea two weeks ago.
it has constituted a training and research institute named after maratha king shahu maharaj.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on refuted suggestions that he could be appointed as union minister, saying he is going to be around in the state.
fadnavis was speaking at the india today conclave 2017 in mumbai.
asked about speculations of his promotion as defence minister at the centre, he said, if your organisation can hold a national event in mumbai, first time outside new delhi, i do not need to go to delhi.
i am going to be around.
earlier, union minister nitin gadkari had also denied reports of fadnavis being shifted to the union ministry.
media speculates and gets the joy of writing various things.
however, no decision has been taken in delhi on this, gadkari said on thursday.
fadnavis said that the bjp-led government at the centre was in control of things and handling the bureaucracy well to increase the efficiency of the state machinery.
for instance, the navi mumbai airport clearance was pending for over 10 years.
in just one video conference, prime minister narendra modi offered us clearances of eight various departments, he said.
there is a lot of positivity in the bureaucracy right now, he said.
brushing aside ally shiv senas threat to the state government and the critical editorials in its mouthpiece saamana, fadnavis said he does not read it.
on shiv sena acting like an opposition party, he said, i take inspiration from our former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee.
if he can run a successful government of 22 regional parties at the centre, i can easily manage one ally in maharashtra.
asked if he thought that the bjps growth will lead to decline of other parties, fadnavis said, bjp is not of the mindset to finish any party.
it is done by people, who select or reject a party.
in case of bjp, prime minister modi is setting up new standards and those who could comply with it.
.
.
will sustain, he said.
on the goods and services tax, he said, every state will gain from gst.
we will gain something but at the same thing we will lose too.
i am confident that the gst will roll-out by july.
continuing with its winning streak, chief minister devendrafadnavis bharatiya janata party (bjp) managed to wrest power in the congress-dominated latur civic body and retain its power in the chandrapur municipal corporation in maharashtra.
the congress has wrested the parbhani civic body from the nationalist congress party (ncp).
many congratulations to all katyakartas who worked hard for this victory!
and @bjp4india 's epic winning spree continues.
.
.
#mahavoted4bjp  devendrafadnavis (@dev_fadnavis) april 21, 2017voting for 201 seats in the three municipal corporations was held on wednesday.
the counting is still progress and the final results are likely to be out by evening.
winning 40 out of 70 seats in latur, controlled by congress legislator amit deshmukh, son of former chief minister the late vilasrao deshmukh, is a big victory for the bjp.
in chandrapur in vidarbha, the bjp won 32 of the 66 seats.
the congress is a distant second at 17.
the congress is leading in parbhani in 30 out of 65 seats and looks set to wrest power from the ncp, which is ahead in 20 seats.
in february, the bjp won 82 seats in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), just two short of its ally-turned-foe shiv senas tally of 84 seats in the 227-member house.
read more: bmc polls success: is maharashtra turning into a new bjp bastion?
indiaupdated: sep 06, 2019 13:08 istmaharashtra allies the bharatiya janata party and the shiv sena have held the first round of seat sharing talks on wednesday, trying to identify the seats where they will put up candidates in the october elections for the 288-member assembly.
chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena leader aditya thackeray are already in poll mode and on a statewide tour and given the posturing and muscle flexing from both the sides, the seat sharing discussion is expected to see some hard bargain by both.
in 2014, the bjp and shiv sena had contested the assembly polls separately, winning 122 and 63 seats, respectively.
also read: uddhav thackeray blames global warming: rain is playing t20 instead of test matchfor lok sabha election, held in may this year, the bjp-sena had sealed a 25-23 seat-sharing plan for the 48 seats in the state.
but going by the posturing, talks for seats may not be a smooth sailing for the parties.
here are four reasons why the negotiation between the two parties is expected to see troubled times:1.
the two parties are yet to decide the ratio in which they will distribute 288 assembly seats between them.
they failed to clinch a deal in the last assembly election too.
both parties want to contest maximum number of seats.
2.
the shiv sena wants to reclaim the big brother status that it lost to the bjp after the 2014 assembly election.
sena nurses the grudge that the bjp asked for equal number of seats to contest in the 2014 assembly election.
sena used to get more seats in state polls before 2014, but entry of narendra modi and amit shah in the national picture altered this equation.
3.
both the parties have laid claim to the chief ministers post.
bjp currently has devendrafadnavis as the chief minister, but sena wants its young leader aditya thackeray, who could be the first leader from his family to contest election, to get that position.
this is an issue which remains unresolved.
4.
the bjp and the sena will have to accommodate another ally republican party of india of union minister ramdas athawale.
he was with the bjp in the previous election and the sena doesnt want to concede much space to him.
the bjp is in favour of keeping rpi within nda fold and insists that both the bjp and the sena leave some seats from their share for the rpi.
chief minister devendrafadnavis recently complained to a leader of the nationalist congress party about his party mp supriya sule.
sharad pawars daughter is of an age with fadnavis and she has been picking on him constantly for the past few months.
supriya leaves the older leaders alone and does not say much about the lesser beings in government.
but her criticisms of fadnavis have been getting very personal  the way he talks, walks, his style, his personal conduct, etc.
last week she even called him, in teenage fashion, a copy cat  he has nothing original to write home about, so he apes many other people including narendra modi, she said.
fadnavis has started a television show called `mee mukhya mantri boltoy and supriya said he was aping modis radio show `mann ki baat.
but the show is also akin to the column congress chief minister vilasrao deshmukh used to run in some newspapers during his first term in government in the early 2000s to keep in touch with the people.
supriya had not entered public life then but there are enough leaders in the ncp who would be able to recall that  i tend to believe supriya would have been primed by these leaders to label fadnavis a copy cat.
the ncp is building up supriya sule as the second line of leaders in the state and after a slow start she is beginning to impress.
she needs must find relevant issues to woo the people to her side.
although the way he talks or dresses are strictly irrelevant issues and does no credit to supriya, of late fadnavis has been handing issues on a platter to the opposition parties.
farmers in the state are under tremendous pressure, not just from the vagaries of the weather but also from manmade  or rather government-made - issues.
the number of suicides among farmers is rising, they are not getting minimum support prices, their crops and vegetables are being sold down the drain, demonetisaton continues to affect the balance of their payments and they are dying of starvation.
yet fadnavis gave priority to a conference on obesity last month and assured the people that his government will do every thing possible to reduce obesity among the citizens.
it was but natural that his detractors should pounce on him for that official tweet from his cmo handle and wonder when he would prioritise the hunger of starving farmers.
then, again, there has been a bumper crop of tuar daal this year and the maharashtra government procured huge quantities of it from farmers.
fadnavis again patted his own back to tell the people that never before had such a price (rs 4,000 per quintal) been offered to farmers.
there was instant rebuttal  past governments have procured tur daal for as much as rs 6,000 per quintal, opposition parties pointed out, handing more ammunition to detractors like supriya sule.
then there is the samruddhi expressway project meant to connect nagpur, his home town, to bombay.
the route must necessarily pass through much fertile land in various talukas of nashik and this is an issue that the ncp, and supriya, have got their teeth firmly into.
with ncp support, farmers in the region have become intransigent and with just a little over two years to go to the term of this government, it is unlikely that the expressway will be completed on schedule.
hemmed in from all sides by the opposition, fadnavis, though, is also facing severe criticism from within.
a close acolyte recently told me, he must first find some time away from the beautiful people of the city.
he is mostly rubbing shoulders with celebrities.
only when he stops giving them so much time and importance, will he be able to see what is going wrong with his government.
according to this acolyte, who counts himself as a close friend, the government of maharashtra is on auto-pilot with no firm hand on the reins.
``fadnavis is basically a happy-go-lucky kind of personality and he brings those traits to his style of governance.
but such ease in governance does not deliver results.
you have to keep the bureaucrats on a tight leash and you have to be on top of every situation which is not really happening in the government.
perhaps he is right.
but that is still no reason why fadnavis personal style and idiosyncrasies should be targeted by political rivals.
supriya sule, surely, can do better.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday hinted that the government may revoke the suspension of 19 mlas from the opposition, who were expelled till december 31 for creating a ruckus in the assembly during the state finance ministers speech.
on march 18, opposition mlas had interrupted sudhir mungantiwars presentation of the annual budget to demand farm loan waivers.
after the government presented a proposal seeking the suspension of these mlas, 10 legislators of the nationalist congress party (ncp) and nine from the congress were suspended on march 22.
following this, opposition leaders boycotted assembly proceedings.
speaking in the legislative council, fadnavis said the government was positive about revoking the suspension.
it is difficult to carry out work in the house if there is opposition.
we are positive about withdrawing the suspension, and will take a decision on saturday, fadnavis said.
to ensure the smooth functioning of the assembly, senior ncp leader and mlc sunil tatkare, congress leader narayan rane and peasants and workers party of india (pwp) leader jayant patil asked the chief minister to revoke the suspension.
bjps ruling partner in the government, the shiv sena, was taken by surprise at the governments decision to suspend the mlas, and had also sought to revoke the decision.
fadnavis said that earlier this week, a meeting to discuss this issue was held in the legislative council chairmans chamber.
however, party members who were not present at the meeting raised some issues, which delayed the governments decision.
the list of suspended mlas include former ministers vijay wadettivar, bhaskar jadhav,abdul sattar and jitendra awhad as well as young legislators amit zanak, amar kale and avdhoot tatkare.
apart from chanting slogans demanding loan waivers, some members had raised banners inside the house, while some burnt copies of the budget outside vidhan bhavan.
i watched the tense opening day of the first test between india and australia with attention divided.
results of the bmc elections were a constant distraction for the handful of mumbai journalists in the press box of the mca cricket stadium in pune.
the riveting battle between australias batsmen against indias slow bowlers on a turning pitch was juxtaposed with the twists, turns and tumbles in the bmc election results.
all through the day my laptop displayed two scorecards.
both scorecards reveal that respective the passage of play, so to speak, was engaging and uncertain.
but the one pertaining to the elections was the more action-packed and dramatic, as what looked like a one-horse race turned into a cliff-hanger.
in the early rounds of counting, it seemed the shiv sena would be able to get a simple majority easily.
then came the bjps dramatic surge in the afternoon that almost tripped it from becoming single largest party.
but while the sena is the winner in this contest, the man of the match, as it were, would be chief minister devendrafadnavis , whose fearlessness in breaking an old partnership and relentless campaigning has seen his party swell its influence manifold.
and not just in the bmc, but in all the metros of the state where municipal elections were held recently.
barring thane  where too bjp has done reasonably well  his personalised outreach to voters has borne reward.
to be fair, the shiv sena too has done very well too.
it retained the thane municipal corporation and made big strides in nashik (at the cost of the mns), pune and pimpri-chinchwad.
but the close call in the bmc must have left the leadership smarting.
but if the run-up to the bmc elections was about uddhav thackerays pointed challenge to the bjp, the importance of the results may well be about the utter lack of challenge put up by the congress and the ncp.
barely crossing 30 seats in mumbai is paltry achievement and the congress has done abysmally across maharashtra in nine civic polls and at the zilla parishad level too.
its on-off partner ncp has hardly fared better.
excuses will be made and scapegoats will be found.
but the essential question remains: how and can the congress move up from here?
indeed, this is now an existential question for a party that not too long ago had the strongest footprint across the country.
what is clear is that few, if any, lessons have been learnt from the general elections of 2014.
the humiliation of being reduced to 44 seats many felt represented rock bottom and the only way was up for the congress.
but even by 2017, the awareness that the abyss is dark and fathomless does not appear to have dawned on the party which even for the bmc elections was riven by factionalism and infighting that left it debilitated.
maharashtra, once a stronghold, is waving the congress farewell as of now.
whether this is adieu or au revoir depends entirely on a realisation of the scale of the problem.
the mns and the ncp have also removed themselves from the electoral equation for now.
what the first stands for ideologically, others offer better; what the second stands for no one really knows barring sharad pawars presence.
and that is clearly no longer good enough.
so either the bjp (82 seats) or the shiv sena (84) who finished neck-and-neck will remain in charge of mumbai once again in whatever combination they play it.
as of now, uddhav thackeray says he will not tie up with the bjp.
but politics, remember, is a game of compulsions, not necessarily of living up to promises.
the future is intriguing to say the least.
the sena-bjp alliance ran the city for decades.
will anything change with them staying together or apart is the question that will be uppermost in every mumbaikars mind.
meanwhile, focus shifts to elections elsewhere.
uttar pradesh, of course, is far more complicated than civic polls in maharashtra, but who can be blamed for hearing echoes of the municipal elections here?
read morebmc polls: can the high turnout translate into civic engagement?
with india remaining in the limelight over its reform push and rapid economic growth, world banks chief executive officer, devendrafadnavis is scheduled to visit india to take stock of the bank-funded projects and meet policymakers including finance minister arun jaitley and reserve bank of india governor urjit patel.
georgieva visit comes at a time when the countrys economic growth is one of the bright spots in the global economy.
india is our biggest middle income client.
georgieva said in a statement ahead of her visit.
its economic growth influences global growth.
its achievements in health and education contribute to the world achieving the sustainable development goals.
i am keen to learn more as india is a laboratory for the world to learn about what works in development and to find new ways to collaborate.
georgieva will hold discussions with jaitley and other key policymakers.
she will also meet with the chief minister of maharashtra, devendrafadnavis , and rbi governor, a world bank press statement said.
georgieva will be accompanied by annette dixon, world bank vice president for south asia.
in mumbai, the world bank ceo will take stock of the operations of the world bank-supported suburban rail system, which transports about 8 million commuters every day.
she will also visit a school serving low-income households, and children with special needs as part of the government of indias sarva shiksha abhiyan program, which is also supported by the world bank.
world bank has so far lent $27 billion for 95 projects.
shiv sena leaders heaved a sigh of relief as the bharatiya janata party opted out of the mayoral race after the february 21 civic polls threw a fractured mandate.
the sena could get its mayor elected and became the ruling party in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), indias biggest and richest civic body that governs the financial capital of the country.
however, winning mayoral election was probably the easy part.
the difficult part will be to rule the civic body without having majority in the civic house.
a look at the hurdles the shiv sena is likely to face while running the bmc:ruling the bmc without majority in civic housethe shiv sena has been ruling the bmc for two decades now.
during this period, it always was close to majority or had clear majority with allies like bjp.
this time, it has 84 members in the house of 227 and the bjp, with its 82 members, has given conditional support.
it also has support of four independents.
without bjp, it will need 26 more votes to get its proposals cleared.
it means the sena will need to take the bjp into confidence for any major decision that needs to be cleared by the civic house of elected representatives.
if not, it will need support of other parties like congress (31 members), nationalist congress party (9), maharashtra navnirman sena (7) and samajwadi party (6).
this will be a tightrope walk and sena cant push through its agenda.
facing an aggressive bjp in the run-up to the 2019 assembly pollsthe sena is the largest party in the civic body but the bjp is a close second with just two members less than the former.
with bjp announcing that it would support the sena only for the proposals that are in the interest of the city, there are clear indications that the tussle between the two parties will continue.
it means the senas decisions will be under scanner by the bjp which will try to show the citizens how the sena can be a bad choice to run the city.
the problem for the sena is, the bjp was its partner in power for two decades and its mumbai leaders know the formers ways of functioning in the civic body.
fulfilling the expectations of the peopleshiv sena chief uddhav thackeray made lots of promises while seeking votes in civic polls.
now since his party is ruling the bmc, there will be expectations from him.
fulfilling them will be quite a task considering the way the bmc functions.
with a hostile bjp and aggressive opposition, every failure of the sena in the bmc would be highlighted.
battling this would be quite a task for thackeray and his team.
significantly, there will be interference of the state government in bmcs functioning.
municipal commissioner has more powers than the ruling party and he reports to urban development department headed by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
competing with the bjp led governmentthe next assembly elections are due in 2019.
in a bid to retain its tally of 15 seats or even winning more, the bjp is likely to go whole hog in wooing mumbai citizens in next two years.
chief minister devendra is personally supervising mega infrastructure projects such as seven new metro routes, developing an international finance centre, building a sealink to connect mumbai with the mainland and the coastal road on mumbais west coast.
the bjp plans to showcase work on these projects as its achievements in the next assembly polls.
the sena will have to plan civic projects to show its performance but it may not match the state governments capacity when it comes to finance and planning.
mahadeshwars controversiesallegations against mayor vishwanath mahadeshwar is an embarrassment for the sena.
he is accused of occupying a flat in a housing project meant for civic employees and forcibly buying a flat from a retired bmc employee.
further, he is accused of drawing salary from a government aided college even as he was contesting elections.
an independent candidate has filed a case against mahadeshwar and if he is found guilty of violation of rules, he faces disqualification.
in that case, it will be an unwanted headache for thackeray.
read moreshiv sena wins the race, now can it run the bmc?
opinionupdated: aug 22, 2019 22:22 istthe bjp-led government came to power in maharashtra in october 2014 riding on the back of a multi-crore irrigation scam.
chief minister devendrafadnavis had then not just promised the state that those found guilty in the scam would be punished but also that the state would turn away from non-performing large dams and lift irrigation schemes to more smaller water conservation projects.
five years later as the fadnavis-led government heads into assembly polls to vie for a second stint in power, neither of these promises seem to have held any good.
while irrigation scam inquiries by the anti corruption bureau have netted some officials and a couple of contractors, the main accused in the scam then  former water resources minister ajit pawar and sunil tatkare  havent been indicted so far.
and, in a classic case of spending good money after bad, the bjp-led government is now banking on large and costly river linking projects as part of its vision 2024 to tackle the drought challenge in the state.
in putting its money on complicated and economically unviable projects, fadnavis is toeing the line of his predecessors and going against the advice of water sector experts, environmentalists and our collective climate change experience.
in july this year, after walking out of two inter-state river linking projects, the damanganga-pinjal and nar-tapi-narmada with gujarat following an impasse over a water sharing agreement, the state government decided to undertake four intra-state river linking projects and dp link on its own.
the four intra-state river links include damanganga-ekdare-godavari, damanganga- vaitarna-godavari, nar-par-girna and par-godavari  on its own.
the cost of these projects is estimated to be rs 10,886 crore.
a senior official had claimed that these projects could yield a surplus of 80 tmc water to deficit basins, equal to 8 vaitarna dams.
but, water policy experts like pradeep purandare, member of the current state appointed committee on climate change and retired professor with the water and land management institute (walmi) have questioned this kind of statistical or mathematical hydrology that calculates surplus and deficit basins on two grounds.
purandare points out that environmental hydrology is more relevant in the age of climate change, which says there is nothing like surplus and deficit basins and natural course of rivers should not be meddled with.
secondly, experts have also argued that these water calculations are often dated and proven to be unreliable.
while the central government has taken ownership of the river linking projects as a way to tackle floods and droughts five years back, the national plan for river linking dates back to 1980s.
before, the bjp government took over in maharashtra, the previous congress-ncp government had proposed at least 18 intra-state river links to divert `surplus waters from west flowing rivers to the deficit basins.
most of them have been resounding failures with languishing projects, local protests due to displacement and cracks due to blasting, extreme increase in project costs, and wrong calculations of water availability, said parineeta dandekar of south asia network on dams, rivers and people (sandrp).
sandrp has written to the centres expert appraisal committee on river valley and hydro electric projects that is considering the damanganga-vaitarna-godavari for a fresh terms of reference (tor) to reject the project.
sandrp has pointed to how the state has ignored cumulative impacts on both sociology and ecology in forwarding this project.
the link, dandekar argues, will take water from a water starved, malnourished tribal region to economically powerful region (sinnar investment hub under delhi mumbai industrial corridor) and further inequalities.
in doing so, it will also construct five dams in the ecologically sensitive western ghats and submerge 179 hectares of forests, she added.
in the recent past, the rs 4,845 crore krishna marathawada irrigation project, seen even today as a panacea to this dry, drought prone region, is a telling example of just how water calculations can go awry.
the cost of this project as per 2007-08 rates is likely to have doubled by now.
kmip envisaged taking 23 thousand million cubic feet (tmc) of water from ujjani dam in solapur district, nearly 45 per cent of its live storage and carrying it to drought prone osmanabad and beed districts.
the ashti lis, 100 kms away was the last leg of this project but got clearance first without even a water availability certificate to benefit a contractor.
ashti was to get 5.
68 tmc of water.
but, the ground reality is that the government has assurance of around 7 tmc forthe entire kmip project.
the kmip was in turn dependent on the larger krishna-bhima stabilization project that had proposed to divert nearly 63 tmc water from the krishna basin to the ujjani dam.
this was however rejected by the krishna water disputes tribunal in 2013.
this government has however continued with this folly and chosen to finish the ashti lis project.
there is still no clarity over how the government plans to complete a project planned with 23 tmc of water within 7 tmc of water and what would be the cost benefit analysis of such a project.
the ashti lis has still not got a green nod from the centre.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday inaugurated the 19-day mumbai shopping festival.
i am sure from next year onwards it will become a global festival.
you have created a brand of mumbai, said fadnavis, adding like ganpati, this festival will also capture the imagination of people from across the globe.
he described the festival as not just a shopping event, but an overall experience in terms of entertainment, food and culture.
state tourism minister jaykumar rawal said tourists henceforth will schedule their visit to mumbai keeping in view this fest.
we will also try out 247 shopping concept through night bazaars, said rawal.
this festival has been designed on the lines of dubai shopping fest.
apart from this, the festival will also showcase the glory of the state by way of live performances and also give a boost to the make in india initiative.
various malls namely high street phoenix, oberoi mall as well shopping streets such as colaba causeway, fashion street, bandra link road will be part of this fest.
the festival will boast of prizes like 100  cash back, gold, holidays as well as cars and also house in mumbai.
when a chopper carrying maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and five others came crashing down in latur on thursday afternoon, the first person to rush to the rescue was small-time scrap dealer irfan shaikh, who shouted our king (cm) is trapped in the chopper.
while shaikh ran towards the chopper to rescue those inside, some others nearby ran away from the aircraft, fearing it might explode.
the chopper came hurtling down from a height of nearly 80 feet in a thick cloud of dust, accompanied by some flashes of light and a loud booming sound.
while others bolted from the chopper, the 28-year-old shaikh - unmindful of the risk, ran towards the craft to see how he could help the people stuck inside.
the copter door was jammed and could not be opened.
.
.
i pushed it but it didnt budge.
.
.
the chief minister then responded by pushing it from inside.
.
.
then i managed to force it open from outside.
.
.
i offered my hand to the cm and helped him step down, shaikh told a local mediaperson, govind ingle of lokmat group.
a shaken fadnavis told shaikh that he was fit and ok, and asked him to help the pilots and others on board the chopper even as he walked a few steps away.
officials of the chief ministers office in mumbai confirmed the developments on friday, but declined to say whether fadnavis would felicitate or honour the scrap dealer for rushing to assist them at a critical time, as the chopper could have exploded.
later, fadnavis told people that it was the blessings of the 12-crore people of maharashtra and jai bhavani which helped him and the five others survive the crash.
the shiv sena is back to what it does best  playing mischief.
after a spell of silence following the bjps massive and unprecedented victory in uttar pradesh, the party has begun needling its ally again and this time it has gone one step further  threatened a mid-term poll in the state.
opposition parties have finally got their teeth into an issue that seems beyond the bjp  farmers and minimum support prices to them.
during the 2014 election campaign, narendra modi had promised them an msp that would give them 50 per cent profits over and above costs and farmers had abandoned the congress and the ncp in large numbers to vote for the bjp.
but now not only is that msp not forthcoming, the farmers have had to suffer massive losses due to crashing prices in wholesale markets -- and that is only partly due to bumper crop production.
demonetisation continues to have its effect on farm economies even six months after the event  they begged and borrowed in the immediate aftermath to buy fertilisers and sow seeds but now there still is a cash shortage in co-operative banks, which is making it difficult for farmers to realise their returns.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has been blaming the opposition parties for the fiasco but what he is unable to voice is the fact there is much internal strife within the bjp as well that compelled him to backtrack and eat his own words on loan waivers.
now the shiv sena, which is a party not generally associated with farmers, has got wind of the saboteurs within the bjp and is going for its allys jugular.
the tur dal fiasco in the state is a good example of the bjps self goal on farm issues.
vidarbha has produced a bumper crop this year and there are tonnes and tonnes of the pulses sitting in gunny sacks in the market yards of yavatmal and chandrapur.
monsoon is close and farmers are worried once the rains arrive, those bags will be soaked through and all their crop destroyed.
but the government is able to do little to procure the grain, or even secure them, for two reasons  one, there is a lack of cement and concrete godowns where the gunny bags can be shifted temporarily until the government sorts out the issue of procurement.
but, second and more important is the fact that the government has no clue who will buy that bumper harvest because there already is a surplus  last year prices of tur daal were soaring and the government encouraged the farmers to grow more.
but in the clamour against rising prices it got unnerved and went into some panic buying from mozambique.
here the farmers were readying to harvest a bumper crop and ships were already docking in bombay and offloading containers upon containers of tur dal from mozambique, says professor ghanshyam darane, a farmers activist in yavatmal who believes the problem could still be sorted out were it not for the politics.
the internal issues within the bjp is exacerbating the situation and the ongoimg battle between the congress-ncp and the bjp is squashing the farmers because, as the professor says, the government is only interested in crushing the co-operatives, including the banks, because these are seen as institutions controlled by the opposition parties.
the farmer who has little to do with politics is getting completely destroyed in the process.
he adds.
this is where the shiv sena has sensed its opportunity and decided to press its advantage as the only party not playing games with farmers.
for the first time it has held an agricultural convention (in nashik) and attempted to take ownership of the farmers strike.
although both the congress and the bjp have been quick to deny the sena that ownership, pointing out that that the agitation was spontaneous, throwing up many new faces as leaders, the fact remains the bjp now seems the only party appearing completely oblivious and indifferent to farmers issues, compounded by the police firing in neghbouring madhya pradesh, which killed six farmers.
there too the sena has been quick to mock the mp chief minister for fasting after firing.
but does the sena have the courage to more than just mock and threaten?
how can there be a mid-term poll unless it exits the government?
i dont think it will.
it is merely crying wolf, again.
a day before mumbai goes to polls, the shiv sena alleged that chief minister devendrafadnavis violated the poll code of conduct and misused his official position as he gave media interviews after the last date for campaigning.
the party took its complaint to the state election commission (sec) and said it would approach the courts if the sec fails to take action against the cm.
the sena said if fadnavis can be allowed, all parties should be permitted to give interviews even a day before the polls.
sena mp sanjay raut said, the chief minister is giving a series of interviews, with a lotus pinned on his lapel.
this is misuse of the administrations rights and violation of the code of conduct.
the state election commissioner, js saharia, however, said, there were no restrictions on interviews.
advertisements in print, electronic and social media have been banned after 5.
30pm on february 19.
there are no restrictions on the interviews and news reports of any sorts.
we will examine if any complaint is registered for the use of the party symbol by the chief minister during his interviews.
bjp spokesperson madhav bhandari maintained this was not a violation of the poll code.
the chief minister is a senior politician and is aware of dos and donts.
even then, if anyone complaints, it will be dealt with procedurally, bhandari said, adding the sena had the mentality of a loser.
the sena, which has been directly targeting fadnavis during campaigning, took one last shot at the cm, calling him a liar and taunting him for the poor turnout at his pune rally, calling it an evidence of him steadily losing support.
in the partys mouthpiece, saamana, the sena on monday said, every day, there is a new lie being spoken in the name of mumbai.
who are these liars?
the states honourable chief minister devendra fadnavis.
his chief ministership is safe only on the back of the shiv sena.
the party further taunted fadnavis saying if the shiv sena decides to withdraw support, the chief minister will not even have the goodwill and support of the public, as was and evident in his rallies in nashik and pune.
pune is the countrys cultural capital.
by boycotting uncultured parties, pune has preserved its highest standards of culture, the sena said in the editorial.
the sena also said if the development that the bjp keeps harping on had indeed been visible to the publics, fadnavis and prime minister narendra modi would have won popular support without even having to come out of their houses.
but because there has been no actual work, wherever the chief minister goes he is greeted by lines of empty chairs, the sena said.
a day before mumbai goes to polls, the shiv sena took one last potshot at chief minister devendrafadnavis , calling him a liar, and taunting him for the poor turnout at his pune rally as evidence of him steadily losing support.
in the partys mouthpiece publication, saamana, the sena on monday said everyone has their eyes trained on mumbai and are blatantly lying to get their grasp on the city.
every day, a new lie is being spoken in the name of mumbai.
who are these liars?
the states honourable chief minister devendra fadnavis.
his chief ministership is safe only on the back of the shiv sena, the party said in an editorial in saamana.
the party further taunted fadnavis saying if the shiv sena decides to withdraw support, the chief minister will not even have the goodwill and support of the public, as was and evident in his rallies in nashik and pune.
pune is the countrys cultural capital.
by boycotting uncultured parties, pune has preserved its highest standards of culture, the sena said in the editorial.
the party also criticised the chief minister for threatening to open the lid on corruption scandals, saying if thats the case, fadnavis will have to expose his own cabinet of ministers first.
the sena also said if the development that the bjp keeps harping on had indeed been visible to the public, fadnavis and prime minister narendra modi would have won popular support without even having to come out of their houses.
but because there has been no actual work, wherever the chief minister goes he is greeted by lines of empty chairs, the sena said.
in a clear indication that ongoing turf war between the saffron allies is far from over, bharatiya janata party (bjp) legislators on tuesday called for a special investigation team (sit) led inquiry in the road scam and an overall policy to reign in the blacklisted contractors in this scam.
bjp legislators made this demand in the question hour session of the state assembly and got even support from the opposition benches, including the leader of opposition, radhakrishna vikhe patil.
the legislators  ashish shelar, atul bhatkhalkar and yogesh sagar  not satisfied with the answer given by the minister of state for urban development department, ranjit patil, also sought for chief minister devendrafadnavis intervention in the issue but ran out of time.
if the bjp stance in the state assembly is anything to go by the road scam issue is far from over and is likely to get scrutinised once again in this budget session.
bjp also intends to use the issue to keep a check on sena and the functioning of the mumbai civic body.
the question raised by shelar pointed out that despite history of irregularities, the bmcs standing committee (sena-led) had hurriedly passed road contracts worth thousand of crores in 2017.
many of these contracts, he added, had been given on roads that did not require repairs or like in the case of jawahar nagar roads in goregaon were still in the guarantee period (had to be maintained by the contractors).
``this proposal was passed by the standing committee even though it had been opposed by some.
further, contractors, who have been blacklisted in the bmcs onging probe have got contracts in other civic bodies.
and, as such there is a need to have a clear policy by the state on such contractors, said shelar.
bhatkhalkar, in the meanwhile, called for a sit inquiry in the probe even as sagar endorsed the demand saying that only an outside committee could do justice to the scam.
while patil said that ongoing probe into 250 roads had already led to action against errant contracts and officials and similarly action would be taken in other such cases, legislators were not satisfied with the reply.
following this, vikhe patil also made a similar demand on the floor of the house.
sources in the bjp said that the party intended to discuss the road scam in detail and would again demand a sit inquiry in the same that would make the probe more water tight.
the bjp had last week in a dramatic move pulled out of the mayoral contest despite winning 82 seats in the recently concluded civic polls, just two less than sena.
the decision was taken to avoid rocking the state government boat, where sena lends crucial support of 63 legislators.
the partys ceasefire with its ally turned rival is however likely to be very short.
in a move to make developers accountable, the state government has decided to act against builders and architects who give possession of flats to owners without securing a occupation certificate (oc) certificate.
as per rough estimates, around 56,000 buildings in the city do not have ocs.
member of legislative council anant gadgil, who moved a calling attention motion in the council demanding solution to the issue, said that in most cases developers ask buyers to move into the without getting ocs and residents then bear the brunt of cases and are hassled by the bmc.
according to civic norms, flat owners cannot live in a flat until it has been given an oc from the building proposal department of the bmc.
anyone occupying a flat without an oc is liable to be prosecuted.
buildings without ocs are not given a water connection and are charged a higher property tax.
responding to gadgils question, fadnavis said, the developers do not procure the oc and give possession to flat owners and this causes a lot of difficulties.
to prevent this, the state government and bmc are framing a policy.
if possession is taken without abiding by the development control rules, the municipal act, action will be taken against related developers, architects and the people occupying the flat.
currently, there are 24 criteria that need to be fulfilled to get an oc, which include meeting the prescribed safety norms and zero violations during construction.
a delegation of dalit leaders led by prakash ambedkar met chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday to follow up on their demands after the withdrawal of their one-day statewide bandh that brought mumbai to its knees on wednesday.
ambedkar, who has now emerged as the face of dalit leadership, said the delegation discussed demands in connection with the violence that erupted at bhima koregaon, near pune, during the bicentennial celebration of the british-peshwa war.
we have clearly pointed out [the accused] and police complaints have been registered against milind ekbote and sambhaji bhide.
we want speedy action against them for perpetuating violence, and the cm has promised us that they will be arrested, said ambedkar at a press conference held after the meeting.
the delegation also demanded that the inquiry commission that is to be appointed to look into the bhima koregaon incident be vested with the power of criminal and civil courts.
we have noticed that such inquiry commissions lack teeth as they are only recommendary in nature.
we demanded that this commission should have powers of civil and criminal court so that it can even sentence those who are found guilty.
the cm has agreed to this demand, ambedkar said.
ambedkar, the founder of bharip bahujan mahasangh and grandson of br ambedkar, said they had also asked for the police to stop combing operations in their hunt for miscreants.
instead, he said, dalit organisations would work with the police once they are given a list of those who are to be charged for violence.
according to ambedkar, not just dalits were part of the bhima koregaon incident, there was also a big section of members of other backward classes (obc), and everyone is furious with the way they were beaten up.
there is simmering anger still over being beaten up.
some of that dissipated in wednesdays bandh, but many are asking why hindus are beating us up when we are also hindus, he said.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday said those who were imprisoned during the emergency will be provided pension and a citation.
speaking in the state assembly during the question hour, fadnavis said pension was an honour more than money for those who served jail term during the emergency.
many people refused the pension.
but some are still poor who lost jobs after being arrested for no fault of theirs, he noted.
earlier, minister of state for relief and rehabilitation madan yerawar, while responding to a question by ncp member ajit pawar, said 3,267 applications for pension were approved so far.
out of these, 1,179 applications were approved on the basis of the rs 100 stamp paper submitted to prove that the applicant served a jail term during the emergency.
pawar asked how can the pension be given without proof and what was the guarantee that the stamp paper was genuine.
to this, yerawar said the applications were scrutinised by a committee headed by the district collector concerned and only genuine ones were approved.
a budget of rs 42 crore was finalised for the pension scheme and out of this, rs 28 crore to rs 29 crore has been disbursed, he said.
bjp member parag alavani then said those imprisoned during the emergency are now senior citizens and finding it difficult to make frequent visits to the collectorate.
it is not true that the pension can be availed by just submitting an affidavit.
there should be a separate cell in the collectorate office to handle the pension scheme, he demanded.
subhash patil (of the peasants and workers party) said his father and uncle served 18 months in jail during the emergency and that his family had to face lot of hardships.
those who served in jail during the emergency want honour more than money.
it would be good if the pension amount is increased to rs 25,000 and a citation is also given, he said.
however, fadnavis rejected the demand for an increase in the pension amount, saying, if needed, it would be considered in future.
but, he agreed for a citation along with the pension.
as per the governments decision, those who were imprisoned for a month will be given a monthly pension of rs 5,000 and those jailed for more duration will get rs 10,000 per month.
if those imprisoned have died, their kin would be given a monthly pension of rs 2,500 (for jail term of a month or less) and rs 5,000 (for jail term of more than a month).
congress member basavraj patil demanded an increase in the pension amount for those who participated in the marathwada mukti sangram (liberation of marathwada).
to this, fadnavis said pensions for those who took part in the freedom struggles for goa, marathwada and india are on par and have recently been hiked.
emergency was imposed in india from june 25, 1975 to march 21, 1977 by the then prime minister indira gandhi.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
mumbai, thane and other parts of maharashtra are reeling under an intense spell of monsoon rains that has claimed 16 lives in the past 12 hours and thrown rail, air and road traffic out of gear.
as a precautionary measure, the maharashtra government has declared a holiday on tuesday.
the weather office has warned that heavy rainfall is likely to continue in mumbai.
also watch | incessant rains brings mumbai to a standstill, 16 killed in wall collapsefollow live updates here.
here are the top 10 updates from mumbai and its adjoining areas:* sixteen people were killed overnight in two rain-related accidents in mumbai and the neighbouring city of thane.
* the maharashtra government declared a holiday on tuesday in view of the disruptions caused by the heavy showers.
* the imd has warned of heavy to very heavy showers in mumbai and suburbs in the next 24 hours*an aircraft of spicejet overshot the main runway 27 while landing at mumbais chhatrapati shivaji maharaj international airport from jaipur on monday night amid heavy rains.
*according to flightradar24, an online portal that monitors real-time flight movements, 85 flights to and from mumbai have been cancelled due to the poor air traffic situation.
*the western express highway which leads to mumbai airport was flooded after continuous rain in the city, making it extremely difficult for people running to catch their flights reach the airport on time* several trains were short terminated or cancelled due to the incessant trains submerging rail tracks.
*indian navy has been deployed in kurla area following a request by the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc).
about 1000 people have been shifted to safety with the help of ndrf, fire brigade, naval teams as well as local volunteers.
* mumbai received heaviest rainfall in a decade in the past two days since sunday, brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) said on monday.
*chief minister devendrafadnavis has advised the people to stay indoors in view of the rains.
nearly a decade before narendra modi lured aspirational india to his side, i got a very practical lesson from my mothers maid.
i had scoured the markets of dadar and girgaum for a nav-vari saree as a diwali gift for her.
but when i presented it to her with great expectation of her appreciation for my efforts, i was utterly taken aback as she summarily rejected that beautiful cotton nine-yard saree.
i do not wear sooti (cotton), she told me flatly.
more modern fabrics like nylon was her aspiration and silk would have been a bonus.
but soon she was even rejecting the kashtha sarees that we were used to seeing maids in.
one diwali she expressed the desire for a gol saree  the usual five yards that the rest of us drape.
even my own maid who had been working for me for a decade went from washing cars in the building and gladly accepting hand-me-downs to rejecting the utensils amd clothes i tried to pass on to her recently.
gingerly wading through my clothes with one finger, she pulled out a chiffon dress and said, if you can give me more of this, at least my younger daughter will be happy.
they do not want the kind of cottons that you usually wear.
she soon left my employ after her older daughter, who had found a job as a housekeeper in a in sobo hotel, insisted she no longer wash cars and utensils and moved her mother from a slum dwelling to what maids in bombay refer to as towers  cement and concrete buildings with toilets inside the home.
my new maid has asked me for jeans for her daughter and i have begun to realise that there is no line  except perhaps a bank balance  that divides the slum dwellers from those in high-rises or villagers from urban indians any longer.
so i wondered how hansraj ahir, minister of state for home in the modi government at the centre, should not have caught on and understood the aspirations of a growing india.
responding to the farmers strike that has put both the central and state governments on notice, ahir contemptuously dismissed the striking farmers as frauds because  hold your breath!
they were wearing pants and shirts!
you cannot be wearing jean pants and t-shirts and pretending to be farmers, he said last week.
that has added insult to injury as farmers were already angry with chief minister devendrafadnavis for what they believed was him taking them for a ride.
fadnavis had steadfastly refused to waive off loans of farmers and even a day before the strike got underway, he had been tough in stating if they stopped the supplies of milk and vegetables, the government could always bring these from neighbouring states.
the import of the strike dawned upon him only when these supplies actually stopped coming into the cites and it was not quite easy to source the produce from other states as farmers, particularly in madhya pradesh which is a major source of vegetables, too resorted to a similar strike.
the government then promptly inked a midnight deal on june 2, promising the loan waiver and hoping they would call off the strike.
that did not happen, however.
farmers affiliated to the kisan kranti morcha threw out the members they thought had been selling them short and even burnt an effigy of minister of state for agriculture sadabhau khot, whom they blamed for misleading farmers and attempting to entice and lure some of their members with various forms of gratification.
when i spoke to a farmer from kopargaon on the second day of the strike, his anger had been focused entirely on the chief minster.
but now he is hopping mad that ahir should think farmers in jeans and shirts are all frauds or that they do not have a right to the kind of clothing that the rest of india aspires to.
have these netas not gone from gandhi topis and khadi pyjamas to suits and boots, he asked in great anger.
what do they expect us to be  living in mud huts and eating off the floors?
in fact, there are very few farmers these days who might wear the traditional dhoti and pheta that ahir probably expects them to.
tractors, which have replaced the traditional bullocks, are easier to ride in trousers and the farmers too wish to catch up with urban dwellers.
their aspirations are not to be scoffed at.
two days after chief minister devendrafadnavis accused the shiv sena of betrayal for fielding sriniwas wanga, son of late bharatiya janata party (bjp) mp chintaman wanga in the palghar lok sabha bypoll, the sena on tuesday hit back saying that roping in the turncoat rajendra gavit and calling him the former mps political heir is a betrayal of wangas legacy.
gavit was a congress leader and used to be a minister in the maharashtra government before joining the bjp earlier this month.
the allies in the bjp-led governments in maharashtra and at the centre are contesting against each other in the palghar bypoll, necessitated wangas death in january.
this is the first time the sena has fielded a candidate for a seat held by its ally, and palghar has now become a prestige battle for both parties.
at a rally on sunday, fadnavis said he had told sena chief uddhav thackeray that the bjp was planning to give a ticket to a member of wangas family for the bypoll.
our ally [on the one hand) was welcoming our decision to give a ticket to the wanga family and, on the other hand, was hatching a conspiracy, the cm alleged.
retaliating in the party mouthpiece saamana, the sena said: wangas legacy was his hindutva ideology, but to import a turncoat leader like rajendra gavit and call him wangas political heir at rallies is what is betrayal, sir.
the editorial alleged that after wangas death, the bjp abandoned his family, though the late mp had worked towards spreading the work of the bjp and the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) among the tribal population in thane and palghar.
he was loyal to the bjp till death.
but after his death, his loyalty did not matter to the bjp, and his family was abandoned.
its then that the family joined the sena.
if the cm finds this betrayal, then the marathi dictionary will have to be rewritten, the marathi daily said.
the editorial alleged that the bjp leadership did not bother to pay respects to the mp after his death.
let alone the cm, even the local bjp and rss leaders did not visit his family.
wanga died in delhi, where his house was five minutes away from the bjp headquarters; bjp national president amitbhais [amit shah] house was three minutes away.
but nobody went to his house to pay their respects, the editorial said.
the sena said it is confident of winning the by-election, which is slated for may 28.
the results will be declared on may 31.
the efforts of the bharatiya janata party and shiv sena to forge an alliance for the mumbai civic polls hit the first major hurdle on thursday.
even with alliance talks underway, ruling allies shiv sena and bjp  in a game of political one upmanship  released partial manifestos on thursday, dangling freebies to voters and taking swipes at each other.
by evening, the differences became louder with bjp mp kirit somaiya commenting that the citizens of mumbai were fed up with one familys rule over the city and sena leaders asking the bjp to restrain its leaders to ensure the talk continue.
in a day of quick developments, it was sena chief uddhav thackeray who first took the press conference and announced the party will exempt property tax for houses with carpet area less than 500 sq and offer a heavy discount on tax for houses up to 700 sqft if it is re-elected to power.
the sop is aimed at the middle- and working-class population in mumbai, who form a majority of the votebank.
he also promised free healthcare for all mumbaiites who do not qualify for any of the state governments health sops, by launching its own balasaheb thackeray aarogya kavach scheme.
taking a veiled dig at ally bjp, thackeray said other parties may have caused stress to the public, but the sena will not do the same.
my announcements will not be limited to elections the way the acche din campaign was.
i will implement everything that i have promised, thackeray said.
barely two hours after this announcement, bjp city chief ashish shelar claimed ownership of the property tax sop, taking the exemption 100 sqft further, exempting flats with carpet area of 600 sqft.
he also announced the cancellation of street tax and rescuing citizens from tax terrorism by the mumbai civic body in a jibe to the sena, which controls the civic body.
as far as property tax goes, the bjp had first proposed exempting the tax on properties with carpet area of up to 600 sqft.
i had tabled this in the vidhan sabha last year and it had been cleared.
so we are not opposed to such a move.
we have also proposed that mumbaiites be free of street tax until the state of roads in the city improves, said shelar.
the bmc has a budget of rs34,000 crore and deposits of rs25,000 crore and despite this, tax terrorism continues in mumbai.
street tax of nearly rs500-rs 600 crore is collected annually even though the state of the roads is shoddy.
the bjp is committed to changing this scenario, shelar said.
even as parties competed with each other over freebies, bjp mp kirit somaiya trained guns on the sena chief and his family questioning how long mumbai would tolerate the rule of one family and one party.
he called for a mafiaraj free civic body.
somaiyas remarks to a marathi tv channel ibn lokmat came a day after sena mouthpiece saamana took on prime minister narendra modi, saying demonetisation was akin to dropping a nuclear bomb on the countrys economy.
reacting to somaiya and shelars remarks, the sena leaders told the media that they would ask the bjp if it was the official stand of the party.
sources said the three sena leaders participating in the talksanil desai, anil parab and ravindra mirlekarhad suggested party chief uddhav thackeray to have a word with chief minister devendrafadnavis over the public comments being made by his colleagues.
the ongoing acerbic charges exchanged between the parties are being seen as part of pressure tactics by both the parties.
the seat-sharing talks between the two parties are expected resume on friday.
the bjp has finalised its wishlist of 114 seats, exactly half of the 227 member-bmc and this will be shared with the sena to take the talks forward.
the tussle on thursday, however, indicates that even if the allies stitch up an alliance, it will be difficult for them to avoid criticism of one another.
and the contest for the leading party in mumbai or who can wrest the mayors slot will get played out between these allies turned rivals.
the seat-sharing talks between the saffron allies are likely to continue on friday with january 21 as the accepted deadline between the two parties.
earlier, both the parties offered freebies to the voters but did not elaborate on the details of rolling out these freebies.
property tax is the second-highest source of revenue for the mumbai civic body after octroi duty.
the bmc collects about rs6,000 crore every year in property tax.
street tax is a component of the property tax and the civic body collects nearly rs500-rs600 crore through this levy.
significantly, the third major party in the fray in mumbai, the congress has already announced that it would provide free water upto 90 litres a person daily if elected to power.
it has also promised reduction in property tax.
currently, those living in houses of up to 500 sqft are exempt from the bmcs capital value-based system, which links property tax to ready reckoner rates, taking into account the market value of these properties.
houses of up to 500 sqft have to pay a notional rateable value, which is the earning capacity of a property.
as a result, property taxes in several areas of the island city are anyway low as rents were frozen under the rent control act.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis continued to remain silent regarding farm loan waivers, an issue that has stalled the state legislative assemblys budget proceedings.
addressing the annual general meeting of vasantdada sugar institute (vsi) on monday, fadnavis also declined to address various issues raised by nationalist congress party (ncp) chief sharad pawar, such as the drastic decline in land under sugarcane cultivation.
however, fadnavis said the states sugar industry had been critical for the past few years owing to drought.
terming this industry rural maharashtras main source of strength, he said its problems needed to be addressed immediately.
fadnavis said the government would support cooperative movements, particularly those of sugar mill owners.
he, however, said the sugar sector must ensure that its practices are transparent, so stakeholders do not incur losses.
fadnavis said the government would buy cogeneration power from sugar mills at a higher price so the mills would not face financial hardships.
we will take a decision soon and ensure that the user is not financially burdened, he added.
fadnavis shared the dais with prominent ncp leaders such former deputy chief minister ajit pawar, former finance minister jayant patil and vijaysinh mohite-patil.
several congress leaders attended the meeting.
the ncp has stalled budget proceedings for more than two weeks, demanding that loan waivers be given to farmers.
the bjps partner shiv sena has also taken an aggressive stance on the issue, posing a serious problem for the government.
former congress mla krishna hegde and bollywood actor dalip tahil joined bjp ahead of bmc elections slated for february 21.
the duo joined bjp in presence of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis and state bjp unit chief raosaheb danve at the cms official residence varsha in south mumbai late last night.
asked about reason for his leaving congress, hegde said the autocratic behaviour of mumbai congress president sanjay nirupam was responsible for his decision.
i tried to point out to party leadership about how nirupam was damaging the party.
however, no cognisance was taken of my plea, hegde, who represented vile parle assembly constituency said.
i am a second generation congressman.
nirupam has ruined the party, he said.
congress wont get more than 25 of the total 227 seats in the bmc polls, he said.
the indian navy has dubbed as many as 20 ports in neighbouring raigad district as sensitive from security point of view, the maharashtra government told the legislative council here wednesday.
the information was given by chief minister devendrafadnavis in a written reply to a question asked by the ncps aniket tatkare about coastal security and an inspection conducted by the navy recently.
of the 591 ports in maharashtra, 20 in raigad district alone have been categorised as sensitive by the indian navy.
the naval inspection also opined that security around these ports should be beefed up, the reply said.
the state government has already taken steps to improve the security at 91 ports, fadnavis added.
a committee headed by former union home secretary ram pradhan has recommended various measures to make ports and fishermens wharfs safer, the reply said.
the measures include keeping a register of boat movement, issuing i-cards to workers, verification of licenses and documents of fishermen from time to time, among others, fadnavis, who holds the home portfolio, said.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday appointed a high-powered ministerial group to hold discussions with farmers outfits staging agitations for a farm loan waiver and protection against falling prices of agricultural produce.
the group will be headed by revenue minister chandrakant patil.
the move comes a day after farmers core committee on thursday announced they would intensify their agitation if the state failed to consider their demands in three days.
fadnavis had announced a rs30,000 crore farm loan waiver for 31 lakh farmers last saturday.
while some farmer groups called off the agitation, several others, including the shetkari sanghatana and swabhimani shetkari sanghatana (sss), headed by nda ally raju shetti, decided to intensify their efforts.
these groups want loans taken by all 1.
34 crore farmers in the state to be written off.
fadnavis has now responded to the farmers outfits and immediately opened a channel for talks with them.
the group comprises six senior ministers, including finance minister sudhir mungantiwar, agriculture minister pandurang fundkar, cooperation minister subhash deshmukh, water resources minister girish mahajan and transport minister diwakar raote, who is from the shiv sena.
they will meet with farmers leaders and then submit a report to the government in the next few weeks.
meanwhile, the core committee of the farmers organisations is meeting on saturday in mumbai to decide the further course of action.
the committee is then likely to meet the high-power group of ministers either in the evening or on sunday.
we are open for discussion with the government.
we will have our meeting first to fix the agenda to be taken up during meeting with the ministers, raghunath patil, one of the members of the committee, told ht.
fadnavis and patil appealed to farmers to participate in the talks to work out a solution.
the loan waiver has already been announced.
the committee will deliberate with various stakeholders, including opposition, farm activists and experts to ensure the waiver is not given to wealthy farmers.
the farmers with huge landholdings or with family members in government jobs should not benefit from the waiver.
the committee will find out ways to keep such farmers out.
we will submit our report at the earliest so that the waiver is announced before october 31, said chandrakant patil.
he said once the report was submitted by the committee to the state government, it will be sent to the finance department to examine the financial implications before putting it before the cabinet.
he said the entire procedure will be completed before october 31 as announced by the cm.
minister of state for agriculture and sss leader sadashiv khot is not part of the high-powered committee.
farmers organisations and sss leaders agitating against the government have being criticising khot for not standing by the farmers.
following their meeting in nashik on thursday, the members of the core committee of farmers outfits had announced protests at revenue offices across the states from june 12 and blocking rail lines on june 13.
they also threatened not to allow any ministers to hold programmes anywhere in the state.
opinionupdated: aug 01, 2019 23:32 istless than three months before assembly elections are held in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis has embarked on mahajanadesh yatra, a statewide tour, to reach out to the people.
during his 24-day tour that began on thursday, fadnavis will travel through 150 assembly constituencies to address 87 public meetings and 57 corner meetings, asking people to vote for his government on the basis of its performance in five years since it came to power in 2014.
for all practical purposes, the yatra is launch of bjps poll campaign in maharashtra.
the partys entire rank and file would participate to create a buzz in the state in favour of the party.
significantly, the yatra will be as much about the bjp government in maharashtra as about fadnavis and his leadership.
in 2014 assembly elections, the bjp had sought the votes in the name of narendra modi who had just become prime minister.
then fadnavis was state bjp chief but was considered a lightweight politician since the party had at least half-a-dozen established leaders including nitin gadkari.
not many considered him a chief ministerial material.
even when he was picked for the job, many in the party thought he would have to make way for a stronger leader in a year or two.
five years later, things have changed.
fadnavis has established himself as the partys top leader who is in complete control of his government.
he ran the government effectively though there could be different opinions about its performance.
there were a few allegations of corruption but the government never faced trouble over the same.
fadnavis has managed to keep opposition parties in check by countering their attack.
he also thwarted the moves by the opposition, especially veteran leaders such as nationalist congress party boss sharad pawar to unsettle him.
he did it by keeping a tight control over the cooperative sector that has been the backbone of the congress-ncp combine, especially in western maharashtra.
he also ensured that the bjp-sena won control of most of the rural and urban local government bodies to deny the chance to the opposition to wield power at the grassroot level.
the governments success in giving reservation to maratha that was upheld by the bombay high court has earned him goodwill among the politically-powerful marathas.
till then, being a bramhin chief minister of a maratha-dominated state was being considered as his weakness.
with the thumping victory in lok sabha elections (bjp-sena alliance won 41 of maharashtras 48 seats), fadnavis is now confident of romping home.
to avoid any risk, he has ensured alliance with the sena.
he also maintained cordial relations with sena leadership and brokered peace between the two ruling parties.
if the bjp under him returns to power with a performance anywhere close to 2014, fadnavis stature will grow further in the party.
it is a foregone conclusion that fadnavis would be the chief minister again.
fadnavis is focusing on the performance of his government in five years in his campaign now.
whatever advantages and disadvantages the party faces because of the government will be his responsibility, said political analyst abhay deshpande.
of course, he would reap the benefit if they return to power, he added.
things may not be entirely smooth for fadnavis though.
his revenue minister chandrakant patil who was recently made state bjp chief is slowly positioning himself as an alternative to fadnavis.
patil is a trusted aide of union home minister amit shah.
undoubtedly, if the bjps seats reduce considerably (in 2014 it won 122 out of 288 assembly seats), fadnavis will have to face the flak.
but for now, the party needs him and he is the face of the bjp in maharashtra as the battle for assembly begins.
mumbaiupdated: aug 09, 2019 17:31 istthe deaths of 30 people in various flood-related incidents in maharashtra in the past one week have not deterred the states water resources minister girish mahajan from taking selfies during a tour of the affected regions, attracting widespread flak on friday.
sporting a bright orange-and-black life-vest, mahajan was aboard a government rescue boat for the tour in some of the worst-hit localities of kolhapur-sangli and its surroundings on thursday evening.
en route, he was seen very jovial, cheerfully clicking selfies, laughing, smiling, apparently cracking jokes with some others on the boat, even as tragic news had just emerged of 12 villagers drowning after their rescue boat sank in brahmnal village in adjoining sangli district.
he was accompanied by a top ips officer on the trip, who was also seen smiling for a selfie.
jovial and cheerful #maharashtra water resources minister #girishmahajan says 'cheese' to click selfies while on a tour of #flood hit areas of #sangli-#kolhapur on august 8, attracting flak from the #opposition and on #socialmedia.
#maharashrtrafloodsvideo: ians pic.
twitter.com/35rmkrhmlo  ians tweets (@ians_india) august 9, 2019maharashtra opposition parties attacked mahajan and demanded that chief minister devendrafadnavis should take action against the minister for his insensitive attitude towards the flood-hit people suffering since over a week.
leader of opposition in council and nationalist congress party mla dhananjay munde tweeted: are the rulers left with any sensitivity?
devendra fadnavisji, take resignation of this insensitive minister, suspend the officials concerned.
mahajan should be ashamed of himselfa people are marooned and waiting on rooftops for rescue without food or water, but the minister is busy on flood tourism, munde lashed out.
maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) president raj thackeray also attacked mahajan for clicking selfies and wondered if the state government was concerned about the plight of the people in any way.
former mumbai congress president sanjay nirupam said the people of kolhapur weree totally dependent on the indian army, navy, air force, ndrf, sdrf for their rescue as ministers were only indulging in flood tourism.
in the face of such a massive tragedy and loss of over 30 lives, how could the minister feel so happy and click selfies?
the chief minister must immediately sack him from the cabinet, nirupam demanded.
mahajan was also widely trolled on social media and other platforms and people warned that the government would pay for in the upcoming assembly polls.
the government is not an elected contractor but think what you can contribute for the country, prime minister narendra modi said on thursday.
his remarks, at the 50th anniversary of the ladies wing of indian merchant chamber, almost sounded like john f kennedys best-known quote  ask not what your country can do for you  ask what you can do for your country.
talking about how his government is pushing women empowerment, the pm highlighted how the passport rules have been changed to give more flexibility to women.
now, women dont need furnish certificates of her marriage or talaq.
it also depends on her if she mentions her fathers name or mothers name in the passport.
through video from here, the pm addressed the event in which maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis , bjp mp poonam mahajan and bollywood star katrina kaif were present among others.
modi asked if corporate india can develop an online platform that helps the youth to know which skill is in demand in which country.
he also took potshots at the congress when he spoke about his governments target to give more gas connections to poor women.
during 2014 poll my rival partys was mulling whether 9 or 12 cylinders should be subsidized.
it was about lok sabha poll, about the pm, countrys agenda, but one party was stuck between 9 or 12 cylinders.
but he also emphasized that when he talks about responsibilities, it is not necessarily of what the government can do.
i talk about what we all can do.
cant we celebrate the 75th year of independence in 2022 with our contribution?
democracy is the journey of bhagidari, modi said.
he also asked for special awareness campaign for gst to teach small women employers and traders about the benefits of the new law.
effusively praising the capabilities of indian women, modi maintained that from panchayet to parliament, from village wells to silicon valley indian women are dominating everywhere.
its a myth that indian women are only housewives, the pm added.
sounding the bugle for 2019 elections, chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday urged party workers to start preparing for polls as they were headed for a scenario where it was likely to be all-parties versus the bjp.
while the cm did not directly talk about the alliance, he indicated that the party should be prepared to contest polls with or without its ally shiv sena.
there is an attempt to create a scenario in 2019 polls where it will be prime minister narendra modi versus all other parties.
if all parties come together against us, then there is a need to enter the poll arena with even more preparation and strength, said fadnavis at the bharatiya janata partys (bjp) state executive meeting in dadar.
addressing the partys office-bearers and district presidents, he asked party leaders to focus on micro-level planning for polls and to initiate a one-to-one dialogue with the voters .
there is an attempt to create a negative atmosphere against the bjp.
a straight dialogue and connect with voters is an ideal way to counter this negativity, added fadnavis.
he pointed out how despite emerging as the single largest party in the karnataka polls, the discussion in the media had veered towards loss in one or another seat.
the cm also said that while the bjp was open and willing for an alliance with the shiv sena, the party cadre should start preparing for elections without waiting for its ally.
the cm said that the party should be ready for polls in any situation.
if the sena doesnt join us, we can go ahead as we did in palghar.
the palghar bypolls indicated that the bjp can take on the sena, said a senior party functionary.
while bjps senior state brass has been increasingly vocal about wanting an alliance with the sena, the latter has continued to snub the offer.
after the bypolls results, sena chief uddhav thackeray reiterated that his party would contest all elections independently.
in his address, state party president raosaheb danve said he hoped that the sena would join hands with the bjp as it would benefit both.
most of the people staging protests are not real farmers.
they are political workers.
i am willing to talk with anyone to resolve the problems of farmers but not those who have political intentions, fadnavis said as the agitation entered the sixth day.
the chief minister held talks with the representatives of various farmers groups on saturday and promised to waive off loans farmers with land holding up to five acres following protests in western and central maharashtra.
most of the people staging protests are not real farmers.
they are political workers.
i am willing to talk with anyone to resolve the problems of farmers but not those who have political intentions, fadnavis said.
the maharashtra government is likely to end up spending about rs 30,000 crore to write off these loans.
the decision that will come into effect by october 31 is expected to benefit 31 lakh farmers, who have not been able to access crop loans for the past four to five years.
fadnavis added he would set up a committee of government officials, which will have farmers representatives, to work out details of the loan waiver.
he also promised a mechanism to ensure that the farmers are protected against falling prices of agricultural commodities.
while several representatives called off their strike following fadnavis assurance, some farmers outfits decided to continue with the agitations and even organised a maharashtra bandh on monday.
these outfits  now joined by late sharad joshi led shetkari sanghatana and bjp ally mp raju shetti led swabhimani shetkari sanghatana  are demanding for a complete farm loan waiver for all the 1.
34 crore farmers in the state.
the opposition congress-nationalist congress party, as well as bjp ally shiv sena, are demanding complete loan waiver.
it is still getting a response in parts of the state mostly in western, central (marathwada) and a few districts in north maharashtra.
farmers came out in groups on streets and highways expressing solidarity and tried to block trucks carrying vegetables and milk to cities such as mumbai and pune.
the protest may also affect mumbais supply of vegetables, fruits and milk as milk collection in kolhapur, the biggest milk producing district in the state, as farmers there decided not to collect milk as a mark of protest.
the shortage in supply may once again result in a steep rise in the prices of vegetables and fruits.
in a related development, a 21-member core committee comprising all prominent farmers leaders in maharashtra and agricultural experts will meet in nashik on tuesday to chalk out the future course of the agitation.
according to reports, ncp chief sharad pawar called on prime minister narendra modi in new delhi apparently to seek his attention to the farmers agitation in maharashtra.
fadnavis also has called a meeting of bjp ministers late in the evening to discuss the situation.
he has two challenges at hand.
first, to put an end to the agitations and second, mobilise rs 30,000 crore for the loan waiver.
the state is not exactly in a good financial condition with a debt of over rs 4 lakh crore.
fadnavis has even explored the option of assistance by the centre but the latter is not keen.
union urban development minister m venkaiah naidu, who was in mumbai on tuesday, categorically ruled out any loan waiver package or aid by the centre to the state to write off the loans.
uttar pradesh, telangana and andhra pradesh have announced loan waivers on their own and maharashtra will have to follow the same, naidu told reporters.
what started as a lukewarm response to the maharashtra bandh  called by dalit leader prakash ambedkar and his associates  on wednesday morning escalated to a full-blown agitation across mumbai and neighbouring thane and navi mumbai, with protesters staging road blocks and rail rokos, vandalising vehicles and public property, threatening shopkeepers and auto, taxi drivers, and burning bikes.
after bringing the city to its knees, in the evening, around 4pm, ambedkar announced that the strike had been withdrawn.
through the day, protests, demonstrations and disruptions were reported in parel, dadar, worli, bandra, khar, goregaon, kandivli, borivli, ghatkopar and mulund, among other places, the police said.
women and children were seen participating in large numbers in these agitations.
the mumbai police registered nine criminal cases and detained over 100 protesters so far.
wednesday morning saw less vehicular traffic than usual, though best buses, taxis, radio cabs and autos plied in most parts of the island city and the suburbs.
however, as protests worsened, vehicles went off the roads.
demonstrators also moved in large numbers on motorcycles in several localities and blocked traffic.
in the afternoon, parts of arterial roads such as the western express highway, the eastern express highway and eastern freeway were blocked by protesters, the traffic police said.
we have been stuck here since 11am when protesters forced bus passengers to get down, a bus conductor said at link road, goregaon.
republican party of india (rpi) activists were seen stopping share-auto services at vasai-nalasopara and virar.
rasta roko on the western express highway at borivli on wednesday afternoon.
(pramod thakur/ht)trains were on time during the morning peak hours despite demonstrations at thane and virar stations, but by mid-day, services were affected badly after rail rokos were staged on all three corridors of the central railway as well as on the western railway.
metro services too were partially shut following protests.
trains, however, were less crowded as compared to normal days.
protesters block trains on platform no.
2 on the central line at dadar station.
(bhushan koyande/ht)the one-day bandh affected fliers, many of whom opted to wait it out at the domestic terminal rather than step into the chaos.
a jet airways flight from delhi to mumbai has been cancelled because of the stir.
the impact of the bandh was more visible in the citys eastern suburbs, which faced the brunt of the agitations on tuesday, and people stayed off the streets, shops remained closed, and children were not sent to schools.
with the state education department not declaring a holiday, several schools and colleges stayed open, though many also declared the day off, and the school bus owners association (sboa) did not ply their buses.
all educational institutions that were open saw poor attendance.
protesters block the western express highway in bandra.
(satyabrata tripathy /ht)banks and offices in the city were working, but in most areas, shops either voluntarily stayed shut or were forced to down their shutters.
a group of protestors trying to pull down shutters of shops in andheri, bandra and powai were rounded up by the police.
there was strong police presence across the city, and additional reinforcement in dalit-dominant areas such as ghatkopars ramabai nagar, though police officials did not use force against demonstrators, following government orders.
one incident of lathicharge was reported in chembur.
we want justice.
those who pelted stones in bhima koregaon should be held under the murder and atrocity act, said an irate woman protester, who did not wish to be named, at panch rasta in mulund.
do not believe in or spread rumours, continue with your daily activities.
the police administration is there and geared up to deal with any untoward situations, said sachin patil, deputy commissioner of police and spokesperson.
shop stayed shut at hindmata, dadar, among other areas.
(bhushan koyande/ht)major roads leading into the city such as the sion-panvel highway and the mumbai-pune expressway also saw road blocks, which resulted in traffic jams.
the bandh actually has limited support, as it does not have the backing of the opposition, the congress-nationalist congress party combine.
violent protests erupted in mumbai, pune, and other cities across maharashtra on tuesday, a day after clashes in pune district during celebrations to mark the bicentenary of a british-peshwa war claimed one life and left four others injured.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has ordered a judicial inquiry into the pune incident.
many auto-rickshaw drivers have called it a day, and roads are mostly empty.
(farhan shaikh/ht)every year, hundreds of thousands of people gather at bhima koregaon to mark the anniversary of an 1818 war between the british and the peshwas.
many dalit leaders believe the war was won by the british with the help of the dalit soldiers in the regiment, who defeated a large army of the peshwas, who allegedly instituted oppressive caste practices.
indiaupdated: sep 03, 2019 18:36 istmaharashtra minister jaykumar rawal on tuesday said the state government plans to build two tourist resorts in jammu and kashmir, and ladakh.
rawal, who holds the tourism portfolio, said a letter will be sent to jammu and kashmir governor through his maharashtra counterpart and chief minister devendrafadnavis seeking land for the purpose, a move which comes ahead of assembly polls.
the state governments decision to build the resorts through the maharashtra tourism development corporation (mtdc) comes in the wake of the centre last month abrogating provisions of article 370 of the constitution, which gave special status to jammu and kashmir.
with the revocation of these provisions, the bar on outsiders from buying land in jammu and kashmir, a major tourist destination, is expected to cease to exist.
the centre has also bifurcated the border state which will lead to jammu and kashmir, and ladakh becoming union territories on october 31.
speaking to reporters here, rawal said the mtdc board, in its august 28 meeting, decided to allot rs 1 crore each for setting up the resorts in srinagar and ladakh.
we are going to write to the governor there through our governor and chief minister seeking land.
we have decided to buy either government or private land, he said.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
chief minister devendrafadnavis in his address at the bharatiya janata partys (bjp) state executive meet in thane on thursday prepared the ground for a possible alliance with the shiv sena in the upcoming polls, by asking his cadre to look at the big picture to make india congress-free.
but he put a caveat, saying such an alliance would be possible only on the bjps agenda of transparency and transformation inspired by the prime minister.
we have decided we will usher in complete transparency in work and that is our direction.
but as we move in this direction, understand why we speak of a coalition.
after so many years under pm modis leadership, there is a possibility of a congress-free india.
the congress, its off-shoot parties and leaders have looted the country and the state.
a coalition is to ensure these powers dont get strength, said fadnavis.
fadnavis, in his speech, also tried to appropriate the maratha warrior king, shivaji and his soldiers.
he told his party cadre to fight like mavlas, shivajis soldiers, in the upcoming electoral battle, without a care for the enemy, keeping trust in their king and his aim of good governance.
even the pm, fadnavis said, had no personal agenda and only worked for the benefit of the country.
under pm modi, the country is heading for a transformation by 2019.
if an alliance has to be happen, it will happen on the agenda to transform maharashtra and transparency, not just for power or on basis of seat-sharing, he said.
taking a cue from the speech, party leaders and political observers said unless the saffron allies formalised a pact, there would be no finality or clarity on the saffron alliance.
its clear, however, that the parties will go ahead with the talks.
from the bjp, state president raosaheb danve, education minister vinod tawde and city chief ashish shelar are likely to hold the talks, while from sena industries minister subhash desai and party mp anil desai, both uddhav thackerays trusted leaders, will be soldiers in the negotiations.
the talks are likely to go on for a while.
in the meanwhile, fadnavis and thackeray will also hold direct communication.
while no one from the bjp spelt out the transparent agenda that will be brought to the table, it is learnt the party wants the sena to concede at least 105 seats in the bmc, in case of an alliance.
this includes the share for bjps ally, republican party of india (a).
the sena may be willing to concede between 90 to 100 seats, said sources.
last election, we gave 63 seats to the bjp and 22 to the rpi.
this time, with the rpi not being there, we can give those seats to the bjp too, and a few beyond that, a senior party functionary said.
meanwhile, the conclave saw bjp leaders and party cadre insisting on going solo in the polls to 10 municipal corporations and 25 district councils.
they claimed the party would single-handedly win the polls.
the sentiment in the party is against a coalition with the sena, given the recent high of winning big in the municipal council polls and thackerays consistent attacks on bjps central leadership.
bjp legislator madhu chavan sent a proposal to contest solo in the polls, which was accepted by all present with a show of hands.
the backdrop of the dias at the venue called for shat pratishat bjp or 100 per cent bjp.
many in the party feel they are heading towards a re-run of the 2014 assembly polls, when the seat sharing negotiation stretched out and then broke down last minute.
we dont want a bad name for breaking an alliance, so talks will happen and thats exactly what the cm has indicated.
but we want at least 105 seats in the bmc.
will the sena give it to us?
asked a senior party leader.
while the sena party cadre prefers to not have an alliance , sources said sena chief uddhav thackeray is keen on out an alliance.
it is a possibility that the bjp might register a strong victory in the mumbai civic polls and this might embarrass the sena, a senior party leader said, adding there is a likelihood of the alliance taking shape.
the vishwa hindu parishad (vhp) has decided to issue identity cards to its gau rakshaks in maharashtra, a functionary of the outfit said on saturday.
the move by the right-wing organisation comes in the backdrop of a string of attacks on individuals by cow vigilantes and protests over mob violence in various parts of the country.
identity cards will be issued to volunteers involved in cow protection activities and their names will also be submitted to the state government, said ajay nildawar, prant mantri of the vhp for the vidarbha region of maharashtra.
he was replying to a question on violence by cow vigilantes at a press conference in nagpur.
nildawar said the decision to issue identity cards to cow protection volunteers was taken following three meetings between vhp leaders and maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
he added that the step would help distinguish anti-social elements from the genuine volunteers.
he also said that metro lines 2 and 7 would be extended upto mira-bhayandar on the north and to the airport too.
while replying to the debate on the budgetary demands for the urban development and home department on wednesday, fadnavis said that joining these missing links would ensure that the all parts of the city are connected to each other.
he also said that the state plans to expand the 172-km planned metro network to 200 km in the mumbai metropolitan region within a few years.
the mmrda has started metro 2 between dn nagar-dahisar-bandra-mandale and metro 7 between andheri and dahisar.
the 13-km extension to mira-bhayander, which will now be called metro-9, will have 10 stations and cost rs6,518 crore.
metro 7 will be extended to connect to the mumbai international airport.
the construction has begun for 33.
5-km underground line.
once completed, metro 3 will reduce the carbon footprint worth six lakh trees, the chief minister said.
dissolve legislative council, says bjp mlabjp legislator anil gote has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis and state parliamentary affairs minister girish bapat that the maharashtra legislative council be dissolved as important bills are being stalled for political motives.
maharashtra has two houses of state legislature  assembly and council, the upper house.
currently, the opposition congress-ncp forms the majority in the council because of which the ruling bjp is not being able to pass the bills the way they want.
the legislative council has no constitutional powers.
the candidates rejected by the people during assembly elections are rehabilitated at the council, said gote.
important bills are being stalled for political motives.
this should be stopped by dissolving the upper house, he added.
he was referring to the appropriation bill that was stalled last week for two days in the council.
khar police station is illegal, ashish shelar tells assemblybjp mla and city unit chief ashish shelar in the state assembly on wednesday said that khar police station is illegal as the plot is reserved for a veterinary hospital.
shelar also demanded higher fsi for all affected people of the metro rail projects on the girgaum and kalbadevi lines.
initiating a department-wise budget debate in the lower house, shelar said that his attempts to make the station legal in the last two years have been in vain.
it can be made legal by changing the reservation use of the plot.
i have been trying to get this done since 2015 but things are not moving in the right direction, he said, demanding that the state should take up the issue seriously.
khar is situated in western suburbs of the city.
it is the same police station from where investigation in the high profile sheena bora case started in 2015.
shelar also demanded a floor space index (fsi) of 4 for the rehabilitation of the project affected people (pap), with metro projects coming up in various parts of the city.
the state should incentivise the rehabilitation of paps of the metro lines like it had done for girgaum-kalbadevi area by allowing the use of fsi of 4, he said.
he was indicating to the case where shiv sena and maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) had opposed metro-3 plan after they found that around 850 families will be displaced with the project in the girgaum-kalbadevi area.
to quell the political resistance, the state government then decided to allow using fsi of 4 for in-setu development of the affected families.
fsi is the ratio of the permissible built-up area to the plot area.
state asks bcci for agreement documents with cricketersthe maharashtra government on wednesday informed the state assembly that they have sought documents from the board of control for cricket in india (bcci) about the agreement between the board and cricketers in case of non-payment of stamp duty.
, said the state revenue minister chandrakant patil said in the lower house.
he was replying to the queries raised by mumbai bjp mla amit satam.
satam alleged that the bcci has not paid registration fees and stamp duty for the agreements being made between bcci and the cricketers.
this has resulted in huge revenue loss for the state government.
to the best of my knowledge, bcci has never paid stamp duty to the state for these agreements.
if it is true, then they have deprived the state of revenue worth crores over the past few years, satam said.
in a written reply to the queries, the revenue minister said that as per the indian registration act, 1908, the bcci doesnt need to register such agreements with the state.
however, according to the maharashtra stamp act, it is mandatory on part of the bcci to pay stamp duty on the agreements with cricketers, he pointed out.
to ascertain the facts, the collector of stamps and additional collector of stamps have asked bcci officials to submit all the related documents with the office of registration and stamp duty, patil said in his reply.
chief minister devendrafadnavis and three others escaped unhurt after a helicopter carrying them crash-landed soon after it took off from a helipad at nilanga in latur district of central maharashtra.
the cm had gone to latur to participate in bjps farmer outreach programme, with principal secretary pravin pardeshi and staff abimanyu pawar and ketan pathak.
tv clips show the helicopter crash-landed near a slum like area at nilanga close to the helipad from where it took off.
an st bus in the vicinity got damaged.
the pilot decided on an emergency landing within 2 minutes of take-off.
the helicopter didnt crash-land, but got caught in wires while landing.
we experienced sudden jerks, but no one suffered any injury.
the cm has called for a detailed probe into the incident, said ketan pathak, officer on special-duty (osd) with the cmo.
the chopper is owned by maharashtra government.
i will now go to latur and from there to mumbai.
i am fine, nothing to worry, said fadnavis.
he also released a video to tell citizens he is safe.
watchfadnavis also tweeted about the incident, saying, there is nothing to worry.
our helicopter did meet with an accident in latur but me and my team is absolutely safe and ok.
nothing to worry.
devendra fadnavis (@dev_fadnavis) may 25, 2017the dgca released a statement about the incident:  maharashtra govt sikorsky helicopter vt-cmm took off from nilanda se of latur at 1200 hrs.
there were 06 persons on board, including 2 crew members.
honble cm of maharashtra was also on board.
after take-off, pilot found variable wind pattern.
pilot decided to land back.
during landing, the helicopter got entangled in wires.
the helicopter has sustained substantial damage.
all six persons are safe and escaped unhurt.
spoke to commander of the flight as well as honble cm.
both informed well being of all occupants.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray called up fadnavis in latur to inquire about his health and safety.
governor ch vidyasagar rao also called fadnavis.
thackeray and fadnavis are known to share a good rapport.
for the past two years, they have established a direct dialogue to sort out problems within the coalition.
but since the bitter campaigning in the mumbai civic polls their relations have been strained.
more recently, thackeray has been directly taking on fadnavis by criticising his pet policies and projects.
west bengal cm mamata banerjee also tweeted about the incident.
thanks be to god that @dev_fadnavis and his team members are safe after the helicopter accident.
wish him well  mamata banerjee (@mamataofficial) may 25, 2017fadnavis was in latur for the shivar sawad initiative, which aims at reaching out to farmers across 43,000 villages.
the bjps farmer outreach is a bid to counter opposition as well ally the shiv senas consistent attacks that the state governments handling of the agrarian crisis is shoddy.
fadnavis, just before leaving for mumbai, had a dialogue with villagers from halgara village in nilanga taluka of latur.
the village has been successfully working for water conservation for the past 50 days through volunteering.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday kick started multiple road and infrastructure project works on the thane-belapur road, including two flyovers and an underpass.
accompanied by thane guardian minister eknath shinde, he inaugurated the ghansoli-talavli flyover, and the underpass at mahape.
he also commissioned the flyover along savita chemicals.
the two flyovers and underpass had been developed by the mmrda at the behest of the navi mumbai municipal corporation (nmmc) in an effort to ease traffic congestion.
the flyovers have been constructed on the 1.
4 kilometre ghansoli naka-talavali naka stretch and 575-metre mahape-savita chemicals junctions.
the vehicular underpass at mahape junction is 500 metres.
the collective budget for the three projects is 155 crore.
while the work had commeneced in march 2015 and had been slated to completed by march 2017, it faced several delays owing to traffic and other issues.
moreover, fadnavis also performed the bhoomipujan for the airolikatai naka elevated road project and tunnel work in navi mumbai.
the upcoming tunnel is expected to connect tb road and nh4.
this project is expected to connect navi mumbai directly to kalyan, cutting the distance by seven kilometres.
this is likely to cut travel time by almost half an hour.
the elevated road will be 3.
5 km, including a 1.
70 km tunnel.
the estimated cost of the project is estimated to be 385 crore.
following this, fadnavis held a public meeting in the midc area, along the airoli road.
the opening of the flyovers is expected to put an end to the frequent traffic snarls witnessed on the six-lane, 15-kilometre thane-belapur road.
the road that connects turbhe in navi mumbai to kalwa in thane bisects the midc industrial area and the nodal areas in the city.
it runs parallel to the trans-harbour railway line passing along airoli, rabale, ghansoli, kopar khairane and turbhe railway stations, from where commuters cross to the industrial side.
top it companies, such as reliance, have a major presence in the area.
chief minister (cm) devendrafadnavis on saturday held a joint review meeting with union housing minister hardeep singh puri and railway minister piyush goyal to discuss housing schemes in maharashtra.
state ministers, and other officials from the state and centre were also present at the meeting, held in the sahyadri state guest house in malabar hillthe meeting focussed on prime minister narendra modis pradhan mantri awas yojana (pmay), which aims to build affordable homes for all by 2022.
the leaders also took stock of pending issues and addressed hurdles that have delayed several projects in the state.
those present at the meeting said that issues concerning redevelopment of buildings in the airport funnel zone, on defence land and the project at dharavi, as well as several slum rehabilitation projects, were flagged.
the credai-mchi representatives from the real estate industry who were part of the meeting also raised the issue of ease of doing business.
the cm assured [developers] that the state government would ensure coordination among various departments and make the process of getting permissions easier.
they complained that late clearances not only delay projects but also lead to cost escalations, said a senior official from the housing department.
yogesh sagar, minister of state for urban development, said, the meeting was called to take stock of the situation and remove hurdles that are delaying implementation of housing schemes.
there was also stress on improving ease of doing business by the developers which the government has assured that it will look into it.
maharashtra has allocated rs 6,895 crore for under the centres pmay scheme.
speaking during a debate on mumbais housing issues, fadnavis on friday had told the state assembly that the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda), maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada) and slum rehabilitation authority (sra) have been asked to adopt the civic bodys pattern  which focuses on giving time-bound permissions  while clearing projects.
the maharashtra government recently shortlisted a private bengaluru-based firm  kyathi climate modification consultants  to conduct cloud seeding operations in areas such as marathwada, where there is less or no rainfall.
seeding is a method to induce rains over dams or catchment areas.
sorties are flown over them to spray a water-salt solution.
usually, rain falls within half an hour of seeding, experts have claimed.
the firm, which is selected through a tender process, will implement the rs 30-crore project over the next three months.
three bidders participated in the tender process.
among them, kyathi climate modification consultants was shortlisted.
we are planning to start cloud seeding from this month-end, said kishorraje nimbalkar secretary, relief and rehabilitation department.
the firm has expertise in aviation technology, and it had earlier undertaken cloud seeding in the state in 2015.
cloud seeding will mainly be carried out in marathwada, which has not yet got any respite from water scarcity.
the region has received only 56.
6  of the average rainfall it gets every year by this time.
as a result, waterstock in the dams is currently just 0.
81 .
last year, during the same time, the water stock was 13.
42 .
since the onset of monsoon got delayed, this would be an ideal time to conduct the exercise, as we will get the clouds.
without the clouds,there is no point in undertaking seeding, said another official from the department, on condition of anonymity.
he said the state needs over 15 permissions from various agencies, which will take around 40 days.
for instance, the aircraft and radar and other equipments come from us, for which we need import licenses.
but since we do not have 40 days to just get approvals, chief minister devendrafadnavis will intervene [in this matter].
we are trying to get all permissions by the end of this month and will start seeding immediately.
a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis ordered a review of the controversial open space policy, which was passed in the general body meeting of the civic body, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) has now sought to reopen the same for discussion.
bjp mla and corporator ameet satam has moved a notice of motion to reopen the policy in the general body meeting of brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) for discussion.
this means the implementation of the policy in its present form will be stalled.
read more: fadnavis intervenes to save mumbais open spacessatam has said the policy was not citizen-friendly and the views of the citizens needed to be incorporated.
the reopening of any policy cannot be done within three months of its approval; hence, satams notice of motion will be taken into consideration only after three months.
it is at the general body meeting that the fate of the policy will be decided and not according to the civic chief ajoy mehtas review report.
even if the review report of mehta is positive but a majority of corporators at the general body meeting choose to reopen the policy for discussion, the power will lie with the elected body to change the policy further.
civic sources said the concerns of the citizen groups- open spaces will be misused and will be out of bounds for citizens- will be tackled on priority.
mehta said, citizens concerns will be addressed.
no construction will be allowed on open spaces (recreation grounds or playgrounds) and it will be a part of the dcr that is under revision.
meanwhile, mehta will initiate the process of taking over 235 open spaces from private entities, who had been allotted spaces under the old adoption policy, from monday.
he has sought legal opinion from the law department of bmc on the further course of action-whether to issue letters asking representatives of the entities to be present on a particular date when the civic officials take over the plot or to send notices or carry advertisements in newspapers.
the sena, however, continued to defend the policy saying it was would help maintain open spaces better.
standing committee chairman yashodhar phanse, said, we have been talking about taking back over 200 plots from private entities and it is good that the civic administration will do it now.
we still stick to our stand that it is a good policy.
in april, a team of investigators from navi mumbai police kept returning to vasai creek, each time equipped with better technology.
they spoke to local fishermen and explored the area with the help of the navy.
they hired a private firm that specialises in marine search, which scanned the riverbed using highly-specialised and expensive equipment like magnetic gradiometers.
an incense stand and a sword were found, but there was no trace of what the investigators were looking for: a chopped-up female body.
two years ago, on april 11, 2016, assistant police inspector ashwini bidre, 37, told the watchman at her apartment complex in kalamboli that she was going home and so the milkman shouldnt leave any milk for the next couple of days.
home for bidre was alte, a village near kolhapur where her father jaykumar lives with his wife sumitra who is a patient of dementia.
bidre didnt go to see her parents.
neither did she go to hatkalange, where her husband raju gore, a local politician, lives with their nine-year-old daughter.
the last person to see bidre was inspector abhay kurundkar, who met her that evening at a hotel near thane railway station.
for the next three months, there was no trace of bidre and no one paid much attention to her absence.
jaykumar got a call from bidres office in june, asking of her whereabouts because she had not reported to work for two months.
they hadnt been in touch, he told the officer who called him.
that month, jaykumar got another call about bidre from her landlord who said her rent was overdue.
jaykumar felt a prickle of concern.
since he couldnt leave sumitra on her own for long stretches, jaykumar called his son anand, who lives in chennai, and asked him to file a missing persons report in navi mumbai.
anand evidently saw no reason for urgency.
he reported bidre as missing in july when a work trip brought him to mumbai.
at this stage, most people who knew bidre were convinced the police would find her.
they had no idea that after two years and lakhs spent on the investigation, one basic question would remain: where was ashwini bidre?
not just a missing personwomen make up 15  of the 2.
25 lakh police force in maharashtra.
its a male-dominated profession that makes it difficult to maintain a work-life balance, especially at junior levels.
bidre got through the maharashtra public service commission exams at the third attempt.
she was married at the time and was posted to pune and sangli.
gore would go and stay with her whenever he could.
she would be busy at work while i took care of the household, he said.
colleagues and seniors describe bidre as a disciplined and efficient officer.
she was an amiable person and good at her work.
never ever was there any complaint against her, said a former colleague who is presently attached to the office of the inspector general of police (igp), pcr.
although gore and the rest of bidres family has criticised the navi mumbai police, they have left no stone unturned in their efforts to find out what happened to the police officer.
from old-fashioned search warrants and interrogations to high-tech gadgets and analysis of smartphone data, investigators have used everything at their disposal.
bidres phone yielded approximately 200 contacts, which the police analysed.
teams were sent to vipassana centres in maharashtra, uttar pradesh, uttarakhand and himachal pradesh after cards for such establishments were found when bidres apartment was searched.
deputy commissioner of police pramod shevale told investigators that shed sent him a text message on april 14, in which shed said she wanted leave to do a course of vipassana.
kurundkar also said bidre had called him around april 10-11 to tell him she was going to a centre in uttar pradesh to do vipassana.
it started off as any other investigation into a missing complaint.
but later, it turned out to be among the five or six tough investigations i have done in my three-decade-long career in the force, said senior inspector kondiram popre of kalamboli police station, who led the investigation from july 2014 to october 2016.
but there was no sign of bidre anywhere.
inspecting the inspectorassistant commissioner of police (acp) sangeeta shinde alphonso was brought on for her expertise in cybercrime and she was able to extract a wealth of information stored in bidres phones and google drive.
she and popre have collected the bulk of the evidence that has been gathered so far in this case.
from interviews, cdr and the phones gps, the police were able to map bidres movements before her phone was switched off on april 11.
they revealed at least one interviewee as a suspect: kurundkar.
born into a prominent family in kolhapur and well-networked, inspector abhay kurundkar met bidre when she was transferred to sanglis lcb in 2012.
when he was serving in the lcb at sangli, the superintendent of police filed a report to the director general of police in which he alleged kurundkar had colluded with and passed on secret information to a political party in the run-up to the 2014 state assembly elections.
more than his investigating skills, abhay was known for his money, power and high political connections, said one officer, requesting anonymity.
hes spent most of his time in the local crime branch which is considered a plum posting in districts.
a job in the crime branch not only ensures a steady flow of extra income, it also helps in developing proximity with local politicians.
that proximity can be encashed at a time of need.
among kurundkars family friends is eknath khadse of the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
khadses nephew, raju patil, was among those interviewed by the police in connection with bidres case.
his and kurundkars phone records showed the two of them had spoken and met on the night of april 11.
patil, who is a hotelier, said he and kurundkar had talked and met to plan a dinner.
the police suspect patil, who was arrested in december 2017, knows what happened to bidre and kurundkars role in her disappearance.
the first one to point fingers at kurundkar was gore, bidres husband, who refers to bidre not by her name, but as madam.
gore was questioned by the police both as a next of kin and also as a possible suspect as bidres brother had dropped hints that bidres marriage was troubled.
gore told the police in july 2016 that he suspected kurundkar had killed his wife.
from day one, i suspected she could have been murdered by kurundkar and even told this to the police, said gore, who became the kolhapur district president of maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) in 2010.
she had been treading dangerous path and this was inevitable.
the affairin 2014, two years after she met kurundkar, bidre had dropped a bombshell on gore.
she told him she wanted a divorce and showed him a one-page statement from kurundkar on stamp paper, declaring he had accepted her and would divorce his first wife.
the two had been having an affair for more than a year.
at the time, bidre and gores daughter was five years old.
her decision to leave her marriage and continue her relationship with kurundkar would estrange her from the rest of her family.
the police discovered bidre and kurundkars affair while going through bidres cdr and computer.
in february 2016, shed made 321 calls to kurundkar.
only eight calls were from gore and not one of bidres outgoing calls were to him.
the police also found photographs that showed bidre and kurundkars relationship was intimate.
there was further confirmation from bidres watchman who identified kurundkar as the sahab who visited bidre regularly.
at first kurundkar insisted he had only a professional relationship with bidre and admitted to their affair only when the police showed him the photographs on bidres laptop.
the expression on his face changed completely, said popre, who had interviewed kurundkar in 2016.
as the investigation continued, the police found video footage  bidre had installed a cctv camera in a teddy bear  that revealed kurundkar was often violent with bidre.
none of this explained how or why bidre had vanished without a trace.
what the team led by popre and alphonse did have, however, was an idea of what probably happened to their fellow police officer.
from the locations recorded on bidre and kurundkars phones, the police knew that the two had met at thane railway station on the evening of april 11.
kurundkar initially denied this and then admitted to it.
then, bidre had gone with kurundkar to his apartment in bhayandar.
the phone was active till 8.
01pm that night and was reactivated the next day.
it would remain active for the next two days before being switched off.
kurundkar insisted that he came back to his apartment alone.
however, bidres phones global positioning system (gps) shows she was in his apartment building.
her phone would be used to send out messages over the next two days.
the police noticed that the spelling in these messages were uncharacteristic of bidre.
she would usually use u for you, but in the post-april 11 messages, you was abbreviated to y, which is how kurundkar writes it.
kurundkars phone showed he had made six calls to patil between 9.
30pm and 10.
30pm on april 11.
patil called him back and then came to meet kurundkar.
he didnt go up to the flat, but spoke to kurundkar at the parking lot.
then, patil left for a meeting he had in churchgate.
kurundkar called his driver late at night.
the next day, he made a call to his childhood friend mahesh phalnikar, who works in a bank in pune.
kurundkars phone locations showed that he made repeated trips to vasai creek in the days after bidre disappeared.
speaking to fishermen who saw kurundkar, the police learnt that he had told the fishermen that he was looking for the body of a constables wife who had committed suicide in vasai creek.
the police began to suspect kurundkar had murdered bidre and disposed of her body in the creek.
however, all they had was evidence that suggested an affair.
they had nothing that could concrete to prove kurundkars guilt.
alive in public memoryin october 2016, gore and anand bidre wrote to bombay high court, alleging kurundkar was responsible for ashwini bidres disappearance and that he was being protected by the police.
gore still believes there is a conspiracy to protect kurundkar.
this is because the detection of the case would have resulted in the collapse of the government, given kurundkars proximity to senior bjp leader eknath khadse who happens to be the uncle of raju patil, another accused in the case, he alleged.
contrary to gores claims, popre and alphonses investigation covered a lot of ground and gathered most of the existing evidence within the first year.
the obstacles they faced were the lack of conclusive proof that bidre is dead and connect kurundkar to her possible murder.
bidres case was also raised in the maharashtra assembly in 2017.
dhananjay munde of the nationalist congress party (ncp) was one of the five members of legislative assembly (mlas) who raised the issue in the house.
he said of bidre, she wasnt just another woman.
she was a police officer.
and the manner in which she was killed by her superior officer is a blot on humanity itself.
he also accused the police of trying to suppress the case.
so far, however, there doesnt seem to have been any suppression.
if anything, the case has been investigated in the glare of media coverage and publicity, largely thanks to gores relentless efforts to keep bidre in public memory.
hes leaked information, shared theories (which havent always been accurate) and campaigned tirelessly for his once-estranged wife.
i want justice for her, he said.
the remains of the dayas far as the police was concerned, the needle of suspicion targeted kurundkar, who had been caught lying by the police on more than one occasion.
the weakest link in his alibi was patil  why had kurundkar been so desperate to talk to him and why had the two met in the parking lot?
in december 2017, kurundkar was arrested on the suspicion of having kidnapped and possibly murdered bidre.
patil kept changing his story, which gave the police enough grounds to arrest him on the suspicion of being kundalkars accomplice.
in february 2018, a chargesheet was filed.
with kurundkar in custody, the police had a breakthrough.
kurundkars childhood friend mahesh phalnikar finally told the police that kurundkar had called him on april 12 to tell phalnikar that he had killed bidre.
phalnikar said kurundkar had confessed to hitting bidre with a cricket bat in a fit of rage.
this killed her instantaneously.
kurundkar had then cut her body into pieces with a saw, stored it in his house overnight and the next day, with phalnikars help, kurundkar had dumped the body in vasai creek.
the body parts had been packed with weights to ensure nothing floated to the surface.
finally, it looked like the mystery of what had happened to bidre had been solved.
unfortunately for navi mumbai police, the case has weakened in the past two months instead of becoming watertight.
forensic tests revealed no traces of bidres dna in the samples taken from kurundkars refrigerator (where, according to phalnikar, her torso had been kept overnight).
tests on a bloodstained towel revealed it was kurundkars blood, not bidres.
in early april, phalnikars lawyer said his client had been pressured by the police and subjected to brutal techniques to give a false statement.
phalnikar would like to record his statement again and is waiting for the courts permission on the matter.
with no body, no confession and no forensic results to prove the polices theory of how she was killed, bidres case remains frustratingly unresolved.
after the navi mumbai police called off the search in mid-april, bidres father wrote a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , threatening to self-immolate and accusing the police of conspiring to protect kurundkar.
on april 26, the navi mumbai conducted their final search for bidres remains in vasai creek, at two spots that they explored using dredgers and a magnetometer.
balasaheb daundkar, former director of the state forensic science laboratory, said: even if the body tissues had decomposed, eaten up by fish, or disappeared, bones will still be there.
a strong object like bone remains intact even after it is buried for many hundred years, as we see in case of fossils.
it can easily survive sea water for a couple of years.
however, it was a futile search, again.
alphonso remains attached to the case, much to the relief of bidres family.
theyve pinned their hopes on her.
she remains determined.
i will find the body, or parts of it, come what may, she had said when the exploration of vasai creek began in early april.
now, after three unsuccessful attempts, hope seems bleak.
as heavy rains continue to lash kerala and karnataka, operations at kochi airport have been suspended till sunday 3 pm.
the death toll in kerala rains has climbed to 22, said chief minister pinarayi vijayan .
keralas disaster management authority has issued red alert in idukki, malappuram, kozhikode and wayanad districts for two more days.
the chief minister has sought army and air force help as more rain is predicted over the next two days.
over 13,000 people have been evacuated so far and have been taken to over 60 relief camps, the state revenue department said.
rahul gandhi has urged congress leaders across the country to provide all possible help to people in flood-hit states of karnataka, maharashtra, kerala, gujarat, bihar, assam and odisha.
follow highlights here:6:32 pm ist southern railways cancels 20 trains southern railway suspended operations on two routes and cancelled 20 trains due to floods in palakkad.
services on a 100-km stretch from palakkad to kuttipuram that runs parallel to bharathappuzha river and from feroke to kallai have been suspended.
6:07 pm ist malappuram landslide: 30 families feared missing kavalappara and nilambur saw severe floods and landslides and several preson, even entire families have gone missing.
4:46 ist govts requests iaf to be on standby for rescue in nilgiris with torrential rains lashing nilgiris district in tamil nadu, leading to floods and landslides, the state government has requested the indian air force to be on standby to carry out rescue efforts.
chief minister k palaniswami said the incessant rains had resulted in flood and landslides, adding avalanchi in the district recorded 911 mm rainfall on thursday.
it had earlier received 820 mm on wednesday.
3:58 pm ist karnataka increases water discharge from almatti dam karnataka has so far discharged 4.
50 lakh cusecs water from the almatti dam, a move expected to bring ease flood situation in kolhapur and sangli districts of maharashtra.
an official from fadnavis office has said at present the discharge from the dam on the krishna river in bijapur district of neighbouring karnataka was 4,50,000 cusecs (cubic foot per second).
the discharge from the dam was 4,30,352 cusecs at 10 am on friday which was later raised to 4,50,000, he said.
the official said by friday evening, the discharge would be 5 lakh cusecs as demanded by chief minister devendrafadnavis from his karnataka counterpart b s yediyurappa.
2:55 pm ist moderate rains in punjab, haryana the temperature in punjab and haryana slightly came down as several parts in the two states received light to moderate rains, according to meteorological department officials.
the maximum temperature at most places dropped slightly and hovered in the range of 30-34 degrees celsius.
2:25 pm ist rains disrupt power generation in himachal rains for over 48 hours in himachal pradesh have caused heavy silting and debris sliding from hills, which in turn has led to disruption in electricity generation.
operations at 1500 megawatt nathpa jhakri hydel power project were shut down on late thursday night after the silt level increased in turbulent sutlej river .
silt-level in sutlej river variate from 16,000 particles per million (ppm ) to 25000 ppm which is higher than the permissible limit 5,000 ppm.
t hydle project has its dam in khab in kinnaur while the power station was located in jhakri near shinmla districts rampur town.
operations had to be closed down to prevent damage to the machinery from silt  said sanjeev sood chief engineer head of project, sutlej jal vidyut nigam limited that owns 1500 mw project .
the project incurred a loss to tune of rs 11 crore ( per day ) for remaining shut for day said he.
the silt is abnormally high in sutlej he said.
2:21 pm ist navy allows commercial aircraft operations from kochi naval air station in view of prevailing situation, the southern naval command of the indian navy is all geared up and ready to provide any assistance to the civil administration as and when required, a defence spokesman said, according to news agency pti.
he said the state government had requested the navy to allow the naval air station garuda for facilitating civil aircraft operations as the international airport suspended all operations till sunday.
navy is ready to facilitate commercial aircraft operations from the naval air station, the spokesman told pti.
2:05 pm ist 80,000 evacuated in 24 hours in karnataka in karnataka, over 80,000 were evacuated in 24 hours ending 8 am friday.
in all, 1.
24 lakh people have been evacuated across the state so far.
1:52 pm ist centre has assured assistance to karnataka: cm karnataka cm bs yediyurappa on friday said that the centre has assured all possible assistance to the flood-hit districts of the state.
i am in constant touch with the central government, yeddyurappa told reporters at mudhol in bagalkot district, where he interacted with the flood-affected people and later undertook an aerial survey.
he said the prime minister narendra modi, home minister amit shah and defence minister rajnath singh have been briefed on the rescue and relief efforts in karnataka.
1:45 pm ist landslide in keralas malappuram, over 50 feared trapped there was a major landslide in keralas malappuram last night, over 50 people are feared trapped.
forces are yet to reach the site.
due to inclement weather air lifting is difficult, the air force has said.
1:20 pm ist no need to panic: kerala cm despite heavy rainfall in most parts of the state, kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan on friday assured the people that there was no need to panic.
if one compares with the floods that took place the same time last year, this time its not that serious.
as a government, we have taken every precaution and there need be no panic, but just be alert.
the need of the hour is people should cooperate with the authorities, if they are asked to move out from places which are likely to turn dangerous, they must comply, news agency pti quoted vijayan as saying.
1:00 pm ist chopper to drop relief material in flood-hit sangli relief material in flood-hit sangli district of maharashtra, will be dropped by a helicopter that may also be used to evacuate stranded people, an official said on friday as quoted by news agency pti we have received one chopper and its trial landing has been successfully conducted.
we are now starting sorties to drop relief material in the affected areas.
the chopper may be used to evacuate people from the flood-hit areas, said abhijit choudhary, district collector of sangli.
12:35 am ist we want to go home: 500 people stranded in kohlapur at least 500 passengers and eight buses were stranded in kohlapur as several parts of maharashtra witnessed heavy rainfall, news agency ani reported.
the area beyond the kini village, where the passengers are currently stranded, has been receiving heavy showers for the last one week.
urging the government to rescue them, a woman named anne abraham, stranded on the road with her two children said, we want to go home.
it has been four days and no one has come to inquire about us.
it is only because of the villagers, who have provided us with food and water, that we are alive, reported news agency ani.
12:29 am ist bus services affected in karnataka bus services on several routes in karnataka were cancelled due to heavy rainfall.
karnataka state road transport corporation (ksrtc) said that bus services between mysuru to madikeri and mysuru to h d kote road routes were suspended keeping in mind passenger safety, reported news agency ani.
the ndrf has deployed several teams to carry out rescue operations in flood affected areas.
12:28 am ist alappuzha-thiruvananthapuram train services suspended in kerala, alappuzha-thiruvananthapuram train services have been suspended owing to heavy rainfall.
12:25 pm ist rain, thunderstorm likely in parts of himachal today the india meteorological department (imd) has predicted light to moderate rainfall and thunderstorm in several parts of himachal pradesh.
light to moderate rain/thunderstorm may occur at dharamshala, mandi, manali, kullu, bilaspur, una, palampur, hamirpur, solan, and shimla, the imd said in its bulletin.
12:01 pm ist maharashtra cm conducts aerial survey maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis conducted an aerial survey flood affected districts and held a on review meeting in kolhapur on thursday, following which more central teams have been mobilised for rescue operations in the state.
the heavy rainfall even on thursday made the rescue operation more difficult.
it rained 142  of the average rainfall in five districts of pune division, while it was 225  in sangli alone.
it has reduced in the last few hours and we expect it to help in faster evacuation of the stranded people, an official from the divisional commissioner office said.
11:45 am ist life is precious: kerala cm life is precious, said kerala chief minister as he requested people to cooperate with ongoing rescue efforts in the state.
during media briefing, the chief minister said that talk with navy are on to use the kochi naval base as temporary airport.
11:41 am ist 15 people rescued in chhattisgarh fifteen people were rescued from gudra nullah at bhairamgarh block in chhattisgarhs bijapur district on thursday, where they were stuck due to rainfall.
they were returning from barsur to mangnar village in dantewada when they got stuck in the flooded area11:37 am ist 24 landslides reported in kerala: cm while addressing the media, kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan said that 24 landslides have been reported so far in the state.
1:33 am ist kerala cm confirms 24 deaths after the review meet, kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan addressed the media and confirmed that 24 people have died so far in disaster hit state.
at least 350 relief camps have been opened so far, he said.
11:25 am ist pm has assured to provide assistance: rahul gandhi wayanad mp rahul gandhi has spoken to prime minister narendra modi regarding assistance for people affected by floods and landslides in kerala, especially in wayanad, which is the worst-hit district.
the pm has assured to provide any assistance required to mitigate the effects of the disaster, the congress leader tweeted on friday.
wayanad mp @rahulgandhi spoke to the prime minister seeking all possible assistance for the people severely affected by the floods and landslides in the state, especially in wayanad.
the pm has assured to provide any assistance required to mitigate the effects of the disaster.
rahul gandhi - wayanad (@rgwayanadoffice) august 9, 201911:18 am ist red alert in 8 kerala districts the situation in flood-hit kerala continues to be grim as weathermen has declared a red alert in eight districts.
rain is expected to continue for two more days.
11:15 am ist 40 people missing in wayanads puthumala, say locals in wayanads puthumala, which witnessed a major landslide on thursday, local people said that more than 40 were people missing, while 30 injured have been shifted to a hospital.
people are flocking to hospitals in search of their missing kin.
rescue operations were hampered due to bad weather conditions in the state.
11:10 am ist more army deployed for rescue ops more units of army have been pressed into service in kerala as many flood-affected areas in the state are still inaccessible.
11:05 am ist kerala cms review meet underway death doll in kerala has gone up to 25, while wayanad continues to be the worst-hit district.
chief minister pinarayi vijayans review meet is underway.
11:00 am ist 12 navy rescue teams in maharashtras sangli twelve navy rescue teams are being sent to the flood-hit sangli district in maharahstra, an official was quoted as saying by news agency pti.
these 12 navy teams will be deployed today (friday) in sangli in addition to the teams already present in kolhapur, a defence spokesperson said in a statement.
10:40 pm ist mother-daughter swept away by flood in uttarakhand in uttarakhands chamoli, a woman and her seven-year-old daughter were swept away after a water from a rivulet flooded their house on friday following heavy rains .
the incident occurred in faldia village of the district early on friday.
the district administration rushed rescue teams to the spot immediately but the mother-daughter duo is yet to be found, district disaster management officer nk joshi was quoted as saying by news agency pti.
10:30 am ist death toll in karnataka rises to 10 the death toll in karnataka rains has climbed to 10.
one more death has been reported in belagavi, which takes the total toll from the district to seven.
10:15 am ist 27 dead, 2 lakh displaced in maharashtra as heavy rains continue to batter several states in the country, at least 27 people died while 2.
05 lakh people were displaced in maharashtra on thursday.
around to 30,000 to 35,000 stranded people are still stranded and awaiting rescue in kolhapur and sangli districts, the worst-affected districts in maharashtra.
very heavy rainfall has been predicted for friday as well.
10:00 am ist 9 dead in flood-affected karnataka nine people have died in the flood-affected karnataka.
over 16,000 people and 3000 animals have been evacuated and shifted to 272 relief camps in the state, reported news agency ani.
9:45 am ist 20,000 people evacuated as overflowing rivers and swollen dams have flooded several districts in kerala amid heavy rains, over 20,000 people have been evacuated so far, revenue officials.
9:40 am ist control rooms in all kerala districts control rooms in all districts of kerala have been opened to assist people stranded in flood-hit areas.
wayanad is so far the worst-hit by rains, many people are still inaccessible in the district.
state revenue minister e chandrasekaran has said that more relief camps will be opened.
9:35 am ist will reach out to pm modi: rahul gandhi rahul gandhis parliamentary constituency wayanad is the worst-hit by rains in kerala.
the congress leader late thursday tweeted that he would reach out to prime minister narendra modi to brief him about the situation in the state and to request for assistance from the central government.
im monitoring the situation closely & have spoken to the kerala cm and key govt officials to expedite relief, he tweeted.
the flood situation in my parliamentary constituency, #wayanad is grim.
im monitoring the situation closely & have spoken to the kerala cm and key govt officials to expedite relief.
i will be reaching out to pm modi as well to brief him & request central govt.
assistance.
pic.
twitter.com/hwn8lxge4h  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) august 8, 20199:30 am ist kochi airport closed till sunday since there is respite from rain in kerala, operations at kochi airport have been suspended till 3pm on sunday.
many landslides were reported in the state on thursday, due to which many people are feared trapped.
9:25 am ist schools, colleges closed in kerala, all educational institutions have been ordered to remain shut as heavy rain continues to lash the state.
irrfan khan starrer hindi medium has been declared tax-free by the government of maharastra, the films producer said on thursday.
i would like to thank maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis for announcing our film hindi medium as tax-free in the state.
the film has already got a tax exemption in gujarat.
we are very glad to share the news, producer bhushan bhushan told media here during a special screening of the film.
actor irrfan khan, who was also present at the screening, said: this is a great step, more people will watch the movie as it is tax-free now.
the film addresses a social issue and it is a family entertainer.
so it needs to reach a wider audience.
i hope the film gets tax exemption in other states as well.
the screening was attended by celebrities like imtiaz ali, sushant singh rajput, swara bhaskar, sonal chawla, deepak dobriyal, among others.
hindi medium is releasing on friday.
fadnavis said this in a public interview, organised under the aegis of lokmanya seva sangh in vile parle, titled majestic gappa (chats).
this remark is expected to irk the shiv sena, which has been controlling the civic body for the past two decades just as talks for an alliance are to begin on monday.
the chief minister, who was asked about the alliance talks linked to the agenda of transparency, said it was clear that there had been mistakes in the way the bmc was run earlier.
he added that this would have to change, going forward.
he also said it was time to stop looking at the bmc as cow that politicians and their parties could milk.
that mindset has to change.
parties have enough funds to run without [resorting to] this, said fadnavis.
i am not making allegations or putting anyone in the culprits box, but it is true that we have to make roads every year.
that is [funded by] public money.
i have always wondered how can work be completed 27  to 20   below the lowest estimate.
as we go ahead, changes will have to be made, he said.
explaining the logic behind initiating alliance talks with the sena, despite public wrangling and fights, the chief minister said a tie-up was possible on a larger platform, with both parties having certain common threads such as hindutva, despite their differences.
every party wants to have a majority and a single government.
no party would like to share power.
but, that depends on the mandate.
we have some common threads and many differences and we are open about it.
we think that if there has to be an alliance, it should be on a common agenda, rather than seat sharing.
our agenda is transparency and both can work towards it, said fadnavis.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , during a review meeting at the sahyadri guest house on friday, agreed to a proposal to set up a team of 50 police personnel for the eviction of illegal slum dwellers in the city.
the team will be headed by an assistant commissioner of police and the cost of setting it up will be borne by the slum rehabilitation authority.
it will be responsible for overseeing evictions and aiding redevelopment, said housing department officers.
the state also gave its approval to appoint the maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada) as a special planning authority (spa).
appointing mhada as spa will speed up the process of acquiring permissions for housing projects implemented under prime minister awas yojana, said an officer from the housing department.
the cm will be responsible for handing over the possession of around 1 lakh units to home seekers in the state by march 2019.
by then, the approvals and permissions will be given to about 6 to 7 lakhs units under various housing projects, said the housing department.
the government is also considering offering the tenements of about 300 sqft to the illegal slum dwellers living in slums built after 2011the housing units, which will be offered at the construction cost, are expected to cost 9-10 lakh.
the state government has decided to raise the one-time compensation given to families of martyred soldiers from maharashtra to rs 25 lakh, from the current rs 8 lakh.
it has also increased financial aid awarded to soldiers with disabilities owing to wars and conflicts to a maximum of rs 15 lakh.
the decision, which comes into effect restrospectively from january 1, 2018, was taken by the states general administration department (gad), which is headed by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
last week, on may 16, the department also issued a government resolution (gr) to this effect.
till november 2016, the state government was providing rs 8 lakh as financial assistance to families of martyred soldiers from the state, but now we have decided to increase the one-time compensation two-fold to rs 25 lakh as a member of their family has made a supreme sacrifice for the country; the families deserve more help than they were getting, said a senior gad official, requesting anonymity.
the state has also increased financial assistance to soldiers injured and suffering from permanent disabilities due to wars, conflicts or encounters  a soldier will now get rs 15 lakh in case his disability is 50  or more, rs 8.
5 lakh if its between 25  and 50 , and rs 5 lakh for up to 25  disability, the official added.
so far, soldiers were getting a maximum of rs 4 lakh as financial aid.
opinionupdated: jul 31, 2019 20:45 istthe season of defections has started in maharashtra, two months ahead of the assembly polls.
on tuesday, four opposition legislators including three from the nationalist congress party (ncp) and one from the congress joined the bharatiya janata party (bjp) at a function organised by the party in mumbai.
this is being seen as one of the first such functions that the bjp might end up hosting over the next two months as the inflow from the opposition camp continues until the eve of the polls.
water resources minister girish mahajan glibly told reporters a day earlier that as many as fifty opposition legislators were in talks with the bjp.
if mahajan, a close aide of chief minister devendrafadnavis is to be taken seriously, it would be mean that two-thirds of the 83 congress-ncp mlas want out.
even if this is an exaggeration, the fact is that a majority of opposition mlas increasingly view the 2019 state polls as a one-sided fight stacked heavily in favour of the saffron parties.
and, in a re-run of the defections ahead of the modi wave in 2014 polls, many opposition legislators appear to prefer to migrate to the ruling parties to cling to power.
but the defections, run down by the opposition as opportunistic movements, also point to its state in maharashtra.
shivendra raje bhosale, a three- term ncp legislator from satara who switched sides on wednesday, said the congress and the ncp had clearly lost the plot.
it is clear already that they are unlikely to come to power in the state.
in such a scenario, if i want to keep promises to my people and do development in my constituency, i am better placed with the bjp, said shivendra raje bhosale, a descendent of the maratha warrior king shivajis family, said.
over the last few weeks, the ncp has lost five of its legislators, its mumbai city chief and womens wing chief to bjp-sena.
the congress is expected to lose at least another five to six mlas in the coming days.
this exodus has its roots in the congress-ncp coalitions failure to play the role of aggressive and credible opposition in the last five years.
it is also a result of leadership crisis in both parties.
and, in the case of ncp, it is also linked to pawars indecisiveness and continued flirtation with the bjp that left his leaders confused for much of the last five years.
the ruling parties dont get a clean chit in the ongoing defection saga.
defections mostly are a two-way street with the bjp-sena combine looking at picking the most winnable candidates in areas they are weak to increase their tally this election.
the saffron parties are looking at a target of 220-plus seats out of a total 288 seats in the state assembly.
this ambitious target is not possible without poaching on established leadership of the opposition.
bjp is not a dharmashala.
you cant just get up and join our party.
we will assess good leaders, their work and their grassroots connect before they are inducted.
but, strong and experienced leaders will be welcomed, said fadnavis.
the ncps losses have prompted sharad pawar to cry foul and complain that ruling parties are using their power and even government agencies to coerce opposition mlas to join their ranks.
but pawar should know how the defection dynamics work.
the history of states turncoat politics is closely linked to the ncp chief.
he split the congress in 1978 to form congress (s) and wrest power in the state.
in 1999, he again split the congress to form ncp.
within months of setting up ncp and contesting polls separately, pawar joined hands with congress to form the government.
the party leaders he poached from parties like congress and opposition, shiv sena, including former ncp ministers vijaysinh mohite patil, madhukar pichad or ganesh naik (former sena leader and ncp minister)  all established leaders in their constituencies - are doing what they know best.
they are moving on to greener pastures to continue staying in power.
mumbai milk farmers turned down the state governments invitation to discuss the issues related to the minimum support price (msp) to the milk.
the dairy farmers began their seven day protest last thursday, by distributing free milk.
they have also threatened to march to the state secretariat if their pending demands, including minimum support price of 27 a litre, is not met by the government.
farmers from eight districts have been agitating under the banner of the milk producer farmers action committee, headed by ajit nawale, state general secretary of the left-affiliated maharashtra state kisan sabha.
alleging that the co-operatives and private milk brands are procuring the milk for 17 a litre against the minimum support price of 27 fixed by the government, the farmers have demanded that the government take action against violaters and implement the msp.
the government had invited the committee to discuss the issue on monday, but the farmers insisted on a firm proposal about the procurement price before any discussion could be held.
we were asked to first speak to water resources minister girish mahajan and then chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday.
we have however, requested them to work out a proposal to ensure that the farmers get 27 a litre as the msp as promised by the government last year, said nawale.
while the government has agreed to one of their demands of offering subsidy on skimmed milk powder to give relief to farmers, the committee said that this measure would not be enough.
the subsidy on skimmed milk powder cannot ensure msp.
the issue is not linked to excessive milk supply and hence the drop in price.
it is about milk brands selling the milk at 42 by procuring it from farmers at just 17 to 24 a litre, said nawale.
dairy development minister mahadev janakar said that he has spoken to the committee members and the meeting with the government is expected to take place on tuesday after the cabinet.
besides the subsidy for skimmed powder, the committee has demanded that the government should offer a subsidy to meet the gap between the procurement price and the msp, as a solution.
dattatray ghanekar, managing director, gokul, a leading milk co-operative said that the milk was procured at a lower price as they are sustaining huge losses due to drop in demand and excessive supply.
the shiv sena came to power for the fifth time in a row in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation, with its nominee vishwanath mahadeshwar elected mumbais 76th mayor on wednesday with the backing of the bharatiya janata party.
mahadeshwar, an educationist and three-term councillor, defeated congress candidate vithal lokare by securing 171 votes in the house of 227.
the senas councillor from worli, hemangi worlikar, was elected deputy mayor.
though the bjp backed the sena, it was clear their ties would remain stormy.
the new mayor did not thank the bjp in his speech and sena supremo uddhav thackeray remained combative as ever in his references to the bjp.
thackeray, who visited the civic house soon after mahadeshwar was declared elected, thanked mumbaikars and the marathi manoos for the victory.
without crumbling under pressure we showed our rivals who is the number one party in mumbai, he said in an apparent jibe at the bjp.
the two parties had parted ways after a quarter of a century and contested the civic polls separately.
after a lot of posturing by both sides the bjp, which won 82 seats to the senas 84, decided not to contest the mayoral election, but its leaders have put the sena on notice.
manoj kotak group leader of bjp, said, on orders from our partys city chief to support sena, we did.
we will work as watchdogs in the civic body and will support or oppose depending on how transparent a proposal is.
another bjp leader, who asked not to be named was even more forthright.
matoshrees [uddhav thackerays residence] authoritarian control over the bmc is over.
the sena will be under pressure to deliver but at the same time it will be under our constant scrutiny, he said.
the congress has the numbers to help the sena in the civic body but they will be forced to target the latter instead of cosying up to the sena, he added.
on wednesday, the congresss mayoral candidate got just 31 votes, with the nationalist congress party and the samajwadi party abstaining.
the senas 171 votes included its 84 members and four independents, bjps 82 and geeta gawli of the akhil bharatiya sena.
seven members of the maharashtra navnirman sena remained absent.
winning the mayoral elections will probably be the easy part for thackeray and his party.
the tough part will be ruling the civic body for the next five years, especially during the next two and a half years in the run-up to the 2019 assembly polls.
the sena doesnt have a clear majority in the civic house.
it has 88 members (including 4 independents) on its side and is 26 short of a simple majority.
this means it will have to rely on either the bjp or smaller parties such as the ncp, mns and samajwadi party to get its proposals passed in the civic general body.
this will be sharp in contrast with what the sena was doing for past two decades.
it was clearly the largest party and matoshrees writ ran large in the bmc headquarters.
now, it is up against an aggressive and expansionist bjp, which can be expected to team up with the opposition to corner the sena over certain issues.
further, the sena will have limited say in the civic decision making as the municipal commissioner has more powers and he reports to the urban development department headed by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
this means the acrimony witnessed during in the civic polls will continue.
a glimpse of what is to come was visible on wednesday as the mayor was elected.
while the sena corporators were hailing thackeray, bjp members responded with slogans hailing prime minister narendra modi.
for mahadeshwar who won by a huge margin of 140 votes, the ride may not be smooth personally either.
he stands accused of grabbing a flat meant for bmc employees and of taking a salary from a government-aided college.
the charges if proved can get him disqualified.
i will make sure that various projects of the bmc are fast tracked so that better services can be given to the citizens, he said.
the shiv sena staged a show of strength outside the civic headquarters after it won the mayoral election.
thackeray addressed the crowd from a makeshift stage alongwith the newly elected mayor.
in a victory march later, thackeray along with son and yuva sena chief aditya thackeray marched on foot to hutatma chowk, memorial to martyrs ofin the samyukta maharashtra movement.
they were accompanied by the mayor and newly elected sena corporators.
at hutatma chowk, too, thackeray took potshots at the bjp, in an indication that the tussle was far from over though the civic polls are.
our fight against hypocrisy will continue, he told the media.
he also said the shiv sena will continue to demand loan waiver for farmers in the state  an issue which is being pushed jointly by the sena and the opposition congress and ncp.
though they may continue sniping at each other, both the sena and the bjp need each other to continue in power  the bjp in the state and the sena in mumbai.
in a setback to the sharad pawar-led nationalist congress party (ncp), niranjan davkhare, legislator and son of late senior leader vasant davkhare, will be joining the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on thursday.
with his resignation, the ncps strength in the states upper house is down to 22, from 23.
davkhare submitted his resignation letter to ramraje naik nimbalkar, chairman of the state legislative council, on tuesday.
the bjps state unit confirmed that he would be joining the party in the presence of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
reacting to the move, the ncp has decided to expel him from the party for six years.
in a statement, shivajirao garje, the ncps general secretary, said the party gave him many opportunities.
he was appointed state president of the partys student and youth wing, but he chose to become an opportunist and is joining another party now.
so, the ncp has decided to expel him for six years, garje said.
a member of legislative council (mlc) elected from the konkan graduates constituency, davkhares term was ending in july; the biennial election for the seat is slated on june 8.
the young politician is said to be upset with the ncp over its lack of support for the upcoming polls.
davkhare was not happy with the leadership as he was expecting the partys support for election preparations.
he was also upset with local leaders such as mla jitendra awhad for sidelining him with regard to party affairs in thane district, said a leader from the davkhare camp, requesting anonymity.
ncp leaders said they had been aware of his intention to move out, but said they thought he was going to join the shiv sena.
to contest the graduate constituency polls, a candidate has to begin preparations at least a year in advance, starting with holding a registration campaign of graduates.
but niranjan was doing nothing.
he gave a clear sense that he was planning something else, said a senior ncp leader, who also did not wish to be named.
ncp spokesperson nawab malik said davkhare had become an ncp leader only because of his late father, and was focused only on plotting his own career.
he was not at all unhappy with the party.
people like him cannot live without power.
as the ncp is not in the government anymore, he is joining the bjp, malik said.
but the chief minister indicated that the shiv sena shouldnt expect the chief ministers post.
the clear message from fadnavis comes weeks after the shiv senas aditya thackeray, who might be the first from the thackeray family to contest elections, underscored that equitable sharing of power and post includes all posts and power.
in an interview to hindustan times, fadnavis described the 29-year-old sena leader as an upcoming youth leader who understands issues and is keen to work.
we need a new leadership in the state.
i see this positively, the chief minister said.
quite like fadnavis who is on 24-day mahajanadesh yatra across the state, shiv sena chief uddhav thackerays son aditya had also embarked on a shorter, 5-day jan ashirwad yatra.
fadnavis did not elaborate on aditya thackerays plunge in electoral politics.
but on the increasingly louder pitch within the sena projecting the young leader as the partys presumptive chief minister, fadnavis said he had already hinted the bjps stand when the bjp-sena partnership ahead of the national elections was announced.
fadnavis was referring to his statement that the alliance partners will share the posts equitably.
you can read in between the lines.
.
.
as far as who will be the cm, i am sitting right here in front of you, he said.
watch | devendrafadnavis interview i bjp-sena will contest maha polls togetherfadnavis asserted that he did offer the deputy chief ministers post to the shiv sena when he last tweaked his council of ministers.
but they did not take up the offer, fadnavis added.
the bjp and the shiv sena have interpreted the equitable distribution of power and seat sharing formula differently.
while bjp leaders insist equal power sharing refers to equal splitting of ministerial portfolios and deputy chief ministers post for the sena, the latter says it refers to equal ministerial berths and split in cms tenure between the two parties.
but there have been indications that neither side might just yet push the envelope too hard on the chief ministers post, not before the elections are completed and the results are out.
fadnavis said the sena and the bjp would contest from an equal number of seats after setting aside some seats for the smaller allies.
in this, we will keep the seats we have won and vice-versa.
some seats we may swap.
the seat-sharing agreement will be announced by the end of this month, he said in the interview.
for the national elections, the bjp had contested on 25 seats and the sena, 23.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis is taking a digital campaign route and tapping into hologram technology to woo voters in the maharashtra civic polls.
to reach out to wider audience and connect with voters, his party bjp has introduced a three-dimensional hologram of fadnavis through a mobile app.
each smartphone user can download the app and view the 3d image of the cm who will then deliver a five-minute video message, a bjp release said in mumbai on friday.
the user will have to download the app, invite cm, to listen to fadnaviss message that is part of bjps campaign for the february 21 elections to 10 municipal corporations, including mumbai.
when the app gets active, a life-size image of the cm in 3d hologram format would emerge and it would be followed by his video message, the release said.
the mobile app is available in marathi, hindi and english.
during the 2014 lok sabha polls, modi, then bjps prime ministerial candidate, had successfully used hologram technology to address rallies and connect with voters.
the cm said strict action would be taken against officials responsible for not only the wall collapse, but also for other such accidents and the delayed cleaning of stormwater drains in the city.
fadnavis was replying to a debate on the monsoon situation in mumbai and other parts of the state after the opposition raised the issue in both houses of the state legislature.
opposition members on tuesday slammed the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) for alleged irregularities in the nullah-cleaning work and delay in construction of pumping stations.
nationalist congress partys (ncp) legislative party leader, ajit pawar, demanded dissolving bmc and conducting a high-level probe into its governance as it has failed to avert flooding.
if the need arises, please appoint an administrator for civic body by dissolving it, he said.
pawars colleague, jitendra awhad, said corruption in bmc was responsible for waterlogging as nullah-cleaning is done by safeguarding interest of contractors.
fadnavis, in his reply, said, apart from 2005, the rainfall on monday and tuesday was the second highest in the city in a 24-hour period since 1974.
he said the widening and deepening of nullahs and rivers is jeopardised by illegal hutments on the banks, and it is time bmc and the state took strict action against these hutments.
in some areas along mithi river, there are three-four-storey high hutments on the banks, endangering lives of citizens in the vicinity.
when we try to take action against them, the elected representatives plead to stop.
i have directed civic officials to take immediate action against them and rehabilitate them to a safer building constructed by mmrda, the cm said.
he also said bmc has not given contracts to the blacklisted contractors.
responding to ncp leader jayant patils allegation that some developers have encroached upon open spaces in the city, the cm said action will be taken against responsible bmc officials.
fadnavis also said he has directed bmc officials to immediately shift citizens living in hilly areas, prone to landslides.
in the wake of the forecast for heavy rainfall in the next three days, bmc has been directed to take due precautions, he said.
fadnavis also said that under the brimstowad project, five of the seven pumping stations proposed have been completed.
work on the pumping stations at mahul and mogra have begun and is expected to be completed soon.
we have acquired salt pan land owned by the centre by invoking special powers under the disaster management act.
once the construction is over, waterlogging will reduce to a great extent, he said.
micro-tunnelling on western railway has reduced waterlogging on the network, he said, adding a similar project is being implemented on central railway.
in the legislative council, opposition leader dhananjay munde blasted both shiv sena and the bharatiya janata party.
the mayor says there is no waterlogging.
he should have gone to matoshree [sena chief uddhav thackerays residence] and seen the water in front of that house.
cm visits disaster control roomthe cm also visited bmcs disaster management control room, to take stock of the situation in mumbai.
he inspected traffic and waterlogging and directed officials on where focus is needed.
there may be a year to go for the next general elections, but the state is witnessing its first poll battle between saffron allies shiv sena and the bharatiya janata party (bjp) in palghar.
the sena on tuesday fielded shrinivas wanga, son of former bjp mp chintaman wanga, for the palghar lok sabha constituency bypoll, which will be held on may 28.
the by-election, necessitated by wangas death in january this year, is all set to turn into a high-voltage contest between the sena and bjp.
this is the first time shiv sena has fielded a candidate for a seat held by its ally  an indication of the widening rift between the governing allies.
irked by the senas move, bjp poached from the congress and admitted its former minister rajendra gavit, who had contested the 2014 elections against the late wanga, to its fold.
the bjp is likely to announce gavit as its candidate on wednesday.
the congress has fielded former mp damodar shingda, while the vasai legislator hitendra thakur-led bahujan vikas aghadi (bva) is yet to announce its candidate for the polls.
bva holds three of six assembly segments in palghar.
on tuesday, wanga filed his nomination in palghar amid a massive show of strength.
he was flanked by his family and senior sena leader and maharashtra minister eknath shinde.
the minister said the bjp should have respected the late mps work in the region and given the ticket to a family member.
in the past, whenever a senior leaders seat is vacated by his or her death, the ticket is given to the leaders kin, and all parties support the decision, shinde said.
uddhavji (thackeray, the sena president) has always supported others without looking at the party.
similiarly, shrinivas has today started his journey to take his fathers good work forward.
on the backfoot after the senas decision, the bjp poached former congress legislator and minister of state from the area, gavit, to save its seat and put up a formidable fight.
hours after the sena filed wangas nomination, chief minister devendrafadnavis and state bjp president raosaheb danve held a press conference inducting gavit into their party, and announced his candidature for the seat.
the shiv sena should not have behaved liked this, said a visibly miffed fadnavis at the press conference in the bjp office in nariman point.
whatever has happened is unfortunate.
i had clearly spelt out that we had planned to give wanga the nomination.
this is a bjp seat.
come what may, the bjp will win this seat.
that can be the only real tribute to our late mp chintaman wanga.
both danve and fadnavis also pointed out the bjp had supported its ally in the last two assembly by-polls where the seats belonged to the sena.
we expected the sena to support us in these bypolls, said danve.
he added that he was happy gavit was joining the bjp, as he has worked for the constituency and was responsible for the carving of a separate palghar district.
gavit, meanwhile, told mediapersons he had joined the bjp because of its development agenda.
the congress, faced with a last-minute rebellion, gave the candidature to their former mp from the area, damodar shingada.
maharashtra congress chief ashok chavan on tuesday said the party had considered gavit as one of its probable candidates.
chavan asked why the bjp could not get its own candidate and needed to import one from other parties.
another senior congress leader said they were hopeful of winning the seat, as gavit was considered an outsider in the area.
gavit is from the bhilla community, while a majority of the tribal voters in the constituency are from the varli and katkari communities.
he also is seen as an outsider as he lives in mira road, said a congress leader.
the bjp, meanwhile, is vying for bvas support by convincing thakur not to field his candidate.
vasai and virar are bvas citadel, while the bjp and sena dominate other parts of the constituency.
traditionally, the bva has always supported governing parties, and is unlikely to fight the bjp when it is in need of support.
thakur scheduled a party meeting to announce his candidate on tuesday, but postponed it to may 10.
the party is considering rajesh patil as its candidate, but it all depends on the bjps stand, said a leader close to bva.
on the last date of filing nominations for the upcoming brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) polls, bharatiya janata party (bjp) released its list of 195 candidates for the 227-member house.
it has left 32 seats for its allies including the republican party of india (athavale) faction and rashtriya samaj paksha.
the party has fielded maximum marathi faces with 93 candidates followed by 29 gujarathi candidates and 25 north indians.
both north indians and gujaratis make up for less than one-third of the total candidates in fray.
the party has fielded 117 women candidates, clearly giving them precedence over and above the mandatory 50  reservation.
the list of the candidates was released in the early hours of friday after chief minister devendrafadnavis gave his final approval to it.
despite slamming the opposition over dynasty politics, bjps list includes sons, wives and kin of many of its established leaders.
the next generation candidates who got tickets include member of parliament (mp) kirit somaiyas son neel, legislator raj purohits son akash, minister vidya thakurs son dipak thakur, city unit chief ashish shelars brother vinod shelar among others.
at least 20 of the candidates fielded by the party include outsiders, who were recently poached by the party specifically for the bmc polls.
these include former corporators like makrand narvekar (independent), congress corporators sagar singh, kesharben patel, sena corporators leena shukla, bablu panchal, nana ambole, mns legislator mangesh sangale among others.
both ambole and panchal, who were inducted last minute on thursday, as well as their wives, got tickets from the bjp.
this is the first time that bjp is fielding these many candidates.
for the last 15 years the party has fielded not more than 65 contestants.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday took potshots at congress president rahul gandhi, saying his speeches have high humour quotient and he need not be taken seriously.
addressing a poll rally at sankhalim in support of bjp lok sabha candidate shripad naik, he said gandhis speeches are known for his curses against prime minister narendra modi and also for their humour quotient.
rahul gandhis speeches are known for two things.
one is that he utters curses against prime minister modi and second is that he is known for his jokes, fadnavis said.
like the way television channels run their serials with disclaimers that they are not responsible for the content, rahul gandhis speeches should also be run with the disclaimer that whatever he says is not a reality, the bjp chief minister said.
taking a jibe at the congresss `nyay scheme, that promises to provide rs 72,000 per year to the five crore poorest families, fadnavis said gandhi is not sure from where money for the programme will come.
during a press conference when rahul gandhi was asked from where will he source the fund for the scheme, he was confused and started looking at former finance minister chidambaram, he said.
chidambaram reacted by saying that money is flowing in central government coffers and this can be distributed to the poor, fadnavis said.
money started accumulating in government coffers after modi launched a drive against black money, he said.
why should the congress distribute it?
the modi government will give it to the poor when a new government is formed, he said.
a dubai-based group, mbm, will support the long-delayed dharavi slum redevelopment plan, the maharashtra government said on sunday.
the government has not spelt out the nature of the support and is still working on the modalities.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , while in dubai for the weekend, held discussions regarding the project with sheikh mohammed bin juma al maktoum, the chairman of the mbm group.
a statement from the cms office stated that al maktoum expressed his willingness to collaborate with the various urban infrastructure projects.
the mbm group is a dubai-based royal family office and investment-holding company that deals in strategic advisory activities as well as social and community development.
earlier, the government had planned to divide the sprawling slum into five different sectors to make the redevelopment feasible for the developers.
the government has now decided to combine all the five sectors into one and have a special purpose vehicle (spv).
according to the cm, there is another company, dp world, that intends to work with the state government on multi-modal logistics parks in maharashtra, particularly in nagpur, for better port connectivity.
fadnavis also met thumbay moideen, the founder-president of the thumbay group, which runs a network of healthcare facilities and a medical university in the gulf.
the cm said moideen has expressed interest in working as a healthcare partner for projects planned in maharashtra.
veteran bollywood actor, politician and former union minister vinod khanna passed away in mumbai on thursday morning following prolonged illness.
he was 70.
his funeral took place at a crematorium in worli, mumbai, in the evening which was attended by a number of his contemporaries, including amitabh bachchan, rishi kapoor, ranjit and many others.
bollywood actor amitabh bachchan (centre) with sakshi khanna in white, at the funeral of bollywood actor-turned-politician vinod khanna in mumbai on thursday.
(ap)kavita , vinod khannas wife, is consoled by filmmaker and poet gulzar.
(ap)khanna was hospitalised over a month ago for cancer but the family then remained tight-lipped about his condition.
in a brief statement, the hospital said khanna breathed his last at 11.
20 am due to advanced bladder carcinoma.
khanna is survived by his wife kavita, son sakshi and daughter shraddha, his former wife geetanjali and their sons akshaye and rahul.
mumbai: amitabh bachchan and abhishek bachchan at #vinodkhanna 's funeral pic.
twitter.com/4uzgrwiz68  ani (@ani_news) april 27, 2017actor rahul khanna during the cremation of his father vinod khanna in mumbai on thursday.
(pti)news of his death triggered an outpouring of grief from bollywood actors and millions of fans on social media.
actor rishi kapoor, who was khannas co-star in the 1977s amar akbar anthony, tweeted a poster of the film.
we will miss you amar.
rip, kapoor said, referring to khannas screen name in the film.
amitabh bachchan at the funeral of vinod khanna in mumbai on thursday.
(ap)amitabh bachchan reportedly rushed to vinod khannas familys side after hearing the news of his death.
according to reports, he was giving an interview for his upcoming film sarkar 3.
ace director karan johar took to twitter to pay tribute to the legendary actor.
he wrote:his screen presence is unparalleled even today.
.
.
his super star swag is what we grew up on.
.
.
.
rip #vinodkhanna .
.
.
thoughts and prayers.
.
.
.
karan johar (@karanjohar) april 27, 2017as a mark of respect to our beloved vinod khanna the entire team of baahubali has decided to cancel the premiere tonight.
.
.
karan johar (@karanjohar) april 27, 2017in his condolence message, filmmaker subhash ghai called khanna a real handsome man both on and off screen.
he celebrated his life with love and dignity and compassion for others and in service to his nation as mp, ghai said.
mumbai: subhash ghai,dia mirza,randhir kapoor and praful patel at #vinodkhanna 's funeral pic.
twitter.com/5z8wzysk41  ani (@ani_news) april 27, 2017mumbai: actors rishi kapoor and ranjit at #vinodkhanna 's funeral pic.
twitter.com/e6bqw2kqsa  ani (@ani_news) april 27, 2017prime minister narendra modi and president pranab mukherjee condoled the demise of khanna.
will always remember vinod khanna as a popular actor, dedicated leader and a wonderful human.
pained by his demise.
my condolences, modi tweeted.
friends and relatives carry vinod khannas body during his funeral in mumbai on thursday.
(ap)president mukherjee also tweeted: heartfelt condolences on the passing away of vinod khanna, a highly talented and acclaimed actor and mp.
a number of political leaders expressed their condolence on khannas death.
congress president sonia gandhi said she remembered as a gifted actor.
vinodji had a rare and profound influence over the masses with his simple and charismatic character, she said, adding he dominated the silver screen with his outstanding persona.
gandhi expressed solidarity with khannas family and prayed for the departed soul.
jackie shroff leaves after attending the funeral.
(ap)saddened to know about the demise of one of the greatest legends of indian cinema, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
we have lost an eminent personality who played a variety of roles in his film career and later in his social-political life.
his contribution, both in films and as a minister, will always be remembered, fadnavis added.
information and broadcasting minister m. venkaiah naidu on thursday condoled the death of veteran bollywood actor-turned-politician vinod khanna.
in his message, naidu recalled vinod khannas contributions to cinema and the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
i am deeply saddened by the passing away of a great film personality and member of parliament vinod khanna.
i am shocked at his untimely death.
may his soul rest in peace, naidu said.
his contribution to indian cinema is tremendous and it will be very difficult to fill the void caused by his untimely death, he added.
lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan on thursday said he would be remembered as a perfect gentleman with a perennial smile on his face.
i am deeply saddened to learn about vinod khannas sad and untimely demise.
besides being a senior and dedicated politician, he was also a versatile actor who mesmerised his admirers across the world as a suave and sensitive actor, mahajan said in her condolence message.
noting khanna was a sitting member of the lower house, she noted that he had also served the nation as a minister in the union council of ministers and in his fourth stint as mp.
in his demise, we have lost a capable leader and talented actor, who will be remembered by each one of us as a perfect gentleman with a perennial smile on his face.
i convey my condolences to the bereaved members of his family and the large number of his fans, she said.
about 40 people are believed to be trapped under the debris.
fadnavis told reporters that the around 15 families are feared trapped.
it was a 100-year-old building.
.
.
it was not in the list of dangerous buildings, the chief minister said, citing initial information.
a senior civic official later told hindustan times that the brihanmumbai municipal corporation had alerted maharashtra housing and area development authority, or mhada, about the building.
mhada then issued a notice in 2017.
.
.
.
a structural audit was carried out in 2017 and the building was declared as c1 (extremely dangerous), ashwini joshi, additional municipal commissioner, said.
watch | 2 killed in mumbai building collapse; maharashtra cm says rescue focusfadnavis said the government will probe if there was any lapse on part of the developer who had been assigned the redevelopment project by residents.
but for now, the chief minister said the entire focus in on rescuing the people trapped.
rescue workers from the fire services, police and the national disaster response force are looking for survivors and pulling them out.
but they have had to work with their hands tied due to the limited access to the debris.
also read | 2 dead, 40 feared trapped after four-storey building collapses in mumbais dongrifollow updates herebrihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) in a letter dated 7 august 2017 on kesarbhai building that collapsed in dongri, today: building is classified as 'c1', to be evacuated for demolition at the earliest.
.
.
in event of any mishap this office won't be responsible.
#maharashtra pic.
twitter.com/h2xeav4lxf  ani (@ani) july 16, 2019access is a very big challenge for us at this time.
the lanes are narrow, so we cannot take any machinery inside, a senior fire service official told hindustan times.
we are manually doing all work, clearing debris, cutting iron girders.
since these are old buildings that were renovated at some point, they have been supported with iron rods around the structure of the building.
this is proving rescue challenging, and is very problematic for those stuck in the debris, the official added.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday indicated that the 3-lakh-crore mega refinery and petrochemical project will be moved to raigad, after the land acquisition in ratnagiri-sindhudurgs nanar was scrapped early this year.
in a written reply to a question raised by legislators from the opposition benches about the shifting of the project, the cm said that the city and industrial development corporation (cidco) has issued a notification to establish the integrated industrial township, which is likely to house the project.
the township is being set up on 13,409 hectares in 40 villages in alibaug, murud, roha and shrivardhan tehsils of raigad district.
cidco has been appointed as the township development authority.
there was no resistance or demands from villagers for the township, the reply stated.
when asked if the decision has been taken to shift the project, the cm, in a text message, said, the final decision is yet to be taken.
a major part of the land for the proposed township is in possession of cidco.
the refinery project alone would require around 6,000 hectares of the proposed township.
the oil refinery, proposed to be built with 50  investment from saudi aramco, the state-owned company of the kingdom of saudi arabia, was being touted as the worlds largest refinery, with a capacity of 60-million tonnes an annum, by the state and central governments.
it was to help in generating direct and indirect employment for around 1.
50 lakh people.
after the jaitapur nuclear power plant, this is the second major project to face obstacles in konkan region.
both the projects were opposed by locals, who did not want to sell their land over fears of crop and environmental damage.
the shiv sena had supported locals in their protests against the refinery project.
the sena put scrapping the project as pre-condition for an alliance for the lok sabha elections in february this year.
an official from the industries department said, chief minister devendrafadnavis has reportedly taken local politicians from raigad from all parties into confidence to avoid nanar-like opposition.
however, the first preference for the project is still nanar, given its geographical position and depth of the sea at the location.
indiaupdated: sep 05, 2019 14:24 istnationalist congress party (ncp) chief sharad pawars grandnephew rohit pawar garnered praise from rivals shiv sena, through their mouthpiece saamana, when the young politician defended sharad pawar against home minister amit shahs remarks that the ncp had done nothing to address maharashtras agrarian distress.
in an editorial released by saamana, sena dubbed it as the rise of the new pawar in baramati.
home minister amit shah while addressing the public during the second leg of the mahajanadesh yatra, launched on august 1 by chief minister devendrafadnavis , attacked ncp chief sharad pawar questioning his contribution in providing financial aid to farmers in maharashtra when the latter was a minister in the erstwhile upa government at the centre.
rohit, without naming any bjp leader, shot back, when needed, they took his (sharad pawars) advice and even came to baramati to praise him.
but ahead of the elections, they ask about his achievements.
the opposition party (bjp) plays its politics like a two-sided drum.
but enough is enough now.
the shiv sena lauded rohits remarks and said that an arrow has been fired from the pawar camp after a long time.
the editorial also said, according to chief minister fadnavis, the ncp will cease to exist soon and only sharad pawar, ajit pawar and supriya sule will remain, but a fourth pawar has responded to the bjps charges.
the questions asked by pawars grandnephew rohit pawar cannot be ignored.
.
.
in the last few days, rohit pawar is moving ahead at a slow pace, he is always with sharad pawar.
baramati is witnessing the rise of a new pawar.
the sena added that pawars grip on politics is weakening but his contribution in maharashtra cannot be ignored.
pawar has contributed to the progress of maharashtra, which cannot be denied.
this contribution was acknowledged by narendra modi in baramati, it said.
lauding rohits attack, the sena added, for the first time an arrow was shot by a pawar in the autumn.
no one was injured by the arrow, but shooting it is important.
prime minister narendra modi has praised pawar on public platforms and has also said that the latter had guided him during his early days in politics.
he even praised pawar as a repository of experience and said it was his responsibility to reach out to the ncp chief from time to time for advice on certain issues.
mumbais development plan 2034 and the development control and promotion regulations (dcpr) released by the state government earlier this month has become a major talking point in the city.
the dp and the dcpr under it have cleared the decks for a more vertical mumbai.
it will bring a new floor space index (fsi--which decides how tall a structure can be built on a given plot) regime for the city by allowing the fsi in range of 2.
5 to 5.
the dcpr has allowed fsi upto 5 for commercial buildings in the city.
the new provisions have also opened up 2230 hactares of no development zone (ndz) in the name of affordable housing.
in a nutshell, the provisions under the dp and dcpr would encourage more residential as well as commercial construction with the scope to build more and more vertical structures.
the city is likely to see more commercial skyscrapers coming up not just in the island city but in the suburbs.
urban planners and citizen groups are now pointing out how this will lead to reckless vertical development in an already congested city with inadequate infrastructure.
significantly, these provisions do not seem to be in sync with the focus of the government since 1980s and 1990s: to decongest mumbai by encouraging more development in the mumbai metropolitan region (mmr).
for past two-three decades, the mandarins in mantralaya have been pointing out how a better solution to ease the pressure off mumbai is to encourage residential and commercial development in the mmr and connect those areas with faster means of travel.
the first such experiment was to develop navi mumbai that had residential as well as commercial nodes.
following it more such centers were expected in the mmr but it did not happen.
besides mumbai, the mmr includes cities such as thane, navi mumbai, kalyan, dombivli, panvel, mira-bhayander, vasai, virar and parts of thane, raigad and palghar districts.
as housing became out of bounds for majority of the population in mumbai, many moved to other cities in the mmr.
even now, a large chunk of people working in mumbai come from these cities in its neighbourhood.
in past decade, some suburban railway projects were undertaken to make their journey between work place and home faster.
it has yielded limited success.
some more projects including a few metro lines are in the pipeline.
if the commute become faster and a bit comfortable, more people would prefer to stay in neighbouring cities instead of renting matchbox size houses in mumbai at exorbitantly high rates.
in past few years, policies planned by the state government also focused on creating new growth centres in the mmr so that new commercial establishments would go to the mmr instead of mumbai.
while doing this, the planners had the examples of noida and gurgaon in the national capital region in mind.
as such, state governments mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) planned virar-alibaug multi-modal corridor aimed at providing faster connectivity for passengers and goods transport and thus develop various areas in thane, raigad and palghar districts.
assuming that the navi mumbai international airport would lead to commercial development of navi mumbai and raigad, the plan to build mumbai trans harbour link (linking mumbai with the mainland through a sealink) was speeded up.
besides raigad, areas such as bhiwandi-kalyan belt in thane and virar-palghar belt in palghar were seen as potential growth areas.
accordingly, infrastructure projects were planned.
the question being asked now is: will the provisions in dp-dcpr slow down the growth of the mmr as mumbai becomes lucrative for the developers?
or will it prove to be complementary to the development of the mmr?
chief minister devendrafadnavis faced another chopper scare on thursday at mira road as the pilot reportedly spotted a video cable lying on the helipad temporarily constructed for the landing of the chopper.
this is the fifth incident involving fadnavis chopper in the past nine months.
the chopper carrying fadnavis along with union transport minister nitin gadkari, revenue minister chandrakant patil and mumbai bharatiya janata party (bjp) chief ashish shelar landed at another spot.
they returned to mumbai by cars.
the chief ministers office has denied that there was any scare during the landing.
neither have we received any report from the pilot or the public works department, nor are we supposed to submit any report as nothing happened, said mahendra kalyankar, thane district collector.
the leaders were in mira road-bhayander to lay the foundation stone for the construction of a four-lane bridge over the versova creek.
we have informed the director general of civil aviation, delhi, about it, said sanjay karve, director of civil aviation wing of the state government.
according to officials present at the site, the pilot noticed a long video cable lying on the ground as he was preparing to land and turned the chopper to another spot.
the cable could have gotten entangled with the chopper blades leading to a mishap.
the state has reportedly directed the district collector to take strict action against the officials responsible for constructing the temporary helipad at the seven eleven academy owned by narendra mehta, bjp mla from bhayander.
nothing of that sort happened.
all these reports are baseless, mehta said.
against the backdrop of these recurring incidents, the state will release a strict policy applicable for temporarily constructed helipads.
the decision was announced after the state cabinet meeting on tuesday.
the cm also announced compensation of rs10 lakh to the family of rahul phatangale, the 28-year-old resident of sanaswadi, pune, who died on monday after suffering head injuries when a mob pelted stones.
the altercation took place between two unidentified groups near a memorial of the 1818 war between the british and peshwa forces in bhima koregaon.
govt should have taken adequate precautions: pawar earlier in the day, nationalist congress party chief sharad pawar blamed right-wing forces for the violence at bhima koregaon, and alleged that outsiders had provoked locals in vadhu village, where trouble began.
people from the village told me that some outsiders who belonged to right-wing organisations incited violence, pawar said.
thousands of people gather at the spot every year, but there is no history of violence at this commemoration.
anticipating a large gathering on the occasion of the bicentenary, government authorities should have taken due precautions.
fadnavis said: the government will investigate if there were deliberate attempts by some forces to trigger violence.
the cid will probe the killing of the youth, treating it as murder.
besides the financial aid of rs10 lakh to the family of the youth, compensation will be given for damages to vehicles of people who had gone to commemorate the bicentenary celebration.
the government has taken serious note of the incident, the cm said.
around three lakh people had gathered at bhima koregaon, located around 40km from pune city, far higher than the number of visitors seen every year.
we had deployed six police companies to control the situation.
some vehicles were torched and stone were pelted, but we succeeded in preventing the violence from turning into a riot-like situation, fadnavis said, praising the police force for successfully handling the situation and averting riots.
the cm also warned that strict action would be taken against those who spread rumours.
he has appealed to political outfits and leaders to restrain themselves from issuing statements and disrupting social harmony.
after two weeks of bickering over seats, the fate of the shiv sena and the bharatiya janata party (bjp) alliance for the upcoming mumbai polls may get decided in the next 24 hours.
sena chief uddhav thackerays address at a party rally at the national exhibition and convention centre grounds in goregaon on thursday, is likely to decide whether the saffron allies will contest solo or together.
the nominations of the candidates, contesting the mumbai civic polls, will begin a day later on january 27.
while the stalemate over the alliance talks continued on wednesday, sources across both the parties said that the doors on the alliance had not yet been completely closed.
majority of the leaders, whom ht spoke to said that the final call still rested with chief minister devendrafadnavis and thackeray.
there was no confirmation whether both the leaders discussed the alliance till late on wednesday.
the activities in both the party camps, however, revealed that parties were preparing ground to go solo.
``if thackeray takes a cautious line on the alliance, the signal is that the alliance can still happen.
there is a likelihood of cm speaking to thackeray on thursday.
if thackeray decides to call it off, we are all set to contest all 227 seats and we also dont have to take on the ill will of having broken the alliance, said a senior bjp leader.
he said that the main hurdle in the seat sharing talks was about how many confirmed seats bjp should get, without any discussion with the partner.
``we wanted them to give us a free hand with 80 seats, the rest could have been up for discussion.
but, the sena was willing to give us only 60 seats without holding any discussion.
the alliance can be closed at 105 seats but now all rests with how sena chief wants to play this, he added.
shiv sena leader anil parab said, ``neither have we received any revised proposal from the bjp, nor have we sent one.
now, uddhav saheb will say whatever has to be said at tomorrows function.
during the day while shiv sena leaders spent most of the day in finalizing arrangements for thursdays party gathering in goregaon, bjp leaders finalized their partys manifesto.
all of senas 50,000 gat pramukhs and foot soldiers are expected to attend the event.
soon after, on friday bjp will hold its own rally led by fadnavis at the same venue.
bjp, playing catch up after sena released its social media campaign a day earlier, also issued posters on occasion of national voters day that headlined fadnavis and prime minister narendra modi with party president amit shah, state president raosaheb danve and city unit chief asish shelar also featuring in the background.
the bjp posters took credit for installing cctvs in mumbai, planning metro network, free wi fi spots etc.
for now, its wait and watch for both the camps.
the reason both thackeray and fadnavis had been hopeful for an alliance was to avoid bitterness given that both the parties would have to remain allies in the state government post civic polls.
they are also aware that a post poll alliance is imminent even if the parties contest mumbai civic elections separately.
however, the trust deficit between the allies and the sentiment of the party units to go solo has weighed down the possibility of a tie up, said sources.
with time running short, finalizing the tricky seats where both the parties have an interest especially in the western suburbs, is also being seen as an impossible task ahead of any tie up.
if there is a split in the alliance, candidates finalized by parties will start filing nominations from friday.
if there is a tie up, there will continue to be delay in finalizing candidates till the last minute to avoid rebellion.
so far, on the basis of its exponential rise during the lok sabha and maharashtra assembly elections, the bjp has demanded 114 of the 227 seats in mumbai, up from the 63 it contested in 2012.
the sena however, had offered just 60, in an attempt to cut the bjp to size after being reduced to a junior partner in the alliance at the state level.
envisioning education through a holistic outlook of knowledge building to establish peace and harmony in the world, the dr vishwanath karad mit world peace university, said to be the first of its kind in india, was inaugurated by chief minister of maharashtra devendrafadnavis , on august 12.
following the celebrations, a two-day global summit science and spirituality for world peace was organised on the next day discussing issues of national and international importance and how a different outlook towards education could solve many of them.
in the formation of this dream of dr karad, it has been realised that education has to be accompanied by values, and i agree because education without values is just information.
but, when education comes with values, it is transformed into knowledge, and this is what separates human beings from machines, cm fadnavis had shared.
he further stated that there exists a great need for such universities emphasising on world peace, especially in the private sector.
on education as the solution, g madhavan nair, former isro chief said the responsibility lies with the academic community to solve the problems of the country.
education is the only solution for all the terrorist activities and the ill happenings around us.
the two day global summit is being held at swami vivekananda mandap at mit world peace university, kothrud campus.
mit world peace university is an entirely new concept, a model for a moulding global citizens.
there is no difference between science and spirituality.
science is looking at the ultimate truth about the nature and universe and spirituality is a look at the ultimate truth of the inner being, the human being.
one cannot distinguish himself from god, he added.
dr michael nobel, founder of nobel sustainability trust shared, every sane person wants peace in this world.
conferences and meetings are not enough.
grassroot community building is necessary.
should we stop research on cancer just because 50  of cancer patients are going to die anyway.
the gap between haves and have-nots is increasing day by day.
the attitude of a child is fermented in the initial years of his life.
not everyone can be a nobel prize laureate but what is important is that you tried.
at the inauguration event, among many dignitaries, dr michael nobel, dr ragunath mashelkar, padma vibhushan and world renowned scientist, dr vijay bhatkar, padma and chancellor, nalanda university, gagan narang, indian shooter and olympic medal winner, dr madhav gadgil, eminent environmentalist and dr jabbar patel, film producer and director, were present.
99-year-old spiritual head of sadhu vaswani mission dada j p vaswani was also present at the event to extend his well wishes and guidance.
further, three student speakers, sarah abbott, westminster student, ms. shradhha hakani mip student, hawa yarow, salt lake community college, had also addressed the gathering, at the event.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday ordered an in-depth inquiry into the pune wall collapse that killed at least 15 labourers including 4 children and a woman, authorities hinted several irregularities and inferior construction was likely behind the incident.
kondhwa police filed fir against 15 persons including the developers, contractor and site engineer of the under construction site housing labourers and the housing project whose retaining wall collapsed.
retaining wall of alcon stylus housing society in kondhwa area of pune city collapsed post-midnight saturday on labourers shanties set up at an adjacent under construction site.
15 bodies were pulled out early morning while two injured were being treated at citys sassoon hospital.
developers of alcon stylus housing society, jagdish agrawal, rajesh agrawal, sachin agrawal, vivek agrawal, vipul agrawal, were booked along with the site engineer, contractor and supervisor for culpable homicide not amounting to murder (304) and common intention (34) of the indian penal code.
the adjoining construction sites developers, pankaj vora, sures shah, rashmikant gandhi, were also named in the fir along with the site engineer, contractor and supervisor.
while heavy rains on friday night were the immediate trigger, residents of alcon stylus pointed out that the retaining wall had tilted to one side raising questions over construction quality.
residents say they had underlined the risk in a written complaint to the builder in february.
following orders from chief minister, pune district collector naval kishore ram constituted a five member committee to probe the incident.
action will be taken against the guilty once the committee submits its report within 7 days.
prima facie, it seems that the builder is at fault.
we will conduct a detailed inquiry and the guilty will be punished, said ram.
pune police commissioner, district collector, college of engineering pune (coep), city engineer of the pune municipal corporation (pmc) are members of the probe-committee .
prashant waghmare, city engineer of the pmc said, the builder illegally let the workers build their homes in this manner near the wall and hence the builder seems to be at fault.
however, the final determination will be done only after the inquiry.
waghmare also suspected housing societys 15-feet high retaining wall was built in violation of norms.
he said, coep has been ordered to carry out the structural audit.
we suspect that there were problems in the wall which lead to this accident.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday promised full support and security to resident doctors who have been striking following a string of attacks by relatives of patients.
fadnavis gave the assurance in a meeting with representatives of the maharashtra association of resident doctors (mard).
government officials said the association was satisfied with fadnavis promise and will call off the four-day strike by thursday evening.
the mard is yet to make any announcement.
the strike by resident doctors entered the fourth day on thursday.
they even ignored state medical education minister girish mahajans warning to resume work by wednesday evening or face six month salary cut after which fadnavis decided to intervene in the matter on thursday.
in an hour-long meeting, the cm said the government was ready to recruit additional 1,100 security guards within a fortnight.
these guards will be deployed at all government-run hospitals, said mahajan.
the cm also promised to form a legal cell that will provide free legal aid in cases of assaults against doctors, said a senior official, who attended the meeting.
the state government is now hopeful that the doctors will resume their duties today evening and things will be back to normal as patients have badly suffered with the strike, mahajan added.
