maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis speaking during a rally ahead of municipal elections in mumbai on saturday.
pti photo maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis speaking during a rally ahead of municipal elections in mumbai on saturday.
pti photothe bjp will contest 195 seats in the 227-member brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), the elections for which are scheduled on february 21.
unlike the last bmc polls in 2012, bjp is contesting this election sans any tie-up with old ally shiv sena.
on january 26, uddhav had announced that his party would contest the upcoming civic polls in the state all alone, putting to rest speculations about forging of ties with its ally bjp.
watch what else is making newsmumbai bjp president ashish shelar declared the list of candidates late last night.
the party has left 32 seats for its allies.
today is the last day of filing nominations for polls to indias richest civic body.
a statement issued by shelar early today said the bjp has fielded 117 marathi candidates.
some nominations in the list have raised eyebrows as they are kin of bjp leaders.
bjp mp kirit somaiyas son neil has been nominated from ward no 108 in mulund west.
deepak thakur, son of maharashtras minister of state for women and child development vidya thakur, will contest from ward no 50 in goregaon.
besides, city bjp chief ashish shelars brother vinod will contest from ward 51.
vinod is a sitting corporator from malad, but his ward is now reserved for women.
in colaba, legislator raj purohits son aakash will be the party candidate from ward no 222.
aakash is politically active in the area and was a bjp nominee on best committee.
bjp legislator ameet satams brother-in-law rohan rathod will contest from ward no 68 in andheri west.
in the neighbouring versova, the bjp has nominated yogiraj dhabhalkar in ward no 60.
he is legislator bharti lavekars nephew.
a tree is cut down at churchgate on monday to make way for the metro 3.
santosh parab a tree is cut down at churchgate on monday to make way for the metro 3.
santosh parabthe shiv sena-led mumbai civic body might stand to lose control over some prime land pockets in the commercial capital, with three government agencies vying for special status.
according to sources, the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda), which is building the dahisar to dn nagar and the andheri (east) to dahisar metro rail line, and the mumbai metro rail corporation limited (mmrcl), which is building the colaba to seepz metro line, have proposed to the government that these corridors be notified as special planning zones.
the maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada) wants a similar tag for the 207 bombay development directorate (bdd) chawls spread across 37 hectares in central mumbai.
the three agencies have proposed that they should be nominated as special planning authority (spa) respectively for these pockets.
in simple terms, it means that they want the land parcels involved in these projects to be carved out from the civic bodys development plan.
these agencies have sought unhindered power to draw up land use plans and sanction building and development plans on their own in these pockets.
the need to approach the civic body for building permissions will then not arise.
about 9 per cent of mumbais land mass  41.
69 square kilometer out of 476.
24 square kilometers  is already notified as a special planning zone, with the mmrda and the cidco being the spa for most.
the shiv sena-led civic body, which has formulated a revised development plan for the city, has been demanding the denotification of these spa areas.
their contention is that the entire city should be governed by a single agency, and attract the same development control regulations.
sources said that while chief minister devendrafadnavis has declined mhadas proposal for spa status for the redevelopment of bdd chawls, the urban development department, which he heads, favours providing operational freedom for metro construction.
the cm has already designated these agencies as spa for car sheds and depots required for the metro work, but his government is wary of extending the spa status for constructions of office and commercial buildings and station areas inside metro rail campuses.
keen to avoid another altercation with the shiv sena, sources said that fadnavis might just opt for the railway land model, where construction for operational purposes along these metro lines are kept out of the ambit of the municipalitys development control regulation.
another government official said that any decision in this regard may also have a bearing on future development proposals planned along the versova-andheri-ghatkopar corridor, which was developed under the public private partnership model.
a similar demand for spa status has been raised for the ongoing nagpur and pune metro rail projects too.
meanwhile, the mmrda and the mmrcl have continued to push for the spa status, claiming it was necessary for timely completion of the projects.
the lawyers in pune court did not conduct any proceedings on thursday in protest against the assurance given by fadnavis to the kolhapur bar association on wednesday.
(representational image) the lawyers in pune court did not conduct any proceedings on thursday in protest against the assurance given by fadnavis to the kolhapur bar association on wednesday.
(representational image)the pune bar association (pba) has demanded clarification from guardian minister girish bapat on chief minister devendrafadnavis recent announcement about the state planning to give funds to set up a high court bench in kolhapur.
the lawyers have warned they would start an agitation if they do not receive an explanation.
the lawyers in pune court did not conduct any proceedings on thursday in protest against the assurance given by fadnavis to the kolhapur bar association on wednesday.
the two bar associations have been demanding a bench of the bombay high court.
the bombay high court has jurisdiction over maharashtra, goa and union territories of daman and diu and dadra and nagar haveli.
on wednesday, members of the kolhapur bar association met fadnavis, who assured them that the state would allocate funds for the basic infrastructure to set up the kolhapur bench of the high court.
advocate rajendra daundkar, president of the pba, said, we are demanding an explanation from guardian minister girish bapat on how the chief minister has given assurance inclined towards setting up the bench in kolhapur, when pune has the ideal scenario to have a hc bench.
if he cannot provide us with an explanation, we will hold a morcha in protest.
daundkar added, the decision to set up the bench should not be based on distance but the number of pending cases, which pune has more of than kolhapur.
also, the solapur district bar association has said it would prefer the bench in pune because of better connectivity.
pune also has a much larger number of administrative and police establishments that have to attend the hc.
a day after workers of the bjp and the ncp engaged in sloganeering against each during the mahajanadesh yatra in baramati, chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said the ncp was bullying other parties by not allowing their rallies in sharad pawars hometown.
advertisingseven people of ncp were raising slogans at the mahajanadesh yatra in baramati.
there was no police action against them.
they ran away when the police approached them will it be okay if seven of our party workers carry out sloganeering in each rally by ncp chief sharad pawar?
this is not the way to behave, fadnavis said of the incident that led to tense situation for a while in baramati during his roadshow.
he added, does that (sloganeering by ncp workers) mean no leader of any other political party should hold rallies in baramati?
is article 370 enacted there?
is baramati separated from maharashtra?
stating that he would help ncp workers hold a rally in his home town, fadnavis added: this is democracy.
in democracy, every political party has the right to hold public rallies.
it seems as if the ground is slipping under their (ncp) feet and so they dont want the chief minister to come to their town and address public rallies.
advertisingthe baramati town had witnessed tense moments during the roadshow of fadnavis, when he had criticised the ncp.
the cm had said that the mass exodus in ncp was due to wrongdoing by its party leadership.
ncp supporters had protested the comments and raised slogans during the mahajanadesh yatra of chief minister, who is on a statewide road show before the assembly polls.
the yatra entered the pune city on sunday and headed towards satara.
security beefed up outside bjps election office on shirole road on thursday.
pavan khengre security beefed up outside bjps election office on shirole road on thursday.
pavan khengrethe bjp, which is aggressively campaigning to capture the pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation (pcmc) by displacing the reign of ajit pawar-led ncp, has landed itself in trouble with two of its heavyweight leaders, mlas laxman jagtap and mahesh landge apparently not seeing eye-to-eye over fielding of candidates in civic panels with each of them apparently trying to pitch their own supporter.
compounding the problem, a bjp leader on wednesday complained to the chief minister that the party was trying to field a candidate with a dubious record, adding further unrest.
watch: international powerboat race launch dramatically halted by jcb truckswell before the poll bugle was sounded by the state election commission, both laxman jagtap, who is the president of bjps pimpri-chinchwad unit and mahesh landge, who represents bhosari assembly constituency, had been asked by chief minister devendrafadnavis to do everything possible to ensure that the party comes to power in pcmc.
at a function in bhosari in december, the chief minister publicly said the party was relying heavily on the two leaders to ensure partys victory in civic polls.
on thursday, both the leaders rushed to mumbai to meet party leaders, including the chief minister, apparently to discuss internal wranglings in the party.
bjp sources said both the leaders were apparently told to quell the dissensions and get things in order quickly.
one of the major causes of unrest in bjp is the candidature of sarang kamtekar, who is among the six general secretaries of the party.
kamtekar is seeking ticket from panel no 8 in indrayani nagar area.
kamtekar is considered close to jagtap who has apparently asked the former to start campaigning.
however, another aspirant from the panel, yogesh sahane has also launched his campaign.
sahane belongs to mahesh landges camp.
with two bjp aspirants campaigning hard, there is confusion among voters over who the real candidate is.
kamtekar said he had been asked to campaign in the panel as former mla vilas landes son is likely to be fielded from the panel.
the party leaders have told me that it will be a big challenge and as general secretary of the party, i will have to prove my mettle, he said.
kamtekar said it was true that there were two aspirants currently campaigning in his panel.
the party will take the callthings should be clear by tomorrow, he said.
on wednesday, bjp pimpri-chinchwad youth chief ravi landge sparked unease in the party after he shot off a letter to the chief minister complaining that the party was trying to field candidates with dubious records from bhosari area.
he threatened to contest as an independent if the party did not field the right candidates.
yes, i have complained to the cm.
.
, he said.
besides, the bjp is also grappling with the problem of plenty after it imported several leaders, including sitting corporators especially from ncp.
the imported lot had been promised tickets for contesting the election.
however, the original bjp leaders, who are also the aspirants, have complained to the party leaders that their loyalty was not been honoured.
the party imported leaders from ncp whom we have been accusing of corruption.
and now, the same people are being fielded.
this is not only injustice to long-time party loyalists, but also shows the party in poor light, said a senior bjp leader.
meanwhile, jagtap and landge said the problem over candidatures would be sorted out.
jai came to umred karhandla wildlife sanctuary in 2013.
(express photo: amrut naik) jai came to umred karhandla wildlife sanctuary in 2013.
(express photo: amrut naik)the optimism expressed by chief minister devendrafadnavis and forest minister sudhir mungantiwar that missing tiger jai will be spotted soon may turn out to a reality with a team of independent volunteers from umred spotting concrete signs of presence of a large male tiger along with a female just about 20 km from umred-karhandla wildlife sanctuary on friday.
honorary wildlife warden of nagpur district rohit karu, who led the search near godhni village and surrounding area after getting inputs about a large number of unreported cattle kills, told the indian express, after a day-long search from 6 am to 6 pm, we found pugmarks of a large male along with that of a female in the area.
the male pugmarks are comparable to that of jai.
moreover, 12 cattle kills were confirmed to have happened by the local villagers in the past 15 days.
these are very positive indicators pointing to the possibility of jais movement in the area.
we are going to launch another intensive search by a 50-strong group comprising volunteers as well as forest staffers on saturday again.
for now, we have installed two trap cameras at the spot where the pugmarks were found.
incidentally, while over 200 private volunteers, who are fans and admirers of the iconic tiger, have searched more than 7000 sq km of forest over the last more than a week so far, the part scanned today was visited for the first time.
watch video: whats making newsit was after we got inputs about some unreported cattle kills.
the area is known for illegal cattle grazing, a reason why the kills are not reported.
jai, incidentally, was known for his frequent cattle killing.
in the area, four cattle were killed on a single day at one place while two each were killed on three consecutive days about 10 days ago.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said that the abrogation of article 370 in kashmir will soon become a reality, paving way for a nation governed by one constitution.
addressing bjp workers after launching a membership drive in mumbai, fadnavis said, kashmir has always and will remain an integral part of india.
bjp leaders are striving to bring uniform laws.
under the leadership of prime minister narendra modi and union home minister amit shah, our commitment to scrap article 370 will be realised.
advertisingrecalling dr shyama prasad mookerjee, who had defied the permit system to enter kashmir, fadnavis said, dr mookerjee displayed courage and nationalism when he lead the andolan (agitation) to visit kashmir without the permit which was then mandatory later he died under mysterious circumstances.
he was killed.
but his sacrifice lead to mass agitation which forced the then government to get rid of permit as a precondition to enter kashmir.
the cm said that mookerjee wanted one constitution for the entire nation.
it was his clarion call, ek desh mein do vidhan, do pradhan nahi chalenge (in a nation we cannot have two constitutions and two prime ministers), fadnavis said.
union minister of minority affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi and former union minister suresh prabhu also attended the event.
talking about the works of mookerjee, naqvi said the bjp had demolished deceit of appeasement politics through commitment to inclusive growth with trust.
the political termite of appeasement had damaged the atmosphere of development in the country.
the bjp has made the country free from this termite and created an atmosphere of inclusive growth with trust, he said.
b'the maharashtra govt had allotted a prime 2,000-sq-m plot to hema malini in the suburban oshiwara area for her proposed dance academy the maharashtra govt had allotted a prime 2,000-sq-m plot to hema malini in the suburban oshiwara area for her proposed dance academybollywood dreamgirl hema malinis plans to start a dance academy on a plot of land in mumbais andheri area hit a roadblock on thursday, as an rti activist accused her of land-grabbing.
exactly a month ago, the maharashtra government had allotted a prime 2,000-square-metre plot to the bharatiya janata party lok sabha member in the suburban upmarket oshiwara area for her proposed dance academy.
according to documents procured under the right to information (rti) by activist anil galgali, hema malini was allotted the plot worth crores of rupees for a paltry rs.70,000.
not only that, this is the second time hema malini has been allotted a prime plot in the mumbai suburbs.
earlier, in 1997, the (then) shiv sena-bjp government had given her a plot of land, but she could not develop it due to crz (coastal regulation zone) issues, galgali told ians.
he claimed that though hema malini has not yet returned the earlier plot, the current government has allotted her another plot.
interestingly, congress rajya sabha member rajeev shukla was allotted a plot in andheri west, but following a controversy generated by then opposition bjp-shiv sena, he was forced to surrender it in february 2014  just before the lok sabha elections.
the details of the allotment to hema malini from the mumbai suburban district collectorate showed that she was given the land at only rs.35 per square metre.
moreover, she was allotted another plot of 1,741 square metres in the same locality in april 1997 for rs.10 lakh, but since it fell partly under crz, she never developed it, nor did she raise 25 percent of the project cost, but continues to retain that plot, galgali said.
in the new allotment, the hema malini dance academys cultural complex project is expected to cost around rs.18.
49 crore for which she is yet to submit proof of availability of 25 percent funds and resources to raise the balance 75 percent.
the rti reply said the academy has only around rs.3.
5 crore  less than the 25 percent minimum requirement, and it was unclear about the balance 75 percent.
galgali has shot off a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis pointing out the governements benevolence to hema malini, and how it was flouting the states policy of taking back reserved land given to various organisations, but allotting a plot reserved for a garden to the bjp mp for her dance academy.
when revenue minister eknath khadse made the allotment on december 29, 2015, hema had said how the matter had been buried in bureaucratic red tape for 20 years, but the new government expedited it in record time.
the quantum of the short margin problem is estimated to be around rs 1,000 crore in the state.
the quantum of the short margin problem is estimated to be around rs 1,000 crore in the state.
sugar mills in maharashtra are facing a financial crisis, which has stopped many of them from undertaking the necessary overhauling and maintenance work before the start of the next season.
almost all the mills have run into the problem of short margin, which has made them ineligible for preseasonal loan necessary for undertaking such work.
this comes just months before the start of the next season, which has reported a bumper cane crop on an estimated over 11 lakh hectares.
short margin is a condition when sugar prices fail to cover the advances given to mills by banks.
in such a scenario, mills are required to pay the shortfall to banks before sugar sale starts.
defaulting mills risk their accounts being termed npa after 90 days following which they become ineligible for loans.
at present, the quantum of the short margin problem is estimated to be around rs 1,000 crore in the state.
jaiprakash dandegaonkar, vice-president of the maharashtra state cooperative sugar factories federation, said mills had failed to pay labour contractors necessary to book labour for next year.
normally such contracts are finalised by the end of may but this year we have not been able to do so, he said.
similarly overhauling of the mills have stalled due to lack of capital.
many mills, dandegaonkar added, had not paid their employees for several months.
mills in maharashtra have run up cane dues over rs 1,900 crore as of may 15.
last week, union minister nitin gadkari, along with chief minister devendrafadnavis and rural development, women and child welfare minister pankaja munde, met a delegation of mill owners.
the millers urged the government to intervene to create a buffer stock of 50 lakh tonne, fix a minimum selling price for sugar, introduce a release mechanism for a year to regulate the sale of sugar and convert short margin into working capital loan.
it has been done twice in the past and should be allowed again, he said.
while mills have finalised export contracts, dandegaonkar said because of the short margin problem they are not able to send out their shipments.
banks should be instructed to let the sugar for overseas markets leave without payment of margin money.
liquidity is a major problem for us now, he said.
over the past few days, sugar prices have seen a slight jump with ex-mill prices in maharashtra being rs 2,700 per tonne.
prices in up are around rs 3,000 per tonne.
mumbai : maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis addresses at an election campaign rally in thane on sunday.
pti photo mumbai : maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis addresses at an election campaign rally in thane on sunday.
pti photomaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said that bjp was sidelined when proposals were cleared in the standing committee of the bmc.
he also asserted that bjp was not involved in corrupt deals in bmc despite being a partner in power with shiv sena for the last 20-years.
watch what else is making newsin fact, many times we were sidelined and they (shiv sena) joined hands with mns and other smaller parties to get some proposals cleared in the standing committee meeting.
our corporators had a minor role.
as far as i remember, there were 3-4 such incidents wherein we were sidelined, fadnavis told reporters at his official residence.
standing committee is one of the most powerful committees in the civic body comprising corporators of all the parties.
this committee is authorised to clear tenders of development works to be done in the city.
the comments by fadnavis assume significance as his party is being repeatedly questioned for maintaining silence on corruption in the bmc all these years despite being in alliance.
bjp leaders kirit somaiya and ashish shelar have alleged corruption in some developmental projects undertaken by the bmc.
asked about the aggressive campaigning across mumbai, fadnavis said, from day one as a chief minister, i have been looking into the issues of mumbai and trying to solve them.
shiv sena has become complacent towards mumbais issues.
i want voters to give them (shiv sena) some time to rest by giving us majority in the bmc elections this time.
according to primary information, bmc has spent as much as rs 8,000 crore only on gutter cleaning.
why so much expenditure and so little result, fadnavis asked.
commenting on the identity politics and senas attempt to appeal for sons-of-soil, he said, bjp too has marathi leadership; hence such appeal will no longer affect our party.
if shiv sena is talking about marathi people, why areas like girgaon still face water problems.
on the other hand, we are not only bringing metro to girgaon but giving 500 sq ft of homes to affected people, though the current size of their house is less than that, he added.
on somaiyas allegations of sham companies being used for money laundering, the chief minister said, i have asked him to submit these names to appropriate authority so that they can continue their investigation.
bjp wanted to maintain a certain decency during campaigning; hence we avoided speaking on such issues, fadnavis said.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)in order to ensure that nearly 2.
2 lakh policemen across maharashtra have a roof over their heads after retirement, the state has increased the housing loan amount for policemen from rs 200 crore to rs 1,500 crore.
the maharashtra state police housing and welfare corporation (msphwc) will seek this loan from banks and disburse it among policemen who need loan to build houses.
there is a huge demand for housing loans from police officers before the office of the director general, with around 7,500 such applications currently pending.
the police are hoping the waiting list will be brought down by increasing the amount available for loan disbursement.
a senior ips officer said, the state government has decided to raise the amount of loan available for policemen from rs 200 crore to rs 1,500 crore.
a government resolution (gr) to this effect has been passed.
we are in talks with the banks and should be able to start disbursing this loan amount from next month onwards.
he added: with more people availing of these loans, the amount collected through the monthly installments will increase.
this money can then be put back in the system to approve some more loans.
after some time this cycle should be able to take care of most loan applications.
currently, government quarters are available to most policemen while they are in service.
they, however, have to vacate the houses on retirement.
several policemen, especially those in the lower rung, are known to struggle to purchase a house, an officer said.
of the 2.
2 lakh police officers across the state, nearly 1.
91 lakh are lower rung employees who find it difficult to obtain bank loans.
the officer explained that apart from the comparatively hassle-free procedure for getting loan approved from the msphwc, the rate of interest on these loans would be lower than the market rates.
normally, the way banks collect loans is they first cover up the interest amount with the installments that are paid.
this leads to there being no reduction in the principal amount for longer period, the officer said.
in our case, however, we start covering up the principal amount against the installments paid by the policeman.
this in turn brings down the interest rate and reduces the period in which the loan amount is paid off, the officer explained.
police housing has been a major issue in maharashtra with there being complaints that even government quarters assigned to policemen in service being in dilapidated condition.
several of these quarters are being refurbished with new quarters like the one in worli, being constructed in the past two years, an officer said.
the opposition may demand that the state government waive farm loans, but the latter is instead focused on agriculture reforms to bring more farmers, including small and marginal, in the loan credit bracket, signaling a clear shift from the populist step.
the state governments enhanced allocation of crop loans disbursed to farmers in 2016-17 was rs 51,235 crore, which benefited 52 lakh farmers across maharashtra.
the loans disbursed through national banks was rs 26,470 crore, private banks rs 4,126 crore, rural banks rs 3,044 crore, district central cooperative banks rs 17,548 crore and others rs 44 crore.
according to data, compared to 2014, crop loans disbursed in 2016 show an enhanced allocation of rs 7,942 crore, benefiting an additional 7.
66 lakh farmers.
what else is making news:between 2015 and 2016, rs 3,435 crore additional crop loan was disbursed, benefiting 90 lakh farmers.
by 2016-end, 2.
53 lakh new farmers had enrolled for crop loans, availing rs 2,017 crore loans.
according to data, in 2008 the centre, the upa government was in power then, had provided the state rs 6,910 crore to waive farm loans, benefiting 36 lakh farmers.
again in 2009, the state government waived loans up to rs 4,008 crore, benefiting 34 lakh farmers.
pointing to the quantum leap both in terms of higher crop loan allocations by the present state government and farmers who benefited from it, a senior official, on condition of anonymity, said, crop loans disbursed in 2016-17 amounted to rs 51,235 crore, which is seven-eight times more than the loan waiver sanctioned in 2008 by the centre.
and also if we compare the benefits, 52 lakh farmers availed the enhanced loans compared to just 36 lakh who benefited from the 2008 loan waiver.
we are in its favour but the step has to be taken at an appropriate time to maximise its benefits for small and marginal farmers facing hardships.
we have to exercise caution to ensure it is not misused thus depriving and defeating its very objective for which it is being debated.
under the governments farm sector reforms, restructuring of loans is being aggressively pursued and has brought results as zero interest rate in the first year coupled with low interest rate of 6 per cent extended repayment for next four years has provided relief to farmers.
crop loans of rs 5,124 crore of 6.
85 lakh farmers were restructured.
this facilitated 4.
39 lakh farmers to seek fresh loans of rs 3,276 crore.
the entire interest rate on the loans for the first year was borne by the state government.
the farmers were levied 6 per cent interest for the remaining four years.
former agriculture minister and opposition leader radhakrishna vikhe-patil said, while agriculture reforms are welcome, we still believe loan waiver is essential as it brings immediate relief to farmers.
during their archival research to restore the interiors of town hall, conservation architects were disappointed to learn that there was only a single photo taken of the central library when it was constructed in 1833.
just one picture of the interiors of this iconic structure, and that picture also wasnt from a useful angle.
it was the damaged furniture in this hall, the chairs in the next room library, the collapsing ceiling and the leftover details on these corinthian capital pillars(that helped design the original look of the central library), said a senior restorer.
one year of restoration work and rs 3 crore later, the restoration work is now complete, and a refurbished 184-year-old central library was inaugurated by chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday.
watch what else is making newsthe structure will now be open to the public and will also be the location of the annual tea party that the cm hosts at the town hall.
envisioned originally as the pride of colonial civic planning, the town hall has history tucked into each corner.
it was here that queen victorias proclamation liquidating the east india companys administration of india in 1858 was read.
the neo-classical town hall was designed by colonel thomas cowper of bombay engineers and completed by his colleague charles waddington in 1833 at a cost exceeding rs 6 lakh.
a grand staircase leads visitors to the renewed room, which is no longer lit by sunlight seeping through its ceiling.
the room now has nine chandeliers with 98 day light coloured bulbs illuminating it.
efforts have been made to keep the look authentic inside the central library  from the heritage approved fans mounted on the pillars, to the sight of the odourless fresh paint, from the brand new arched roof to the pigeon nets lined across the ceiling to stop birds from lounging anywhere.
we tried to do everything that we could to make it resemble like the original set-up, including the lamps.
the lamps had yellow light, hence we got similar lamps.
there were no chandeliers then but since there was low light coming from the central bay we installed chandeliers that resembled the same era.
we initially thought there could be candles but decided to use bulbs, said an architect.
the tables, desks, the wall-mounted fans, even the cupboards with lion carvings were all custom-made for the new town hall.
everything but the wooden burma teak floors (is new).
it made no sense to replace them.
since the floor is uneven, we are levelling the chairs with stoppers so that they dont wobble, said a restorer.
filled with massive depressions and wood crumpling, the arched ceiling, believed to be the most cumbersome section of the central library, was revised.
in neo-classical structures, there are false ceilings and no one had seen the extent of the damage done to them until we checked for the leakages in 2009.
everything had to be replaced.
there is still light that comes through but it is limited, an architect pointed out.
officials said traditional methods were applied by the restorers.
we used gud, guggad and methi, said a restorer, adding that lime plaster comprising horse hair, sand and some fibrous items was used as adhesive to restore the place.
restoration of such a historical structure has its own challenges.
the roof of the building was giving away and required urgent repairs.
the asiatic library is a historically important building in mumbai, especially in terms of the steps of the building and the central library.
everyone has fond memories of the place, said a senior official at the pwd.
the central library and the town hall are maintained by the government of maharashtra and the pwd.
work on the town hall was split into two parts.
while the first phase included work on the roof and other structural changes, the second phase, which commenced in january 2016, was to restore interiors of the central library.
conservation architect abha lambah and her team were appointed by the state for the job.
the citys most precious manuscripts and valuable books are housed in this building.
the annual stock-taking report of 2014 says many of the 10,519 books that were physically checked were found severely damaged due to dust and rainwater.
now, to ensure it is maintained well, we have drawn up a maintenance manual for the town hall, so that there are proper checks carried and there is proper accountability so its condition is not affected severely, said a senior state government official.
after inaugurating the newly renovated town hall, fadnavis said, i appeal to everyone to take some time out and visit the library, which has a rare collection.
mumbai : maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis addresses at an election campaign rally in thane on sunday.
pti photo mumbai : maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis addresses at an election campaign rally in thane on sunday.
pti photomaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said the outcome of the local body elections currently underway in the state will weigh on the future of his cabinet composition as some ministers will be promoted while others relieved according to bjps performance in their areas.
watch what else is making newsthere will be some reflection of the results on the state ministry.
if the performance is good, some would be given a promotion in the cabinet.
on the other hand, the ministers who fail to improve bjps performance in their respective districts, will be relieved from the ministry, said fadnavis during an interaction with reporters at his official bungalow varsha this afternoon.
fadnavis comments came in the backdrop of bjp in uttar pradesh giving a target to its members of parliament (mps) to ensure win of at least three mlas from their constituencies to get party ticket for the 2019 election.
elections to 25 zilla parishads are being held in the state in two phases.
the first phase was on february 16 and the next will be on february 21, coinciding with the voting for 10 municipal corporations.
the results will be out on february 23.
fadnavis said, the leaders, in whose areas, the party fares badly will be relieved of their ministerial obligations so that they can concentrate on their district more and can serve people better.
if they cannot become leader of a district, how can they be the leader of the state?
however, he expressed confidence that bjp will emerge victorious in all the municipal corporations.
i am sure that bjps performance will not only improve but we will win all the 10 municipal corporations for sure.
i have personally held 62 rallies, while bjps state unit chief raosaheb danve has held 50, pankaja munde organised some 40 rallies, while chandrakant patil and sudhir mungantiwar held 30 rallies each across the state, fadnavis said.
commenting on the kind of language being used by shiv sena and bjp against each other, fadnavis said, i maintained certain decency during the whole campaign.
i did not criticise uddhav thackeray personally during the whole election.
i continued to speak about development and what bjp can offer to people.
most of the speeches were not political but talked about progress, he added.
as a mark of protest, the bjp along with the opposition parties staged a walkout from the standing committee meeting wednesday.
the spat between the two ruling parties started when the shiv sena took a dig at fadnavis, asking if the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) was waiting for the chief ministers directions to fill up the potholes.
despite having a dry spell of two days, the civic administration did not fill up the potholes.
was the bmc waiting for the chief minister to give directions to fill up the potholes?
said trushna vishwasrao, sena corporator and leader of house.
responding to the sena, the bjp accused it of failing to resolve the issue of potholes.
sena is defending the civic administration and not holding it responsible for the pothole problem in the city.
what was the need to bring the chief minister into the discussion?
said manoj kotak, a bjp corporator and group leader in the bmc.
the sena later said that there was no need for the bjp to walk out of the standing committee meeting.
we are not siding with the civic administration.
in fact, we have followed up with them and it was the mayors letter that unearthed the road-repair scam.
this is all part of the bjps ploy of taking credit for repairing potholes.
since the civic chief is close to the cm and the bmc is run by the urban development department, i dont understand why the bjp felt offended, said vishwarao.
other corporators such as samajwadi partys rais shaikh and waqarunnisa ansari of the congress demanded compensation for the family of the 21-year-old motorist who died after his bike fell into a large pothole on j j marg on september 26.
people shouldnt pay for the incompetence of the contractors and the civic administration.
the civic body should grant compensation to the victims family, said shaikh.
cornered by the ruling parties, the civic administration said the pothole-filling work has been fast-tracked and would be completed by october 5.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
express photo maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
express photochief minister devendrafadnavis thursday said the government will reconstitute the project affected peoples relief and rehabilitation authority, which had become defunct for the last six years during the congress-ncp government.
lakhs of people were displaced after their land was acquired for irrigation projects such as koyna, jayakwadi and gosikhurd, among others, across western maharashtra, north maharashtra, marathwada, vidarbha and konkan regions.
the objective is to provide more teeth to the authority to ensure justice to each affected person waiting for justice for the last six decades, fadnavis said.
nearly 30 lakh people were displaced in the last six decades by various welfare projects in the state.
however, data shows almost 80 per cent of these paps are due to land acquired from farmers or individuals for irrigation projects.
watch video: whats making newsthe maharashtra project affected peoples relief and rehabilitation authority (mpaprra) is chaired by the chief minister and has as members two representatives from the project-affected people across 36 districts of the state.
the pap relief and rehabilitation act has been in existence since 1986.
the role of mpaprra is to facilitate alternative dwelling complete with civic infrastructure to the paps, whose land has been acquired for the welfare projects.
senior bjp leader madhav bhandari said, what is really shocking is that the project-affected people have been deprived of their rights in almost all the irrigation projects which were sanctioned by the congress-ncp government in the last six decades.
in satara, there are 29 irrigation projects where people are still fighting for their rights.
many of these projects had started in 1960s and 70s.
however, their next generation is fighting for the compensation, he said.
while mpaprra will be the nodal authority, there will be sub-committees which would be constituted at revenue divisions and taluka levels wherever there are sizeable population requiring relocation or facing systemic problems.
maratha community people participate in a maratha karnti morcha in sindhudurg, maharashtra on sunday.
pti photo maratha community people participate in a maratha karnti morcha in sindhudurg, maharashtra on sunday.
pti photoirked by leading political party leaders trying to hijack their agenda, the kranti maratha morcha core team wants to chart its own course of action for welfare of the community, including reservation in education and employment.
a meeting has been convened on january 15 to decide the long term plan and the fate of its proposed rally in mumbai on january 31.
a senior kmm leader, on condition of anonymity, told the indian express, unfortunately, maratha leaders representing all political parties are trying to push their individual agendas ahead of the crucial municipal corporation and zilla parishad elections on february 16 and 21.
watch what else is making newsthe kmm core team is also upset with sambhaji brigade and other smaller groups taking to violence using their agenda and forum in various districts.
revealing the power tussle within the kmm, a body constituted to demand reservation for the community in jobs and edcuation, the senior functionary said, the original agenda has been cast aside.
the maratha leaders of congress, ncp and shiv sena who are part of the organisation are trying to whip up a political agenda confined to polls.
the maratha leaders of the bjp are also part of the organisation and often try to diffuse the anti-government agenda being pushed by the congress, ncp and sena, he said.
at its internal meetings, kmm leaders who are upset with the established politicians trying to hijack their movement have taken the decision to postpone the mumbai rally.
at the moment, our organisation stands divided.
one section strongly advocates a mega rally in mumbai ahead of polls.
whereas, the other section believes the rally will not serve any purpose as the government had already given its consent to the charter of demands proposed by them, said one of the original kmm team members.
kmm organisers who had elicited wide support from the students across marathwada argued, the increasing politicisation of the organisation has disappointed sizeable sections.
the generation next which had supported us fear that established leaders across party lines are using them to serve their vested interest.
it may be mentioned here that all the established leaders across parties such as former chief minister ashok chavan (congress), former deputy chief minister (ncp) ajit pawar, opposition leader (congress) radhakrishna vikhe-patil, bjp state chief rao saheb danve, bjp ministers chandrakant patil and sambhaji patil nilengekar, among others, have openly come out in support of the maratha rallies in their respective districts in the last six months.
the decision to convene the maratha rally was taken to protest the rape of a maratha girl in kopardi village in ahmednagar district of maharashtra on august 9, 2016.
successive rallies saw the organisation evolving a charter of demands including the maratha reservation issue.
in the last two months, chief minister devendrafadnavis held a series of discussions with the maratha delegates across districts to discuss their demands.
almost all the demands raised by the organisation have been agreed to by the government including reservation for marathas.
fadnavis has also heeded the maratha demand to set up a committee to find out how it can stop the misuse of the atrocities act.
the government has submitted detailed affidavit in court to justify the reservation demand of marathas.
a pil in court has questioned the maratha reservation arguing it is politically, socially and economically a forward community.
completed in record 27 months, the nagpur metro is considered to be the greenest metro in the country, ever since it was flagged off by the prime minister in march this year.
around 65 per cent of energy requirement is fulfilled by solar panels on the roof of the metro rail, stations, depot boundary walls and depot shed, the maharashtra metro rail corporation ltd has claimed.
advertisingthe first trial was conducted in february and covered a distance of 11.
5 km between khapri and ajni stations, at a speed of 45 km per hour to and fro.
according to railway technology, the nagpur metro includes the north-south corridor and the east-west corridor.
the north-south corridor originates at automotive square in the north and terminates at mihan in the south, whereas the east-west corridor connects prajapati nagar on the eastern part of the city with lokmanya nagar in the western part of the city.
the two routes are served by 36 stations in total.
while nagpur metro deserves plaudits for being the greenest metro, here is a look at some of the other metro rails in the country.
advertisingdelhi metrodelhi metro is one of the six indian projects to feature in the prestigious infrastructure 100: world markets report compiled by the reputed international accounting firm kpmg, the delhi metro rail corporation (dmrc) website read.
the inclusion in this prestigious list of infrastructure projects from all over the world is recognition of delhi metros sustained efforts to create world-class mass transportation infrastructure in the national capital region.
in the future also, we shall continue with our efforts to provide comfortable, reliable, affordable and eco-friendly services to the people, dmrcs managing director, mangu singh, had said.
the metro here not only caters to delhi but also to gurgaon, noida, faridabad, ghaziabad, bahadurgarh and ballabhgarh.
it is the largest and busiest metro in india, and second oldest after the kolkata metro.
it is also the worlds eighth-longest metro system and 16th largest by ridership.
kolkata metrokolkata will be the first city in india to have an underwater tunnel near river hooghly.
while the construction of this new line has been completed, operations are expected to begin by june end.
aside from this, kolkata has the countrys oldest metro system.
presently, it consists of an operational line, connecting from noapara to kavi subhash.
this route is also known as line 1 with a total length of 27 kilometers connecting as many as 24 stations across the city, with 15 of them being underground.
several other extensions of the metro are under process, such as the joka  esplanade metro (line 3), the noapara  barasat metro (line 4), the baranagar  barrackpore metro (line 5) and the kavi suvash  jai hind metro (line 6).
bengaluru metroalso known as namma metro, this high-speed and low-cost transit medium is a blessing for commuters in the it hub as it offers a safe, reliable, comfortable and quick journey.
it is the fourth longest operational metro network in india after the delhi metro, hyderabad metro and chennai metro.
it also contains the first underground metro line in south india.
as of now, the metro network consists of two colour-coded lines: purple line and green line.
additionally, there will be the construction of three new colour-coded lines in phase 2 of the project: yellow, red, and blue.
mumbai metrothe mumbai metro designed to reduce traffic congestion in the city, and supplement the overcrowded suburban railway network.
it is modern, clean and fast and saves 60 minutes of travel time daily.
it is being built in three phases over a 15-year period, with overall completion expected in 2025.
as of august 2018, mumbai metro consisted of 1 operational line (line 1  elevated metro from versova to ghatkopar), and 4 lines under various stages of construction.
hyderabad metrohyderabad metro is the second longest operational metro in india after delhi.
inaugurated by prime minister narendra modi, it is funded by a public private partnership and runs from miyapur to nagole with 24 stations.
the eventual metro line will be a 72-km elevated stretch, which is expected to be completed by the end of the year.
chennai metrothe chennai metro system commenced service in 2015 after partially opening the first phase of the project.
the network consists of two colour-coded lines covering a length of 45 kilometres and is the third largest metro system in india after delhi metro and hyderabad metro.
as of february 2019, chennai central to st. thomas mount on the green line and washermanpet to chennai international airport on blue line are commercially operational.
lucknow metrolucknow metro began its commercial operation in 2017 after its construction began in 2014.
full operation on red line stretch from chaudhary charan singh international airport metro station to munshi pulia metro station began operation on 9 march this year.
advertisingonce completed, the lucknow metro will have 2 lines (1a & 1b), the longer red (north-south) line, and the blue (east-west) line, running from charbagh railway station to vasant kunj.
b'chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday called for greater coordination amongst the multiple departments to facilitate effective enforcement of disaster management plans ahead of the monsoons.
while stressing on meticulous planning, he said it should be enforceable and within the minimum time to ensure the people are not left stranded or deprived of the immediate help.
after seeing the presentation made by various department related to the disaster management preparations for monsoons, the cm expressed satisfaction.
but stressed that all these preparations on paper should translate with same effectiveness when it comes to tackling the problems.
the cm chaired the meeting which was attended by senior officials from bmc, railways, navy, army, state government officials.
the imd has made perfect predictions indicating good monsoon.
the cm said the good monsoons are an opportunity to maximise the benefits to farmers.
earlier, chief secretary summit mallik said, the heavy rains in telangana, karnataka and madhya pradesh often leads to floods in border villages in maharashtra.
the state government is discussing the issue with revenue departments in other states to keep strict monitor of the water released from the dams and flood control mechanism.
he also urged the public works department to conduct the structural audit of old bridges, and those falling in the category of danger should be closed down to avoid any mishap.
hours after he resigned as the satara mp, former ncp leader udayanraje bhosale, a descendant of chhatrapati shivaji, on saturday, joined the bjp in the presence of party president and union home minister amit shah.
advertisingbhosale joined the bjp at shahs residence in delhi, where chief minister devendrafadnavis , bjp state chief chandrakant patil and water resources minister girish mahajan were also present.
in ncp, i was feeling suffocated.
i couldnt get any work done the chief minister and i are old friends.
through him, i have been able to get several development works implemented.
it is advantageous to have governments of the same party at the centre and in the state, bhosale said.
earlier, bhosale had insisted that he would join the bjp only in the presence of prime minister narendra modi and other senior leaders in delhi.
he had also demanded that the bypoll for satara lok sabha seat be held along with the forthcoming assembly polls.
advertisinghe said, if he lost in the by-poll, he should be accommodated in the rajya sabha, bjp sources said.
though the prime minister was not present due to his busy schedule, bjp chief amit shah held the event at his residence.
udayanraje wanted the event to be held in delhi.
this shows how much importance the bjp attaches to him.
the ncp never cared for him, his associates milind gaikwad and jeetendra khanvilkar said.
fadnavis had accompanied bhosale to delhi in a chartered plane.
around 1 am on saturday, the mp had submitted his resignation to lok sabha speaker om birla.
addressing the media, fadnavis said bhosale had resigned barely four months after he was elected.
we expect a bypoll to take place in satara lok sabha along with state assembly elections udayanraje will win by a record margin, he said.
hailing his entry into the party, shah said, bjp and jana sangh have always followed the ideology of chhatrapati shivaji and it is great that one of his family members has joined the party.
claiming that the leadership of modi and shah had inspired him, bhosale said, i am happy to see that the bjp is following the path of shivaji maharaj to strengthen the country.
in the lok sabha election held earlier this year, bhosale had won by a margin of around 1,30,000 votes, much lower than his winning margin of around 3,66,000 votes in the 2014 parliamentary polls.
jolted by the slide in his victory margin, which came as a major embarrassment for him, bhosale had raised doubts about the functioning of electronic voting machines (evms).
immediately after the lok sabha elections, he had offered to resign and seek re-election through ballot boxes.
on saturday, he said, the reduction in my victory margin was a moral defeat for me this is what happens in ncp.
they block you and make you suffer.
b'parts of maharashtra especially the marathwada region are reeling under severe drought.
parts of maharashtra especially the marathwada region are reeling under severe drought.
even as the state reels under an acute-water scarcity like situation, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said his government was committed to provide drinking water to the people.
the state at present is reeling under an acute water scarcity-like situation.
the government is committed to provide drinking water to the people in any case, fadnavis said after the inauguration of krishi vikas exhibition here.
the government is also making efforts to make the land rich in water so that farmers get water for irrigation.
under magel tyala shettale (a scheme to provide farm-ponds), the government proposes to build five lakh farm lakes in next five years, the chief minister said.
parts of maharashtra especially the marathwada region are reeling under severe drought.
stating that the backlog in agriculture pump connections in vidarbha and marathwada regions has been completely removed, fadnavis lauded the success of the jalyukta shivar scheme.
jalyukta shivar water conservation initiative, the flagship programme of maharashtra government, involves deepening and widening of streams, construction of cement and earthen stop dams, work on nullahs and digging of farm ponds.
the chief minister further said for the first time in the history of the state, rs 26,000 crore have been allotted for agriculture and allied sector.
speaking on the occasion union minister nitin gadkari called for deepening of rivers and nullahs around villages and towns and using excavated soil for laying pandan roads (approach roads to farms.
the union highways minister informed that cement concrete roads worth rs 2.
50 lakh crore would be laid in maharashtra this year.
gadkari said the state has been given rs 4,050 crore under central road funds, which will help in increasing the length of national highways in the state to 22,000 km from the existing 5000 km.
he also said to boost dairy production in vidarbha the government (centre) has signed an agreement with new delhi-based mother dairy which will soon be setting up a rs 400 crore project in nagpur.
two days after aimim mp from aurangabad, imtiyaz jaleel, skipped the marathwada liberation day programme, the shiv sena on thursday said his action amounts to treason.
advertisingin an editorial in party mouthpiece saamana, the party said that jaleels behaviour of showing hatred towards the freedom fighters seems deliberate.
aurangabad mp imtiyaz jaleel is committing the same crime again and again.
this is called treason in legal language, it said.
the government marks marathwada liberation day to salute freedom fighters every year on september 17 in aurangabad.
sena said jaleel has skipped the event for the fifth year in a row.
while jaleel is currently the mp from aurangabad, he had been the legislator from the aurangabad central seat for the last four years.
advertisingaimim chief asaduddin owaisi shows how patriotic he is by putting his hand on the constitution but does not do the same when it comes to triple talaq, uniform civil code and other issues.
is jaleel boycotting the marathwada liberation day acceptable to owaisi?
he should clarify whether they still continue the legacy of nizam, said the editorial.
it further urged chief minister devendrafadnavis to not invite jaleel for any government programme henceforth.
marathwada liberation day marks the accession of the princely state of hyderabad and liberation from the tyranny of nizam in 1948.
former uttarakhand chief minister bhagat singh koshyari, who was on sunday named as maharashtras new governor, will take oath at raj bhavan later this week.
advertisingjust as the schedule for his oath-taking ceremony was still being worked out, official sources said that koshyari is likely to reach mumbai either on september 3 or september 4.
the oath-taking ceremony is expected to take place a day after his arrival, an official said.
koshyari was named as the partys first uttarakhand unit president after the state was formed.
he served as uttarakhand chief minister from october 30, 2001 to march 1, 2002.
later after serving as leader of opposition in the legislative assembly, he served as rajya sabha mp between 2008 and 2014.
read | new governors appointed in 5 states: tamilisai soundararajan gets telangana, arif mohammad khan keralaadvertisingon sunday, president ram nath kovind appointed koshyari as the successor for outgoing governor c vidyasagar rao, whose five-year tenure ended on august 30.
koshyaris immediate administrative challenge would be the formation of the new state government following the ensuing state polls.
almost immediately after rao assumed the governors role, he had faced his first administrative test.
in 2014, political developments jotted up in the state ahead of the state polls.
the then congress-led government fell into a minority after the nationalist congress party withdrew support from the government and presidents rule was imposed in the state, an official recalled.
while rao enjoyed excellent relationship with chief minister devendrafadnavis , even leaders from opposition parties found him approachable.
senior bureaucrats said that a decision to allocate five per cent of the total tribal sub plan directly to gram sabhas, an initiative that was hailed by then president pranab mukherjee.
it was during his tenure that the government gave gram panchayats in scheduled areas rights over minor forest produce.
documenting development works carried out in the three tribal villages  jawarla (nanded), bhagdari (nandurbar) and mangurda (yavatmal)  he had adopted, rao had recently published a book.
people, meanwhile, will remember rao for making the historic raj bhavan accessible to the common man.
according to an official communication from raj bhavan, since 2015 when the doors of raj bhavan were opened to people, more than 20,000 citizens had visited the heritage site.
a british era bunker, which was discovered in 2016, a museum has now been set up inside the bunker, which was inaugurated on august 2019.
senior state bureaucrats also recounted how he stepped in when mumbai university had fallen in a mess on account of delay in the declaration of results.
a senior official said that his insistence on improvement in the quality of infrastructure in both agricultural and non-agricultural universities had forced the state administration to adopt some reforms.
a three-star hotel in mumbais vile parle may be an immediate beneficiary of the governments proposed easing of rules.
express archive a three-star hotel in mumbais vile parle may be an immediate beneficiary of the governments proposed easing of rules.
express archivethe state government in maharashtra is set to dilute norms for grant of additional buildable space for luxury hotels in mumbai.
top government sources confirmed that chief minister devendrafadnavis urban development (ud) department has proposed setting aside the condition that a star category residential hotel must have come up on a plot of over 2,500 square metre or more to avail of the sop.
according to information, the departments proposal for modification of mumbais development control regulations in this regard had already been placed before the chief minister.
fadnavis, when contacted, said, i dont have information in this regard.
ill find out.
but questions are being raised over the move especially since mumbais new development plan (dp 2014-34) has already formulated fresh regulations regarding floor space incentives (fsi) to hotels, where it has proposed doing away with the special distinction made for star category hotels, while extending the benefit to all hotels.
official records reviewed by the indian express show that a three-star hotel in mumbais vile parle, which faces action for allegedly building areas in excess of what was permitted, may be an immediate beneficiary of the governments proposed easing of rules.
documents reveal that the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) has launched action against the 12-storey hotel constructed by genesis resorts private limited in the suburb of mumbai alleging fsi violations and deviations from the approved building plan.
the documents show that on june 6 this year, mumbai civic commissioner ajoy mehta ordered that all additional areas (constructed beyond the approved fsi) in the hotel be sealed and marked on the floor plans as proposed to be demolished.
the civic chiefs orders followed a report from the building proposals department officials in august and october last year, where it was observed that the hotel had deviated from the building plans.
in their report, the senior civic engineers had cited fsi violations indicating that misuse of common areas that were approved free of fsi in the approved building plan.
documents show that on october 6, 2015, the deputy chief engineer, building proposals, had directed the firm and the projects architect to rectify these violations.
we have noticed construction in the front open space.
office cubicles have been set up in the space meant to be kept open to sky.
spaces approved free-of-fsi for building elevational features, and the air handling unit have also been misused, the senior engineer had noted in the letter sent to the firm and the architect.
objecting to the building of these extra areas, the bmc claimed that the permissible floor area of 38604.
44 square meters approved for the hotel is entirely consumed till the eight floor itself.
this has basically rendered the construction of the upper three floors irregular.
documents show that the firm knocked on the governments door in september last year for regularisation of the additional construction.
on september 5, 2015, the bmc forwarded a proposal of the project architect yunus jhaveris letter to the urban development department for granting additional fsi to the hotel.
as per government notification dated may 14, 2009, the permissible fsi for star category hotel buildings has been enhanced from 2.
5 to 3.
5.
the government is allowing additional fsi 2 instead of the earlier permissible fsi 1.
the ud department has processed the proposal as per the said notification, the letter said.
further, on february 9, 2016, the firm wrote to mehta reiterating the claim that the ud had processed the additional fsi proposal, but adding that it was likely to take some time.
arguing that the hotel had been ready for use for over two years and that the recurring expenditures were mounting, the firm had requested the commissioner to issue part occupation certificate (oc) for the first eight floors, while keeping approvals for the upper floors in abeyance.
we are ready to give a registered undertaking that we will demolish the upper floors if the further additional fsi is not sanctioned by the government, stated the firms letter.
but sources confirmed that the additional fsi proposal was grounded after it was found that the plots area (1799.
33 sq mtr) is much below stipulated 2500 square meter.
while processing the approval for regularisation of the construction carried out within the permissible floor area on june 6, mehta had categorically ordered that regularisation for construction out of this limit would be taken up only after the urban development department conveyed its consent to it.
if permission was not received within six months, further action under law will be initiated, he had observed.
the ud departments latest proposal has withdrawn the minimum plot area condition, which would pave the way for regularisation of the hotels construction.
madhukar shetty, chairman, genesis resorts private limited, when contacted, confirmed that his firm had been seeking relaxation and would benefit from it.
the hotel is ready for use for over two years.
but since the occupation has not been granted by bmc, there is no revenue generation.
on the other hand, the recurring expenditure on house keeping and maintenance of central air conditioning has to be undertaken to keep amenities and interiors in proper condition.
we have to also pay off loan installments to bankers who financed the project, he said.
the building plans were first approved in 2008.
since then, there has been a significant advancement of technologies in the utility sector.
we have incorporated services such as an evacuation room, an ioniser, a server room, a chiller and a boiler plant as per international standards for hotel building, and this had led to certain changes to the buildable area.
it is not as if we have built additional guest rooms or would be making additional revenue from these areas.
how can the hotel industry and tourism flourish if we are penalised for providing such services, shetty said.
weve already said that we would be willing to demolish the upper floors if the authorities think we were in the wrong.
but they must at least allow us to start services on the lower floors, he said.
ironically, the civic body has also questioned concessions in open space requirements granted in 2010 to the hotel project as non-admissible.
documents show that the concessions had been approved by the then civic commissioner.
incidentally, documents reveal that on january 25, 2016, bjp mla from vile parle parag alavani had written a letter to the cm, demanding that the minimum plot area condition be waived.
confirming this, alavani, when contacted, however, said, a waiver of the plot size criteria has been a longstanding demand of hotel owners.
some of them discussed this with me during a tourism mart organised in my constituency, following which i decided to write to the government in this regard.
since i feel that the demand is justified, ive been following it up with the government, he said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis ordered the mumbai police crime branch to probe the death of dr payal tadvi, after her family members met him in mumbai on thursday.
tadvis family had urged fadnavis to hand over the probe to either to the crime branch or the cbi.
advertisingthe agripada police, which was investigating the case till now, handed over the case papers to the crime branch in the evening.
crime branch acp netaji bhopale will now be investigating the case.
mumbai police spokesperson dcp manjunath singe said, considering the seriousness and importance of the case related to dr tadvis death, the investigation in the case has been transferred to the crime branch.
it will be seeking the custody of the three accused resident doctors when they are produced before a court on friday.
so far, the police have recorded statements of several junior and senior doctors of nair hospital, who, contrary to what the accused had alleged, have claimed that tadvi was good at her work.
advertisingthey have said that while they were all under intense pressure due to the heavy work load, the three doctors did harass tadvi, an officer said.
three roommates of tadvi have also confirmed that the three arrested doctors  dr bhakti mehare, dr ankita khandelwal and dr hema ahuja  would harass her, an officer said.
the three accused have told investigators that it is their responsibility to get work done from their juniors.
they have alleged that it was the poor quality of work done by tadvi and another doctor, snehal shinde, which made them scold them.
besides doctors and roommates, the police have also recorded the statements of dr ramesh barmal, the dean of topiwala college attached to byl nair hospital; cleaners who worked in gynaecology department and gynaecology department head dr s d shirodkar and unit head dr y i ching ling.
dr salman tadvi, the husband of the deceased, had earlier told the police that along with ling, the family had also approached shirodkar, which the latter has denied.
while ling has told the police that she had received a verbal complaint from tadvis family about the harassment, shirodkar has denied having received any oral or written complaint about the alleged harassment from the family.
the police said that so far, they have been able to establish the order in which the incidents took place soon after the suicide.
since tadvi was missing for a few hours, everyone was looking for her.
dr mehare came to her room and found it locked.
she suspected something amiss after trying to take a peek from bottom of the door.
she then informed other doctors and called security guards, who eventually broke open the door to find tadvi hanging, an officer said.
reserve bank of india (file photo) reserve bank of india (file photo)the reserve bank wednesday warned of fiscal situation getting out of hand if states unabatedly continue to waive farm loans saying it also risk spurring inflation.
rbi governor urjit patel said unless that state governments budgets allow that fiscal space to go in for a loan waiver, it would be risky to tread on that path.
the risk of fiscal slippages, which by and large can entail inflationary spillovers, has risen with the announcements of large farm loan waivers, the rbi said in its second bi-monthly monetary policy review for 2017-18.
patel said that the risk of going down the slippery path of waiver could dissipate the important gains that the states made in fiscal rectitude over the last 2/3 years.
past episodes in our country had shown that when there are significant fiscal slippages they do permeate to inflation sooner or later.
so, it is a path that we need to tread very carefully and before it gets out of hand, he said.
07 crore farmers with less than five acres of land would be eligible for it.
earlier, in april, the uttar pradesh government had waived farm loan worth rs 36,000 crore and if maharashtra implements the waiver scheme, it would cost the state exchequer an estimated rs 30,000 crore.
farmers in madhya pradesh too have been agitating since june 1 seeking loan waivers, higher minimum support prices and other benefits.
the gymnasium inside aarey colony.
amit chakravarty the gymnasium inside aarey colony.
amit chakravartya day after mumbai congress chief sanjay nirupam accused a shiv sena minister of misusing his official position for cornering a public land in a green belt in mumbais aarey milk colony, the congress and the shiv sena were locked in a sharp verbal brawl on thursday.
ravindra waikar, the minister against whom the charges were levelled, lashed out at nirupam claiming that he had made unfounded allegations based on incomplete information to serve his political purposes.
the response from waikar came a day after the controversy played out in mumbai as waikar was on a vacation abroad with his family, as maintained by his staff.
on thursday, however, waikar even aired an online video rubbishing the charges.
soon after, the mumbai congress chief dashed off a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis demanding waikars removal from the government.
waikar is a minister of state (housing, higher and technical education) in the state.
the congress also dragged the shiv sena into the controversy with nirupam questioning the partys silence on the row on social media platforms.
watch video: whats making newson wednesday, the congress had released official papers, including a march 18, 2015, communication between the chief executive officer (ceo) of the aarey milk colony and the mumbai slum improvement board under the maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada), to level charges against waikar.
nirupam had said that waikar had used public development funds to construct an illegal gymnasium floor on a 3,700 square metre public land, and also that a total area of about 80,000 square metres had been illegally fenced.
nirupam had further accused waikar of misusing his powers to pressure mhada authorities, who function under the housing department, to avoid action against the alleged illegal activity.
an accusation of conflict-of-interest was also levelled with nirupam claiming that rules had been violated to let a unregistered trust led by his wife, manisha, run the public facility.
in his clarification, waikar said: the land remains a public land.
public funds for development works recommended by an mla have been used to develop the gymnasium facility, which shall remain in public hands.
accusations of commercialisation of the plot are ridiculous and baseless.
the facility will continue to remain for public purpose, and had been developed based on a demand from local citizens.
waikar has also claimed that the trust running the facility was registered, while dodging the allegation that it was headed by his wife.
nirupam, who had released an official letter from the mumbai public trusts registration office starting that the trust was not registered with them, has now challenged waikar to produce papers defying this claim.
sources said that the congress leader may also have eked out some information and data on the row based on inputs from waikars detractors within the shiv sena.
about 56 per cent voters on tuesday exercised franchise across ten municipal corporations in maharashtra.
about 56 per cent voters on tuesday exercised franchise across ten municipal corporations in maharashtra.
about 56 per cent voters on tuesday exercised franchise across ten municipal corporations in maharashtra, including the all-important mumbai civic body bmc which recorded a 55 per cent turn-out.
bjp and its bickering ally in the state government shiv sena, who could not form an alliance for the civic poll in the megapolis or elsewhere this time, fought keenly, lashing out freely at each other during the bitter campaign.
56 per cent voters exercised franchise across ten municipal corporations in maharashtra, including the brihanmumbai municipal corporation which recorded a 55 per cent turn-out, state election commission officials said.
the turn-out for 11 zilla parishads and 118 panchayat samiti polls was better than in the cities, at 69 per cent, state election officials said this evening.
the polling was peaceful across the state.
a total of 17,331 candidates are in the fray for 3,210 seats up for grabs in this second phase of civic/local body polls in maharashtra, being seen as mini general election.
the stakes are high for chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, who led their respective parties from the front and were involved in a no-holds-barred campaign, relegating the opposition congress, ncp and other players like mns and aimim to the background.
apart from mumbai, the municipal corporations which went to the polls included thane, ulhasnagar, nashik, pune, pimpri-chinchwad, solapur, akola, amravati and nagpur.
as many as 43,160 polling booths were set up and around 2.
76 lakh election staff and equal number of police personnel were deployed for the conduct of the elections.
more than 1.
80 crore electorate were eligible to exercise their franchise in the zilla parishads and panchayat samitis while the total number of urban voters stood at 1.
95 crore.
in mumbai, there are 2,275 candidates and 92 lakh voters.
the outcome in asias largest civic body, run by the shiv sena with the bjps support for the last two decades, will decide the fate of the devendrafadnavis government.
retaining the 227-member bmc is vital for shiv sena as the city has been its political heartland since its formation in 1966.
the campaign turned into a slugfest between the two parties, throwing up the question if there would be a parting of ways post-election.
the counting will take place on february 23.
bjp, which had been a junior partner of sena before it gained the upper hand through the 2014 lok sabha and assembly polls, declined to accept the number of seats offered by the sena in this poll, setting the stage for a high-voltage electioneering that saw charges and counter-charges flying thick.
the bjp has its eyes set on gaining power in bmc, one of worlds largest city bodies with an annual budget of over rs 37,000 crore, undeterred by senas threat of pulling the plug on the state government, which its chief put on notice period shortly after the campaign took off.
the bjp flagged transparency in civic administration as the central slogan while the sena campaigned on its performance in bmc over the last two decades.
larger civic amenities like better roads, water supply and measures to contain pollution were drowned in the political cacophony of the campaign.
rss chief mohan bhagwat, chief minister fadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari cast their votes in nagpur.
ncp supremo sharad pawar voted in mumbai.
though it was a very busy and eventful day for n chandrasekaran who took over as tata sons chairman, casting ballot took precedence over his professional engagements.
bollywood celebrities like rekha, ranveer singh, anushka sharma, zoya akhtar, gulzar and others were also seen in the queue to cast their votes for the bmc, some of them voicing concern over the civic amenities in the megapolis.
for 1,268 seats of the ten municipal corporations, there are 9,208 candidates; for 11 zilla parishads there are 2,956 candidates for 654 seats, and 5,167 candidates for 1,288 seats in 118 panchayat samitis.
the first phase of 15 zilla parishads and 165 panchayat samitis polling was held on february 16 where 69 per cent voters exercised their franchise.
almost a month after the centre revoked the special status granted to jammu and kashmir under article 370, bjp-ruled maharashtra and karnataka have become the first states to propose investment in the two union territories of j&k and ladakh that will come into being from october 31.
advertisingsources said the maharashtra government has written to union tourism minister pralhad singh patel offering to open resorts run by the maharashtra tourism development corporation (mtdc) in both the regions.
it has also written to the local administration for allotment of land for the resorts.
looking to leverage the move in the upcoming state polls, the maharashtra cabinet tuesday sanctioned the state tourism departments proposal, making a token budgetary provision of rs 2 crore for the investment.
later, karnataka tourism minister c t ravi posted on his twitter account: while we are focused on improving tourism industry in karnataka, we are also contemplating about making an entry into jammu & kashmir tourism.
karnatakas art, architecture, culture & traditions can be showcased in indias crown, resulting in a win-win situation for both states.
sources said the cm has also been in touch with j&k governor satya pal malik regarding investment in the region.
on tuesday, maharashtra tourism minister jaikumar rawal announced that he will be visiting the region in the next 15 days for negotiations.
maharashtra tourism secretary vinita singhal said the administration had identified locations in popular tourist locations, such as pahalgam and leh, for the resorts based on discussions with the local administration.
she said mtdc had cleared the proposal in its board meeting last week.
we will now write to the centre and the local administration seeking allotment of land or an existing facility, she said.
singhal said the state will wait for a formal response before drawing up a concrete plan.
another alternative being offered is setting up a facility in srinagar.
in tuesdays cabinet meeting, sources said, the proposal was not part of the official agenda but was discussed by rawal.
sources said mtdc is looking to set up 20-40-room resorts at the two sites for which it wants at least 30,000 sq ft each.
there are many tourists from maharashtra who visit the region and will benefit from the facility.
tourists from other states would also be able to use the resorts, said rawal.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
a day after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis paved the way for the shiv sena to install its mayor in bmc, the warring ally today hinted there is no threat to the stability of the bjp-led coalition government.
we have now kept aside the resignation letters which we were carrying in our pockets, shiv sena leader and environment minister ramdas kadam told reporters here.
interestingly, it was kadam who had said the ministers of his party were carrying resignation letters in their pockets, after the sena president uddhav thackeray broke the alliance with the ruling bjp ahead of the bmc polls last month.
when asked if the fadnavis was still on notice period as announced by the sena leadership in run-up to the elections, he said, only thackeray can answer this query.
sena is the junior partner of the bjp in the central and state government.
the apparent thaw in senas aggressive stand vis-a-vis the bjp came a day after fadnavis announced the bjp will not field its nominees for the posts of mayor and deputy mayor of mumbai in the mayoral election, scheduled this week.
the cms announcement of the bjp virtually relinquishing prominent civic posts paved the way for sena to install its mayor in the countrys richest civic body.
sena has been demanding mayors post by virtue of its numerical strength at 84 in bmc, just two more than bjp.
sena had also claimed support of at least four independent corporators.
however, given the hung verdict, both the sena and the bjp could not reach the magic figure of 114 seats needed to rule the 227-member civic body on their respective strength.
in an indication of rapprochement, senior sena leaders attended a press conference addressed by the cm at sahyadri guest house here.
the chief minister-led urban development department had previously deleted 33 hectare of land from aareys no-development zone.
ganesh shirsekar the chief minister-led urban development department had previously deleted 33 hectare of land from aareys no-development zone.
ganesh shirsekarthe mumbai metro rail corporation (mmrc), which is building the colaba-bandra-seepz metro rail line, has claimed that it has no immediate plans for commercial exploitation of portions of the 33 hectare land allotted to it in the aarey colony for a car shed.
the land is given to us to construct a car depot and we have no plans currently to commercialise it, said r ramana, executive director (planning), mmrc.
for allotting the aarey land for the car shed, the chief minister-led urban development (ud) department had previously deleted 33 hectare of land from aareys no development zone.
activists, who have been opposing the allotment of aarey land, objected when the government reserved the land parcel for metro car depot/ workshop, allied activities, and commercial zone.
i cannot say about the future.
but for now we do not have any plans for commercial exploitation of the plot, added r ramana.
even the notice inviting bids for the construction of the car depot does not mention commercial activities.
the notice only mentions the construction of depot cum workshop buildings, metro station building, subway, earthwork and all associated works at aarey colony for the mumbai metro line 3 project.
but activist zoru bhathena who filed an rti in this regard remains sceptical.
he claims the mmrc had disclosed plans for real estate development on the land while replying to his rti.
the government can say something now and then later completely go back on it.
if they are not to commercialise then why would the government include the reservation for a commercial zone on the land?
he asked.
while replying to bhatenas rti, the mmrc had on november 22 disclosed modified plans for the car depots layout, which included an area marked for residential and commercial development.
it also revealed that the mmrc itself had requested the ud department to change the land use besides requesting building rights up to three times the plot size or 3 fsi on the land.
the state government has also made it clear that besides allotment of the 33 hectare land, it would not bear any financial burden for the project and has suggested that the funds be raised through real estate development.
the rs 23,136-crore project was to be jointly funded by the centre and the state government apart from a loan assistance of rs 13,235 crore from japan international co-operation agency (jica).
the gr clearly shows that the government is not going to provide the remaining funds and instead expects mmrc to raise it through real estate development of the land provided by them in aarey.
with a high fsi of 3, they will be able to undertake construction of one crore square feet of land and we can only imagine how much money they will rake in through that.
they do not want aarey just to construct the car-shed but to be the financier of the entire project, he says.
a panel constituted by chief minister devendrafadnavis to examine alternatives to aarey in 2015 had suggested a land in kanjurmarg.
however, the mmrc rejected the proposal last year on the grounds that it was under litigation as well as marshy which would make construction on it more expensive.
the ud has not even maintained a file on the kanjurmarg land and it is evident that mmrc only made excuses to not take up that land.
mmrcs ulterior motives of commercialisation would not have been served there.
but government cannot chop down forests to make money.
they need to find other alternatives for that, added bhatena.
benita.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday lead the state by taking the decision to get rid of the red beacon atop his car to end the vvip culture in government.
maharashtra welcomes the great step taken by prime minister narendra modiji towards ending the vip culture.
fadnavis took it to twitter and said,  and to celebrate such epic step for strengthening our democracy, i have stopped the use of red beacon on my car.
at the state level, chief minister had already taken several initiatives leading with his personal examples to end the vvip treatment.
shortly after taking the charge of the government on october 31, 2014, he took the decision not to halt the traffic along the route through which his convoy passed.
the chief minister reckoning the inconvenience caused to people when vvip vehicles were given a freeway, changed the norms.
as a result, fadnavis often have to face the traffic problems and also held at at signals.
yet, chief minister has decided not to seek special travel privilege or vvip treatment.
in another departure from the past, fadnavis has disallowed any additional expenditure on renovation of his own residential bungalow varsha or office at mantralaya.
a senior officer in the public works department revealed,  majority of the ministers and even bureaucrats often engage in huge renovations when they shift to new government houses.
but cm gave strict instructions not to make unnecessary expenditure at varsha or office at mantralaya.
the bailgadi shariyat or bullock cart race holds the same significance in maharashtra as jallikattu in tamil nadu.
(express photo/pradip das) the bailgadi shariyat or bullock cart race holds the same significance in maharashtra as jallikattu in tamil nadu.
(express photo/pradip das)with the traditional bull-taming sport jallikattu making a grand return in tamil nadu on sunday, pressure also mounted on the bjp government in maharashtra for withdrawal of the ban on bullock cart races in maharashtra.
the bailgadi shariyat or bullock cart race holds the same significance in maharashtra as jallikattu in tamil nadu.
on sunday, a group of protesters gathered in south mumbais azad maidan voicing their opposition to the existing ban on such races.
watch what else is in the newsthe bullock cart races were outlawed in 2012.
seven years ago, the supreme court had ordered a ban on bullock cart races but then later provided a brief relief, before banning the sport again in 2014.
according to protesters, the bullock cart races have a 400-year-old history in the state, with farmers rearing these bullocks especially for races.
adopting the tone of the protesters in tamil nadu, maharashtras bullock cart racing enthusiasts, who had gathered for the protest, said that they held animal groups such as the people for the ethical treatment of animals (peta) responsible for the ban, and wanted them banned, in turn.
attempts to contact peta representatives for a response went in vain.
we had young boys from in and around mumbai, and parts of western maharashtra, including pune, participate in todays protest.
in the coming week, massive bike rallies in support of lifting of the ban will be taken out in pune.
our demand is that the ban should be lifted in the state, said rajeshwar doke, a supporter.
nilesh raundar, another supporter, said, the sc has deferred a final decision on the ban.
we are awaiting scs final order.
earlier on saturday, shiv senas member of parliament shivaji adhalrao patil held a rasta roko agitation in pune.
he has demanded intervention of chief minister devendrafadnavis in the matter.
if the ordinance of tamil nadu gets cleared, the maharashtra government should also immediately clear this.
the chief minister must intervene, patil said.
the sena mp even fired a sharp volley at the bjp.
since coming to power at the centre, the bjp has done nothing to restore the tradition.
patil even threatened to organised more protests.
firing another barb at the bjp.
patil alleged that the sc had deferred a decision on the matter in light of the centres request.
in the last lap of his campaign for the bypolls in the palghar lok sabha constituency, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday warned his political rivals against intimidating voters.
addressing a huge gathering of party workers in vasai, fadnavis said he had received complaints that voters were being threatened by the bjps political rivals with water and electricity disconnections and demolition of their houses.
maharashtra will be governed by the rule of law and there will be no tolerance for goonda raj, he said.
in 2015, the government had taken a decision to regularise the illegal constructions in the region to provide relief to the poor and middle-class people.
however, the guidelines also ensured that those responsible for illegal constructions would not be spared, he added.
the candidates in the fray are rajindra gavit (bjp), shrinivas wanaga (shiv sena), baliram jadhav (bahujan vikas aghadi) and damodar singhda (congress).
a scene from farmers protest in madhya pradesh (express photo) a scene from farmers protest in madhya pradesh (express photo)in the last week of may, a whatsapp message from maharashtra, with details of the impending farmers protest there, began doing the rounds in mandsaur district of madhya pradesh.
the local administration and the districts elected representatives paid little heed, not even when farmers in mandsaur stopped going to mandis.
even when the protests in maharashtra escalated, with a seven-day agitation choking supplies to major markets, things seemed relatively calm in mandsaur and its adjoining district of neemuch.
only they werent.
on june 6, five days after the unrest began simmering in madhya pradesh, five people were killed in police firing when protesters tried to storm the pipalia mandi police station in mandsaur, following the death of a farmer in nearby bahi village.
in both states, the bjp-led governments scrambled to contain the damage.
in madhya pradesh, shivraj singh chouhan held a meeting of his krishi cabinet (a cabinet sub-committee to deal with agriculture), a day after the deaths and announced, among other things, a loan settlement scheme for defaulting farmers, a commission to fix a price formula for crops and the setting up of a rs 1,000-crore price stabilisation fund.
the agitations were primarily along two belts  nashik-ahmednagar-pune extending to satara-sangli-kolhapur in maharashtra, and ratlam-mandsaur-neemuch in madhya pradesh  both home to relatively prosperous farmers.
in both stretches, apart from the usual wheat and soybean grown in these parts, farmers grew spices such as methi (fenugreek), dhaniya (coriander) and ajwain (caraway) in ratlam-mandsaur-neemuch, and grapes, onions in maharashtras nashik-kohlapur belt.
the spark for the protests was a crash in crop prices, caused partly due to bumper production but more so due to demonetisation-induced liquidity crunch in produce markets.
in mandsaur, for instance, ajwain prices, which peaked at rs 17,500 per quintal in 2016, are now down to rs 5,600-rs 7,500.
across the border in nashik, onions, which were rs 800 a quintal last year, traded at an average of rs 450 this rabi season.
in maharashtras marathwada region, a focal point of the states agrarian distress but which was relatively calmer in the recent crisis, chandrakant kshirsagar, 45, is a rare sarpanch who admits he attended a farmers protest march in jalna rather reluctantly.
i have incurred losses worth rs 15 lakh.
but i am opposed to any blanket loan waiver scheme  i feel irritated that many who deliberately dont repay loans in anticipation of a waiver are in the same basket as those of us who always pay.
kshirsagar is sarpanch of jalnas kadwanchi village, home to a hugely successful watershed development programme that has led farmers to opt for water-intensive grapes.
this years produce was excellent, but markets were saturated with produce, says kshirsagar.
when kadwanchis grape-growers began to sell in january and february, prices were rs 35 to rs 40 a kilo.
by april, when kshirsagar had to sell 400 quintals, he couldnt get more than rs 20 a kg for his best fruit.
kshirsagar says the government should have been paying closer attention when the tur crisis began.
two quintals of his tur went for rs 4,000, when the msp was rs 5,050.
and that was top quality tur, he adds.
we were all encouraged to go for tur, right?
so why was the government not buying at the promised prices?
he asks.
the sarpanch of wadikalya village, dr srihari kale, says the anger among small and marginal farmers of his village can be traced back to the months following demonetisation.
in february, kale, a practising doctor in sukhapuri village of ambad tehsil in jalna, sold pulses from his 20-acre land at huge losses.
the effects of the note ban still fresh then, the cash-and-carry business at mandis was ruled by traders.
farmers needed cash, and traders were paying cash if we were willing to settle for lower rates, he says.
some of the farmers willingness to engage in the week-long strike is explained by that festering discontent, says anil mahajan, a farmer and local journalist in dharur taluka of maharashtras beed district.
atms are mostly not functioning even now.
so the pressure on poor farmers, who depend on weekly markets for cash during this season, is immense, says mahajan.
in mandsaur and neemuch too, many of the farmers the sunday express spoke to directed their anger at traders, alleging that they bought produce at low rates only to sell to the government at msp.
while government agencies throw the rule book at us and refuse to buy, citing lack of quality, traders face no such problem, says jagdish vishwakarma, a farmer from barkheda panth in mandsaur.
the famers believe that demonetisation gave traders the upper hand.
in pipliya mandi, where the five men were killed, traders and shopkeepers refused to down shutters in response to the farmers bandh call.
we wanted to ensure supply of milk and vegetables and keep other shops closed for people to feel the pinch and understand our agony, but the traders refused.
we begged them, but they said, do what you want, says jagdish.
in hilly, drought-prone dharur, small farmers sell milk and khowa in the bi-weekly market, each farmer bringing 2 or 3 kg of khowa that fetches rs 130 to rs 150 per kg.
this mondays weekly market was shut and hundreds of farmers saw their khowa spoil, others sold at less than one third of the usual price.
they cannot get loans from the bank, the krishi-stores no longer give seeds or fertiliser on credit, and the little cash that comes home also dried up this week, rues mahajan, the farmer-journalist.
worse, in dharur, as in many talukas across marathwada, the 2016 kharif crop insurance payouts are still being disbursed, the delay rendering hundreds of farmers unable to start sowing without resorting to approaching private money-lenders.
it is these money lending practices, says sangeeta shroff of punes gokhale institute of politics and economics, that maharashtras proposed loan waiver does not address.
what we need from the government is good quality inputs, irrigation, creation of non-farm employment and a more holistic development of the rural sector, she says.
besides, there are questions being raised on the soundness of loan waiver economics.
in june 2009, researchers from gokhale institute collected data from 120 families in vidarbha, ground zero of what was then already an epidemic of farmer suicides.
the families were beneficiaries of the 2006 prime ministers rehabilitation package for farmers in suicide-prone districts of andhra pradesh, karnataka, kerala and maharashtra.
by all accounts, the 2006 package was a comprehensive, broad-based set of schemes addressing farmers ability to borrow afresh, undertake watershed development and rainwater harvesting, adopt micro-irrigation methods, supplement their farm incomes with livestock rearing or other activities, access quality seeds and more.
but while productivity jumped in the immediate post-implementation years of 2006-07 and 2007-08, the next year was a drought year, leading to the inevitable reversals.
a rs 30,000 crore loan waiver is not the solution.
the next year could be a drought year and farmers will once again find they are unable to repay loans, says shroff.
the impact on rural credit, in the long term, will also be affected by the waiver, says devidas tuljapurkar, joint secretary of the all india bank employees association.
while in the immediate short term, the npas of banks will be closed and fresh finance to borrowers will be possible, in the long term, the recovery climate will be vitiated and the entire banking system will be in a crisis, says tuljapurkar.
first the big borrowers were defaulting, and now the farm loan waivers.
(source: file photo)the state governments decision, in a special cabinet meeting, to sanction rs 9,291 crore for irrigation projects is likely to bring 1,13,959 hectares under irrigation in drought-prone marathwada.
completion of these irrigation projects is estimated to help more than 30 lakh farmers.
all eight districts of marathwada latur, osmanabad, nanded, beed, jalna, hingoli, parbhani and aurangabad  are drought prone.
watch video |the approval of funds for three projects, lower dudhna (rs 819 crore), nandur madhmenshwar (rs 894 crore) and krishna valley development corporation phase i (rs 4800 crore) account for rs 6,513 crore.
while lower dudhna and nandur madhmeshwar works is likely to be completed in two years, kvdc phase i will take four years to yield optimum results.
other projects include urdva painganga worth rs 1730 crore and 38 pending projects worth rs 1048 crore to be completed in two years.
the special development package for marathwada laid special emphasis on enhancing irrigation potential in the drought-prone region.
it has evolved district wise model of water conservation to tackle drought and increase irrigation.
apart from three mega projects, 36,500 private wells and 25,000 farm ponds will work to farmers advantage.
citing an example, he said, at hingoli, we found that water table is comparatively better.
instead of planning irrigation projects, it was felt that promoting wells for irrigation would help farmers better.
as a result we have sanctioned 10,000 irrigation wells.
the nimma dudhna irrigation project work in selu taluka in parbhani included under the prime ministers sinchan yojna (pmsy) will be completed by 2018.
the districts of jalna and parbhani will benefit the most as 34,438 hectares of land will come under irrigation.
the study shows that irrigation potential would stretch upto 53,379 hectares.
apart from agriculture, the project will help industries and fisheries in the districts, and enhance supply of drinking water.
according to an irrigation official, the nimma dudhna has remained incomplete with massive cost overrun since ten years.
more than a decade ago, the project cost was rs 1,025.
78 crore.
despite cost revision, it remained incomplete.
at present the total project cost works to rs 2,341.
67 crore.
the chief minister warned that the project should be completed within the given time line and there should be no thin spreading of resources.
nandur madhmeshwar irrigation project under godavari irrigation development corporation, will bring 45,576 hectares of land under irrigation.
it includes 1716 hectares in nashik district, 1562 hectares in ahmednagar (western maharashtra) and 42,298 hectares in aurangabad.
the project at rs 1344.
29 crore was given approval in 2002-03 at rs 866 crore.
however, despite financial investments during the previous congress-ncp government, it remained incomplete and non-operational.
at a special cabinet meeting, the chief minister indicated that irrigation projects would be accorded the highest priority.
the krishna valley irrigation corporation phase i, for which rs 4800 crore have been sanctioned, will help beed and osmanabad districts.
the project, which would be completed in four years, will bring 25,798 hectares under irrigation in osmanabad and 8147 hectares in beed.
drinking water problems of nine talukas covering 288 villages will be resolved.
b'the bharatiya janata party will display its strength at the grassroots at the maha rally convened on its foundation day on april 6 at the bandra kurla complex in mumbai.
maharashtra will be the partys epicentre, where plans are under way for a mammoth rally.
the partys foundation day will be dedicated to the karyakartas.
the partys decision to dedicate the foundation day to its workers comes at a time when the bjp is in power at the centre and 21 states.
but the larger agenda is to galvanise the grassroots workers, keeping in mind both the organisational and electoral challenges ahead in 2019.
almost three lakh workers from the booth level across 40,913 villages spread across 36 districts of maharashtra will converge in mumbai on friday.
the party has organised 28 special trains to bring the workers.
buses and cars also have been deployed to bring them.
party president amit shah and fadnavis will address the rally.
all union ministers who hail from maharashtra will attend the function.
bjp state president raosaheb danve said, our emphasis is on booth-level workers.
we have 90,000 booths across the state.
each booth has a team comprising 10-20 workers.
the bjp was founded on april 6, 1980.
its first conclave was held the same year at bandra reclamation in mumbai.
it was at this venue that former prime minister a b vajpayee, in his speech, had said, andhera chatega, suraj niklega, kamal khilega.
translated means, the darkness will disappear, sun will rise, lotus will bloom.
a senior bjp functionary, who requested anonymity, said, after the grand success in the 2014 parliamentary elections, we have completed four years.
being the party in power, we will have to get ready for new challenges emerging from political rivals.
on the foundation day, the party should relook its journey for more than three decades and also be mindful of the tasks ahead, he added.
in the context of maharashtra, another bjp leader said, whether it was municipal corporation, municipal council, zilla parishad or panchayat elections, the party retained its leading status the foundation day has provided the bjp a forum to showcase its strength and mobilise its cadre.
on thursday evening, shah will arrive in mumbai.
a bike rally from mumbai airport to bandra has been planned, mumbai party president ashish shelar said.
on friday, shah will address the workers at bkc.
it will be followed by a closed door meeting with mlas and mps.
the party has organised the stay of workers at various points across kurla, bandra, cst.
volunteers have been assigned the task of looking after their food and other logistics.
the project, located at bandipore in north kashmir, envisages diversion of water of kishan ganga river to underground power house through a 23.
25-km-long head race tunnel to generate 1713 million units per annum.
the project, located at bandipore in north kashmir, envisages diversion of water of kishan ganga river to underground power house through a 23.
25-km-long head race tunnel to generate 1713 million units per annum.
the world bank has said it could not reach an agreement with pakistan to address its concerns regarding the indus waters treaty with india after two-days of talks here, days after india inaugurated the kishanganga hydroelectric project in jammu and kashmir.
a high-powered pakistani delegation led by attorney general ashtar ausaf ali met with world bank chief executive officer devendrafadnavis and other senior officials on monday and tuesday.
during the meetings, held at pakistans request to discuss issues regarding the indus waters treaty and opportunities within the treaty to seek an amicable resolution, several procedural options for resolving the disagreement over the interpretation of the treatys provisions were discussed, the bank said.
while an agreement on the way forward was not reached at the conclusion of the meetings, the world bank will continue to work with both countries to resolve the issues in an amicable manner and in line with the treaty provisions, the bank said in a statement at the end of the talks.
the delegation of the government of pakistan also shared with the bank their concerns about the recent inauguration of the kishanganga hydroelectric plant, the statement said.
last week, prime minister narendra modi inaugurated the 330 mw kishanganga hydroelectric project in jammu and kashmir.
pakistan had protested the inauguration claiming that the project on a river flowing into pakistan will disrupt water supplies.
the embassy of pakistan here did not immediately respond to questions related to the world bank meeting.
the indus waters treaty is a profoundly important international agreement that provides an essential cooperative framework for india and pakistan to address current and future challenges of effective water management to meet human needs and achieve development goals, the bank said.
as a signatory to the indus waters treaty, the world banks role is limited and procedural, it noted.
in particular, the role in relation to differences and disputes is limited to the designation of people to fulfil certain roles when requested by either or both parties, the bank said.
at the conclusion of the talks, the world bank said it remained committed to act in good faith and with complete impartiality and transparency in fulfilling its responsibilities under the treaty, while continuing to assist the two countries.
the world bank did not respond to a question if it approached india on pakistans allegations.
islamabad had been raising objections over the design of the 330 mw kishanganga hydroelectric project, saying it is not in line with the criteria laid down under the indus waters treaty between the two countries.
but, india says the project design was well within parameters of the treaty.
the project, located at bandipore in north kashmir, envisages diversion of water of kishan ganga river to underground power house through a 23.
25-km-long head race tunnel to generate 1713 million units per annum.
the kishanganga project was started in 2007 but on may 17, 2010, pakistan moved for international arbitration against india under the provisions of the indus waters treaty.
the hague-based international court of arbitration allowed india in 2013 to go ahead with construction of the project in north kashmir and upheld indias right under the bilateral indus waters treaty to divert waters from the kishanganga for power generation in jammu and kashmir.
the international court, however, decided that india shall release a minimum flow of nine cubic metres per second into the kishanganga river (known as neelam in pakistan) at all times to maintain environmental flows.
cm wants metro by dec 2019, activists say work during monsoon will inconvenience mumbaikars cm wants metro by dec 2019, activists say work during monsoon will inconvenience mumbaikarswith a december 2019 deadline in mind, as wished by chief minister devendrafadnavis , the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) has started work on barricading a 1-km stretch at three places along the route, right in the middle of the monsoon, though this is expected to inconvenience commuters and motorists in the western suburbs.
called the metro-7 corridor, this elevated line will run from andheri (east) to dahisar (east) along the western express highway (weh).
mmrda officials said that the majority of the alignment falls on the west side of weh, which has been the most pothole-ridden arterial stretch in the city.
it would have been appropriate to start the work after monsoon.
since it is fadnavis vision to complete the project by december 2019, every single day is important to us.
so we have started work now, said additional metropolitan commissioner pravin darade.
he added that the mega-project would relieve traffic congestion on the weh as nearly 70,000 passengers were expected to travel in one direction in one hour along this route.
it is equivalent to more than 50 lanes of vehicular traffic, darade said.
he added that people in the far western suburbs were advised to start their day half an earlier than they usually did, during the period of the work.
he claimed that there would be no traffic diversion during the first phase of barricading at the three places but the work would affect traffic on service roads and slip roads.
the mmrda has started the work of barricading the stretches from hub mall to the beginning of aarey flyover, saibaba temple, pathanwadi, to pushpa park and metro mall to devipada.
the work is likely to take at least 10 to 12 days.
after assessing the response to this phase, we will decide further barricading.
the actual diversion of traffic will come into effect at a later stage.
the service roads and slip roads will be used for the barricading and excavation works to minimise inconvenience to commuters.
also, we will not allow parking on such roads, said darade, adding, the full-fledged work would start mid-september.
the work will be carried out in two shifts but the launching of girders will be strictly carried out at night.
we will also provide additional lanes to the traffic during the peak hours.
the mmrda has agreed to provide more traffic wardens to regulate the traffic, said milind bharambe, joint commissioner of police (traffic).
the best has agreed to provide more air-conditioned buses during the construction of the metro-7 corridor and the western railway is assessing requests to run more services on the stretch.
in all, 247 residential and commercial structures to be affected by the proposed metro stations will be rehabilitated under the mumbai urban transport project (mutp) policy.
meanwhile, two more metro lines  d n nagar to mankhurd and wadala to thane  are likely to get the state cabinets approval in the next 15 days, said an mmrda official.
activists, meanwhile, slammed the mmrda for starting the work in the middle of the monsoon.
the mmrda is talking about the chief ministers vision.
dont we, mumbaikars, have a vision for the city?
we want pothole-free roads.
if they are hurrying, it is going to inconvenience the mumbaikars who are paying taxes.
what is more important  the cms vision or the mumbaikars comfort?
said shyama kulkarni of apna mumbai abhiyaan, a coalition of 40 ngos advocating an underground metro rail line.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file)taking a dim view of clashes in maharashtras aurangabad district that claimed two lives, the shiv sena on monday dubbed it as a communal and pre-planned act of violence.
it rapped the state home department, headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis , over the security lapses and failing to appoint a police commissioner for the city which is considered a highly sensitive area.
two persons  a 65-year-old man and a 17-year-old boy  were killed in clashes on friday night between groups of two communities over illegal water connections in the city, located in the marathwada region.
it is clear that the riots were communal and not some clashes between two groups.
the way petrol bombs were used within the first 15 minutes of riots is enough to conclude that it was pre-planned attack, the sena in an editorial in party mouthpiece saamana.
the post of the commissioner of police in aurangabad has been lying vacant since some time, despite the city being one of the highly sensitive areas in the state, it noted.
it is a failure of the home department headed by the chief minister.
or is it because the chief minister wants a pro-bjp ips officer to be appointed there?
it wondered.
according to the police, the violence also left more than 60 people, including police personnel, injured.
around 100 shops were also set on fire and more than 40 vehicles destroyed.
sources earlier said tension was brewing up in aurangabads moti karanja area for the last few days as the municipal corporation was carrying out a drive against illegal water connections.
it got a communal colour when an illegal water connection at a place of worship in the area was removed, they said.
the sena mocked the reasons that have come to light  like drive against illegal water connections, a quarrel over an exchange of mobile phone at a garage, removal of illegal paan shops, and the alleged beating of a customer who complained to a shop owner for selling rotten mangoes  for the possible trigger behind the violence.
such incidents should not be the cause of riots, the bjps bickering ally said, adding that the riots are a proof of the collapse of the security agencies network.
the marathi daily said the image of maharashtra was already dented by the koregaon-bhima violence in pune district, where dalits were targeted on january 1 this year.
besides, there were two major incidents of double murders in ahmednagar (of two shiv sena leaders and as many ncp workers last month) and still the chief minister claims the situation is under control, the sena quipped, adding that the high-powered committees set up for probe in such cases were of no use.
the rioters set ablaze the entire shahganj peth (a market area in aurangabad).
hundreds of houses and several vehicles were set on fire or damaged and a senior citizen lost his life.
how come some people act so blatantly?
, it asked.
it looks like the law and order does not exist in maharashtra, the sena said.
during the koregaon-bhima violence, no policeman opened fire or baton-charged the rioters.
on the other hand, in the absence of a police commissioner, the cops in aurangabad fired at the mob, it said, adding that this was suspicious.
we are not interested in whether it was a communal riot or not.
it is the states responsibility to find out why the violence happened.
but, the incident has shown that certain areas in the city are equipped for such riots, the sena publication said.
over the last few months, concerned about his political future, former ncp mla vaibhav pichad engaged in emotional conversations with supporters and friends as he considered what would have been once unthinkable to him  leave the party that he believed he would spend the rest of his life in.
advertisingafter weeks of hushed conversations and secret meetings, pichad became a part of the current migration that is reshaping the political map of maharashtra.
the trend began before the lok sabha elections, but picked up speed after the bjp gained pole position in the parliamentary elections, on the way, routing congress and ncp in the state.
pichad is among the dozen-odd leaders from congress and ncp, including seven mlas who have jumped ship, to join bjp and sena.
and if senior bjp minister girish mahajan, who is said to have played a key role in some of these defections, is to be believed, 50 congress and ncp legislators have shown their willingness to jump ship.
targeting winners, strongholds, strike ratewhile opposition leaders, fearing a long wait for a return to power, are casting around for greener pastures, the paradox is that despite looking strong, allies bjp and shiv sena, too, are in the market actively looking for electables from the opposition.
advertisingseveral reasons are driving bjp and shiv senas great defector hunt.
one, the alliance notwithstanding, their one-upmanship with each other has set off a race on who can import more winning defectors, to ensure they have a better strike rate than the other.
two, for maximum dominance, they are looking for defectors in areas that are not their strongholds, in the process also destroying opposition bastions and morale in these areas.
and three, in case the two partners decide to go it alone, an eventuality that is not ruled out despite their periodic reiteration of their alliance, they will each need winners from across the state.
maharashtra parties are entrenched in certain geographical regions.
the ncp is a western maharashtra party.
of its total 41 mps, over 19 hail from this region.
the bjp has a strong base in vidarbha with more than a third (44) of its 122 mlas hailing from the region.
the sena, meanwhile, has strong roots in the mumbai-konkan belt with less than half (28) its total 63 mlas winning from this region.
the import of vaibhav pichad and his father madhukar pichad into the bjp was the partys desire to deepen inroads into ahmednagar district.
of the districts 12 assembly constituencies, the bjp has five, the ncp and congress three each, and the sena one.
the bjp had earlier successfully wooed and won senior congress leader radhakrishna vikhe-patil.
these two defections have put the bjp on very strong grounds in the district, and in turn blown a hole through the two opposition parties there.
defectors are candid that the pull of power was greater than ideology.
there were offers from both parties (bjp and shiv sena).
however, looking at the work undertaken by chief minister devendrafadnavis and his commitment in fulfilling promises, i believe that joining the bjp will ensure the development of my constituency, vaibhav said.
another region that the bjp has targeted is navi mumbai.
it is making a serious attempt there to dent ncps domination.
while there are only two assembly seats in the city, the clout and prestige of controlling mumbais satellite city is enormous.
winning over ncp mla sandeep naik will give the bjp a major fillip in taking control of navi mumbai.
it will give the bjp a toehold in thane district, which is an unbreached sena bastion.
naiks father ganesh naik is a political heavyweight and though he is yet to quit the ncp, he has blessed his sons entry into bjp.
similarly, in the sugar belt of western maharashtra, which has long been a power centre in state politics, the bjp has managed to wean away shivendraraje bhosale, the ncp mla from satara and a descendent of king chhatrapati shivaji.
it pulled this off by successfully exploiting the tension between shivendraraje and his cousin, udayanraje bhosale, the ncp mp from satara.
the party is expecting more defections from the region in the coming few months.
on july 31, as chief minister devendrafadnavis was inducting four opposition mlas into the bjp, girish mahajan, a close aide of the cm, was seen rushing out of garware hall.
sources said that mahajan had just then received a call from a senior opposition leader who was keen on meeting up that day to finalise his own entry.
mahajan has claimed that there are over 50 opposition legislators waiting to join, and the bjp is having a tough time accommodating their requests.
while the bjp portrays a picture of opposition leaders stampeding to its doors, the party leadership is out shopping too for the right imports.
more than anything else, it is a tactical ploy to demoralise the opposition further.
it is about reducing their fighting efficiency, said a senior bjp minister.
while most leaders have been in touch with the ruling party for close to a year, the defections are being engineered on the eve of elections to inflict maximum damage to the other side, he added.
fadnavis is hoping to reap electoral benefits after successfully clearing the legal hurdles to the award of reservation to the maratha community in the state.
the induction of shivendraraje will further consolidate bjps position in the community and hurt the ncp, which is seen as a largely maratha party.
shiv sena, meanwhile, is poaching leaders to enter frontiers where it has no foothold.
the reason for inducting ncps jaydutt kshirsagar was done to gain a foothold in beed.
the induction of ncps sachin ahir into the sena, on the other hand, is to smoothen the entry of shiv sena scion and yuva sena chief aaditya thackeray into electoral politics from worli, once represented by ahir.
quid pro quos, phone calls and walk-inssenior ministers girish mahajan and chandrakant patil had been asked to open up channels of communications with opposition legislators.
the two ministers hold the portfolios of water resources and revenue, entailing frequent interaction with opposition mlas who wanted works sanctioned in their constituencies.
relationships formed then were transactional.
both sides hoped to gain something from the deal.
the bjp also used recently inducted defectors to reach out to those who were sitting on the fence.
former congress leader radhakrishna vikhe-patil, a recent entry into the bjp, is said to have played a key role in ensuring the defection of the pichad father-son duo who hail from vikhe-patils home district of ahmednagar.
some have also taken a direct route in approaching ruling party bosses.
sachin ahir is said to have dropped an sms to aditya thackeray, welcoming him to electoral politics after rumours started circulating that the sena scion wanted to contest elections.
the sms and a chance meeting between ahir and the thackeray clan at a popular eatery is said to have laid the ground for ahirs induction into the shiv sena.
ncp leader sharad pawar has alleged that bjps harassment is behind the defections, and said leaders were being threatened with legal action and probes if they did not defect, an accusation hotly denied by fadnavis.
new homes, new warsthe defections will no doubt hurt the congress and ncp in the assembly elections.
since the lok sabha elections, ncp mlas jaydutta kshirsagar and pandurang warora have joined the sena.
the bjp has seen two congress mlas, radhakrishna vikhe-patil and kalidas kolambkar, and three ncp mlas  vaibhav pichad, sandip naik and shivendraraje bhosale  join the party.
senior leaders from these parties privately admitted that the outgoing trend had adversely hit the morale of the rank and the file.
maharashtra congress president balasaheb thorat claimed that the defections will create space for a new leadership, and ncps national spokesperson nawab malik said that those defecting were not confident of their own victory.
but they are are drawing comfort from the inevitable intra party competition that the new entrants will trigger in bjp and sena.
alarm bells have already started ringing in areas like akole taluka in ahmednagar and in navi mumbai where old hands are complaining.
manda mhatre, bjps sitting legislator from belapur, has publicly spoken out against the move to induct the naik family in the bjp.
the bjp claimed that all its leaders will fall in line for the larger good of the party.
whatever is being done is a well thought out process that has been charted by the party bosses.
this is for the larger good of the party.
dissent is normal but i assure you that in the coming few days, you will see all party workers working unitedly for the greater good of the party, mahajan said.
a public push back from sena has stalled the much talked about return of its prodigal chagan bhujbal and his son, now the leading lights of the ncp.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)with the opposition, along with ally shiv sena, turning up the heat on the bjp-led state government over farm loans, chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday said a finance secretary had been deputed to study the waiver model in uttar pradesh.
the congress-ncp-sena demand for writing off the loans has received fresh impetus after the bjp government in uttar pradesh waived its farmers debts on tuesday.
my government is positive about loan waiver at an appropriate time.
we want to study how up has brought about the waiver, fadnavis said in the state legislature.
with political rivals increasingly pushing it to a corner on the issue, the government is struggling to balance out the economics of the waiver, if it is forced into it.
the government will have to shell out rs 1.
14 lakh crore for total crop loan relief to benefit 1.
08 lakh farmers across maharashtra.
seen against the states overall budget of rs 2.
57 lakh crore, of which committed and essential expenditure is rs 1.
77 lakh crore, the waiver will mean only rs 0.
80 crore is left for other expenses, which is financially near-impossible.
the rs 1.
77 lakh crore committed/essential expenditure that cannot be tampered with includes salaries/pensions of rs 1.
40 lakh crore; state-centre driven projects in various sectors worth rs 34,000 crore; loan repayments/ interests of rs 28,000 crore and allocations to local bodies amounting to rs 11,000 crore.
an official in the maharashtra government said preliminary reports from uttar pradesh officials seem to indicate that there was no concrete economic model to adequately back up their declaration of loan waiver.
however, the move has increased the fadnavis governments difficulties.
the last three loan waivers in maharashtra, by the congress-ncp governments, together have not extended rs 25,000 crore.
the fadnavis government has been trying to get around announcing a waiver by stressing on how it has already made investments of rs 26,000 crore through various irrigation and agriculture schemes to help farmers.
the issue is also how to go about the loan waiver, if the government does cave in to its political rivals demand.
according to government data, there are a total of 1.
08 lakh farmers who have taken crop loans worth rs 1.
14 lakh crore in the state.
but these farmers are repaying their loan installments regularly.
there are 31.
57 lakh farmers with an outstanding debt of rs 30,500 crore who are out of crop loan credit category.
it includes 24.
92 lakh small and marginal farmers whose debt amount is rs 23,837 crore.
now, unless their debt is wiped out, these farmers will not be entitled to seek fresh crop loans from financial institutions.
however, the cm has said that if the state were to favour these 31.
57 lakh farmers and pull them from their debt, those repaying loans regularly would feel discriminated against, and hence some incentives would have to be extended to them too.
financially, whether the loan waived off is rs 30,500 crore or rs 1.
14 lakh crore, the move looks impossible without the centre stepping in.
chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday announced the extension of metro railway projects to airport and meera bhayandar for seamless travel along the eastern and western suburbs of the city.
the decision to extend the services, along with the ongoing metro 7 and metro 2 a projects, comes ahead of the mira-bhayander municipal corporation elections scheduled in the next couple of months.
at a debate on urban development, a portfolio fadnavis himself holds, he laid stress on metro as the future mode of transportation, essential both in terms of easing congestion and being environment friendly.
the eight-corridor metro project worth rs 81,992 crore is spread across 174 km and it would be extended to 200 km in future.
the decision to extend the metro service to mira-bhayander and airport was taken to provide better transport services to mumbaikars, fadnavis said.
he added that the eight corridors would be interconnected.
while the versova-andheri-ghatkopar service is operational, the other projects are in various stages.
five projects are under construction and metro 5 and 6 have already been approved.
stating that the government was determined to expedite the metro network, the chief minister said: apart from providing a much-needed breather to commuters, it will help reduce carbon foot prints.
sharing the findings of a scientific study on metro, he said: one metro rail service produces the same impact as six lakh fully-grown trees in negating carbon foot prints.
chief minister also approved rs 6976.
50 crore for mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda).
b'union minister for surface transport and shipping nitin gadkari addresses the valedictory session of badalta maharashtra conclave in mumbai on friday.
vasant prabhu union minister for surface transport and shipping nitin gadkari addresses the valedictory session of badalta maharashtra conclave in mumbai on friday.
vasant prabhuunion minister for surface transport and shipping nitin gadkari said friday the negative mindset of the bureaucracy was the biggest hurdle in the way of the countrys development, especially infrastructure growth.
he said political leaders should show courage to overcome this and demonstrate good results.
at the concluding session of the two-day loksatta conclave, badalta maharashtra, gadkari expressed his serious disappointment at the functioning of the bureaucracy.
in his characteristic style, the bjp leader said he knew well how to surmount such hurdles imposed by bureaucrats and to bring them on the right track.
raising money for infrastructure projects in india was not a challenge, considering that the world was willing to fund projects here, he said, adding that it was bureaucratic inertia that was hampering growth.
while it is true that bureaucrats often display a negative approach, it would be futile to put the entire blame on them.
the ability to fast-track decisions should come from political leaders, he said, referring to issues raised by the bureaucracy relating to roads and highway projects.
how to make it possible is their responsibility, he said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis too has been critical of late of the bureaucracy in the state.
prime minister narendra modi had also told a meeting of senior secretaries of his government, soon after taking over in 2014, that there was a need to do away with archaic rules and practices, signalling to them that it was time to change some rules.
gadkari said there were provisions in government rules that allowed for overruling dissent notes put up by bureaucrats on certain policy issues.
however, he added, many ministers were not aware of such rules, or lacked the courage to take such decisions.
however, gadkari said, decisions on policy issues in public interest could be taken in a transparent manner without any delay or hesitation.
in a span of five years, i will complete road projects of rs 7 lakh crore across the country.
if i fail to keep my promise, anybody would be free to question me directly.
almost rs 2-lakh-crore road projects would be completed in maharashtra, he said.
outlining project details on road construction, ports and infrastructure, gadkari said, often, mega projects get delayed due to redtape and bureaucratic complacency.
if the political leadership displays courage and adequately support the process of decision making, things can be eased.
often investors are subjected to harassment because of project delays.
it is at this point the role of political leadership is crucial.
recalling his experience, gadkari said as many as 384 mega projects worth rs 3.
8 lakh crore were on hold when he took charge of the surface transport ministry.
the projects were struck due to huge arrears and loans, which remained unpaid to banks.
but after tackling the problems, almost all the projects have been streamlined.
the infrastructure projects led to creation of employment.
there is no shortage of funds.
but what is important is ability of the political leaders to overcome the problems and effectively implement the projects, he said.
speaking at the conclave, congress leader and former chief minister prithviraj chavan listed shortcomings in the smart cities project.
chavan said the project was dotted with multiple discrepancies and fund shortage.
from shortlisting of cities and allocation of funds, there are shortcomings everywhere, he said, wondering how metros like mumbai or kolkata would be able to manage the projects.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed all district guardian ministers to visit drought-hit areas and review the relief work.
(file/representational image)advertisingin the last two days, two state ministers have faced the wrath of farmers, who bombarded them with a volley of complaints about the steps taken by the government in drought-hit areas.
one of the ministers was apparently heckled by angry farmers while another minister had to pacify agitated farmers.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed all district guardian ministers to visit drought-hit areas and review the relief work.
i have directed all guardian ministers to visit drought-affected areas and fodder camps.
they will review the situation and see what else can be done to ensure relief to affected villages, fadnavis had said after a cabinet meeting last week.
after the cms directive, minister for animal husbandry, dairy development and fisheries development mahadev jankar visited jat taluka of sangli district sunday, where he was allegedly heckled.
jankar, however, denied that he was heckled by angry farmers.
advertisingthe farmers placed their demands before me.
and this was interpreted as them heckling me during my visit.
it is not true, he said.
jankar added that the farmers demand would be taken up by the government as the election commission has relaxed the model code of conduct in view of the drought situation.
farmers reportedly asked the minister when cattle camps will be set up in the area, whether frequency of tankers will be increased and their employment problems solved.
jankar said the state cabinet has already issued directives to tackle the water situation in drought-affected talukas.
there have been four proposals for cattle camps in jat taluka.
we have approved two fodder camps.
we have relaxed some of the stringent rules for setting up fodder camps, he said.
the minister said he visited around 20 villages and interacted with farmers.
the farmers made their point.
i heard them all and we are going to do everything possible to meet their demands, he said.
sangli district collector abhijit chaudhary told the indian express that of the 123 villages, 86 in jat taluka are facing severe water scarcity.
we have pressed into service 103 tankers.
of this, 101 are private tankers and two are official tankers, he said.
he added 2,15,130 people have been affected due to the drought.
referring to the demand for cattle camps, the collector said the first camp will be set up in lohegaon area, for which the government has given a green signal.
there were four proposals for setting up cattle camps.
of these, two were from the same lohegaon village.
we will set up one in the village immediately, he said.
chaudhary said the situation regarding providing water to affected villages was under control.
we are taking care of the water needs of the people, he said.
in nashik district, guardian minister girish mahajan was also heckled by angry farmers in sinnar taluka on monday.
after pacifying the agitated farmers, mahajan told journalists that he has asked the district collector to ensure water and fodder in the area on priority.
state congress spokesperson sachin sawant said on tuesday that he had visited beed and ahmednagar districts.
there is lot of anger among villagers and farmers as the government has failed to provide water and fodder.
it shows that the government has no plan to tackle the situation, he said.
advertisingsawant added that the anger among farmers will only grow if the government fails to initiate urgent steps.
the supreme courts order to ban all liquor shops on national and state highways across the country and licenses of existing shops not be renewed after march 31, has prompted a unique demand for diversion of routes of highways that pass through some towns and villages.
the supreme court had on december 15, 2016, ordered a ban on all liquor shops on national as well as state highways across the country and made it clear that licenses of existing shops will not be renewed after march 31 this year.
watch what else is making news:the offices of the national highway division of state public works department as well as national highway authorities of india, have been getting such demands from the villages which are likely to be affected by the court order.
the liquor shops are there since a long time and their business is set with dedicated customers and demand.
suddenly the sc decision has come.
this will not just be revenue loss but a change in local market as not all customers of the shops go on state or national highway and drive recklessly.
it is a pressure tactic by the villagers opposing the decision, said a senior pwd officer, who has been dealing with villagers for construction of national and state highways across the state.
a copy of such demand, passed as a village resolution, is with pti.
some resolutions have cited excuses like traffic congestion, village safety or some religious fair getting affected.
but the real reason is ban on liquor shops, he said.
before the sc took the decision, rest of the things (like traffic congestions, safety issues) were happening from time to time, still there was no objection.
some of the village representatives admitted privately that liquor shop ban has created pressure on them to come up with the demand for diversion of state/ national highway, the officer said.
around 15,000 bars and liquor shops in maharashtra are likely to be closed with the implementation of the sc order.
a delegation of hotel and restaurant operators across the state has also sought intervention of chief minister devendrafadnavis in the matter.
state pwd minister chandrakant patil told pti that there have been some demands from villagers for diverting the state or national highways.
i have been informed about such demands and i have asked the officers to prepare a proper report of the demands.
i am on a state tour and will look into it once i return to mumbai, patil said.
b'an ill wind has blown across the indian political-economic horizon.
the congress, having suffered an existential and humiliating defeat in the 2014 national selection, has decided to hit back with a vengeance typical of the almost-vanquished.
for two years, the congress has been on an obstructionist path, and it will not be unfair to state that a considerable portion of the western elite english media is extraordinarily sympathetic to the congress.
there are historical reasons for this sympathy  the liberal media and the pseudo-liberal congress have been allies since independence  and the alliance has been cemented via a common left-of-centre economic ideology.
this can be easily deduced from the economic icons of the congress and their intellectual comrades  jawaharlal nehru and amartya sen.
one of the reasons why the congress lost so big in 2014 was that india has changed from being a poor economy to a non-poor, emerging-middle-class and middle-class society.
that india was non-poor at the time of the 2014 election is easily established by noting that according to nss data for 2011-12, and the tendulkar absolute poverty line (near identical to the ppp $1.
9 per person per day world bank poverty line), the poor in india accounted for only 12 per cent of the population.
add to this the fact that the nss estimate of average consumption in india, relative to average per capita consumption as revealed by the national accounts (old gdp data!
), was less than 50 per cent.
if for the poor, under-reporting is even half that for the non-poor, then absolute poverty in india in 2011-12 was less than 100 million, or less than 8 per cent of the population.
a tragically high number, but a considerably less potent political force.
the numbers, and the force, have been taken over by the emerging middle class (emc) and the middle class.
india has changed from a poor to a middle-income non-poor society, which is the biggest transformation it has seen in its history, and something that is crucial to understand for intellectuals, policymakers and politicians.
so while the sonia gandhi-led congress was debating about poverty being equal to 800 million in 2013 (two-thirds of the population a la the food security act), the bjp, under narendra modi, was championing the cause of the middle classes (jobs, growth, development), and winning.
as part of this transformation, it is inevitable that there will be elements within the emc whose social and political ideology is not conducive to development, freedom or true liberal values.
hence, the emphasis on illiberal views like ghar wapsi, love jihad, anti-muslim propaganda and condemnation of illiberal students.
but lest we pine for the old liberal order, just a few reminders: the old naam-ke-waste liberals did not support economic freedom in any form and pandered to religious unfreedom by not supporting a common civil code.
what makes the old liberal attitudes particularly nauseating is that they supported the suppression of freedom for women, particularly muslim women.
further, the old liberal congress order was never for economic freedom and, in this, they were ably supported by the left, large elements of the upa, and large elements of the regressive emc housed in the bjp.
let us call the latter, without any exaggeration, the bjps very own home-grown tea party.
thus, while the congress has been obstructionist, the bjp tea party has been more than happy to accommodate the obstruction.
just note the unrelenting sequence of events in this battle between the new wannabe elite and the old established elite.
this especially peaks around election time and then dies soon after.
however, given that we have a series of state elections, the peaks and valleys are frequent.
but since the same nonsense will not have the same appeal, the peaks are punctuated by different issues  ghar wapsi, student suicide and now student demonstrations.
each issue is trumpeted by the media as scaling new heights of intolerance.
part of the congresss policy has been (and on this one must credit them with devilish intelligence): provoke the bjp and lumpen tea party elements will be honour-bound to react with negative absurdity.
and the chain reaction will lead to the bjp being broadly perceived as intolerant, anti-secular, anti-muslim and anti-everything-but-upper-caste-hindu!
a perusal of the newspapers, tv discussions, learned accounts from domestic and foreign intellectuals strongly indicates that this sonia gandhi-led congress and liberal-left strategy has succeeded beyond all expectations.
except, now, it seems that the bjp has finally become wiser or, more accurately, less stupid.
over the last six weeks or so, the top leadership of the bjp has enforced much-needed restraint on lumpen tea party elements.
when, via utter and extreme stupidity, the bjp top brass came in with a sledgehammer to dislodge kanhaiya, the old-style tea party demanded through its agent, kuldeep varshney, a member of the bjps youth wing: i will award rs 5 lakh to the person who [will] cut off kanhaiyas tongue.
hours after he said this, he was expelled for six years.
in earlier times, this hatred would have been ignored by the bjp leadership, if not rewarded.
further, two recent incidents reinforce the belief that the bjp may have finally learnt its lessons.
first, in beefy maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis own assembly, a bjp mla, bhimrao dhonde, questioned the anti-poor credentials of the bjps beef ban by protesting, why should you snatch away the poors meal?
possibly shocked by these liberal developments, the congress severely upped the scale of its provocation.
a senior member of the party, the leader of the congress in the rajya sabha, ghulam nabi azad, taunted the bjp by likening its political associate (and some say its godfather), the rss, to the dreaded islamic state.
so, we oppose organisations like isis, the way we oppose rss.
if those among us, in islam, too do wrong things, they are no way less than rss, azad thundered.
just weigh the import of this statement by weighing in with the counterfactual  what would the congress have done, either today or when they were in control, in 2004-14, if their leader, indira gandhi, had been likened to the is?
clearly, there would have been a furore, as there should be; but why is there no fury in the english media about this most irresponsible and fascist statement uttered by a congress leader?
and now possibly the last straw, and the one that will proverbially break the back of the congresss obstruction movement.
in a pointed reference to the congresss disruptive tactics, modi said the following: we should not engage in irrelevant issues.
we should work on our agenda.
our rivals will try that we remain engaged in irrelevant issues and the governments work is not discussed among the people.
we should move ahead with one mantra: vikas, vikas, vikas.
this is the answer to our countrys all problems and we are working in this direction.
if the bjp stresses both social harmony and vikas, what can the political opposition do to regain relevance?
a day after its mumbai unit chief resigned from the party, the sharad pawar-led ncp suffered another major jolt on friday.
chitra wagh, the ncp state women president, met pawar to offer her resignation.
while she remained unavailable for comment, party sources confirmed the development.
advertisingaccording to sources, wagh is likely to join the bjp in the next few days.
before tendering her resignation, she reportedly held meetings with chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp state president chandrakant patil.
pawar had personally handpicked wagh to lead the partys women wing.
besides wagh, ncp legislator vaibhav pichad, who represents ahmednagars akole assembly seat and is the son of former ncp state president madukar pichad, is also expected to join the bjp on july 30.
the same day, congress wadala mla kalidas kolambkar will also join the ruling party, said sources.
on friday, former congress minister harshavardhan patil, who is a part of the partys election strategy committee for the state polls, also visited fadnavis, accompanied by his daughter ankita, who had recently won a zilla parishad election in punes indapur taluka.
advertisingwhile reports of patil cosying up to the bjp leadership have been doing the rounds for some time, he has been denying plans of a possible switch of sides.
in the 2014 assembly polls, ncps dattatray bharne had defeated patil from indapur.
sources said ncp leader ajit pawar, who is patils sworn political rival, has been opposing a proposal of vacating the seat for patil.
but congress insiders said that attempts are being made to convince patil to stay back.
on july 19, the bjp state chief had hinted at a mass exodus from the opposition camp.
many congress and ncp legislators will be resigning in the coming eight to 10 days.
a number of their mlas are in touch with us.
they will be given entry into our party at the appropriate moment, patil had said.
had the opposition mlas resigned six months before assembly elections, it would have necessitated bypolls, he added.
among sitting legislators, sources said aslam shaikh, sunil kedar, jaykumar gore, gopaldas aggarwal, bharat bhalke, siddharam mhetre (all congress), dilip sopal, shivendraraje bhonsle, avadhoot tatkare, bhaskar jadhav and babanrao shinde (all ncp) are believed to be in touch with negotiators from the two ruling parties.
rattled by the exodus, senior leaders from both congress and ncp, including pawar himself, had been trying to reach out to the disgruntled sections.
but the trend of mass defections continues.
even as the two parties are trying to cobble together a grand opposition alliance, senior leaders admit that the parties are getting smaller and smaller ahead of the state polls.
meanwhile, hitting out at the defectors, ncps national spokesperson nawab malik said, the ones who are leaving are those who do not have the will and the strength to contest an election.
theyve fallen prey to the ruling sides trap and lure.
but their going wont hurt our prospects.
we have alternatives available.
he also fired a barb at the bjp and shiv sena leadership.
poaching of the oppositions legislators only shows they have little faith in the abilities of their own leaders, said malik.
b'every time the train moved ahead, netaji and his supporters kept pulling the chain and the 9.
10 pm devgiri express finally left cst around 10 pm, said a senior railway officer, requesting anonymity.
every time the train moved ahead, netaji and his supporters kept pulling the chain and the 9.
10 pm devgiri express finally left cst around 10 pm, said a senior railway officer, requesting anonymity.
a shiv sena mla and his supporters allegedly held up an express train at the chhatrapati shivaji terminus (cst) in mumbai for almost an hour demanding that he be given a berth of his choice, which caused inconvenience to 2,000 passengers and affected schedule of other trains.
the incident occurred on wednesday night when hemant patil, a legislator from nanded, did not allow devgiri express to depart till 10 pm by repeatedly pulling the chain after he got upset over being alloted a side berth in a second ac coach.
netaji (patil) and his men held up the train for almost an hour, which is a serious offence under the railway act.
every time the train moved ahead, netaji and his supporters kept pulling the chain and the 9.
10 pm devgiri express finally left cst around 10 pm, said a senior railway officer, requesting anonymity.
officers of central railway (cr) have demanded that chief minister devendrafadnavis and maharashtra assembly speaker haribhau bagde act against the public representative.
sena is a member of the ruling bjp-led alliance in maharashtra.
the mla stuck to his demand that he be given a berth of his choice but the officials refused to consider it.
when asked whether cr would constitute an inquiry into the incident, the senior officer shot back and asked, are you saying that we are at fault ?
its netaji (politician) who is at fault, who did not fear law.
why we would constitute an inquiry?
rather our chief minister should constitute an inquiry if he can take cognisance of the inconvenience caused to 2,000 passengers or the assembly speaker should take strict note of mlas conduct, said the officer.
another senior railway officer said, such an act from a public representative, who claims to be serving people, ought to be stopped and penal action against him would definitely set a precedent.
he also said that patils irresponsible behaviour delayed two other long-distance trains, cst-mangalore and siddheshwar express, by 15-20 minutes.
as the assembly session ended, a 2-ac coach had been added to the packed devgiri express, to accommodate the vips departing for their respective constituencies.
the mla could not be reached for comments.
chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday urged officials to keep strict deadlines for projects across departments.
in the last few days, the cm reviewed the progress made in every department in projects related to public welfare including prime minister awas yojna, jalyukta shivar yojna among others.
while asking the municipal corporations and councils across the state to submit at least two proposals for housing to be taken up in urban areas under pmay, he said, a coordinated effort is essential to take every project to its logical end.
procedural delays between planning and execution of the project often defeats its real objective and should not happen, he added.
in a message to district collectors and officials he said,please strictly follow deadlines and work on a mission mode.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis friday said considering the delay in the onset of monsoon, sms advisories have been sent to farmers in the state, asking them not to hurry with kharif sowing and take up the activity as per the rain predictions.
advertisinghe also said that despite less rains last year, the production of food grain was good due to the water conservation works undertaken in the last few years.
fadnavis was talking to reporters here after chairing a state-level kharif review meeting, attended by imd officials, divisional commissioners, collectors, ministers and officials from agriculture, co-operative, animal husbandry departments.
since the monsoon has got delayed, advisories have been sent out in the last three days, in which farmers have been advised not to hurry with sowing operations of cotton, soybean, paddy, sugarcane and take up the activity as per the rain predictions, he said in a press conference.
advertisinghe said five crore smss have been sent to farmers across the state as advisories.
seventy lakh farmers are getting updates and guidance through smss.
we have already issued advisories about delayed sowing and the entire state machinery is ready for the season, he said.
the production of cotton and soybean has been good despite less rains thanks to the water conservation works undertaken in the last few years, he said, adding that agriculture production investment has increased four-fold.
last year, we received 73 per cent rainfall, but we could still maintain good food grain productivity.
in 2012-13, rainfall was 90 per cent and production 128.
62 lakh metric tonnes.
in 2014-15, rainfall was 70 per cent and production was 82.
51 lakh metric tonnes.
in 2018-19, rainfall was 73 per cent and production was 115 lakh metric tonnes, the chief minister said.
the agriculture production is good and the credit goes to agricultural investment and reduction in dependency on rain, fadnavis said.
we have invested around rs 1.
50 lakh crore in agriculture and allied activities  rs 34,000 crore on irrigation, rs 8,900 crore on jalyukt shivar, rs 19,000 crore on loan waiver, rs 14,125 crore for assistance to farmers in natural calamities, rs 16,778 crore on crop insurance, he said.
jalyukt shivar works have been completed in around 22,590 villages, and 1,61,000 farm ponds and 1,72,916 wells have been constructed, he said.
drought mitigation is a challenge and the government is ensuring that by july end, water is made available in adequate quantity to the people.
we have provided a whatsapp number to each district so that complaints can be made on that number and corrective measures are immediately taken, he said.
the chief minister said crop loan is also being made available.
loan waiver is being considered for farmers who are outside the institutional credit system.
loan waiver is not an election issue for us, the chief minister said in response to a question.
so far, 65 lakh farmers in the state have enrolled themselves for pm kisan samman nidhi yojana, he said.
fadnavis said sufficient seeds and fertilisers were available in the state.
advertisingaccording to him, 12,000 agriculture workshops are being organised all over the state to advise farmers regarding soil, moisture and sowing.
b'faced with criticism over delays in disposal of cases by power sector regulator maharashtra electricity regulatory commission (merc), chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday cleared the appointment of retired district judge iqbal bohari and 1985-batch ias officer mukesh khullar as members of the regulatory body.
while bohari was earlier the principal judge at the nagpur family court, khullar was the additional chief secretary, personnel, in the state government.
they will be sworn in on wednesday.
khullar will continue to be on the state governments payroll till his retirement in february 2019.
the positions had been vacant since may after the retirement of senior members deepak lad and aziz khan.
the delay in the appointment had led to pendency in hearings, leading to criticism among consumer organisations.
both lad and khan had recused themselves from fresh hearings in march owing to their impending retirement.
even as chairperson anand kulkarni continued with the hearings, consumer organisations had approached the nagpur bench of the bombay high court challenging the single-member panel hearings.
the bench ordered an interim stay and mandated that at least two members be present for the hearings.
the appointment was delayed further after a division bench of justice j chelameswar and sanjay kishan kaul of the supreme court ordered all states to appoint a judiciary member to their electricity regulatory commissions in april.
it is mandatory that there should be a person of law as a member of the commission, which requires a person, who is, or has been holding a judicial office or is a person possessing professional qualifications with substantial experience in the practice of law, who has the requisite qualifications to have been appointed as a judge of the high court or a district judge, said the bench.
the electricity act also specifies that the commission must have a technical expert among the members.
now, with two former administrative officers and one judiciary member in merc, the regulatory body lacks a technical expert.
earlier, lad was a director with the state electricity distribution company.
senior sources said that the commission may rope in a technical expert in an advisory capacity.
the scrutiny committee headed by energy secretary arvind singh had recommended the names of two retired judges and two bureaucrats for the positions.
sunil porwal, additional chief secretary, industries, was also in the running but since khullar has earlier served as the energy secretary, he got the nod.
chief minister devendrafadnavis at a rally in pimpri chinchwad on thursday.
rajesh stephen chief minister devendrafadnavis at a rally in pimpri chinchwad on thursday.
he also announced that all illegal constructions will be legalised, a issue which has been raging for several years now.
the ncp described the announcements as violation of poll code and said it will take up the issue with state election commission.
watch what else is making newsproducing a copy of the government resolution, the cm said, the gr could not be uploaded on january 11 when it was issued due to technical reasons and after that the poll code came into force.
thats why i am showing you this copy, he told the huge gathering which had turned up at chinchwad.
comparing the penalty tax to sultan kar or a tax levied by ruthless kings centuries back, fadnavis said the ncp government had imposed the tax on hapless citizens.
our government had eased the nightmare of the poor, he said.
the penalty tax waiver will benefit 60,000 residents, he added.
pcmc officials said over rs 250 crore penalty tax is due from citizens which will be a loss to the civic body.
the cm said his government has taken a policy decision to legalise the illegal constructions.
the plan has been submitted to the high court and the government was expecting its approval, he said.
the chief minister, however, added that in future, if anybody carries out illegal constructions, he will face jail term.
ncp was quick to pounce upon the announcements made by cm as violations of poll code.
in the midst of elections, the government cannot announce such policy decisionswe will complain to the state election commission or may even approach the court, said ncp leader yogesh behl.
however bjp president laxman jagtap said the cm produced the copy of gr because some political parties were alleging that the government has not taken any such decision related to penalty tax.
launching bjps poll campaign, cm urged the voters to throw out the corrupt ncp regime.
once we come to power we will launch probes into all the corruption caseswe will not spare anybody, he said, adding that pcmc, which was once a crorepati civic body has been reduced to roadpati due to inefficiency and corruption.
fadnavis said his government has approved the development plan of pune city in less than one year.
however during the ncp-congress regime it remained pending for years for obvious reasonsthey wanted to make money by changing reservations to suit some people, he said.
the cm said in the last two years, his government has approved 70 development plans of civic bodies in maharashtra.
the cm said he was confident that bjp will capture both pmc and pcmc and bring about all round development.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis also appealed to voters across the state to exercise their voting right in order to strengthen democracy.
(source: pti) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis also appealed to voters across the state to exercise their voting right in order to strengthen democracy.
(source: pti)the maharashtra government on saturday announced setting up of a rs 1,000 crore fund for helping manufacturers in defence sector and said it expects an investment of usd 5 billion in this area in the state.
watch what else is in the newsthe fund will support msmes (micro, small and medium enterprises) in the defence sector, he said.
maharashtra is the first state to frame a policy for defence manufacturing after private investment has been allowed, fadnavis said.
the chief minister also announced unveiling of a defence and aerospace policy.
when we presented our draft policy before the investors and manufacturers at the defence and aerospace: make with maharashtra conference here today, their response was positive.
we will finalise it soon after incorporating todays discussions, he said.
they (manufacturers in private sector) made a few suggestions, including one on treating this sector as essential services.
we will take a decision on this demand after consultations with the defence minister, he said.
we have moved a step forward in this sector.
today defence manufacturers got to know about opportunities in maharashtra, fadnavis said.
almost 25 per cent of the total ordnance factories of india are in maharashtra alone, the cm said.
we already have an edge over others, he added.
meanwhile, the defence minister said maharashtras fund to support defence manufacturers would be a game changer.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
pti photo maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
pti photomaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday said bjp will come to power in the civic elections in mumbai on its own.
during an interaction with residents of the cities in the state where elections are to be held later this month, fadnavis said he was confident that bjp will come to power on its own in mumbai and will not need a post-poll alliance with sena.
shiv sena and bjp, ruling alliance partners, could not work out a tie-up for mumbai elections this time.
fadnavis however claimed that seat-sharing was not at the nub of the problem.
bjps demand of `transparency in brihanmumbai municipal corporation led to the rupture, he said.
bjp would not compromise on its manifesto, to be released on tuesday, he said.
on roads in mumbai, the cm said efforts to build sustainable and good quality roads were on.
the state government was working on conducting a scientific study of proposed road works, looking into traffic load, life span, etc.
, he added.
ncp president sharad pawar on wednesday met chief minister devendrafadnavis at his official residence in mumbai to discuss the prevailing drought situation.
the meeting comes days after pawar wrote to the cm over the drought condition and sought time for a meeting with him.
advertisingpawar, in his letter, had urged the government to take necessary steps to alleviate one of the most severe droughts maharashtra is facing since 1972.
he had been touring the drought-hit talukas of the state since polling got over in baramati on april 23.
at the meeting on wednesday, sources said fadnavis listed the measures that has been taken up by the government towards drought mitigation, including providing wheat at rs 2 per kg and rice at rs 3 per kg to all farmers in the 14 worst-hit districts, heavy subsidies for farmers, providing rs 100 per cow and cattle (big animal) in cattle camps and supplying drinking water through tankers based on the 2018 population and not the 2011 census.
ncp spokesperson nawab malik said, pawarsahab had written to fadnavis to highlight the severe drought condition in maharashtra.
he had also sought an appointment with the cm.
advertisingsources said pawar urged fadnavis to look into the demands for water tankers and cattle camps.
he also highlighted the need to provide crop loss compensation to farmers and ensuring that their power supply is not disconnected.
the ncp chief pointed even after implementation of the national food security act, 2013, villagers in drought-hit districts were being deprived of foodgrain.
he also said that rs 90 per animal given in cattle camps was inadequate, said a ncp leader.
on the dhangar community in beed demanding that sheep and goat be given shelter in cattle camps, the cm assured that provisions can be made for the same, he added.
a ncp leader who accompanied pawar said, our leader visited the drought-hit districts.
based on his experience, he wanted to share some issues with cm the meeting was neither related to the lok sabha elections nor aimed at scoring political points.
chief minister devendrafadnavis at the inauguration of the floating restaurant on saturday.
(photo: kevin dsouza) chief minister devendrafadnavis at the inauguration of the floating restaurant on saturday.
(photo: kevin dsouza)after seeking 108 permissions over a span of three years, ab celestial has finally become mumbais first floating restaurant.
the three-storey boat, with three restaurants and a banquet hall, is anchored on the bandra end of the sea link and will now be open to the public.
wb international consultant and ab hospitality have collaborated with maharashtra tourism development corporation.
watch what else is making newsthe boat was earlier launched in 2014 but has been docked at mumbai trust port as it hadnt received all necessary permissions to operate.
environment, road and liquor permissions took the longest, a state official said.
the ground floor of the floatel will be a 24-hour coffee shop where as the first floor will be for banqueting.
the second floor will be a high end lounge bar and the open terrace will be the sky lounge and dining area.
the boat has a capacity of hosing 660 guests.
the food, officials said, is continental and a meal for two persons could cost between rs 3,000 and 5,000, including drinks.
currently, states such as goa, karnataka, kerala, tamil nadu and puducherry already run floating hotels and attract a good number of tourists.
cities like new york, dubai, hong kong and saigon in vietnam, have floating restaurants.
raj thackeray, who met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis at his residence on wednesday, demanded that autorickshaw permits should be only given to those individuals who knew marathi and demanded that the state should come out with a domicile policy on the lines of the jharkhand government.
raj thackeray, who met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis at his residence on wednesday, demanded that autorickshaw permits should be only given to those individuals who knew marathi and demanded that the state should come out with a domicile policy on the lines of the jharkhand government.
with polls to major urban local bodies in the state just around the corner, the maharashtra navnirman sena chief has once again raised the marathi versus non-marathi issue.
raj thackeray, who met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis at his residence on wednesday, demanded that autorickshaw permits should be only given to those individuals who knew marathi and demanded that the state should come out with a domicile policy on the lines of the jharkhand government.
the jharkhand government had recently approved a domicile policy which has strict provisions regarding who can be deemed a domiciled citizen of the state.
the conditions include giving certificates to only those who have their ancestors names in land records or have been living in jharkhand for the past 30 years for reasons of business, jobs and have acquired immovable properties.
maharashtra now offers domicile certificate to individuals who have been living for more than 15 years in the state allowing them access to doles and grants of the government.
the benefits of the state should be received by the citizens of this state.
the opposite seems to be happening with outsiders getting benefits of the houses that the state is providing.
the state government should implement a domicile policy like jharkhand to ensure that the people of maharashtra benefit, said raj thackeray while briefing the media about his meeting with fadnavis on wednesday morning.
the maharashtra government had earlier made the test of marathi language mandatory for all those seeking auto permits.
however, the bombay high courts nagpur bench had put a stop to this.
thackeray said the court should not intervene in all issues related to governance.
we respect the court but it cant intervene in all matters.
the court should have asked state government to take a call.
why is the state and central government there?
it has become a trend that anyone approaches court and takes stay on the governments order, said thackeray.
the mns chief also raised concerns about suspected isis activity in the state.
thackeray, whose party has been hit because of dissensions by its senior leaders in the last 18 months, has been increasingly trying to boost its fortunes.
the bjp too has been prepping up thackeray in what is perceived as an attempt to keep the shiv sena in checkreportedly, the mns had been hoping to benefit because of the rift between the shiv sena and the bjp, however, it has not been able to make a dent in the citys political landscape or in the bjp or senas support base.
this has been blamed on the mercurial leadership of raj thackeray.
he has been able to draw crowds to his rallies but the number has not been able to translate into votes.
bjp will introduce a 3d hologram of the cm through a mobile app.
bjp will introduce a 3d hologram of the cm through a mobile app.
in a bid to replicate the success of using hologram technology during the then prime ministerial candidate narendra modis rallies in 2014, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) will now introduce a three-dimensional hologram of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis through a mobile app.
to reach wider audiences ahead of elections to ten municipal corporations across the state, including mumbai, the app that will be launched later this week will allow users to invite the 3d image of the cm, which will then proceed to deliver a five-minute video message.
conceptualised by hyderabad-based filmmaker mani shankar, who first introduced the idea of 3d holograms in modis campaign for the gujarat assembly elections in 2012, the application built at an approximate cost of rs 35 lakh uses augmented integrated reality.
a user will have to download the invite cm app, which comes with an instructional video.
later this year, the party will launch another version of the 3d hologram, called augmented immersive reality, which will have interactive features too.
watch what else is making newsaccording to shankar, the special aspect of the mobile application is that once downloaded it does not require internet connectivity to function.
the 3d hologram has been created in a stunningly realistic way and people will not be able to tell the difference.
the application needs a marker which helps to understand the spatial layout of the room and embed the image in a three dimensional space.
we have designed the marker to resemble a rangoli to suit the indian sensibility and it can be printed in black and white, he told the the indian express.
users need to print out the marker, place it in their home and then view the 3d hologram through the mobiles camera.
the 3d hologram of fadnavis ji will be life size.
he will give out a five-minute long message.
this first-of-its-kind image is changing the face of election campaigns.
the application will facilitate the idea of inviting the chief minister into everyones homes and they will be able to take pictures with him as well, shankar said.
he added that the application would function on any mobile phone.
we needed to make an application which would work both on low cost and high-end phones.
the app can be downloaded on 2g or 3g speeds.
as long as the phone has a functioning camera, the 3d hologram will appear on the phone, said shankar.
in 2012, the filmmaker made an entry into the guinness book of world records for the most number of simultaneous broadcasts of modis 55-minute long electoral speech at 53 locations in 26 cities of gujarat.
bjp spokesperson shweta shalini said the idea was to ensure that the cm could reach each and every household.
we wanted to give a personalised experience of sharing a moment with the cm and people can summon him in three languages  marathi, english and hindi.
we will launch this application in the election campaign for all 10 corporations and the messages will be customised as per the issues of the individual corporation, she said.
after launch, shalini added, the design of the marker would be advertised in all newspapers and the party workers would visit households of people living in slums and chawls with the printouts of the markers to help people use the application.
the combined opposition in maharashtra has rallied behind raj thackeray after the maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief was summoned by the enforcement directorate (ed).
his party, meanwhile, is planning to put up a show of strength on august 22 with mns workers planning to take a march from raj thackerays residence in dadar till the ed office on the day thackeray presents himself before ed officials.
advertisingmiffed at the ed notice to their party chief, mns workers had announced a bandh in thane district even as some mns leaders had warned the public to step out on the streets of mumbai on august 22 only if required.
if such notices are sent to our leader there are many followers who live raj thackeray who can do anything.
this is what history has suggested in the past as well.
there can be a spontaneous reaction.
people should step out of their homes on august 22 only if there is something really important to take care of, mns leader abhijeet pande had said on monday afternoon.
the partys thane wing had subsequently called for a bandh in thane city on august 22.
however, the party decide to call off the bandh later.
advertisingmns leaders claimed that the decision to withdraw the bandh was taken after raj thackeray directed his cadre to ensure that the public was not inconvenienced.
our president has asked us to ensure that the we do not do anything that would cause inconvenience to the public and hence we are taking back the call for the bandh, mns thane chief avinash jadhav said.
an ed notice dated august 16 has been issued to raj thackeray asking him to present himself before rana banerjee, assistant director, ed, on august 22.
the entire opposition in the state has rallied behind raj thackeray claiming that the notice issued to him reflected the vendetta politics of the bjp government.
the ed notice issued to raj thackeray is a deliberate action by narendra modi and amit shah.
the two are running the government in a dictatorial manner, tearing down democracy.
agencies like the ed, cbi and income-tax are being let loose on anyone who criticises the wrong policies of this government, maharashtra congress president balasaheb thorat said.
the ncp also came out in support of raj thackeray with party leader vidya chavan holding a meeting with the mns chief at his dadar residence.
raj thackeray had raised questions against this government in the lok sabha elections.
this notice has been issued to instill fear in people who take on the government.
if the ruling party targets its opponents this way then it is the responsibility of all opposition parties to stand in solidarity with each other, mumbai ncp president nawab malik said.
while raj thackeray choose not to make a public statement, his wife sharmila said the family had nothing to fear and that the notice had been issued to pressure him, who had been speaking against the government.
this is being done to pressure my husband.
however, he is not the type to get scared.
with elections around the corner this is an attempt to tie him down.
we will, however, attend the inquiry with all the requisite documents as we have nothing to hide, sharmila said.
she claimed the case pertained to 2008 and the thackerays had withdrawn themselves from the deal a long time back.
the mns top brass will meet in mumbai on tuesday to chart the partys future course of action.
the partys thane unit, meanwhile, has called for a bandh on august 22 in thane city.
pm modi is the hitler of new india.
over the past five-six years not a single bjp leader has been investigated by the ed.
we are not afraid of such tactics and we will fight against this dictatorship, mns spokesperson sandeep deshpande said.
the bjp, meanwhile, took a swipe at raj thackeray with senior bjp leader and minister vinod tawde asking him to face the inquiry.
if there is no wrongdoing then no one should have any fear of facing the agencies, tawde said.
i cant say anything on the notice issued by the ed to raj.
i do not know the reason why the notice was issued.
the ed is an independent organisation and the bjp has no control over it, fadnavis said.
the ed is presently probing il&fs groups loan and equity investment on charges of money laundering.
the group had invested rs 860 crore in kohinoor ctnl, a company founded by former maharashtra cm manohar joshis son unmesh joshi, which is building a skyscraper in central mumbai.
il&fs had invested rs 225 crore in the company but had surrendered its share in 2008 at less than half the cost.
after that il&fs had extended further loans to kohinoor, which it had failed to repay.
in 2005, joshis son along with il&fs and raj thackeray-owned matoshree construction jointly bid for the ntcs kohinoor mill, buying the 4.
8-acre property for rs 421 crore.
raj thackeray had subsequently exited the consortium in 2008.
the ed had earlier this month recorded the statements of senior officials of kohinoor in the case.
raj thackeray, a one-time avid supporter of modi, has over the years had a fall-out with the bjp since it came to power in 2014.
in the run-up to the 2019 lok sabha elections, raj thackeray had been increasingly critical of the bjp.
advertisingmeanwhile, unmesh joshi, who was also served a similar notice, was questioned by ed officials for over six hours at their office in mumbai.
the ed is likely to question joshi further on tuesday.
i have received a notice and have come to present myself to ed officials.
i have not received any questionnaire from the ed but i will fully co-operate with the agency, joshi said on monday.
at bhagaon village, ballu vaah bharvad is worried about the rapidly depleting level of water in the well located on a sugarcane field.
with 90 cows, calves and other cattle to feed and provide water for, bharvad and his extended family members are considering shifting the animals to a nearby cattle camp for the months of may and june.
if the village well dries, we will have to move to another village with our cows and cattle, says the elderly bharvad.
advertisingpointing to the herd of cows mooing and pacing in the field, he says, they want more water.
bharvad pleads with farmer vinayak parashram jagtap, who owns the sugarcane field, for help to tackle the water scarcity and fodder.
bharvads father migrated to maharashtra from surendranagar in chuda taluka in gujarat seven decades ago.
he belongs to the gawli tribe, which tends to cattle for livelihood.
vaijapur has been bharvads home for the last 15 years.
his four sons and other family members help him look after the cattle.
advertisingaware that the crisis was going to get worse as mercury levels cross the 43 degrees celsius mark in the district, jagtap suggests to bharvad that he move the animals to the cattle camp for the next two months.
the village well still has water.
but it will not be enough in the coming days.
moreover, fodder from the fields is almost over, he adds.
in peak summer, there is no kindness for cows and cattle.
every farmer has the same problem  depleting water and fodder.
the marathwada region, which has eight districts, is the worst hit by the drought in maharashtra.
he assured additional relief measures for the next two months.
at dewalwadi village in pathardi, the cattle camp came up on may 1 and would continue till june first week.
uddhav laxam shinde, a villager, has already parked his cattle there.
we have 300 cows and cattle.
water is being supplied by tankers.
all the water structures, ponds and wells are dry.
even our village with a population of 1,800 is dependent on tankers, he said.
the state government, on its part, has banked on the jalyukt shivar project, where villagers build small water structures to store water, to tackle the water scarcity.
in the last four-and-half years, we have built 5.
57 lakh water structures in 16,522 villages under jalyukt shivar.
each project is geo-tagged.
so there is no question of any manipulation, an official in the water conservation department said.
however, when the water stock is good, farmers use it to irrigate multiple crops.
so, the drought has pushed us back to square one in many villages, he added.
in the last four-and-half years, the government has spent rs 7,692 crore to create 5,57,386 water storage structures under jalyukt shivar in 16,522 villages, creating a water storage capacity of 24,05,502 tmc (thousand million cubic feet).
states revenue minister chandrakant patil, however, said, although the drought is severe, we will manage the water crisis with tankers.
we wont require water trains as was done in 2015-16.
the situation is under control.
fadnavis believes jalyukt shivar has helped ward off the crisis to a great extent, which otherwise would have been more severe.
however, he feels better water management policies at the grassroots is still necessary.
to bring a larger number of farmers within the ambit of institutional crop loan credit, the maharashtra government has roped in national and commercial banks to tie up with district cooperative banks, which have lower liquidity, ahead of the kharif season commencing july-august 2017.
at least 12 banks out of the total 36 central district cooperative banks with poor liquidity have been shortlisted to tie up with national and commercial banks to give them a footboard in rural areas.
the government believes this would give farmers easy access to crop loans.
chief minister devendrafadnavis convened a meeting of the bankers association to evolve a mechanism where national and commercial banks with higher capital, and district cooperative banks with poor finances can penetrate rural maharashtra.
the model has a twin objective of providing farmers greater access to financial institutions in remote villages.
the chief minister has formed a committee comprising bank officials of both national and district cooperative banks and representatives from nabard and the state government to work out a formula within ten days.
the crop loan projection for year 2017-18 is rs 58,862 crore which is higher than rs 51,235 crore in 2016-17.
according to fadnavis, of the total 1.
36 crore farmers in maharashtra, 31 lakh are debt ridden since 2012.
whereas, there are at least 1.
10 crore farmers who avail loan and regularly make loan repayments.
indicating that a committee has already been constituted to work out a formula to bring these debt-ridden farmers within the institutional credit loan bracket, he said, the concept of a total loan waiver was a myth and was never enforced by any government across the state or country.
today, what we are discussing is a loan waiver for 31 lakh farmers which is worth rs 30,500 crore.
if we were to consider loan for all farmers across maharashtra it would work out to rs 1.
34 lakh crore, which surpasses the state budget, he said.
during the upa government, when the highest loan waiver of rs 71,000 crore was given for the entire country, maharashtra received only rs 7,000 crore, he said.
the state government has already invested more than rs 8000 crore towards drought relief and rehabilitation and the total investment in the agriculture sector is rs 26,000 crore.
in 2016-17, a total loan of rs 51,235 crore benefited 52 lakh farmers.
the loans disbursed through national banks was rs 26,470 crore, private banks rs 4,126 crore, rural banks rs 3,044 crore, district central cooperative banks rs 17,548 crore and others rs 44 crore.
compared to 2014, crop loans disbursed in 2016 show an enhanced allocation of rs 7,942 crore, benefiting an additional 7.
66 lakh farmers.
at the 135th state level bankers committee (slbc) meeting, fadnavis approved rs 54,220 crore as credit plan for 2017-18, and a term loan of rs 23,000 crore.
the crop loan is rs 3,500 crore more than last year.
he directed financial institutions to focus on distressed districts to ensure optimum crop loan disbursement to farmers.
national and commercial banks tying up with district cooperative banks can provide greater access to farmers.
national banks have more capital but poor network, infrastructure and manpower in rural areas.
district cooperative banks have robust infrastructure and manpower with farmers depending on them for crop loans.
but over the years, at least 12 district cooperative banks have been facing low liquidity.
and now that he has joined bjp, we will field him from indapur seat, the cm said.
advertisinghis close aides said harshavardhan patil, a former minister, had made up his mind to join the bjp when he held a rally of his supporters in indapur on september 5, ostensibly to elicit support from them on his decision to join the bjp.
he received a resounding yes from his supporters.
at the meeting, harshavardhan was effusive in his praise of the chief minister and minced no words in attacking ncp and the pawar family.
though i was not in power, the chief minister never rejected any request i made to him regarding development projects in indapur, he said.
patil said the cm for his sake had also postponed a meeting of the state cabinet to attend a function of his launch his book, vidhan gatha.
launching a scathing attack on the pawars, patil said he had gone all-out to help supriya sule win the lok sabha elections twice from baramati.
in return, he said he expected them to help him in assembly elections, but said they had no intention to do so.
they humiliated meenough of humilation, now i want justice, he had said.
advertisingpatil later went incommunicado to the congress and ncp leaders.
he had switched off his cellphone and was apparently available to bjp leaders on phones of his close aides.
the former minister has switched off his for some days now, a close aide told the indian express on tuesday.
he was directly in touch with the chief minister whom he had also invited for launching his book.
since then, he had made up his mind to join bjp, his close associates said.
reacting to allegations that he had made up his mind to join bjp, patil said he took the decision as even congress president sonia gandhi failed to find a solution.
after my rally in indapur, sonia gandhi had called me up.
she said she knew my problem she said let me try.
.
but nothing happened,  he said.
patil said he had met ncp chief sharad pawar immediately after lok sabha elections but the meeting did not yield any results.
he said he will do something.
.
then i met congress leaders venugopal, prithviraj chavan, ashok chavan, balasaheb vikhe-patil, but they all sounded helpless,  he said.
on wednesday after patil joined bjp, ncps ajit pawar in baramati said all attempts to win him over failed.
i had told patil i will honour whatever decision senior leaders of both the parties take.
after patil held a rally earlier this month, i called him up several times, but his phone was switched off.
even prithviraj chavan urged him not to quit and told him that some solution could be worked out.
but it seems patil had already made up his mind to quit, but he is unnecessarily blaming the ncp, he said.
stating that he always lives up to his words, pawar said,i had personally gone to patils residence in pune, but he was not available.
i must have made 50 calls to himi showed this to congress leaders.
there are political differences, but patil should not spread falsehoods.
senior congress leader ashok chavan said that the party made several attempts to contact patil, but his phone was switched off.
ncp mp supriya sule said they had received no proposal regarding indapur seat from the congress.
but i dont understand why is he quitting congress.
he had problem with ncp, but why is he quitting the congress ?
this is like having fight with brother-in-law but parting ways with the husband, she said.
the maharashtra government has decided to channelise surplus water from western flowing rivers to the godavari basin to tackle the drought in the vidarbha and marathwada regions.
advertisingthe project is part of the interlinking of six major river basins under the integrated state water plan.
the rs 15,000-crore project has been approved by chief minister devendrafadnavis , who heads the maharashtra state water council.
the state water resources department has been directed to prepare a draft proposal for the execution of the project.
the plan entails interlinking the river basins using advanced technology to facilitate transfer and equitable distribution of water to overcome the challenges of water scarcity in drought-prone marathwada, vidarbha, parts of north maharashtra and western maharashtra.
in the last five years, we have faced recurring drought for four consecutive years.
climate change makes it necessary to look beyond traditional methods of water conservation to tackle the drought, fadnavis said.
advertisingthere is 300 tmc surplus water from the western flowing rivers, which goes into the arabian sea.
our plan is to tap 167 tmc water from ulhas river, which would be channelised to the godavari basin.
the water which flows down south has remained un-utilised for decades and goes into the sea.
it would help in addressing the problems in drought-prone marathwada.
almost 100 tmc water from wainganga would be channelised to tackle the drought in vidarbha, fadnavis said.
while terming the project economically and technologically feasible, the chief minister maintained, there will be several tunnels built to lift the water.
there is no question of tampering with the natural river course.
therefore, ecological or environmental hazards are ruled out.
the interlinking of river basins will be carried out through five projects which have been approved by the cabinet.
a 25-year-old man has been arrested for allegedly trolling and posting abusive messages on videos posted by a prominent marathi actor.
advertisingsatish narude patil, a crane operator from aurangabad, was arrested on monday.
he was, however, released on bail hours after his arrest as it is a bailable offence.
the actor has been uploading videos on social media about ways to treat epilepsy.
while most of her videos were in marathi, earlier this month, she had put out a video in hindi, leading to thousands of people posting abusive messages on the actors social feed.
the actor was trolled by marathi speaking people, after she posted a video in hindi.
thousands commented on her videos and the trolled images of the actor went viral on social media.
comments like leave india if you cant speak marathi and she wants work in bollywood and has thus released a video in hindi were made, said a police officer.
advertisingthe actor approached chief minister devendrafadnavis , who asked the mumbai police to probe the matter.
the goregaon police subsequently registered a case on charges of stalking and outraging the modesty of a woman under the ipc and it act.
investigators came across thousands of individuals who have left abusive messages on the actors timeline and are deliberating on how to act against them.
the police have initiated action against the most abusive stalkers, leading to patils arrest.
she had submitted a bunch of printouts comprising the comments made against her.
we have started prioritising the harassers on the basis of how abusive their messages are.
patil was arrested as he had posted multiple abusive messages on her trolled images and videos, said an officer.
the police claimed that they are on the look out for more people.
we are now looking for other harassers and teams will be dispatched as and when we get their respective addresses, the officer added.
jalyukta shivars impact on grape cultivation in padsali village; the farm pond of farmer jayram namdeo shirsat (extreme right).
photos: shubhangi khapre jalyukta shivars impact on grape cultivation in padsali village; the farm pond of farmer jayram namdeo shirsat (extreme right).
photos: shubhangi khaprea year ago, jayram namdeo shirsat (35), a farmer in padsali village in north solapurs mohol taluka, decided to beat the drought by building a farm pond on an acre of land in his field.
today, the massive structure raised with rs 7 lakh, part government finance and part bank loan, can hold up to one-crore litres of water that has given a fresh lease of life to his grapes cultivated on five acres.
in an adjoining half acre, he has cultivated capsicum ready for harvest.
in the interiors of karmala village in the same district, a group of farmers joined hands to build a huge farm pond.
across rural maharashtra, the state governments jalyukta shivar yojna or water conservation scheme is bringing home interesting stories.
the trend of community farm ponds is gaining ground in the drought-prone districts across western maharashtra.
however, unlike marathwada and vidarbha, where farmers with small land holdings are building small farm ponds, in better-off western maharashtra farmers are building community farm ponds.
in upala village, ganpatrao zhendge, who owns four acres of farm land, said, till 2014, the general trend here was to go for borewells.
in the last two years, however, there has been a shift with farmers in the drought-stricken districts working on water-management methods.
there is more stress on water-conservation works, including farm ponds.
in the upcoming zilla parishad elections, the jalyukta shivar has become an important poll plank, which has found a connect with both rural and semi-urban people.
it is being projected as a game-changer which would help bridge the urban and rural divide.
in election campaigns, congress and ncp leaders often raise the demonetisation issue to highlight the unrest among farmers.
at madha, ncp mla ranjit mohite-patil said, the traders used the notebandi to exploit farmers, who were forced to part with their produce at lower prices.
they have suffered monetary losses.
however, he acknowledged that the ongoing water-conservation works would help the farmers.
as one hopped from one village to another, farmers, dismissive about demonetisation, were, however, all praise for the jalyukta shivar model.
chief minister devendrafadnavis launched the jalyukta shivar yojna on january 26, 2015.
it was decided that 25,000 villages out of a total 40,000 villages in maharashtra would be taken up in three phases under the jalyukta shivar to make them drought-free by 2018-19.
in the first phase, 6,200 villages, which were most critical in terms of drought, were shortlisted.
majority of these villages are in marathwada and vidarbha.
the total amount spent on these projects was rs 1,400 crore.
in march 2016, 5,000 new villages, which were drought-prone, were shortlisted for jalyukta shivar works.
the budget allocation for the second phase is rs 1,600 crore.
the water-conservation works have helped bring 15 lakh hectares of dry land under irrigation.
fadnavis said, the most heartening aspect of this project is the overwhelming response and participation of people in villages.
as a result, we have succeeded in making 11,200 villages drought-free, of which 4,500 have been declared water-neutral.
it is our governments resolve to make maharashtra drought-free by 2018.
so far, the total public contribution for the jalyukta shivar has crossed rs 400 crore.
the major works under the jalyukta shivar include compartment bunding, cement nulla band, check dams, river and pond deepening and widening.
sensing a demand for high allocations for farm ponds, the government has allowed projects to be undertaken under the employment guarantee scheme.
the minister for employment guarantee scheme, jaikumar rawal, admits, through egs we have taken up works in some villages up to rs 5 lakh.
but every work is thoroughly screened.
a senior secretary in the water conservation department, on condition of anonymity, said, today, we are flooded with requests from gram panchayats keen on enlisting their village for the jalyukta shivar.
they are offering shram dan (free labour) to get the work completed.
osmanabad district, which was among the worst drought-hit districts for the last four years, has pushed the projects aggressively.
district collector prashant narnawre said, the deployment of water tankers to tide over the water scarcity used to begin from october.
the numbers would increase with each passing month till july.
today, there is not a single water tanker in my district.
this is because of completion of 22,000 jalyukta shivar works in my district comprising 735 villages, of which 217 were designated as very critical in terms of drought.
out of these, 111 critical villages always survived on tanker water supply round the year.
the total amount for both phases of the jalyukta shivar was rs 160 crore, of which rs 28 crore was contribution from people, he said.
across the eight extremely arid districts that comprise marathwada, jalyukta shivar works have seen water collected this past monsoon in rudimentary check dams, widened and deepened streams and rivers.
farm ponds with plastic sheets to prevent runoff and store water for longer periods too have shown results.
how much the water table has risen will not be known immediately, said deepak deshpande, a resident of kaij in beed district and an expert on water conservation working with the local government on the jalyukta programmes.
but the plentiful monsoon filled up the trenches dug and widened, and check dams built as part of the programme.
that water is still available in many parts of the region and should suffice for the present crop season.
the core committee of maharashtra bjp is likely to meet in mumbai on friday to chalk out the strategy for the mumbai mayoral election scheduled for march 8.
the core committee of maharashtra bjp is likely to meet in mumbai on friday to chalk out the strategy for the mumbai mayoral election scheduled for march 8.
the core committee of maharashtra bjp is likely to meet in mumbai on friday to chalk out the strategy for the mumbai mayoral election scheduled for march 8, in the backdrop of the civic polls throwing up a fractured verdict.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , state bjp chief raosaheb danve and mumbai bjp president ashish shelar are expected to attend the meeting, party sources said.
watch what else is making news:bjp and shiv sena, despite being partners in the state and central governments, fought the recently-held polls separately.
shiv sena has emerged as the single largest party in the 227-member council with 84 seats, bjp came a close second with 82, congress finished on the third spot with 31 seats, ncp got nine corporators while raj thackerays mns bagged seven seats.
shiv sena has claimed support of some independent candidates.
the next mayor of mumbai will be elected during the first meeting of the new house on march 8.
march 4 is the last date for filing nominations for the post and the election will be held on march 8, a bmc official said.
with no indication as yet of any post-poll alliance, it remains to be seen what strategies the political parties adopt for the mayoral poll.
minutes after chief minister devendrafadnavis held a press conference in the city highlighting the industrial progress made by maharashtra during his five-year tenure, senior congress leader and former cm prithviraj chavan said the cm was lying and trying to mislead the people of state.
he alleged that the government was refusing to probe into corruption allegations against the cm made by the congress.
advertisingthe cm claimed that maximum investments and job creation have taken place in maharashtra during his tenure.
this is nothing but a big lie when i seek figures from them, they refuse to place the actual facts because they dont have anything to show, he said at a press conference in pimpri.
chavan said he met states finance minister and industry minister, but both have failed to provide the actual figures of investments and jobs.
the bjp government is busy making political recruitments and it has nothing to do with the job creation, he added.
chavan said in the last five years, the industrial growth rate in the state has slipped, in the index of ease of doing business, maharashtra has gone down from 8th to 13th position, new industrial units are not coming up, the existing ones are hit by recession and very few jobs have been created.
instead of providing vague figures, the government should come up with a white paper, he demanded.
advertisingchavan said his party had made allegations of corruption against the chief minister, but the government is refusing to investigate them.
whether it was prakash mehta case, cidco case, punes dp scam and samruddhi land scam , we have made allegations of corruption and demanded probe into cms role.
but his government is refusing to investigate except for filing one fir, he said.
stating that the country was facing the worst industrial slowdown, chavan said, the government was cut off from the ground reality.
therefore, after presenting one budget, it had to present another budget, he said.
meanwhile, defending former union minister p chidambaram, chavan said, the case pertained to when chidambaram was the finance minister.
nothing happened for nine years and they dig it up in 2017.
he had given his approval only when the file was approved by officials.
he is being targeted by the central government, which is displaying dictatorial attitude.
on the upcoming assembly elections, chavan said the ncp and the congress have decided to contest 125 seats each.
we will leave 38 seats for our friendly parties, he said, adding that both the parties were confident of returning to power.
chavan said he will not contest from satara lok sabha seat against udayanraje bhosale, who is set to contest from bjp.
i will contest from my traditional seat of south karad, he said.
b'fadnavis, when contacted by the indian express, said he was not aware about the objections raised.
(source: express photo/representational) fadnavis, when contacted by the indian express, said he was not aware about the objections raised.
(source: express photo/representational)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis flagship infrastructure project, the rs 46,000-crore nagpur-mumbai super communication expressway, has landed in a fresh controversy.
at a time when a section of farmers affected by the project are putting up stiff resistance, two leading organisations in the construction industry have objected to the bidding process to award contracts to build the 701-km road corridor.
the national highway builders federation (nhbf) and the construction federation of india (cfi) have complained to prime minister narendra modis office objecting to certain provisions in the request for qualification (rfq) document for the project.
they have alleged that these provisions were tailored to favour a handful of players, and sought the pmos intervention.
both outfits also approached the cmo too in this regard.
with fadnavis keen to complete the project before october 1, 2019, nodal agency maharashtra state road development corporation (msrdc) has split the road construction work into 16 packages, totalling rs 27,650 crore.
in their representation, both the industry bodies have alleged that there was an intentional and premeditated design to suppress competitiveness in the bidding process.
the bone of contention is that when the msrdc first published the rfq for the projects on january 2, 2017, the contentious clauses for qualifying bidders were not a part of the document.
about 40 players submitted their expressions of interest.
on march 29, 2017, the penultimate date for the bid, this rfq was annulled and a fresh document was published, with the new clauses.
one new condition for qualification pertained to experience in building access-controlled expressways, freeways, motorways, and autobahns worth rs 500 crore to rs 1,300 crore in the last five years.
pointing out that only three access-controlled expressway projects  the delhi-agra expressway, the agra-lucknow expressway, and the yamuna expressway  have been completed in the country in the past five years, the nbhf has alleged that the restrictive clause would allow qualification of only a handful of companies, leading to limited competition.
highway contractors are competent enough to construct access-control highways since the latter contains only two additional components when compared to national highway projects, which is barrier fencing and signal-free interchanges, wrote p c grover, director, nbhf.
the cfis letter to the pmo shared that opinion.
we have reviewed the re-invited rfq documents and have noticed some glaring provisions, which are normally not a part of the model engineering, procurement and construction document issued by niti aayog or norms used by the ministry of road transport and highways or other agencies involved in the implementation of transportation infrastructure projects, wrote rajeev sharma, deputy director, cfi, in the submission shared with the pmo and the cmo.
fadnavis, when contacted by the indian express, said he was not aware about the objections raised.
the bidding criteria are not decided at the government level.
the msrdc can throw light on these.
but if i receive any memorandum in this regard, ill surely look into the merits of the case, he said.
however, official correspondence dated april 7, 2017 from msrdc vice-chairman and managing director radheshyam mopalwar to principal secretary, public works department, ashish kumar singh indicates that the provisions, now contested, were incorporated in the rfq on directives issued by the state government on march 10.
also, the minutes of a march 7 meeting convened by fadnavis show that the bid document and submissions from interested parties were discussed at that meeting.
the minutes, a copy of which is with the indian express, show the decision on incorporating at least one of the contentious clauses was taken at the same meeting, following the cms missive that the selected contractors must be technically and financially competent.
mopalwars communication to the government on april 7 also says there are 35 contractors who can work on highway projects in the country but only seven are involved in construction of access controlled highways.
the msrdc is of the opinion that it would be appropriate to include those who have built four and six lane roads in the qualification criterion to enhance competitiveness of the bidding process, said the letter.
it adds that a large number of queries and objections were raised in this regard during a pre-bid conference on april 17.
in the event of a joint venture involving a foreign partner, the msrdc, on may 16, also added one more qualifying clause  that the experience of a foreign partner of building access-controlled roads would be considered only if it was outside his country of origin.
this clause has also been objected to by the industry bodies.
the reissued rfq document also stipulated disqualification of companies under corporate debt restructuring (cdr) or strategic debt restructuring (sdr).
grover said: the centre has issued specific directives that companies under cdr/sdr should not be barred by central or state agencies from bidding.
yet, this clause has been introduced.
at least 14 highway builders and contractors figure on the list of those who would be disqualified by this clause.
while the msrdc has now written to the state government for taking a further call on these conditions, mopalwar said: the conditions were incorporated to ring fence the governments requirement to build the specialised expressway in a time-bound fashion.
it followed a review of technical and financial capabilities of those interested in bidding for the project.
the government cannot afford delays on account of financial troubles of the contractors.
let us wait for the response the rfq receives.
we can always revisit a condition if the competition is found inadequate.
for now, the due date for the bidding has been extended to may 31.
the strike had been planned to demand regulations on the services of taxi aggregators ola and uber.
(source: express photo) the strike had been planned to demand regulations on the services of taxi aggregators ola and uber.
(source: express photo)taxi and autorickshaw commuters can heave a sigh of relief as their proposed strike on tuesday has been called off .
this comes after a meeting of the union leaders with chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday.
fadnavis assured them of taking necessary action on the surge pricing policy of app-based cabs by next week.
the strike had been planned to demand regulations on the services of taxi aggregators ola and uber.
the jai bhagwan taxi rickshaw sanghatana (jbtrs) union, leading the protest, had asked all taxis as well as auto rickshaws to join them.
balasaheb sanap, leader of jai bhagwan taxi union, said, we were called by the chief minister on monday to the legislative assembly.
he has asked us to cancel the strike and wait till next week for the final decision on regulating the operations of cabs in the city.
however, we will only wait till the stated time period, failing which the strike will be carried out by our union members.
sanep had claimed that at least 70,000 to 80,000 taxi and rickshaw drivers were going to join the strike on tuesday .
the strike which has been postponed to next week will be preceded by a meeting of the union leaders with the chief minister and other stakeholders in the transport department.
however, some of the recognised taxi and rickshaw unions had decided to not join the strike but offer moral support.
the state government is likely to set guidelines for app-based taxi services in the city before the end of the ongoing monsoon session as confirmed by state transport minister diwakar raote in the legislative assembly, last week.
swabhimani shetkari leader mp raju shetti.
express swabhimani shetkari leader mp raju shetti.
expressas the bjp continues to blow hot and cold over its possible alliance with the shiv sena for the upcoming local body elections, swabhimani shetkari leader mp raju shetti has indicated that chances are slim of him going with the bjp for panchayat samiti and zilla parishad polls as well.
watch what else is in the newsspeaking to the indian express, shetti said his party was not adverse to going it alone for the local body polls and chances of having an alliance with the bjp were slim.
barring satara, sangli and kolhapur, bjp does not seem to want an alliance with us.
however, in these areas we are strong on our own and do not require the bjp for an electoral understanding, he said.
the bjp, shetti added, had wanted his party to act as palanquin bearers, which was not acceptable to party members.
relations between the bjp and shetti have been frosty, although shettis second-in-command sadabhau khot is a minister of state in the current cabinet.
khot, who was originally entrusted with two portfolios, has been given extra portfolios recently by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
shetti, however, had refused to comment about khots role in the elections or if he has decided to go alone.
but swabhimani paksha members have expressed their unwillingness to go with the bjp.
speculation is rife about the possible role khot might take in the days to come.
in the cane belt of western maharashtra, swambhimani paksha  the political outfit of swabhimani shetkari sanghatana  has a strong presence, with multiple zilla parishad members.
the party is also hoping to cash in on cane growers sentiments, which are buoyant after good cane payment done by the mills in the region.
also, the rural distress caused by demonetisation is still fresh in their mind and an alliance with the bjp might weaken swabhimani pakshas prospects.
we are in talks with various parties and have asked leaders to form an alliance at the local level, depending on the ground situations, he said.
while an alliance with the ncp seems to be completely ruled out, the party might come to some short of understanding with the congress in a few regions.
b'no way would the mns permit the multi-crore karan johar film to be released and dishonour the tremendous sacrifices of the indian army on the kashmir front.
(source: file) no way would the mns permit the multi-crore karan johar film to be released and dishonour the tremendous sacrifices of the indian army on the kashmir front.
(source: file)a happy ending.
what more can we devotees of bollywood ask for?
patriotism has been vindicated.
an utterly marginalised regional partys fortunes are suddenly looking up and blackmail and the threat of violence are back on the table as effective weapons in maharashtra.
chief minister devendrafadnavis engineered a double coup.
never mind how myopic his strategy, he has not only got rid of the mushkil from karan johars diwali extravaganza (imagine, i was contemplating suicide at the thought that i wouldnt be able to see this quadrangular love story on diwali night) but also managed to give the shiv sena a good shake-up, just in case they thought the bjp could be held to ransom.
not to be outdone, uddhav thackeray then proposed that the pm invade pakistan and make it a part of india.
the mns or maharashtra navnirman sena had tried various ploys to regain clout since its dismal failure in the maharashtra elections.
since vilifying biharis no longer worked, its members defied high court orders regarding the height of the govinda pyramids during the krishna janmashtami festival.
when that failed to capture the publics gaze, they fell back on the ganapati celebrations and insisted that schools close for five days  but that too did not gain traction.
then, out of the blue, ae dil hai mushkil (adhm) was about to be released and believe it or not, it had a pakistani actor as the second lead.
no sir, no way would the mns permit the multi-crore karan johar film to be released and dishonour the tremendous sacrifices of the indian army on the kashmir front.
adhm had to be banned.
a last-minute compromise-solution was devised.
the saviour was devendra fadnavis.
no pakistani actor would be allowed to desecrate bollywood in the future.
not just that, shri johar was coerced to do prayashchit and pay a penalty of five crore rupees to the army welfare fund battle casualties.
luckily for the country and its democratic values, it is the indian army which has once again called the mnss bluff, a senior officer reportedly saying: dont play politics with the army, which has a strong apolitical, highly disciplined and secular ethos.
the armed forces do not want to be dragged into such low-level wrangling.
think about it.
what an incredible contrast there is between the armed forces of pakistan and india.
the formerrule the country while the democratically-elected prime minister is a puppet in their hands.
they sponsor and support terrorism through their intelligence services, not only against india but against their own people.
from the time we won independence, how extraordinarily fortunate we have been to have thimayya, thorat, manekshaw and all the other top indian army brass, which set the finest example and supported the supremacy of democratic civilian rule.
isnt it tragic that the majority of indians dont even know who the enemy is because they prefer to buy into thehumbug dished out by demagogues and the likes of arnab goswami and his out of control, belligerent media bullies?
the pakistani populace is not the enemy.
the pakistani army, and especially the isi, the inter-servicesintelligence directorate, are.
who should know this better than us?
remember 26/11 and the conversations of the terrorists with their handlers, the attack on parliament and all those before and after.
we dont need a chanakya to tell us that we require a highly nuanced strategy against pakistan, beginning with a multi-pronged, aggressive and relentless diplomatic offensive against the pakistani army and especially the isi, and the use of every variety of pressure from our friends in the us, europe and elsewhere, with one proviso  an armed confrontation as an absolute no-no, unless the other party chooses all-out war.
secondly, we should have an innovative and earnest soft-power engagement with the pakistani civilian population at every level, so that they too enjoy the benefits of peace.
our strategy at home must be completely re-thought.
we are perpetuating multi-generational enmity when kashmiris are killed and children blinded with pellets.
plus, we are playing into the hands of the isi and alienating even our friends.
kashmiri muslims must get the best educational facilities and they must have access to jobs.
when they have a stake in this country, neither the isi, nor salafi money can alienate them.
simultaneously, we must confront the propaganda and dangerous precedents set by our political parties.
lets neverforget, there is only one sacred text in the public life of our country: the indian constitution.
and the ultimate arbiter of the constitution is the judiciary.
the independence of the latter must be inviolable.
the question is, how come political parties get away with defying the principles enshrined in the constitution?
how dare a party or an individual prevent a whole industry from engaging pakistani actors?
where does this kind of fabricated patriotism and censorship stop?
is manto going to be forbidden reading?
will i be told that i am not to listen to nusrat fateh ali or malika pukhraj?
do we have any idea what risks the wonderful kabir bhakts in pakistan take when they sing his dohas?
do we want to emulate pakistani intolerance?
freedom of expression is one of the pillars of our constitution.
the same document allows anyone to employ whoever they want.
its worth asking how come even the judiciary sometimes fails to act against those who are flagrantly guilty.
the answer is not new.
the price of democracy is eternal vigilance on the citizenrys part.
we are guilty of being comatose, even as our freedoms and constitutional rights are forfeited in the name of bogus patriotism.
democracy is not a gift.
it has to be earned.
every single day.
geeta gawli friday went with the 82 bjp corporators to register themselves with the konkan divisional commissioner as a group.
narendra vaskar geeta gawli friday went with the 82 bjp corporators to register themselves with the konkan divisional commissioner as a group.
narendra vaskarthe bjp has managed to garner the support of geeta gawli, the lone corporator from the akhil bharatiya sena (abs) for the mayoral elections to be held in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation next week.
gawli was being wooed by both the shiv sena and the bjp.
she had met shiv sena leaders on thursday morning but talks between the two sides were not fruitful.
watch what else is making newslater on thursday night, gawli met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and a deal between the two was sealed.
on friday morning, she visited the bjp office and went along with the 82 bjp corporators to register themselves with the konkan divisional commissioner as a group.
another independent candidate mumtaz rahbar khan has also decided to give her support to the bjp, taking the partys tally to 84 in the 227-member bmc.
meanwhile, the bjp also decided to appoint manoj kotak as its group leader in the bmc.
the bjp believes in development and transparency in governance.
that is the reason why i am supporting the party, gawli said.
gawli is said to have been promised the chairmanship of the health committee as well as a place in the standing committee later during her tenure.
she also said that had the shiv sena supported the abs earlier, the party would have had more corporators in the recently elected house.
gawli is the lone corporator of the party, which fielded candidates in close to two dozen constituencies.
i do not have anything to say against uddhav thackeray, but i do have a grouse against the second rung of sena functionaries.
had the sena decided to support the abs earlier, we would have had more corporators in the house, gawli said.
gawli (34), the eldest daughter of convicted gangster arun gawli, is a third time corporator from the 20-year-old abs floated by arun gawli.
the abs had earlier supported the shiv sena-bjp combine in 2012 to prove their majority in the house.
the sena-bjp combine at that time had a strength of 106 and was short of eight votes to ensure the selection of their mayor.
now, with the alliance in the civic body split, the abs was aiming to maximise its returns in lieu of its support.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday said while the bjp would make all efforts to take along all its nda partners in the 2019 elections, the party should stay prepared if the shiv sena decides to go it alone.
the lok sabha bypolls in palghar have broken the myth that the bjp cannot win elections alone striking electoral success is not difficult, provided we work harder, he said at the partys day-long meeting held at vasant smruti at dadar in mumbai.
the bjp wants to have an alliance with its nda partners for the lok sabha elections.
yet, if someone (sena) decides against the alliance, the bjp will be well-prepared too, he added.
on the opposition uniting against the bjp across the country, fadnavis said, it is veering towards modi versus the rest.
but that should not deter us.
instead, we have to rise to the challenges and work harder.
at the meeting, almost 65 bjp district chiefs presented reports on work undertaken in their districts and its impact.
today, our entire focus was on how to further consolidate the organisation across all the districts.
we dwelt at length on public welfare schemes which have to reach the last man, last mile, fadnavis said.
if our welfare schemes have reached 30 crore people, we should work to expand its scope to make it 40 crore within a timeline, he added.
file photo: the bmc headquarters building and cst, mumbai.
(source: express archive/kevin dsouza/file) file photo: the bmc headquarters building and cst, mumbai.
(source: express archive/kevin dsouza/file)the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) has decided to allot space in a building in bandra west to granthali, the well-known marathi publishing house, to set up a marathi university.
officials from the bmc said the publishing house had written to it in april this year, seeking the space to run such a university and research institute.
the two-storey building, which the civic body holds under accommodation reservation, is located on bj road in bandra west.
representatives from granthali said they had plans to set up an autonomous university for marathi, but the details had not been worked out.
founded in 1974, granthali publishes marathi books and translations from other languages.
in the past 40 years, it has published more than 800 books, which also include the books written by gulzar for children.
last december, it also started an application for readers, which gives access to about 100 digital titles.
baluta, an autobiographical work by daya pawar which in 1978 created a sensation in marathi society, was also published by granthali.
watch video: whats making newsat present, the hydraulic engineering department is using the space for their water improvement programme.
they will need at least six months to vacate the place, said a bmc official.
the official said the proposal to allot the space was put before the group leaders meeting earlier this week.
all agreed to allot the place to granthali for five years on a caretaker basis, without inviting tenders for it, he said.
the proposal to set up the marathi university was backed by the bjp.
the civic bodys move of allotting the space comes after chief minister devendrafadnavis asked for immediate action on the issue.
also, ashish shelar, bandra legislator and president of mumbai bjp unit, argued that the publishing house should get the space, as it has been nurturing the reading habit among the people in the state, which is in the larger public interest.
however, observers said the bjp might use this to play the marathi card to corner its alliance partner shiv sena in the civic polls early next year.
officer bearers of granthali welcomed the decision, but said they had also demanded space in a building in dadar to run their office.
though the civic bodys decision is good news, we had also written to them seeking space in a building in dadar.
we dont have any property.
in the initial years, the then bmc commissioner sadashiv tinaikar had given us three spaces, but we returned them, stating we did not require them.
we did not know then that the house would grow into such a huge movement, said sudesh hinglaspurkar, a trustee of granthali.
we hope the bmc fast-tracks the process of allotting the space for our office in dadar.
it is a central location and will be convenient for our readers, hinglaspurkar added.
shelar praised the civic bodys decision.
granthali is good movement, which needs to be helped.
we will also help them in getting the place in dadar, he said.
vishwas.
b'tribal farmers at azad maidan.
(photo: ganesh shirsekar/representational) tribal farmers at azad maidan.
(photo: ganesh shirsekar/representational)more than 62 per cent of claims filed by tribals for individual land titles in maharashtra under the forest rights act have been rejected, according to data compiled till march 31, 2018, by the states tribal development department and accessed by the indian express.
records show that of the 3,59,745 claims for individual forest rights (ifr) submitted under the law that came into force in 2006, 2,24,874 claims, or 62.
5 per cent, were rejected in a three-tier process involving local bodies.
these include 51,348 claims rejected by gram sabhas, 1,70,126 by sub-divisional level committees (sdlcs) and 3,390 by district level committees (dlcs).
of the appeals filed by ifr claimants, only 41.
37 per cent were accepted by dlcs, including claimants rejected previously and those who sought amendments in acreage granted.
also read | set to lose farms to bullet train: maharashtras tribals protest dilution of land alienation lawsrecords show the government processed 3,35,660, or 93 per cent, of the ifr claims it received.
of the 1,10,786 claims accepted, land titles have been distributed to 1,10,589 claimants covering 2,60,271.
52 acres.
implementation of the scheduled tribes and other traditional forest dwellers (recognition of forest rights) act was the central demand of the nearly 40,000 adivasi protestors who undertook a long march of 180 km from nashik to mumbai in march.
their agitation ended with chief minister devendrafadnavis assuring that his government would resolve their grievances regarding pending claims and appeals within six months.
this is what records accessed by the indian express show:* in nandurbar district, where tribals comprise nearly 70 per cent of the population, 39,615 claims were received and all were approved by gram sabhas.
but as many as 30,931 of these claims, or 78 per cent, were rejected by sdlcs.
the remaining were accepted by sdlcs and then by the dlc.
* in gadchiroli, with a nearly 40 per cent tribal population, 15,924 of the 59,609 claims received were rejected by gram sabhas and 23,244 by sdlcs.
a further 13 were turned down by the dlc, taking the number of rejected claims to 39,181, or 65.
7 per cent.
* in nashik, of the 50,443 claims received, 674 claims were rejected by gram sabhas, 31,534 by sdlcs and 684 by the dlc  a rejection rate of 65.
2 per cent.
* palghar district recorded 60,151 claims, the maximum among all districts, which is seen as an acknowledgement of the decades-long tribal movement for land rights in this region.
but it also recorded a rejection rate of 50.
99 per cent.
gram sabhas rejected 19,711 claims and sdlcs 10,966 while the dlc had not rejected any till march 31.
activists said the figures could be misleading, as the sdlcs took up nearly 18,000 gram sabha rejections from the jawhar area in palghar as suo motu appeals around 2011-12, and accepted most of these claims.
if you further segregate the data on rejections, you may find there is also more common rejection of claims by the otfds (other traditional forest dwellers), owing to widespread misinterpretation of the provision that three generations of an otfd claimants family should be dependent on forest land.
the law is clear that they should be dependent on the land, not necessarily living in one place for three generations, dr geetanjoy sahu, assistant professor, tata institute of social sciences, said.
according to sahu, rejection of claims on technical grounds is common but not in keeping with the spirit of the fra.
gram sabhas are supposed to have cadastral maps (denoting land ownership), but they end up having to chase revenue officials for physical verification of cultivated land because even the forest guards usually dont have these maps.
sdlcs and dlcs should ensure that all gram sabhas are equipped with these maps, sahu said.
according to officials, the tribal development department is currently implementing a van mitra (friends of the forest) programme to train officials on the law.
officials at the tribal research and training institute, where the module is underway, said the biggest hurdle is lack of training for officials on the law and its spirit.
the common belief is that tribal claimants are encroachers and that their claims are akin to diversion of forest land, they said.
overall, most rejections have come from sdlcs, the second level of processing claims after gram sabhas.
that was largely because the sdlc members themselves were never trained on the law.
they rejected thousands of claims on grounds that there was no satellite map showing cultivation attached to the claim, or that there was no evidence of a court-imposed penalty for cultivating forest land, pratibha shinde, of the lok sangharsha morcha in nandurbar, said.
in nandurbars remote and hilly areas, gram sabhas managed to form forest rights committees as required by the law but were hampered by the process of getting forest officials to conduct joint mapping exercises.
even the process of filing appeals against the dlcs decision remains slow, many families still havent procured the additional proof required, shinde said.
the resolution of the appeals remains slow, too.
maharashtras sdlcs and dlcs received 35,078 and 1,07,315 appeals against their previous decisions.
as of march 31, the dlcs accepted 44,399 appeals.
but records show a backlog of 10,115 and 25,342 appeals with the sdlcs and the dlcs, respectively.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis was quite a sought-after vip at the wedding reception of bjp president amit shahs son on sunday.
a number of people wanted to click a selfie with him, and he obliged quite a few of them.
and when one of them struggled with his camera phone, fadnavis even took the phone and figured out what needed to be done to click the selfie.
however, it was not just selfies for which people sought him out.
a few of the guests were heard inquiring about their files pending with the maharashtra government.
another guest at the centre of attraction was yoga guru baba ramdev.
watch video: 1991: how p v narasimha rao made history by sanjaya baru: key takeawaysfriendly gestureafter prime minister narendra modis attempt to bring in thaw in the ties, pakistan is releasing 173 indian prisoners (including 172 fishermen) who will be repatriated to india through wagah.
this has taken the number of prisoners, who have been released so far during narendra modi governments tenure, to about 600.
the pakistan high commission is now hoping that india will respond in equal measure.
polite remindera meeting between visiting sri lanka president maithripala sirisena and railway minister suresh prabhu is being viewed as a business opportunity for the cash strapped railways.
after helping sri lanka restore its war-ravaged rail network with the use of a line of credit extended by india, the railways wants to politely remind sirisena that the remaining line of credit should be used to buy rolling stock from the indian railways.
accordingly, prabhu was furnished with details of what sri lanka might need to buy.
the list includes around 940 passenger coaches, around 70 diesel locomotives and a dmu train set.
silent dissentthis one is surely going to amuse sonia gandhi.
a party secretary has written to the congress president seeking permission for workers to hold a day-long maun-vrat (vow of silence) outside the aicc headquarters to awaken the conscience of some of the top office-bearers, who, he said, should resign for the damage they have caused to the party.
anees durrani has said these office-bearers have not just misused their party positions for personal gain but took wrong decisions that made congress look like an upper caste party.
durrani has not taken any names but no one doubts who his targets are.
what is not clear, however, is at whose behest he is firing his shots.
minus masalaso many former insiders have hit out at congress in recent times that jairam ramesh thought it fit to let out a flurry of disclaimers before beginning to talk about his new book green signals.
this is not a sanjay baru or natwar singh kind of book, he said, referring to the tell-all books of the former confidants of manmohan singh and sonia gandhi, respectively.
no conversations have been reported in the book, neither real nor imagined, he went further.
this is not an attempt to settle any political scores.
there is no masala, he said.
rameshs book is the story of his two-year stint in the environment ministry during upa-2.
the township gets drinking water for 10 minutes every two-three days.
express the township gets drinking water for 10 minutes every two-three days.
expressdiva, located barely 22 kilometres from mumbai, presents a tale of heavy odds people face in fulfilling their basic needs.
the locals, mostly migrants who came here with the desire to earn big in mumbai, have compromised their basic human needs and dignity for a place to live in.
struggling to make ends meet, most have taken shelter in illegal buildings, which are structurally not so sound.
nearly 80 per cent of the structures in diva are illegal, admitted a town planner with the thane municipality in whose jurisdiction the region falls.
watch what else is in the newswith the township getting drinking water for 10 minutes every two-three days, families have a daily struggle to arrange for drinking water supply.
among the least developed regions in the mumbai metropolitan region, diva also serves as a dumping ground for 750 tonne waste collected daily from everywhere in thane.
while this has compounded health troubles for the residents here, locals complain that there is no public health care facility in the region.
such is the state of affairs that some of the families reside in illegally built chawls situated on the plots that are also used for dumping activity.
when the indian express visited the locality, it even found a private school functioning right next to a dumping site.
but the upcoming elections for the thane municipality have brought a glimmer of hope to this neverland.
with 11 crucial seats up for grabs in the region, political parties have been selling development promises to the local voter.
however, for the 11 seats, only about 55,000 are eligible to exercise their franchise, while the total population estimate for the region is about 5 lakh.
said a political analyst, most of the parties see voters here as being transferable and are aggressively wooing them.
as campaigning for the february 21 polls nears the end, parties and their candidates have only intensified their pitch.
in the main marketplace, rickshaws and mobile trucks carrying messages of various parties have been doing the rounds in the last few days, confirmed vishwajeet gupta, a local.
political flags have been put up everywhere.
diva was represented by just two seats in the 2007 civic poll.
this has now increased to 11, the political analyst said, explaining reasons for the heightened political activity in the belt.
leaving no stone unturned, the bharatiya janata party even got its principal vote gatherer, chief minister devendrafadnavis to campaign in the region last week.
the cm doled out big promises, offering to even adopt the locality.
he made promises of resolving the drinking water issue, legalising illegal buildings and shutting down dumping activity in a years time if his party was given a chance to represent the region.
no other cm has ever visited the region.
we are committed to resolving the local issues, said partys candidate adesh bhagat.
the shiv sena (ss), on the other hand, which is the firm favourite for a win in the thane civic poll, has countered fadnaviss campaign, and has been trying to convince the local electorate that they would be better served if they remained loyal to the ss.
sitting corporator shailesh patil, who was earlier with the maharashtra navnirman sena but switched over to join the ss six months ago, said, we have already made a rs 30 crore budgetary provision for infrastructure upgrade and water facilities in diva.
the implementation may have been delayed due to imposition of the model code of conduct, but it will begin soon after the elections, he said.
the cm is just dangling a carrot.
if he wants to stop dumping activity here, why does he not issue orders now.
he is the head of the state, who can stop him?
patil added.
nationalist congress partys candidate vijay bhoir, meanwhile, accused both the ss and the bjp of misleading the people.
bhoir said, they have enjoyed power in the thane municipality for over 25 years.
but diva was completely ignored.
there is no drainage, no connectivity, inadequate water supply, no public transport.
they have failed to develop public reservations, which has led to illegal constructions, said bhoir.
umesh karalkar, 25, whose family was earlier staying in jogeshwaris majaswadi, said, we came here four years ago in search of a piece of land we could call our own.
but survival here has been tough.
karalkars family resides in an illegally built chawl next to a dumping site.
our children often fall sick due to inhalation of gaseous discharge from the adjoining dumping yard.
there is no public healthcare facility too while private healthcare is unaffordable.
the electorate is made up of original inhabitants from the agri-community, and migrants from konkan and north india.
while the former segment has traditionally backed the shiv sena, it is the migrant vote that each party is keenly wooing.
one of the most distinguished landmarks of mumbai, gateway of india was built in 1924 and is now a popular tourist spot.
(file photo) one of the most distinguished landmarks of mumbai, gateway of india was built in 1924 and is now a popular tourist spot.
(file photo)describing it as a symbol of slavery, an mla of the ruling bjp in maharashtra has demanded that the iconic gateway of india in south mumbai be renamed as bharat dwar.
this monument is a symbol of slavery under the british rule, said raj purohit, a local mla.
by renaming it we will be paying tributes to the martyrs of freedom struggle, he said, speaking to reporters in mumbai.
i met chief minister devendrafadnavis today and submitted a letter stating my demand.
he said he will look into the matter and forward my letter to the chief secretary, purohit said.
this monument served as get away from india for the british after the first british ship sailed from here to britain, he said.
we have renamed bombay to mumbai, malabar hill to walkeshwar and victoria terminus to chhatrapati shivaji maharaj terminus.
why should this monument, which reminds us of slavery under the british rule, not be renamed, purohit said.
one of the most distinguished landmarks of mumbai, gateway of india was built in 1924 and is now a popular tourist spot.
located at apollo bunder waterfront, the monument, an arch of yellow basalt and solid concrete, overlooks the arabian sea.
its foundation was laid in 1911 to commemorate the visit of king george v and queen mary to mumbai.
it was inaugurated 13 years later, in 1924, and is a beautiful confluence of indian, arabic and western architecture.
as part of the north east india business and cultural integration initiative, mumbai will be able to enjoy the colours of india event later this week with a display of authentic northeastern culture.
the june 30 event aims to promote business and tourism in these states.
organised by the cultural integration initiative (cii), the daylong programme at the taj mahal palace will be divided into two sessions.
the morning session, titled make in north east, will have renowned industrialists and corporates from godrej and taj group of hotels reveal the benefits of investing in the northeast to almost 200 aspiring investors.
the evening session will involve an exhibition of the northeastern regions authenticity.
a bihu performance along with a colourful fashion presentation by top designers from the states will be the highlight of the evening.
food delicacies and handicrafts, all local to northeast, will also be on display.
watch video: whats making newschief minister devendrafadnavis will be the chief guest at the evening session.
t k zeliang and mukul sangma, the chief ministers of nagaland and meghalaya, respectively, will be present too, along with top officials from the states.
ranjit barthakur, chairman of the event organising committee, said, the initiative is expected to bring investment to the northeast as lots of corporates have already shown interest to participate and explore northeast as destination, especially to take advantage of its proximity to south east asia.
according to sena sources, uddhav thackeray will hold a meeting of senior leaders and newly-elected corporators tomorrow to decide future course of action.
(file) according to sena sources, uddhav thackeray will hold a meeting of senior leaders and newly-elected corporators tomorrow to decide future course of action.
(file)with the elections to the bmc throwing up a fractured verdict, all eyes are on shiv sena and bjp, each of which notched up over 80 seats in the 227-member council, whose leaders are yet to spell out their next move.
the sena today put up a brave front despite the results falling far short of its expectations, indicating that it will not agree to a post-poll pact giving up its claim for the coveted post of mayor in the countrys richest civic body.
senior bjp leader and union minister minister nitin gadkari, however, said the two parties have no option other than a coming together.
watch what else is making newsthe situation now is that both parties have no option but to come together again, gadkari told a marathi channel, adding the final decision on this issue has to be taken by chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
fadnavis, the architect of the bjps stunning performance in bmc and other city bodies across the state, had yesterday said his partys core committee comprising him and the state unit chief will take the next step.
meanwhile, the sena received a boost today with two independent corporators joining the party, raising its total tally in the bmc to 86, still way below the half-way mark of 114.
sena chief uddhav thackeray, after admitting the corporators in the party, told reporters that he had not thought about an alliance with any party to wrest power in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) yet, but maintained that the coveted mayors post will be held by sena only.
according to sena sources, thackeray will hold a meeting of senior leaders and newly-elected corporators tomorrow to decide future course of action.
meanwhile, senior leaders from both parties claimed the support of the remaining three independent corporators.
bjps core committee meeting is expected to be held in two to three days, where the partys course will be charted out.
in the bitterly fought bmc elections, shiv sena won 84 seats, bjp secured 82, congress was relegated to the third position with 31 seats, whereas the ncp and raj thackeray-led mns finished with nine and seven seats respectively.
unfazed by the giant stride made by the bjp, sena kept up its attack on the estranged ally, with which it shares power in the state and central government.
an editorial in its mouthpiece saamana said the partys fight with the bjp will continue, regardless of the consequences.
it also accused the bjp of having used the state machinery and all its might of central leadership to score an unprecedented result in the bmc polls and other local bodies.
the sena has been ruling the bmc from the last 25 years.
they (the bjp) used deceitful means to destabilise our rule.
this has never happened before when the congress ruled the state, it charged.
our fight (with the bjp) will continue.
the war that had started was not only for power but for dharma, ideals and the integrity of maharashtra, the sena said.
meanwhile, mumbai bjp president ashish shelar said his party wont enter into any secret alliance with anyone.
whatever (alliance) will happen will be discussed in the core committee, shelar said, ahead of the bjp core committee meeting here tonight.
it is a matter of analysis as to how our party, which had 32 corporators in the outgoing bmc, rose to 82 in the latest election, he added.
farm activist kishor tiwari, who chaired the state government task force vasantrao naik sheti swavlamban mission, on saturday hit out at chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari for not keeping the promise of accommodating him in the vidhan parishad and announced his decision to return to activism.
advertisingtiwari, however, said that he was in touch with shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray without elaborating further but said that he had no plans to join the party.
tiwari, who shot to prominence with his ngo vidarbha janandolan samiti at pandharkawda in yavatmal district, addressed a press conference at yavatmal to announce his decision to sever ties with the bjp.
tiwari, who is not a bjp member, said, i went with the bjp on the invitation of fadnavis and gadkari as they thought i could provide them valuable guidance on agricultural issues.
i agreed and did my best to help farmers.
but the bjp doesnt need me anymore since they have so many bigwigs joining them asked if the fadnavis government was successful in delivering anything worthwhile to farmers, tiwari said, they brought focus on many issues like crop pattern and sustainability but there was only talk and no policy reforms.
chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file) chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file)the shiv sena is planning to request chief minister devendrafadnavis to convene a special assembly session to discuss the demands of the maratha community.
a delegation of shiv sena mlas, led by industries minister subhash desai, was scheduled to meet the chief minister to seek an early resolution to the maratha conflict and the need to convene an assembly session immediately.
the meeting, however, could not take place as the chief minister had to leave for delhi.
the delegation will now meet fadnavis on friday.
on sunday, a cartoon appeared in the party newspaper saamana lampooning the silent marches being taken out by the maratha community.
it shows a male protester kissing a female protester, which offended the maratha community.
watch what else is making newsthe cartoon not only generated a severe backlash from the public, even the shiv senas elected representatives complained to the party.
in a rare instance, the partys newspaper office was also attacked by members of a maratha organisation.
the sena has made efforts to assuage the feelings of the marathas, including an apology by the cartoonist of saamna.
however, political opponents of the sena have demanded that the sena should apologise.
b'shelar has threatened to sue aap for defamation.
shelar has threatened to sue aap for defamation.
the aam aadmi partys (aap) maharashtra unit on wednesday levelled allegations of money laundering against ashish shelar, legislator and president of the mumbai unit of the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
the aap demanded that the bjp remove shelar from party posts until an inquiry is conducted in the matter.
according to aap, sarveshwar logistics private limited, formed in 2010 by shelar along with two other directors, conducts no visible business and does not have employees or any project work.
its annual revenues for the last five years have been rs 0, rs 12,867, rs 10,000, rs 10,000 and rs 14,500 respectively, aap claimed.
in the first year of the company, 2010-2011, it immediately received share application money of rs 3.
6 crore, and loans and advances of rs 26 lakh.
it also purchased property worth rs 3 crore.
how come a start-up, with no business operation and no revenue, receive such a high amount of share application money?
surprisingly, in the very next year, it received an unsecured loan of rs 6 crore, without any collateral or business model to show, alleged preeti sharma menon, national spokesperson of aap.
the money secured from various sources has been used to purchase properties, the aap has alleged.
now, the company, in four years, owns properties worth rs 18.
46 crore, according to sharma.
watch video: whats making newsshe further alleged that shelar, who is also a director on the board of riddhi dealmark private limited incorporated in 2010, concealed the information about it in his 2014 assembly election affidavit.
riddhi, registered in kolkata, has conducted no business and its revenues have been in the range of rs 7,000 annually.
the original kolkata-based directors of riddhi, premnath mali and jitendra chaudhary, sold their shares to shelar and his pa prakash patil within one month of starting.
in the first year, riddhi received rs 20 lakh as share application money, alleged sharma.
she also alleged that riddhis balance sheets show that in the next year, rs 20 lakh was invested in shelars other company (sarveshwar) but there is no record of this money in sarveshwars balance sheets.
these are clear cases of money laundering.
apart from paying the audit fees, there is no expenditure of the companies.
all these companies are on papers and made to convert black money into white, alleged sharma, adding, the same modus operandi was used by former deputy chief minister and ncp leader chhagan bhujbal, in whose case aap registered a complaint with the enforcement directorate (ed).
shelar, however, dismissed the allegations made by the aap as baseless.
shelar said, the total investments made in three firms of which two were defunct was not exceeding rs 45 lakh.
he said he had already quit as director of the existing sarveshwar logistics which was started in partnership with a friend in which he owned 33 per cent shares.
he said two other companies, riddhi dealmark and opera realtors, have become defunct without making any financial transaction.
both these companies were launched in 2010 and became non-operational by 2015-16.
mentioning that part of funds for sarveshwar logistics was through rs 6-crore loans in 2011-12 from banks at an interest rate of 14.
5 per cent, he said, how can anybody question any motive?
he said there was no favour nor any financial mismanagement as alleged by the aap.
shelar attributed the aaps allegations to a political motive and threatened to file a defamation case against the party and its members.
while the aap sought to know why opera realtors and riddhi dealmark were launched and abruptly shut down, shelar argued, the two firms were set up with a purpose to do business in property lease.
however, it was discontinued.
following aaps allegations, shelar also wrote a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis expressing his willingness to face any probe in the matter through the enforcement directorate.
tur dal prices hit rs 150 per kilogram, while prices of urad dal crossed the rs 150 mark in the wholesale market on friday.
tur dal prices hit rs 150 per kilogram, while prices of urad dal crossed the rs 150 mark in the wholesale market on friday.
tur dal prices hit rs 150 per kilogram, while prices of urad dal crossed the rs 150 mark in the wholesale market on friday leaving the state administration worried.
officials from the agricultural produce market committee (apmc) in vashi said the price of urad per kilogram had risen to rs 158.
its true that urad dal price has shot up this week.
the rates of all pulses have risen by at least rs 5.
and, it is likely to increase further in coming weeks, said an official adding that tur dal price per kilogramme on friday was around rs 140.
however, price in the retail market was more than rs 200 per kilogramme, admitted the official, adding that shortage of pulses has led to a rise in prices.
another official said vegetables too are witnessing a shortage and rise in prices.
the supply of vegetables such as tomato, brinjal, potato is deficient.
as a result, average price of vegetables has shot up to rs 30-50 per kilogramme now, said the official adding the prices were between rs 10 and rs 30 per kilogramme in april.
the vegetable prices are also likely to increase further, he said.
watch video: whats making newsofficials attributed the shortage of pulses and vegetables to the drought resulting in low production across the state.
while weather officials projected a good monsoon this year, its onset has been delayed.
in the cabinet meeting earlier this week, chief minister devendrafadnavis directed the authorities to step up efforts to boost supply and check hoarding.
a report tabled in the cabinet meeting stated that retail prices of vegetables have seen a 21-28 per cent jump in the past week.
fadnavis has directed food and civil supplies minister girish bapat to rush to delhi to convince the union government to okay a higher buffer stock of tur dal for the state.
while the maharashtra government had raised a demand that the centre should release 20,000 metric tonnes of tur dal for the state, sources said the centre has so far agreed to release just 700 metric tonnes.
bapat proposed that the state government should import tur dal.
the state administration is not entirely in favour of the proposal.
bapat was unavailable for comment.
the devendrafadnavis government on wednesday presented a revenue deficit interim budget of rs 19,784 crore before the state assembly, while allotting rs 9,566 crore for the irrigation sector, with a focus on vidarbha and marathwada and the drought-hit regions.
advertisingas against the revenue receipts of rs 3,14,489 crore, revenue expenditure has been estimated at rs 3,34,273 crore, resulting in the deficit of rs 19,784 crore.
read | maharashtra budget: agriculture, rural and irrigation sectors get boostthe financial constraints of providing rs 24,000 crore for implementing seventh pay commission recommendations, coupled with allocations for drought mitigation, were cited as the primary reasons for the deficit.
officials said the states growing expenditure will have to be relooked and drastic measures taken to explore new avenues of revenue mobilisation.
advertisingwhat has compounded the fiscal challenge is the governments decision to emphasise on mega projects across key sectors, namely agriculture and social, to address urban and rural constituents in the election year.
the total expenditure in these sectors is around rs 22,814 crore.
the thrust of the budget is the development for each and every segment, including scheduled castes and scheduled tribes, for whom rs 9,208 crore and rs 8,431 crore have been allocated, respectively, he added.
while the budget shows that the government has refrained from announcing populist new schemes, it has made higher allocations for its flagship projects.
for the housing for all project, the government has sanctioned rs 6,895 crore.
it plans to complete 22 lakh houses  12 lakh in rural and 10 lakh in urban areas  by 2022.
while maintaining that initiatives will be taken to control the deficit, mungantiwar told mediapersons, we are taking drastic measures to cut unnecessary expenditure, while tapping unconventional methods to recover the huge revenue deficit, which is stuck in legal wrangle.
expressing satisfaction over the increased revenue collection post introduction of goods and services tax (gst), the minister said: an amnesty scheme for settlement of pending and disputed taxes, interest, fines and late fees under various acts is being proposed.
it will benefit traders and also help the government recover pending taxes.
he added that in 2018-19 budget, the revenue deficit stood at rs 14,960 crore.
while the revenue receipts then wasrs 2,86,500 crore, expenditure was rs 3,01,460 crore.
whereas, the 2017-18 budget had a surplus of rs 2,082 crore.
as against the expected revenue receipt of rs 90,000 crore, actual revenue received was rs 1,15,000 crore, mungantiwar said.
meanwhile, the state allocated rs 1,021 crore for the pradhan mantri arogya yojana and rs 2,098 crore for the national health mission.
various social schemes for the upliftment of vimukti jati, nomadic tribes, other backward class and special backward class saw allocation of rs 2,892 crore.
extending food subsides to the above poverty line category, especially in 14 drought-hit districts of vidarbha and marathwada, the government allocated rs 896 crore.
rice at rs 3 and wheat at rs 2 per kg will be made available to the affected population.
further, financial aid of rs 572 crore would be provided to students from economically weaker sections who are pursuing higher professional studies.
budget session may be curtailed over india-pak tensionthe ongoing budget session is likely to be curtailed following growing india-pakistan tension.
security concerns are being cited as the primary reason.
the session began on february 25 and was end on march 2.
a formal decision is expected after an all-party meeting on thursday.
earlier, chief minister devendrafadnavis had convened a meeting of party members, along with top police officers, to discuss security concerns.
the vidhan bhawan, where the session is underway, is also among the high security zones.
peter and indrani mukerjea.
peter and indrani mukerjea.
the central bureau of investigation (cbi), which recently questioned three senior maharashtra police officers in the sheena bora murder case, quizzed the cops on their leads, jurisdiction and suspected proximity with accused peter mukerjea, sources have revealed.
earlier this month, three police officers  director general of police, home guards, maharashtra, rakesh maria, joint commissioner of police (law and order), mumbai police, deven bharti, and deputy commissioner of police, mumbai police, satyanarayan chaudhary, were examined by the central agency in the case.
sources claim they were questioned in delhi after the examination of sohail buddha, who was employed with the broadcast media group that peter mukerjea had been associated with.
watch video: sheena bora murder: bombay high court rejects peter mukherjeas bail pleawhen mukerjea was ceo, buddha took voluntary retirement as an assistant police inspector and joined the private firm in charge of their security.
the mumbai polices case states that sheena was kidnapped from outside national college in bandra, murdered in one of the by-lanes of pali hill road (in bandra) and her remains disposed of in the jungles of raigad.
since the body was exhumed from gogade khurd village in raigad, the provisions of code of criminal procedure (crpc) allow the case to be transferred to the raigad police.
the three officials were quizzed as to why they didnt feel the need to transfer the case, a senior officer who did not wish to be named told the indian express.
generally in such cases, a zero fir is registered and the case transferred to the police station under whose jurisdiction the offence is alleged to have been committed.
the officers were asked if they had any interest in registering the case in mumbai, the official said.
the officers were also questioned on whether they were acquainted with peter in any manner before the case.
sources said this line of questioning was important to ascertain if the mumbai police deliberately went slow in the case and was trying to shield peter.
last week, chief minister devendrafadnavis sparked off a row after he told the press that he was given an impression by those at the helm of the investigation (in the mumbai police) that peter had no role in the murder of his step-daughter.
peter and indrani (peters wife and co-accused in the case) would organise a lot of get-togethers, to which many policemen would also be invited.
the three officers were asked if they had been to any such party, another official said.
maria has maintained that he never met peter before the case and first interacted with him on september 7 last year, when he questioned him on the murder.
a day later, he was promoted and transferred.
bharti had already told investigators that he knew the couple and the two had got in touch with him to get the mobile tower location of sheena, a few days after she disappeared in april 2012.
he had got the anti extortion cell (aec) to trace her tower location and informed the couple about it, the official added.
bharti is already a witness in our case.
his statement is crucial in nailing peters complicity and debunking the accused couples sheena-in-us theory, the official added.
the officers were also quizzed on the rapport they shared with each other, and about buddha, sources said.
the mumbai police claims that it chanced upon the case after the arrest of indranis former driver shyamvar rai in a different case concerning possession of firearms.
however, there were news reports claiming that buddha gave the lead of the case to a senior police officer, and the khar police acted upon it, the official said.
the three officers were quizzed on the said report and also on their acquaintance with buddha.
two of them have claimed that they learnt about buddha being a former employee of peter through the news report, the official added.
former maharashtra chief minister prithviraj chavan.
former maharashtra chief minister prithviraj chavan.
former chief minister prithviraj chavan on saturday alleged that current chief minister devendrafadnavis had diluted mumbais development control regulations to favour certain big builders in the run-up to the civic polls in mumbai.
on january 6 this year, the cm-led urban development department issued a notification raising the floor space index (fsi) for all slum rehabilitation projects undertaken on plots spread over 4,000 square metres.
the fsi is a development tool that defines the extent of construction permissible on a plot.
it is the ratio of built-up area to the plot area.
the fsi was raised from 3 to 4, meaning that slum developers will now get to build up to four times the plot size.
while previously slum colonies with a high density of hutments (650/hectare) were permitted the higher fsi, the notification had basically relaxed the density norm extending the perk to most slum developers.
incidentally, the model code of conduct for the ensuing elections kicked in on january 11.
watch what else is making newschavan, who had himself headed the urban development department when he was the head of state, alleged, we (the congress) have information that the measure was taken to favour a select coterie of big developers.
addressing newspersons at the maharashtra congress office in mumbai, the former cm further questioned the need to amend the regulations when the citys new development plan had been readied and was in approval process.
the government extended the perk to developers while not altering the minimum tenement size of rehab homes, he said.
chavan also raised similar objections over the fadnavis-led departments move  also in the month of january  to do away with the insistence of housing stock for redevelopment of mhada colony plots below 2,000 square metres.
the governments notification permits such builders to pay premium to mhada instead of built homes from the surplus housing stock.
i had discontinued the premium option during my tenure for improving the affordable housing stock.
even then, several builders would approach for relaxation in this norm but we had persisted with it in public interest.
it is unfortunate that this has now been diluted, he said.
the former cm demanded reconsideration of the decisions.
for mhada colony plot over 4,000 square metres, the government has also raised the fsi from 3 to 4 while mandating that the additional 1 fsi will be used for building and handing over afforable housing stock to mhada on the payment of construction cost.
countering the congress claim, a senior bjp minister said, the government hasnt implemented these measures so far.
suggestions and objections have been invited from the public over the governments intent in both the cases.
a final notification is still pending.
the measures are meant to motivate developers to implement the governments plan to create more housing stock in the market and also add to the public affordable housing stock.
chavans allegation comes at a time when the bharatiya janata party and the shiv sena are locked in a fierce election battle and have been trading serious charges against each other.
the bitter fight between the allies has hogged the media space in the build-up to the campaign impacting congresss plan.
admitting this, chavan said, it is the theatre of the absurd.
they (the shiv sena and the bjp) have been levelling all sorts of allegations against each other while continuing to coexist in seat of power in maharashtra and the centre.
this is unprecedented and condemnable.
maharashtra had never seen such politics before.
it has become a joke, a comedy theatre really.
but i would request the people and even the media to focus on the core development issues.
mumbai congress chief sanjay nirupam said, the cm says the shiv sena is a party of haftakhors (extortionists), while the shiv sena claims that the bjp is a party of goons.
an obvious question then is why have they continued to coexist together?
the entire drama is scripted and is a sham.
sources said the partys move to rope in chavan, who remains a credible face, for articulating the congress point of view was a bid to remain relevant in media space.
chavan, meanwhile, claimed, the continuation of the shiv sena in the bjp-led government in the state and the centre was untenable.
the congress also attempted to dispel the perception that it had some sort of understanding with the shiv sena.
keeping up its attack against prime minister narendra modi and the bjp, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray had earlier taunted modi over his raincoat jibe against former prime minister manmohan singh while heaping praises on the congress for leading the country on the path of development post independence.
shiv senas mouthpiece saamana, too, has been praising the previous upa regime.
both chavan and nirupam articulated that the congress does not need a certificate from the shiv sena for its achievements while in power.
i wish to clarify that we are out to dethrone the shiv sena in mumbai.
the shiv sena-bjp combine in mumbai municipality is responsible for the sorry state of affairs in the city.
we are in this election to unseat them both.
the shiv sena is resorting to misinformation campaign since it senses defeat, chavan said.
partys mp milind deora also fired a sharp volley at the shiv sena over the unsolicited praise.
i only wish i could say the same for the shiv sena-bjp reign in the mumbai municipality.
there has been utter misrule over the past two decades, deora said.
chavan also slammed modi for his statement in a haridwar election rally on friday where he had said the bjp had a detailed dossier on the congress leaders.
fadnavis had made a similar statement in the state previously.
now the pm has repeated it.
this is extremely shameful and marks a new low in politics, he said, adding sarcastically, if they are aware of some wrongdoing committed by any opposition leader why havent they acted against him?
both of them should be booked for abetment of crime in that case.
chavan added, this is nothing but dangling a sword to threaten and blackmail opposition leaders.
they (the bjp) have been using all sort of tricks to break people away from other political parties, including veiled threats of ordering an inquiry and cash inducements.
this is politics of the lowest degree, chavan said.
when the bjp announced pratap patil chikhalikar as its candidate for nanded, state congress president and nanded mp ashok chavan had been dismissive.
at election rallies, the former chief minister had mocked, which party has he not been in?
advertisingthat was an allusion to chikhalikars background.
the mla from loha, who won on a shiv sena ticket in the 2014 lok sabha polls, had just quit the ncp before the election.
before that, he had been elected as an mla in 2004, having contested as an independent upon not getting a congress ticket, but going on to become a supporter of then chief minister vilasrao deshmukh.
in fact, chikhalikars political journey began in the congress in nanded, as an aide to shankarrao chavan, former maharashtra chief minister and ashok chavans father.
the congress camp in nanded retains its scorn for the man who has just defeated chavan, saying the chavan family bastion of two generations could not have been breached but for the vanchit bahujan aghadi, whose candidate yashpal bhinge polled 1,65,341 votes, effectively splitting the congress dalit-muslim votebank.
chavan lost by 40,010 votes.
advertisingthe bjp-sena camp, on the other hand, claimed chavan is paying for some arrogant comments.
he called me chillar (small change) during the campaign, but the people of nanded have decided who is negligible and who is not, chikhalikar told the indian express on friday evening as he prepared to leave for new delhi.
the two-term mla said he didnt let the insults weigh him down.
the person who insults an opponent is never the bigger person.
in 2017, ahead of elections to the nanded-waghala municipal corporation, the sena mla had set off rumours when he received a visit at home from bjp state president raosaheb danve.
the october 2017 election saw the congress gaining in strength in the corporation, going from 41 to 72 corporators in the 81-member body.
the sena and bjp contested separately then.
we will now plan ahead for the vidhan sabha polls, and the bjp as well as sena candidates in nanded will win handsomely, chikhalikar said, adding that he has a well-defined plan ready for nanded, including for water supply, better railway connectivity and industries.
unemployment is very high in nanded, i intend to solve that, he said.
bjp leaders in nanded said the plan to wrest the seat was in the making for two years at least, with chief minister devendrafadnavis himself taking charge of the strategy.
over the last few years, several senior congressmen in the district have moved to the bjp, including myself and former mla om prakash pokarna.
ashokraos connection with the people of nanded has also been on the wane, said bhaskarrao khatgaonkar, bjp state vice-president, former congress mp and chavans brother-in-law, who had a bitter falling out with the former cm in recent years.
the strategy was to use this, the fact that there are some people in the congress who are angry, and anti-incumbency.
chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (file photo)maharashtra pradesh congress committee (mpcc) on saturday demanded that the devendrafadnavis government should announce a loan waiver for farmers in the state on lines of the promise given by bjp in the poll bound uttar pradesh and punjab.
in a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , mpcc spokesman sachin sawant said it was surprising to note that bjp has assured loan waiver for farmers in uttar pradesh and punjab if voted to power.
watch what else is making news:in the last two years (eversince the bjp government came to power), condition of farmers has deteriorated.
there has been a rise in incidences of farmers suicides.
even those districts which were no suicide areas, are witnessing these cases, the letter mentions.
he said in osmanabad district between august 2014 to august 2015, 136 cases of alleged farmer suicides were reported.
however, after it was declared suicide free district, the deaths between august 2015 to august 2016 were 172.
the government can only give a loan waiver as relief.
opposition raised the plight of farmers in the legislature repeatedly in the last two years.
however, the state government did not yield to the demand, says the letter written by sawant.
maharashtra has seen highest number of farmers suicides, more than that in uttar pradesh and punjab, he said adding the states capacity to repay its loan is more than other states.
sawant said in maharashtra, bjp government does not provide loan waiver to farmers, but makes such a promise in poll bound states.
this is injustice to our state.
we demand that the state government announce loan waiver immediately, said sawant.
at navi mumbai apmc on tuesday.
narendra vaskar at navi mumbai apmc on tuesday.
narendra vaskarfollowing the steep decline in prices that has adversely hit onion growers, the state government on tuesday has decided to give a subsidy of rs 100 per quintal to the farmers.
the decision was taken at a meeting of state cabinet, chaired by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
big relief.
maharashtra cabinet decides to give grant of rs100/quintal to onion producing farmers, fadnavis tweeted after the cabinet meeting.
farmers who sold onion produce in apmcs from july 1 to august 31, eligible to avail this grant.
each farmer to get relief up to 200 quintals, he said.
it would be extended to farmers who have sold their crop to the state agriculture producing market committee for month of july and august.
the subsidy would, however, not be applicable for the mumbai market committee.
due to surplus onion yield, wholesale prices of onion have drastically come down.
farmers in nashik recently sold onions at 5 paise per kg.
this year, the estimated production of the onion is 2.
30 crore metric tonnes against domestic consumption of 1.
30 crore metric tonnes.
shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
(file photo) shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
(file photo)a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis hit out at the former bjp ally for alleged extortion, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray hit back and said there was a fear among many that fadnavis had become the cm of goons.
the sena had earlier alleged that the bjp had gone on a spree to absorb people with criminal antecedents into the party.
watch what else is making newsthe earlier image of the cm has been maligned.
people now fear if he has become the chief minister of goons, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray said while talking to reporters in mumbai.
fadnavis had saturday launched a blistering attack on the shiv sena, in the aftermath of the latter deciding to snap ties with the bjp for the civic polls.
addressing a gathering of bjp workers in mumbai as part of the partys vijay sankalp melava (resolve for victory rally) in goregaon saturday, the same venue where uddhav had on january 26 announced the split, fadnavis alleged that sena was into extortion, calling uddhav duryodhana.
he had also alleged that the sena was not keen to bring transparency into the functioning of urban local bodies such as the brihanmumbai municipal corporation.
the cm had earlier said no one can become the prime minister simply by giving a speech from red fort.
similarly, nobody becomes lord krishna just because one thinks (of himself) so, uddhav said while taking a swipe at the cm who mumbai bjp chief ashish shelar had referred to as krishna.
uddhav thackeray also taunted the bjp for failing to honour its poll promise of building a ram temple in ayodhya.
he said, they (the bjp) must be looking for the bricks they had collected earlier.
if they find those bricks, may be they will build the temple.
mandir banayenge, par kab banayenge (you will build the temple, but when will you), asked the sena chief.
meanwhile, the sena continued to target the chief minister sunday, with senior leader and rajya sabha mp sanjay raut threatening to show the cm the partys might.
we respect the post of cm, not the person sitting on the position.
he should resign from that position and then say things about the sena.
the sena will then show what it really is made of, raut said in goa.
industry leaders, while appreciating reforms undertaken by the government to improve ease of doing business in the state, have suggested that additional measures be put in place.
their suggestions include changing the attitudes of government officials and utilising the maharashtra industrial development corporations (midcs) land bank in a better way.
they were speaking at a session on ease of doing business at the magnetic maharashtra summit in bkc tuesday.
at the ground level, the attitude of the government officials needs to change, said robin banerjee, managing director of caprihans india ltd. banerjee narrated an incident in which raw material for a unit was not released by a customs officer, leading to the closure of a factory for seven days.
he added that the cost of doing business should be reduced and that land banks with the midc should be utilised better.
vineet agarwal, group head (direct taxation) of jsw steel ltd, agreed that the mindset of government officials needed to change.
we are still in the mindset of the seventies, he said.
praveen pardeshi, additional chief secretary to chief minister devendrafadnavis , gave a presentation on reforms undertaken by the government for improved ease of doing business.
b'police officers and civic officials are currently looking for a suitable location for the pimpri-chinchwad police commissionerate and police headquarters.
till now, if local police failed to help, residents of pimpri-chinchwad had to travel 20-25 km to the pune police commissionerate.
for the commissionerate, officials are looking for a centralised location.
we have inspected a few spots where the new building for the police commissionerate and the police headquarters could be established.
we are looking at areas such as pradhikaran, punawale and moshi where there is ample space for setting up the commissionerate and the police headquarters, municipal commissioner shravan hardikar told pune newsline wednesday.
hardikar added that no spot has been finalised.
asked whether bhosari midc was one of the areas the pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation (pcmc) was looking at, hardikar said, moshi, bhosari midc and nehru nagar-masulkar areasare being considered.
the problem with ha ground is that pcmc has reserved it for other purposes.
till a new office is constructed, the temporary office building is likely to be inaugurated on may 1, maharashtra day, he added.
pune police commissioner rashmi shukla confirmed that the process for setting up a new police commissionerate and a police headquarter for pimpri-chinchwad has started.
we have already sent our proposal to the state government regarding setting up of the commissionerate, headquarters and requirement of manpower, she said.
deputy commissioner of police (zone 3) ganesh shinde said before the new building is set up, they are ready to shift to another building where the new police commissionerate could start functioning.
for this, we have suggested a part of pcntda office in nigdi-pradhikaran or f office building of pcmc in nigdi-pradhikaran, a school in chinchwad or space near d y patil college in pimpri.
as for the school in chinchwad, it can be shifted to a new pcmc building nearby, he said.
shinde said the location near d y patil college will not be easily accessible.
therefore, we would prefer the divisional office building, which is easily accessible to people, like in nigdi, he said.
he added that to set up a separate police commissionerate, the civic body needs a 10-acre plot, and 40 acres for the headquarters.
he said the commissionerate will have two dcp zone offices.
the new police commissionerate will have a bigger jurisdiction, including talegaon, dehu road, alandi and even chakan, he said.
police officers said, at present, there were nine police stations in the area, while five  in talegaon, dehu road, alandi, dighi and chakan  will be set up.
talegaon, alandi and chakan do not come under pimpri-chinchwads jurisdiction, while parts of dehu road do.
dehu road police currently work under the pune rural police.
dighi, though, is part of pimpri-chinchwad.
the new commissionerate will require about 5,000 personnel.
deputy commissioner of police (headquarters 2) sheshrao suryavanshi said, they have already sent a fresh proposal to the state government regarding the manpower so far, we dont know if the government will recruit new staff or additional staff will be accommodated here.
police sources said the project would cost an estimated rs 300 crore, which will include construction of the new buildings, manpower, infrastructure, vehicles and salaries.
activist maruti bhapkar said the demand for setting up a separate police commissionerate was made more than 10 years ago.
the crime rate in pimpri-chinchwad and its surrounding areas has been soaring the police, as of now, look ill-equipped to tackle the rising crime graph, he said.
pimpri-chinchwad has a population of around 20 lakh, which is rapidly growing.
therefore, the decision to set up a commissionerate makes sense, he added.
the maharashtra government has incorporated an anti-discriminatory clause in the rules under the real estate (regulation and development) act (rera) to provide recourse to prospective buyers who are denied a house by builders owing to their caste, ethnic origin, gender, sexual orientation, dietary choices or any such factor.
chief minister devendrafadnavis approved the rules tuesday.
the move comes in the wake of several cases in the state, especially in mumbai, where builders have refused to sell apartments based on a buyers religion, marital status or dietary preferences.
the draft rules for implementation of the law governing real estate, which were notified by the state government in the run-up to the elections, has now been finalised and will come into effect by next week.
under the new rules, approved parking spaces (covered) can now be sold.
in a bid to regulate these sales, the government has mandated that developers must formally disclose details of this sale.
the government has also permitted builders to even demarcate such parking spaces as sold.
prevailing rules grant cooperative housing societies powers to distribute parking space among members.
in december 2016, maharashtra became the countrys seventh state to notify draft rules for the implementation of rera.
though the centre, which passed the act last year, had given all states and union territories a deadline of october 31, only uttar pradesh, gujarat, madhya pradesh, delhi, chandigarh, karnataka and maharashtra had notified their state-specific rules then.
some of the clauses that were excluded in the earlier draft have now been included.
these clauses include a provision requiring developers to make public on the proposed housing regulators website disclosures pertaining to building approvals obtained.
another provision requires the developers to make similar disclosures regarding their past track record of project delivery.
a key provision that the states draft rules mandate is that the developers must make disclosures regarding the marketability of the title of the land, which is not mentioned in the centres draft.
this rule will save the common man from examining voluminous documents pertaining to the title of the land, said a senior official.
further, for filing a complaint with the housing authority, a flat buyer or a complainant will have to pay a fee of rs 5,000.
the amount initially fixed was rs 10,000, while state officials argued that this would deter frivolous complaints, questions were raised over this restriction imposed on an aggrieved flat buyer.
following opposition, the complaint fee was reduced to half.
this fee fixed in the centres draft is just rs 1,000.
while the registration fees for brokers/real estate agents have been slashed, the same has been increased for builders/developers.
meanwhile, the new act will restrict the practice of selling a flat to the customer without having put a building slab or without obtaining a commencement certificate (cc) for a housing project.
the act disallows selling or advertising a flat sale before the commencement certificate is in place.
all advertisements done even after obtaining a cc will have to be done with a proper registration number, said an official.
also, while the rules aim to safeguard interests of flat buyers, the government has also retained a provision that allows developers to cancel a sale agreement with a buyer if the latter is found to have dishonoured any of the terms and conditions under the agreement.
a builder can cancel a sale agreement if a buyer defaults three times, said the official.
after accusing revenue minister chandrakant patil of wrongdoing, the opposition on friday mounted an offensive on chief minister devendra fadnavis.
advertisingncp leader in the assembly, jayant patil, accused the fadnavis-led urban development department of releasing vast tracts of land, meant for construction of social and affordable housing of the poorer sections, for the benefit of some of the countrys top business families and a clutch of builders.
in a controversial move taken ahead of the lok sabha elections, the state cabinet had approved the departments proposal to lift curbs imposed on the development of vacant lands exempted under the erstwhile urban land (ceiling and regulation) act, 1976.
it is a rs 20000-crore fraud.
land meant for the housing of the poor has been parcelled out to the rich, alleged patil, during a discussion in the legislative assembly.
while the act, which was subsequently repealed for maharashtra in 2007, had imposed a ceiling limit on the extent of vacant land a person could hold across 64 urban agglomerates in india to prevent concentration of urban land in a few hands, it had also contained provisions allowing states to exempt surplus vacant lands from this ceiling limit by imposing stringent conditions on their development.
advertisingin maharashtra, the obligation included surrendering 5 per cent of the tenements (40-80 sq m in size) built on such land free of cost to the government, which were to be used for housing of weaker sections for implementing residential schemes.
further, the state was to have a say in determining the pricing for the sale of the remaining 95 per cent component.
also, no change of use was permitted for such land.
in the case of industrial and agricultural plots exempted from the ceiling limit, there was a rider prohibiting any change of use or trading of such land without governments prior permission.
but in november last year, the cabinet had approved a proposal permitting such land holders to wiggle out of the obligations of surrendering flats or land to the government for affordable housing on the payment of a premium.
incidentally, the move was even under consideration of the previous congress government, of which patil was a cabinet member.
patil alleged that dilution had come at the instance of top builders.
top business families, industrial houses, and landowners holding vacant lands in the space-starved mumbai metropolitan region (mmr) are set to emerge as the biggest beneficiaries of the move.
the region accounts for 5,582 acres of such exempted vacant land.
the state governments move has been challenged in the supreme court.
fadnavis did not respond to the allegations.
meanwhile, patil also raised an allegation against bjp chief whip raj purohit, alleging that he had misused the ministers official letterhead when he was a minister of state (urban development) in the shiv sena-bjp led government in 1998.
according to patil, then mos (urban development) had issued an official letter to a pune builder stating that the vacant surplus land he held was exempted.
i have a response from the department that no such file or matter was ever processed.
the departments response was availed under the right to information act, said patil.
when contacted, purohit said that he does not remember any such letter.
let him make allegations.
i am not answerable to him, he added.
the congress on tuesday trained its guns on chief minister devendrafadnavis , alleging that the cm-led mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) had tweaked the process for the appointment of contractors for a rs 914 crore project related to the mumbai metro rail construction.
advertisingaccusing the government of promoting select contractors, maharashtra congress spokesperson sachin sawant claimed that conditions of the tender for the construction of metro rail bhavan  a centralised operation and control centre for the mumbai metro rail network  in mumbais aarey colony were tweaked to favour a particular contractor.
most of the qualification conditions mentioned in the original tender document were later modified for tailoring it to suit the contractor in question, alleged sawant, demanding a high-level inquiry into the development and contending that the sanctity of the tender itself was vitiated.
the opposition party also released official papers in this regard.
the oppositions accusation comes at a time when the mmrda, which has received three bids for the project, is about to appoint a contractor.
without naming the contractor, sawant further alleged that a south india-based infrastructure conglomerate would benefit from the changes.
advertisinghowever, additional metropolitan commissioner sonia sethi refuted the allegations.
she claimed that the changes incorporated were necessary to meet the specific requirements of the project.
she said: this is a highly specialised project.
some of specifications were modified to meet the technical requirements of the project following consultations with experts and stakeholders.
the bids have been responsive.
we have received a response from three elite infrastructure companies, which are in the process of evaluation.
on april 15, the mmrda had first floated tenders for the design and construction of the metro bhavan amid protest by a section of green enthusiasts, who are against the construction inside the aarey colony.
on may 31, official papers show that the agency issued a corrigendum, revising as many as 13 conditions related to the technical and financial eligibility criteria.
never before have so many parameters of a contract been revised without refloating a tender, claimed sawant.
for instance, the original tender had mentioned that an interested contractor must have a net worth of above rs 61 crore in 2018-19.
this was later revised to mandate a net worth of rs 60 crore annually for the last five years.
similarly, the annual turnover requirement for the last five years was altered from rs 244 crore to rs 250 crore and above.
the metro bhavan is designed to be a 32-storey structure spread over a built-up space of 89,776 square metres.
it is estimated to cost rs 913.
96 crore.
the official papers, released by the congress on monday, also indicated that the criteria regarding the minimum work experience to qualify for bidding were also modified later.
the government had also enhanced various clauses related to performance security  earnest money deposit and bank guarantees  at the later date.
sawant also alleged that the new tender conditions were also not in keeping with the guidelines issued by the central vigilance committee (cvc).
the cvc guidelines state that the pre-qualification criteria for awarding a civil work contract must be clearly listed.
it also advocates that the process adopted must be transparent and competitive.
one could understand if some of the conditions were modified to enhance competitiveness of the bid, but here the qualification criteria was made more stringent later to weed out competition, sawant said.
mumbai.
a campaign to highlight the plight of farmers was launched here on tuesday to commemorate the birth anniversary of social reformer jyotiba phule.
the 11-day devendra to narendra asud yatra (hunter procession), organised by prahaar sanghatana of independent mla bachhu kadu and shetkari sanghatana, will cover several districts of maharashtra.
kadu, who represents achlapur constituency in amravati district, said the yatra had started at the hometown of chief minister devendrafadnavis and would culminate at vadnagar in gujarat, the birthplace of prime minister narendra modi.
the purpose of the yatra is to highlight the plight of farmers and remind modi of his promise of implementing the swaminathan commissions recommendation to fix the minimum support price to ensure 50 per cent profit on the cost of production for farmers.
the other demands include complete loan waiver, permanent lifting of export ban on farm produce, pds subsidy deposition directly in the beneficiary accounts of farmers, rs 5,000 pension for widows and physically challenged.
after backbay reclamation and bandra-kurla complex (bkc), mumbai is set to get its third commercial business district.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has approved the plan to transform wadala into the commercial centre on the lines of the bkc.
advertisingon september 16, the cm-led urban development department notified modification in the development control rules for the implementation of the move.
the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda), which was notified as the regions special planning authority in 2005, has proposed to set up a business district over 64 hectares.
it was first set in motion in january last year, when the mmrdas directorial board, headed by the cm, sanctioned the proposal, which was later submitted to the government for approval.
advertisingwadala was originally meant to be developed as an inter-state bus and truck terminus.
but with several luxury residential and commercial projects coming up in central mumbai, developers and land builders have long been eyeing the wadala truck terminus land.
in june 2010, an empowered committee, under the chairmanship of then chief secretary, has first recommended that the shifting of the truck terminus and development of the region as a business district.
the proposed new business district will also be the first to be developed on the lines of the transit oriented development (tod) model in mumbai.
ironically, the mumbai municipality, while formulating the citys development plan, has opposed the tod model, which advocates higher buildable area for plot near transportation facilities.
public transportation in the area has been beefed up due to the monorail service.
the region is also to be serviced by a proposed metro rail route.
further, the mumbai port trust has proposed a revamp of its own land in the region, with a plan to convert it into a recreation and an entertainment hub.
the government has proposed mixed use in the new business district.
while commercial development will be the mainstay as per the modified land use, residential construction will be permitted on a portion of plots in the region.
according to the government, the new location, once developed, will also provide mmrda an additional source of income to fund big ticket infrastructure projects.
the mmrda has traditionally raised revenues through land leasing and monetisation.
sources, however, said height restrictions imposed on construction activity in the region, owing to its proximity to the airport, might affect the plan.
chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday said a probe would be conducted into irregularities in tree-cutting in the mumbai metropolitan region in the period between 2010 and 2016.
while stating that strict action would be taken against violators, fadnavis said, a web-based model will be evolved to keep a record of every tree, and also track the progress of replantation drives launched after infrastructure projects.
he was responding in the assembly to allegations by bjp and shiv sena members that illegal tree cutting was being allowed to favour developers.
bjp mla ashish shelar said, in nahur village in mumbais suburbs, illegal tree cutting was sanctioned by the civic corporation to favour developer piramal realty.
in the past five years, more than 25,000 trees were chopped to pave way for piramal projects.
in an indirect dig at the sena, he added: now that 3,000 trees have to be replanted for metro services, some are protesting.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
(pti photo) maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
(pti photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has condoled the death of three soldiers from the state in avalanches in jammu and kashmir.
fadnavis said he was pained by the death of soldiers anand gavai, sanju khandare and vikas samundare, and paid tributes to them.
he tweeted, pained to know that 3 brave soldiers from maharashtra lost their life in #bandipura avalanche.
my salutes to the courage shown by anand gavai & sanju khandare from akola and vikas samundare from beed.
at least 14 soldiers were killed after snow avalanches hit an army post and patrol party in gurez sector, close to line of control (loc) in north kashmirs bandipora district of jammu and kashmir, earlier this week.
image for representational purposes.
image for representational purposes.
the crop loan outlay for the year 2017-18 is expected to be around rs 58,662 crore, an increase of around rs 7,000 crore from last years outlay of rs 51,235 crore.
however, 11 district central cooperative banks (dccbs) would find it difficult to meet their targets in view of their economic condition.
kishore tiwari, chairman of the committee to alleviate farm poverty, said the increase in crop loan outlay was taken in view of a possible increase in crop area this year.
district central cooperative banks have given given a target of rs 20,000 crore.
in case the dccbs are not able to meet their target, the public sector banks (psbs) will be asked to step in, he said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis is expected to chair the annual crop outlay meeting towards the last week of april.
officers of the cooperative department said 11 out of the 34 dccbs will find it difficult to meet their targets.
marathwada and vidarbha have four banks each while three banks are in north maharashtra.
recovery of these banks have been slow and they have faced liquidity problems.
it was feared some banks would not be able to meet the 9 per cent capital to risk weighted asset ratio (crar) necessary to retain their banking licence.
having low targets for disbursal, dccbs actually cater to more number of farmers, with majority of their account-holders being small and medium farmers.
vijay ghonse patil, managing director of osmanabad dccb, said that according to the initial calculations, the bank will have to disburse rs 225 crore as crop loans.
we have received rs 160 crore from the maharashtra state cooperative (msc) bank and are trying to raise the remaining amount from other sources, he said.
thanks to the special measures taken to recover bad debts, the dccb has been able to meet its crar and thus saved its licence.
post demonetisation, the dccbs have faced serious problems with liquidity as the reserve bank of india put several restrictions on them.
not only were the banks disbarred from accepting or exchanging old currency notes, but also the old notes in their accounts were not remitted.
these banks have around rs 3,000 crore in old notes with them.
tiwari said the state government should take into account the problems faced by the dccbs and take adequate steps.
often, it is believed that politicians have to be cunning or street smart but that is not a fact, he said.
the greater attributes of academic excellence of politicians or their hard work are often underplayed or not considered, he added while addressing a gathering through video conference in mumbai on wednesday.
the occasion was the launch of the indian institute of democratic leadership, an initiative of rambhau mhalgi prabodhini.
it is a post graduate programme of nine months with an objective to train students in leadership, politics and governance.
vinay sahasrabuddhe, vice- president of the prabodhini mhalgi trust, said: the purpose of this academic course for which rs 2.
5 lakh will be charged from students, who will be provided with lodging and boarding, was to develop leadership and give an insight into the sociopolitical realities of india.
author amish tripathi and mumbai university vice-chancellor dr sanjay deshmukh also spoke at the programme.
even as rajendra shirke, the steno in pcmc commissioners office trapped by anti corruption bureau, was remanded in 4-day police custody on tuesday, the acb said it would summon top officials of pcmc if required in the case and would not spare anyone.
we believe that shirke is a small fry in the case and there are top officials at whose behest he was working, said acb officials, causing tremors among the pcmc officialdom who, civic activists alleged, had long gotten away with their shady deals.
while pcmc standing committee tuesday ordered an independent probe into the matter, shiv sena mp shrirang barne tuesday wrote to chief minister devendrafadnavis , demanding a probe against pcmc commissioner, building permission department and the town planning department.
after the acb trapped shirke at pcmc headquarters taking a bribe of rs 12 lakh on monday evening for approving projects of a thergaon builder, acb officials were not much forthcoming vis-a-vis action against those purportedly behind shirke.
however, acb superintendent of police shirish sardeshpande on tuesday told this paper that acb would summon and probe all those officials if shirke names them.
there is no question of sparing anybody.
if any names come up, they will certainly be probed and necessary action will be taken, sardeshpande said.
the investigation in the case, acb officials said, is going on and once shirke spills the beans, they would proceed further in the matter.
acb officials said shirke had told the builder that he would get the file approved from the commissioner.
whatever you do, you wont be able to get the filed approvedonly i can do that, shirke allegedly boasted about his prowess to the builder in the pcmc headquarters.
after which the builder contacted acb, which laid the trap and nabbed shirke while accepting the bribe in the parking of the pcmc building in pimpri-chinchwad.
shirke has been working in the commissioners office as steno, but has also served as personal assistant of successive commissioners, pcmc officials said.
meanwhile, shiv sena mp shrirang barne on tuesday wrote a letter to cm, demanding an investigation into all the projects sanctioned by outgoing municipal commissioner dinesh waghmare during his 11-month tenure.
shirke is certainly not alone and was not working on his own.
it is clear that there are some bigger brains working behind him.
i have urged the cm to launch an investigation into the rampant corruption in pcmc, he said.
when contacted, waghmare said, let there be an investigation into the matter.
i have nothing to hide.
barne said it is a well-known fact that the officials of the building permission department and the town planning department work beyond official hours.
why should they work till 11 pm when the office hours get over by 6 pm?
this is a matter of investigation, he said.
in the standing committee meeting on tuesday, chairperson seema savale said it was a matter of grave concern that an employee of the commissioners office had been caught taking bribe.
savale directed the civic administration to carry out an independent probe.
additional municipal commissioner tanaji shinde since acb was carrying out the probe, pcmc would not do so.
however, savale insisted that all mole holes should be rid from pcmc offices.
savale said that the information boards about contacting acb should be put up in all offices of pcmc.
we will not tolerate any form of corruption.
we have promised a transparent governance and the bjp is committed to ensuring that in pcmc, savale told this paper after the committee meeting.
in pcmc on tuesday, officials shied away from openly discussing the issue.
some wore stunned looks and spoke in hushed tones.
those who demand money for approving projects seem to be shocked, said a senior employee.
shirke in shockacb officials said rajendra shirke, who was apparently working in the commissioners office for more than 10 years, is in a state of shock.
he is nervous and depressedhe said his life has been ruined, said acb officials.
shirke apparently broke down while being grilled by officials.
an acb official said shirke does not seem to be working on his own.
there could be others getting it done from him, the official said.
advertisingin an interview to the indian express in aurangabad last week, during his state-wide janadesh yatra, fadnavis sought to lay to rest the hit-and-run battles between various second-rung leaders of the bjp and sena over claims to chief ministership if the alliance won.
in a democracy we should leave it to people.
so if we have done a good job, which i think we have, people will elect us back.
the bjp parliamentary board under the leadership of prime minister narendra modi is empowered to choose the cm.
however, the political situation is such that they will choose me, he said.
read | fadnavis will be cm for second term, says amit shahadvertisingabout the alliance with the sena, fadnavis said, at least what i know, at the top in delhi and maharashtra, there is no confusion.
we will fight in alliance, it will be a mandate for the alliance, and very soon the details will be made public.
the bjps alliance with the sena was not a need-based alliance, the cm said, but one based on common ideology.
we fought together for the lok sabha elections, and we have decided to continue the alliance for the vidhan sabha elections.
in 2014, for very few seats, we broke our alliance.
but (neither of us) was happy.
but we have understood, we have learnt a lot, that we should stay together.
in alliances sometimes you gain, sometimes you have to sacrifice something.
asked if the bjp would sacrifice the chief ministership, fadnavis said, the talk about chief ministers position is talk by unauthorised people.
what has been agreed is known to me, amitbhai and uddhavji.
at the appropriate time, you will also come to know about that.
i have already said in the vidhan sabha that i am coming back as chief minister.
there should be no doubt.
he also said there had been no discussions between the two parties on sharing the chief ministership.
fadnavis admitted that along with the rest of the country, maharashtra too had started feeling the pinch of the economic slowdown, and said it was a concern as the automobile sector in the state had been affected.
he was hopeful that remonetisation through the rbis transfer of rs 1.
76 trillion to the government and other measures announced by the finance ministry would act as a stimulus.
yes it is a concern and certain businesses also expressed their concern that they will not be able to run their businesses with huge manpower.
major impact is in the automobile sector.
maharashtra accounts for 40 per cent of the automobile sector, he said, while adding that finance minister nirmala sitharaman had addressed the issues of the sector regarding the switchover to improved grades of emission standards.
he said the revocation of j&ks special status would be an issue in the coming maharashtra elections because every single person in every state, barring 2-3 per cent, supports it, and that the people of maharashtra feel it (kashmir) should be an integral part of the country.
fadnavis has been touring maharashtra since august 1 in an early start to his poll campaign.
he covered the vidarbha region in the first leg of the janadesh yatra and after a gap due to the floods in kolhapur and sangli, resumed the yatra in marathwada.
he has been holding public meetings during the yatra.
his speeches begin by listing all that his government has done, and end with references to the 2016 surgical strikes, the february 2019 balakot air strikes, the abrogation of article 370, and how pm modi had made india strong through these actions.
nirupam lashed out at shiv sena saying it lacked guts to pull down the bjp government in the state.
(file photo) nirupam lashed out at shiv sena saying it lacked guts to pull down the bjp government in the state.
talking to reporters, nirupam alleged that bjp is yet come out of its bihar assembly poll defeat.
shiv sena and bjp are trying to hide the failures of governance in mumbai municipal corporation for the last two decades.
when bjp doesnt have answers, they end up insulting bihar and uttar pradesh.
earlier too, fadnavis had questioned bihars dna.
he has baati chokha with north indians only for the sake of votes, nirupam said.
he said that the two saffron parties were responsible for the ills troubling the city.
to divert attention of the people, to cover up for their inefficiency and failures and to garner major media space ahead of the elections, these two parties are fighting against each other, he alleged.
the corrupt functioning of the civic body cannot be possible without bjps support to sena, he said alleging separate contests were match fixing.
bjp president amit shah said the sena-bjp are in a friendly fight for civic polls while minister chandrakant patil has said both parties will come to together after the results, nirupam recalled.
bjp looks down upon people from uttar pradesh and bihar and targets them when things are not going its way.
they have deep-rooted hatred for people from these two states.
fadnavis should withdraw his statement regarding patna and apologise, nirupam demanded adding that cms comments have hurt people from the region.
we are exploring legal options to take on the chief minister for his comments.
asking for votes is violation of a supreme court order against use of caste, region religion for seeking votes, he said.
nirupam lashed out at shiv sena saying it lacked guts to pull down the bjp government in the state.
bjp calls sena a party of extortionists and sena calls bjp a party of goons.
unfortunately, both parties are ruling the state and the centre, he said.
yesterday, addressing a rally in mumbai, fadnavis accused uddhav thackerays party of destroying the metropolis, and claimed that in terms of development, mumbai now stood in the same league with patna (mumbai ka vikas dekho kitna hua.
.
patna ke sath lake khada kar diya.
union minister nitin gadkari will this evening inaugurate a two-day long state executive meeting of the maharashtra unit of bjp in pimpri chinchwad area near here.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , partys state unit chief raosaheb danve, ministers, mlas, mps and officer bearers from across the state will attend the meet, party sources said.
they said gadkari will inaugurate the meeting at the ramkrishna more auditorium at 4 pm.
according to sources, the meeting will deliberate on issues like farm loan waiver, bjps performance in the recently concluded civic and local body elections.
mehta also directed officials to act against contractors who have failed to repair potholes on roads under the defect liability period (dlp).
(express photo) mehta also directed officials to act against contractors who have failed to repair potholes on roads under the defect liability period (dlp).
(express photo)amid talks of shiv sena and congress moving a no-confidence motion against municipal commissioner ajoy mehta over the pothole issue, the civic chief has given a fresh deadline of october 17 to officials and engineers to ensure that roads across the city are repaired urgently.
at a meeting with the deputy commissioners and additional commissioners on friday, mehta directed the officials to also initiate action against the contractors who had failed in repairing potholes on roads that fall under the defect liability period (dlp) of their contracts.
in the last standing committee meeting on thursday, shiv sena leader yashodhar phanse had stated that the party would call for a no-confidence motion against mehta.
phanse, supported by corporators from all parties, had said the civic chief had failed to repair the potholes in the city despite several reminders, including one from chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the committee members had rejected the report submitted by chief engineer of the roads department sanjay darade, which did not detail action taken specifically to repair potholes.
in fridays meeting, where the ongoing and proposed road works were discussed, mehta directed the dmcs to fill in the potholes by october 17 for all the roads, including the ones which fall under the dlp category.
he further asked the dmcs to initiate action against the dlp contractors if they fail to repair the potholes within the given deadline.
the commissioner has issued directions to repair the potholes if the dlp contractors fail to do so and to take strict action against them, including charging a penalty.
starting october 17, work is set to begin on 100 roads in the city and the roads department is planning to start work on 300 roads by the end of the month.
by march, the civic body plans to start work on 1,004 roads across the city.
apart from monitoring the work, mehta has also asked the dmcs and amcs to conduct periodic visits to ensure that the work is being completed in time and is of good quality.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)cracking the whip on the lackadaisical approach of various departments in tackling malnutrition, chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday directed the department heads to frame a comprehensive nutrition policy and submit a report in 15 days.
stating that tackling malnutrition is not the job of only one department, he said all departments related to welfare of children and women, tribal welfare and health should tackle the problem through a unified policy.
he directed ministries to work out a policy to make maharashtra malnutrition free, and take measures to counter the menace.
minister for tribal welfare vishnu sawara, food and civil supplies minister girish bapat, health minister deepak sawant, minister of state for women and child welfare vidya thakur were present at the meeting, along with officials of the departments.
a video conferencing with district collectors of dhule, palghar, nashik, amravati, yavatmal, gadchiroli and ahmednagar was held to review the situation and come up with solutions.
fadnavis wondered why vacant posts in health department remained unfilled, sources said.
he asked why projects are not being implemented in letter and spirit though they look ideal on paper.
if anganwadi workers are not being paid for six months it is a serious matter, he said.
nitin gadkari, minister of shipping, road transport & highways.
(pti photo) nitin gadkari, minister of shipping, road transport & highways.
(pti photo)a day after the bmc polls threw up a fractured verdict, senior bjp leader nitin gadkari today said there is no option for his party and shiv sena than joining hands for control of the mumbai civic body.
the situation now is that both parties have no option but to come together again, gadkari said.
the final decision on this issue has to be taken by chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
both are mature and i am sure they will take the right decision, he said.
watch video | a quick look at final tally of bmc election & pmc election results 2017i feel leaders of both parties have to take a decision, showing sujh bujh (understanding) and maturity, gadkari told a marathi tv channel.
he singled out sena mouthpiece saamana for its targeting of pm narendra modi and bjp president amit shah.
if there has to be a friendship with us (bjp), then there has to be a check on the writings in saamana.
how will there be friendship when saamana, on a daily basis, writes insulting things about the pm and our party president?
he said.
i feel that had these things been avoided, there would not have been so much bitterness between bjp and sena, gadkari said.
shiv sena should take care that relations between the two parties should not deteriorate because of saamana, he said.
gadkaris remarks came a day after the bjp scored an emphatic win in the maharashtra civic polls, emerging as the largest party in eight of the 10 municipal corporations, while finishing a close second to shiv sena in bmc elections.
the bjp improved its 2012 bmc poll performance by leaps and bounds, winning 82 seats, just two less than sena.
both the parties are short of the magic figure of 114 needed to control the civic body.
the bjp also led the seat tally in elections to 25 zilla parishads and 283 panchayat samitis in maharashtra, which have traditionally been strongholds of congress and ncp.
the state government tuesday joined hands with about 40 ngos to control sale of illegal tobacco in state along with measures to implement cigarettes and other tobacco products act (cotpa).
since july 2016 until february 2017, the state government has issued 2,195 challans and collected rs 1.
30 lakh fine under section 4 (smoking in public places) and section 6 (selling tobacco to minors) of cotpa.
we will continue to take action against offenders under cotpa.
while complete ban cannot help reduce tobacco consumption, awareness and education of its harmful effects can reduce the habit, said vijay satbir singh, additional secretary of health department.
with may 31 observed as the world no tobacco day, ngo salaam bombay released a survey of 313 tobacco vendors near stations and schools that found 97.
4 per cent vendors sold lose cigarettes in contravention to cotpa.
the survey conducted in march this year also found that at least 107 shops sold lose cigarettes near schools leading to higher chances of schoolchildren purchasing it.
india has an estimated 27.
5 crore tobacco consumers.
maharashtra is one of the worst affected states with around 2 crore people addicted to some form of tobacco.
this coalition is the first steps towards tobacco control over the next few years, said chief minister devendra fadnavis.
as many as 100 maharashtra police officers with a background in science will be trained in various branches of forensic science by the maharashtra forensic science laboratory (fsl).
these officers would then be attached to the 45 forensic van units that have been rolled out across the state to collect evidence from crime scenes.
the pilot project is in keeping with the governments aim to improve conviction rate in police cases.
an fsl official said the maharashtra police chiefs office has nominated as many as 100 officers from across the state who had graduated in the science stream.
a 20-day training course has been designed for them.
the officers, from police-sub inspector to higher ranks, will be given knowledge about all forensic divisions, such as how dna samples are tested and how ballistics test are conducted on weapons.
they will also be given study material.
the aim is to ensure that they get proper knowledge about what samples are to be collected when they reach the crime scene, the official said.
scientific evidence is crucial in a court.
in the past, fsl officials had complained that untrained policemen would send samples from the crime scene that were of little use, leaving out important ones.
even though the samples were not of any help it would increase our workload.
sometimes, crucial evidence was not sent, the official said.
one of the reasons behind this, officials said, was that policemen were given only a two-hour lecture as forensic training.
one lecture was simply not enough.
hence, this 20-day course, during which the officers will be residing at the fsl in kalina, will be far more important.
also, the fact that they have a background in science will help them relate better to what is being taught, the official said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis is expected to visit the facility to inaugurate the training sessions later this month.
these 100 policemen after training will be working with the mobile forensic vans.
a van  with a forensic expert, videographer, assistant, driver and sophisticated evidence-handling equipment  has been placed in each of the 36 districts of the state and nine were allotted to police commissionerates across the state.
these trained policemen will be able to point out the crucial evidence that needs to be gathered from the spot and sent to the fsl.
it is hoped that this will also reduce the workload of fsl as there will be no irrelevant articles sent.
also, crucial evidence will not be lost from the crime scene, said a senior fsl official.
photo for representational purpose.
photo for representational purpose.
the proposed rs 98,000-crore bullet train project between ahmedabad and mumbai may pose hurdles in chief minister devendrafadnavis plans to construct an international financial services centre (ifsc) in bandra kurla complex or bkc.
just as the central government wants maharashtra to share a portion of the land designated for the ifsc in bkc for the bullet train project, senior bureaucrats from maharashtra have cautioned the chief minister that such an arrangement may impact the construction of the ifsc itself.
the bullet train project is prime minister narendra modis pet project.
watch what else is making news?
according to sources, the railways have approached maharashtra with a proposal for allotment of 0.
9 hectare of land in the g-text block at the bkc for building a station for the bullet train.
it also wants the state government to permit it to utilise 4.
5 hectare space underneath the same land parcel for the project.
the bone of contention is that maharashtra has already designated the same land parcel for setting up the ifsc.
top sources in the maharashtra government confirmed the state bureaucracys advisory was one of the main reasons for deferring a proposal for allotment of the land to railways, which was brought before the state cabinet on january 2.
the bone of contention cited by senior state bureaucrats is that restrictions will become applicable on the construction activity once the portion of the land is notified for the bullet train project under the railways act, 1989.
the central act restricts construction activity within 30 metres on either side of railway corridors, a senior official pointed out.
senior bureaucrats in the mumbai metropolitan region development authority, which is overseeing the ifsc project, have also expressed apprehension that curbs could be placed on the extent of the floor space index to be used for the states project.
following the cautionary note, fadnavis, confirmed sources, has decided to seek a written assurance from the railways that it shall not raise objections regarding construction for the ifsc.
sources added that the chief minister also wants to elicit a commitment from the union ministry for planning another bullet train project between mumbai and nagpur, confirmed sources.
besides allotment of the land, the centre wants maharashtra to bear 25 per cent of capital expenditure for the mumbai-ahmedabad bullet train project.
sources said the state is also pushing for a prior nod from the union ministry of commissioner for the ifsc.
with the centre declining the states previous proposal for declaring the bkc land as a special economic zone since it did not meet the minimum area requirement, sources said a revised proposal has been sent.
the ifsc will now be spread over 50 hectare, which is the minimum area required for an sez.
the previous proposal was for an ifsc over 38 hectare, said a senior state official.
b'he admitted that the revenue expenditure was more than the revenue receipts and fiscal deficit had touched rs 15,000 crore.
(file) he admitted that the revenue expenditure was more than the revenue receipts and fiscal deficit had touched rs 15,000 crore.
(file)hitting out at opposition congress-ncp, maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar on wednesday said those who had consistently failed for 15 years while being in power, were teaching chief minister devendrafadnavis , who has scored a distinction, about how to study.
replying to the debate on the state budget in the legislative assembly presented last week, mungantiwar said the congress had ruled the state for 47 years and the opposition leaders were criticising the bjp-led government on the same issues, which they had failed to resolve during their rule.
congress-ncp had consistently failed in 15 years of them sharing power (in maharashtra) and now they are teaching fadnavis, who has scored a distinction, how to studysaying he was not studying properly, mungantiwar said.
he admitted that the revenue expenditure was more than the revenue receipts and fiscal deficit had touched rs 15,000 crore.
in 2012, 64.
72 per cent revenue expenditure was on account of salaries, pension, interest on debt.
we have brought this down to 54 per cent, he said.
the fiscal deficit had touched rs 15,000 crore, which was because of loan waiver, he said adding that his governments aim was to have no fiscal deficit.
the minister said due to gst, there can be no additional taxes levied by the state to boost the revenues.
our government is on the right path and we are working for the peoples welfare, he asserted.
unlike the congress-ncp, we have not taken overdraft.
the last overdraft was taken in 2005 and the debt stock was 25.
2 per cent of gsdp.
in 2008-10, it was 21.
2 per cent.
but we have brought the figure down to 16.
6 per cent, he said.
he said the government has to work towards increasing the revenue receipts.
mungantiwar also said that the congress-ncp had done nothing for the chhatrapati shivaji memorial project off the arabian sea, despite making an announcement to this effect in 2001.
you had proposed a 310-feet statue.
we have proposed a 210-meter (statue).
this is being decided by the technical experts, he said.
the minister called for the need for an all-party meeting to discuss the farmer suicides.
this is not an issue of politics.
when prithviraj chavan was cm, a farmer had committed suicide at his public meeting.
in 2001, 62 farmers had committed suicides in the state.
if serious steps were taken to stop this, the situation would not have been alarming today, he said.
he also called for changes in the agriculture sector.
targeting the opposition, mungantiwar also said that shiv sena-bjp will contest the next elections together in the interest of the people of the state, unlike the congress-ncp, which are planning an alliance to stay relevant in state politics.
ncp leader ajit pawar alleged that the budget was disappointing and did not offer anything except empty slogans.
when the term of the government ends next year, the total debt would be above rs five lakh crore.
there is nothing in the budget to give boost to agriculture development.
a separate budget on agriculture, like in karnataka, should have been tabled, he said.
of the total debt, 72 per cent was taken during your (bjp-led governments) tenureit is for the first time that fiscal deficit has touched rs 15,000 crore.
there is unrest among the farming community and they are protesting.
no one is satisfied.
there is lack of planning for fiscal management.
the government cant strike a balance between payment of wages, payment of interest on debt and allocation of development programmes, pawar alleged.
the budget allocation for agriculture is 6.
43 per cent.
four years ago, you had promised to double the farmers income, but you havent taken any steps in this direction, he said.
no one is satisfied in the state be it anganwadi workers, teachers or government employees, he alleged.
there is no word on the implementation of the seventh pay commission.
the loan waiver has not been implemented well, the former minister said.
b'railways minister piyush goyal on tuesday inaugurated a new foot-overbridge at mumbais elphinstone road.
(source: westernrailways/twitter) railways minister piyush goyal on tuesday inaugurated a new foot-overbridge at mumbais elphinstone road.
(source: westernrailways/twitter)railways minister piyush goyal on tuesday inaugurated a new foot-overbridge at mumbais elphinstone road, five months after 23 people died in a stampede, an incident that highlighted the poor state of infrastructure at suburban railway stations.
two other foot-overbridges at the central line  ambivali near kalyan and at currey road  were also thrown open to the public.
in mumbai, bridges are made and infrastructure is improved quickly.
indian railways is committed to it, goyal said after inaugurating the fob.
earlier in a tweet, he said, mumbaikars are grateful to the army for constructing three foot-overbridges in elphinstone road, currey road & ambivilli in a record time, setting high standards of speed, skill and professionalism.
the new elphinstone fob spans over both western and central railway tracks, connecting parel station on the east side and phool wali gali outside the elphinstone road station on the west side.
in an unprecedented move, the army was roped in to construct the bridges after tragedy struck on september 29, 2017 at elphinstone station during the morning rush hour.
the project was completed in a record 117 days by the army engineers  a fact lauded by prime minister narendra modi in a tweet on tuesday.
73.
1 m long & 3.
65 m wide elphinstone road station fob connecting parel station, wch is built by @adgpi in record 117 days will be opened today.
a big thanks to braveheart indian army!
@railminindia @drmbct pic.
twitter.com/la1ffzafkr  western railway (@westernrly) february 27, 2018we salute our braveheart indian army for completing 3 fobs at elphinstone rd,curry rd & ambivli in record time.
these fobs are being dedicated by mumbaikars, the pm said.
in an interesting move, western railways roped in locals to inaugurate the fobs, which they did in presence of goyal, chief minister devendrafadnavis and mos for defence dr. subhash bhamre.
also read: our bridges are a tribute to the 23 who died in the stampedethe elphinstone road fob, which was built back in 1972, will benefit about 1.
6 lakh commuters since it connects two major stations of western and central railways.
in a tweet, western railways said the fob would help in smooth flow and decongestion of crowd during peak hours as well as be convenient to flower and fish vendors who sell their wares in nearby markets.
as a mark of gratitude, true to the spirit of mumbai, #mumbaithanksarmy, flower vendors decorated the army elphinstone road fob for its opening by fellow mumbaikars pic.
twitter.com/jiekxpzqxs  western railway (@westernrly) february 27, 2018for the army, coordinating with the indian railways and using military equipment for civil work formed the major challenges, brigadier mohan had told the indian express earlier, adding that the bridges could be used for as many as 40-50 years and can take heavy load.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)at the end of the first week of august, maharashtra has recorded completion of 90 per cent sowing of kharif crops.
we are hoping for a good harvest this year.
the jalyukta shivar works, coupled with policy reforms in crop loans and farmers insurance, he believes, would help to increase the growth rate in the agriculture sector.
last week, fadnavis did some tough talking with insurance companies hesitant to extend the crop loan insurance deadline from august 2 to august 10.
he sent a letter to union minister radhamohan singh to extend deadline to enable several lakh farmers who have not availed crop loans, also to be covered in crop insurance scheme.
simultaneously, he warned private insurance companies to cooperate, saying that otherwise the government would explore alternatives and institute its own insurance company.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray (express file photo) shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray (express file photo)in the run-up to the palghar lok sabha bypoll, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray released an audio clip, purportedly of chief minister devendrafadnavis asking bjp workers to use all possible means to win the by-election.
thackeray released the audio clip while addressing a rally last night in palghar where the bypoll will be held on may 28.
the bjp alleged that the sena had tampered with the audio clip and that it would release its complete version soon.
the party said it would also complain to the ec about the misuse of technology.
fadnavis was purportedly heard saying in the clip, if somebody is challenging our existence in palghar and has betrayed our trust, back-stabbed us while calling itself our ally, then they should be taught a lesson.
we should not be sitting quietly now.
we should launch a big attack and show them what the bjp is.
if we want to win this election, then an answer has to be given in the same measuregive an answer by using saam, daam, dand, bhed (negotiation, money, punishment and division).
do not tolerate anybodys bullying.
on the contrary, bully themi will stand behind you, he purportedly said.
after releasing the audio, thackeray demanded action against fadnavis by the election commission (ec).
opposition congress and ncp also demanded an ec probe into the clip.
shiv sena mp sanjay raut said use of such language against an opponent does not befit a chief minister.
maharashtra pradesh congress committee (mpcc) chief ashok chavan sought fadnavis clarification on the audio clip.
the cm should issue clarification about the clip.
we demand that a probe by the election commission into it and appropriate action, he said.
if the clip is authentic, then the chief minister should immediately resign, but if it is fake, then fadnavis should take action against uddhav thackeray, chavan said in a tweet.
ncp spokesperson nawab malik demanded a probe by ec and a complaint against the chief minister under section 506 of ipc .
if the chief minister is threatening people in such a manner, then it amounts to vitiating the election atmosphere, he said.
the chief minister and ordinary citizens are all equal before law when it comes to following the election code of conduct.
the shiv sena should make a written complaint to the ec instead of resorting to such tactics, he said.
responding to the clip and the allegations, bjp spokesperson madhav bhandari said, the sena is showing an incomplete and edited audio clip, because it is shaken foreseeing its imminent defeat.
we will complain to the election commission about the condemnable misuse of technology and also release the full clip, he said.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday said india has a demographic advantage as the average age of an indian is less than that of people from other countries.
india has a demographic advantage in the world, as the average age of developed countries like japan, the us, the eastern and western european countries is much higher.
japans average age is 48 years and that of eastern european countries is 44 years.
chinas average age is 36 years, while it is 39 in the us.
but indias average age is less as compared to these countries, fadnavis said.
he was speaking here at the transform maharashtra event, his own initiative that is aimed at promoting the concept of inclusive governance in the state.
this advantage that india has over other countries is going to be there for the next 20 years.
therefore, we can easily say that our generation can see india grow as a developed nation, he said.
our population is also a major resource to us.
of the total population, 65 per cent is less than 35 years, of which 50 per cent population is less than 25 years.
we have to convert it into human resource, which will benefit a lot to every state in the country.
like maharashtra, every other state can benefit from such demographic advantage, fadnavis said.
the chief minister said, another advantage is that of development in technology, which is speeding up the pace of development.
in the initial stage of technology, the things that used to take 15 years to achieve, can now be achieved in just two years.
today, 11,000 villages are no longer dependent on tankers for drinking water supply.
similarly, 29,000 villages across the state are connected with fibre optics to transform the conventional gram panchayats into smart gram panchayats, fadnavis said.
b'bharip bahujan mahasangh president prakash ambedkar.
(file) bharip bahujan mahasangh president prakash ambedkar.
(file)the police raids on dalit activists across pune, mumbai and nagpur are part of a larger game plan to silence those raising questions about the conduct of right-wing leader sambhaji bhide, bharip bahujan mahasangh president prakash ambedkar said on wednesday.
according to ambedkar, bhide was partly responsible for fomenting clashes at bhima koregaon on january 1.
ambedkar said, after our protest rally in mumbai, we had pointed to some objectionable comment by one raosaheb patil, a close aide of bhide.
the right-wing activist had threatened chief minister devendra fadnavis.
we produced the posts along with evidence.
yet, no action has been taken against the right-wing activist.
stating that the raids were to intimidate activists whose laptops and mobile phones have been seized, ambedkar said, such tactics will not work or intimidate our workers.
while announcing that the party would gear up for another protest during the monsoon session, he said, what is appalling is the role of rss worker named krishna in govandi who was present when the raids were conducted.
he said, the bjp has coined the term urban naxalism to thwart the workers from voicing public issues.
ambedkars charges against the police and the government have been dismissed by officials as baseless.
a senior officer in the department of home, requesting anonymity, said, whether it was elgar parishad rally or koregaon bhima, the role of individuals who made provoking speeches or incited the mob are being ascertained.
everything is being done as per laid norms.
in a democracy, political parties have the right to protest.
but if there is violence, police will have to investigate and crack the whip on those responsible, he said.
on tuesday, maharashtra police carried out raids on some dalit activists and supporters in a fallout of the january 1 caste riots in bhima koregaon.
the raids were conducted in nagpur, pune and mumbai.
the bomaby high court had also ordered the government to provide adequate security at government hospitals for the doctors, so that they could go to work without fear.
(source: aninews.
in) the bomaby high court had also ordered the government to provide adequate security at government hospitals for the doctors, so that they could go to work without fear.
(source: aninews.
in)as per the maharashtra high court undertaking, the state government has tightened the security across government hospitals post the doctors strike.
the bombay high court on march 23 ordered protesting doctors in the state to call off their strike and resume duties and give the government some time to provide them proper security.
this came maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis appealed to the doctors to call off their strike as well and assured them that the government would ensure their security in hospitals.
the hc also ordered the government to provide adequate security at government hospitals for the doctors, so that they could go to work without fear.
the high court further said that it would hear the matter again after 15 days.
the high court chief justice further asked the government that no punitive action was to be taken against the protesting doctors once they resume their duty.
nearly 4,000 resident doctors were protesting, demanding enhanced security in the wake of a string of attacks on doctors by patients relatives at government hospitals across the state.
the protests had hampered the services of out-patient departments (opds) in various hospitals.
the maharashtra government had earlier promised to deploy 500 security personnel from maharashtra state security corporation in the hospitals by april 1.
ahead of the assembly polls, former legislator of the congress abdul sattar from aurangabad district and some other congress leaders from osmanabad district joined the shiv sena.
advertisingsattar, who resigned as legislator and from the congress during the lok sabha elections after he was denied a ticket, was welcomed into the party fold by sena chief uddhav thackeray on monday.
sattar was elected as a legislator from sillod assembly constituency in aurangabad district in 2014.
sattars move surprised many in the political circles as he was earlier in touch with the bjp and had also welcomed chief minister devendrafadnavis statewide tour.
local leaders had opposed sattars induction in the bjp, sources said.
sources in the sena said sattar was likely to be fielded by the party from sillod constituency.
the constituency is with the bjp but we would ask it in exchange for some seats, a sena leader said.
on tuesday, osmanabad district congress president prashant chede along with his supporters joined the sena.
sena sources said it will help the party in some assembly constituencies in the district during the upcoming assembly polls.
in the last few weeks, congress legislator nirmala gavit, ncp legislator dilip sopal, former congress legislator dilip mane, have joined the sena.
b'chief minister devendrafadnavis is scheduled to meet with a delegation of the agitating farmers on monday.
(express photo by deepak joshi) chief minister devendrafadnavis is scheduled to meet with a delegation of the agitating farmers on monday.
(express photo by deepak joshi)thousands of farmers reached somaiya ground in sion, central mumbai, on sunday, a day before their planned march on mantralaya to protest the governments alleged lack of response to the continuing distress in the farm sector.
the farmers, who have been marching towards mumbai over the past several days, started from the fringes of the citys eastern suburbs around 1 pm, after lunch on the eastern express highway.
chief minister devendrafadnavis is scheduled to meet with a delegation of the agitating farmers on monday.
on sunday, ministers girish mahajan and vishnu sawra held discussions with the leaders of the march to try to persuade them not to move towards the assembly.
with the class x board exams underway, the government also issued an alert for students to reach exam centres early, keeping in mind the possibility of traffic diversions owing to the march.
follow live updates on the farmers march in mumbaiin the scorching heat, the farmers started moving slowly towards mumbai, taking breaks for water at regular intervals.
they were welcomed by various communities on the highway, who showered flower petals on them.
the shiv sena, maharashtra navnirman sena and other organisations distributed water and biscuits among them.
the sena, mns and aam aadmi party have announced their support to the farmers march.
apart from young and middle-aged farmers, a large number of women and senior citizens, too, are part of the march.
the farmers have been walking 30-35 kilometres every day, spending nights out in the open.
they have been carrying their own rice and preparing khichdi on wood fires.
explained | new edge to agrarian distress: why demands are more than loan waiverhundreds of protesting farmers from nashik arrive in thane late saturday on their the way to mumbai.
(express photo: janak rathod) hundreds of protesting farmers from nashik arrive in thane late saturday on their the way to mumbai.
(express photo: janak rathod)the six-day-long march, called by the akhil bharatiya kisan sabha (abks) affiliated with the cpi(m), began on march 6 from cbs chowk in nashik, the location where 1 lakh people had gathered for two days in march 2016.
the 180-km march to mumbai is led by dr ashok dhawale, the president of abks, seven-term cpm legislator j p gavit from kalwan assembly constituency in nashik, and ajit nawale, state general secretary of abks, and others.
read | maharashtra: shiv sena, mns, aap extend support to farmers marchviju krishnan, national joint secretary of abks, also took part in the march for the first three days.
some of the demands over which the farmers intend to agitate outside the assembly include a complete waiver of farm loans, transfer of forest land to tillers, implementation of the swaminathan commissions recommendations, compensation of rs 40,000 per acre to farmers hit by hailstorm and pink bollworm, and putting a stop to sharing the states water with gujarat.
the peasants and workers party and cpi, too, have extended their support to the march.
to avoid an embarrassing situation, the state government invited agitating leaders for talks on sunday night.
(express photo: deepak joshi) to avoid an embarrassing situation, the state government invited agitating leaders for talks on sunday night.
(express photo: deepak joshi)krishna harvate, a farmer from talwada in shahapur tehsil in thane district, said the state government should improve implementation of the forest rights act, 2006.
though the act came in 2006, and the rules were made in 2008, the government is not implementing it effectively.
while i have been tilling five, seven or 10 acres of land, they are being offered only 5 or 10 gunthas of land.
it is nothing, and the farmers cant do anything with it.
our demand is to transfer all the land that we have been tilling for decades to us, said harvate, who is tilling eight acres of land.
people washing faces, taking baths in a small pond close to service road of eastern express highway (express photo by vishwas waghmode) people washing faces, taking baths in a small pond close to service road of eastern express highway (express photo by vishwas waghmode)large numbers of farmers have come from the tribal areas of surgana, kalwan, dindori, chandwad, peth in nashik district and from shahapur in thane and palghar areas.
facing attack from the opposition over farmers issues, chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday said when in power at the centre and in the state for 10 years, the congress-ncp government had rejected the swaminathan commission reports recommendation of a minimum support price for farmers.
appealing to farmer leaders across the state to come to the discussion table, fadnavis said the government was willing to hear out all their concerns, including higher renumerations through a minimum support price and loan waivers.
addressing party workers in mumbai, the chief minister said, the congress-ncp, which is shedding crocodile tears on farmers issue, owes an explanation as to why it did not include the minimum support price clause in its agriculture policy enforced in 2007.
the congress-ncp government had incorporated 200 recommendations of the swaminathan report, but refused to include the msp, which was the most significant aspect of the report.
maintaining that the strike by farmers was backed by political parties to upstage the government, fadnavis said, we have all the documents to substantiate who provoked the strike and who are the perpetrators of violence.
we will expose them at an appropriate time.
the cm added that in the past two-and-a-half years of the state government, the centre had provided maharashtra rs 5,500 crore in financial aid for farmers.
during the upa regime, the congress-ncp chief minister would submit a proposal for rs 8,000 crore, but would get just rs 700 crore, fadnavis claimed.
while referring to the rs 30,000 crore loan waiver to small and marginal farmers, the chief minister said,  my doors are open for dialogue and suggestions from everybody.
apart from the loan waiver to the debt-ridden farmers who have fallen out of the institutional credit bracket, the government will provide also incentives to prosperous farmers who regularly repay their loans.
as the bjp units in pimpri-chinchwad and maval continue to disagree over the maval pipeline project, shiv sena mp shrirang barne has said he will make serious efforts to find an effective solution to the issue.
a solution will be found in the coming days, barne told the indian express.
advertisingbarnes initiative comes at a time when residents of pimpri-chinchwad have been facing inadequate water supply.
the sena mp said he will convene a meeting of all mlas from pimpri-chinchwad and maval, water resources minister girish mahajan, labour minister bala bhegade and other officials to find a solution to the stalled project, estimated to cost rs 400 crore.
one of the solutions to the issue, said barne, was to construct kolhapur-type weirs in shivne or urse.
instead of drawing water from pavana dam, building weirs in shivne or urse could be one of the solutions, he said.
advertisingbhegade, the bjp mla from maval, had recently told the indian express that local farmers from maval will not allow the pipeline project to go ahead.
according to bhegade, if the project was implemented, it would ruin the economy of maval region.
the bjps pimpri-chinchwad unit, however, said it expected chief minister devendrafadnavis to intervene.
the project is a must for pimpri-chinchwads future water needs.
it will be implemented, said general secretary sarang kamtekar.
the project has been stalled since august 9, 2011 after three protesting farmers were killed in police firing.
the farmers, led by bharatiya kisan sabha and bhegade, had demanded that the project be scrapped as it was not in the interest of maval residents.
the issue has to be resolved amicably, said barne.
we need to take the farmers and all stakeholders into confidence.
the issue cant be decided unilaterally, he said.
when contacted, bjps pimpri-chinchwad unit chief laxman jagtap said, barne as mp should take the initiative in this regardit has become a sentimental issue.
we are in favour of a solution which is agreeable to all stakeholders.
municipal commissioner shravan hardikar said if the closed project was implemented, it would help get pimpri-chinchwad additional 1 one thousand million cubic feet (tmc) of water.
besides, the quality of water will certainly be far better than what comes down 35 km from pavana dam, he said.
the pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation (pcmc) draws 480 mld (millions of litres per day) water from ravet weir before supplying it to the industrial city.
barne said the meeting will be held within a few days.
the issue is not about elections.
its about getting adequate quantity of drinking water and thinking long term, he said.
the civic administration has been under fire as it has not been able to supply sufficient amount of water to pimpri-chinchwad.
despite an overflowing pavana river and a pavana dam filled to capacity, the pcmc has been struggling to ensure adequate water supply to local residents.
from monday, the civic body has decided to introduce once a week cuts to save water and tide over any future crisis.
more than 6 lakh people have sent their suggestions to chief minister devendrafadnavis in the last five days for the bjps mumbai makeover plan.
the chief minister had last week sought participation of people from all sections in preparation of his partys mumbai election manifesto, asking them to highlight issues in their localities.
the campaign called, our city, our agenda, saw more than 6 lakh people sending their suggestions through telephone calls, whatsapp and social media.
according to bjp sources, the campaign received suggestions through 5,50,272 phone calls, 89,417 whatsapp messages and 22,337 posts on social media.
in his message to the public, fadnavis said, i express heartfelt thanks to all the citizens of maharashtra for sharing your agenda for your city with me.
your contribution is an example of how citizens and the government can together bring a positive change.
dilip kamble, minister of state for social justice and pune cantonment mla, said the demand for the gst share from the centre and state was a legitimate demand of the cantonment board.
according to cantonment board officials, the state is collecting gst from commercial establishments within the limits of pune cantonment board to the tune of rs 1,200 crore per year.
the board should be given at least rs 250 crore as their share, said an official.
when asked, kamble said he would take up with the issue with chief minister devendrafadnavis and also ask for representation from the centre.
we will also appeal to subhash bhamre, union minister of state for defence, to attend the meeting to resolve this issue, kamble said.
at least 13 people were killed and 72 others injured in an explosion at a chemical factory in maharashtras dhule district on saturday, police said.
many of the victims, police said, were family members of the factory workers residing in temporary shelters abutting the compound wall of the company.
advertisinginitial reports suggested that a leakage in a chemical-filled barrel could have led to the explosion of a boiler around 9.
45 am at rumit chemisynth pvt ltd, a specialty chemical and intermediate manufacturing plant, located at subhash nagar in shirpur taluka of dhule district, around 400 km north of mumbai.
the fire, police said, led to a trigger reaction causing nitrogen cylinders and chemical barrels kept on the factory premises to catch fire.
there were at least 70 workers on the factory premises at the time of the incident.
at least seven of the deceased were women, while two others were children, aged 2 and 10 years.
advertisinga total of 13 people were killed and 72 others injured in the incident.
the women and children who were killed were family members of the workers of the company who were staying in houses near the factory compound, dhule sp vishwas pandhare said.
we are investigating into the cause of the incident.
no case has been filed so far, pandhare said.
at least 10 fire engines were rushed to the blast site after the incident was reported.
the fire was finally brought under control by afternoon, fire officials said.
they added that fire-fighters had a difficult time in controlling the blaze due to the nature of the chemical.
police said due to the intensity of the blast debris went flying all across, causing injuries to several residents in the houses near the factory.
locals claimed that some body parts, were recovered 200 metres from the factory premises.
several animals in the vicinity of the factory were also killed or injured in the incident, they said.
the shock waves from the blast also left cracks in some surrounding buildings in subhash nagar, and broke windowpanes of some vehicles parked nearby, police said.
windshields of some vehicles on nearby ankleshwar-burhanpur national highway also broke due to the impact of the blast, following which authorities diverted the traffic on the highway.
local residents claimed that a fortnight ago they had complained to the district administration about noxious fumes emanating from the plant.
chief minister devendrafadnavis expressed grief over the loss of lives in the explosion and announced rs 5 lakh compensation to the kin of the deceased.
b'former president of india late apj abdul kalam.
(source: file photo) former president of india late apj abdul kalam.
(source: file photo)it is very easy to defeat someone but it is very hard to win someone  apj abdul kalam once said.
the missile man of india had won millions of hearts and left everyone shocked when he departed on july 27 last year.
kalam breathed his last at the age of 83 while doing what he loved the most, delivering a lecture at the rajiv gandhi indian institute of management (rg-iim) in shillong.
the demise, of kalam, indias 11th president, also known as the peoples president, sent ripples throughout the nation which had great admiration for his supreme conduct and ability to inspire innumerable youth.
the government had announced a seven-day state of mourning, during which the national flag was flown half-mast throughout the country.
there was an apparent outpour of emotion as thousands flocked to pay their last tributes to the deceased leader at his new delhi residence  10 rajaji marg.
prior to that, president pranab mukherjee along with prime minister narendra modi, home minister rajnath singh and several other dignitaries reached palam airport in delhi to receive kalams body after it was flown in from shillong.
at rameswaram in tamil nadu, where kalam spent his childhood, a state funeral with full military honours was organised for him and amidst resounding sorrow, he was laid to rest on july 30.
the namesakeimmediately after apj abdul kalams demise, political parties as well as citizens started demanding that places, institutes and streets be renamed after him.
on july 28, the samajwadi party announced that it will ask maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to rename the 35-km long proposed coastal road in mumbai to be named after kalam.
earth observation and disaster risk reduction satellite globalsat was renamed un kalam globalstat.
wheeler island in odisha, a space science museum in kakkanad, kerala, and drdos missile complex in hyderabad were among those that were named after kalam.
however, this also led to controversy after bjps mla east delhi mp maheish girri proposed renaming a road named after aurangzeb in lutyens delhi to abdul kalam.
a debate over correcting the history and politicising his death emerged but eventually the order was passed by new delhi municipal corporation on august 28.
tales of inspirationseveral incidents, that highlight the humility and respect which kalam showed to others, are known.
from asking for a bigger size chair allocated to him to be replaced with a normal chair, to sitting on the floor while interacting with journalists  kalam has inspired many with his humbleness.
one such tale emerged after his personal adviser, who was accompanying him to shillong, revealed how kalam was concerned about the security officials on duty.
he kept insisting that the security man must sit down and we had even sent a radio message, but nothing worked out.
after reaching our destination he asked me to find him out so that he could thank him.
and he did thank him and even said sorry for he had to stand for so long because of him, srijan pal singh had then told pti.
familys anger and nationwide supportmonths after he was laid to rest at rameswaram, kalams family raised their voice against the neglect and ignorance of government meted out to him.
his 99-year-old brother started an online petition to gather support for building a memorial at his burial site, which he said was lying in despair.
another online campaign started by a journalist demanded his official bungalow in new delhi be converted into a knowledge centre.
another petition, among a string of many, demanded that the memorial should be built in the national capital.
the anniversary of demisetoday, to mark the anniversary of his death, a number of events have been planned by the ministry of defence as well as state governments across the country.
a life-size statue of dr kalam was unveiled at rameswaram and the foundation stone for a national memorial is also to be laid at his burial site.
a kalam memorial will be inaugurated by delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal at ina, in the national capital, on july 30.
at iim shillong, a series of lectures on making the world a better place is going to be organised to honour kalams last memory.
newly-appointed state bjp chief chandrakant patil monday said the shiv sena should realise that if the opposition congress-ncp contested the upcoming assembly elections together then it could be a matter of concern for both the saffron parties, in case they contested it separately.
advertisingthe bjp-led alliance is confident of getting over 1.
7 crore votes and winning at least 220 of the 288 assembly seats in the coming elections.
however, if the bjp and shiv sena contests separately, while the congress and ncp forge a pre-poll alliance, then it would be a cause of concern, patil told reporters in pune.
explained fight for big brother status the bjp and shiv sena had parted ways in 2014 ahead of the assembly elections despite contesting the lok sabha polls together that year.
the sena, which enjoyed a big-brother status among the two, lost the position to the bjp which won more seats than the sena in the 2014 assembly polls.
ahead of the 2019 assembly election, the fight for establishing supremacy is again gaining momentum with the sena eying the chief ministers post and hoping to win more seats than the bjp.
in a veiled warning to an increasingly assertive sena, patil said while bjp was aware of the situation that would arise if congress and ncp came together for assembly elections, the shiv sena, too, should have that realisation.
the shiv sena, which allied with bjp for the lok sabha elections almost five years after snapping ties with it just before the 2014 assembly polls, has been demanding that both parties will share cms post for a duration of 2.
5 years each.
party leader and yuva sena chief aaditya thackeray, who is on a statewide jan ashirwad yatra, recently had told the indian express that the next cm will be from his party.
there has been discussion among bjp chief amit shah, chief minister devendrafadnavis and sena chief uddhav thackeray, which no one else knows.
however, the statements made by other political leaders about the next chief minister (of maharashtra) to be of their party is nothing but a strategy for the forthcoming elections, state bjp chief said.
baramati witnessed some tense moments on saturday morning when workers of the bjp and ncp raised slogans against each other while chief minister devendrafadnavis was addressing a public meeting here, as part of his mahajanadesh yatra.
advertisingthe yatra, a state-wide road show by the cm to highlight the achievements of his government before the state goes to polls, entered pune district on saturday.
the chief minister was accompanied by state bjp chief chandrakant patil and harshavardhan patil, who recently quit the congress to join the bjp.
while addressing a large crowd on the roads of baramati, the bastion of ncp chief sharad pawar, fadnavis took on the party leadership.
pointing out the exodus of senior leaders from the ncp, he said, the current condition of the ncp is due to the wrongdoing of the party leadership.
advertisingthis statement irked ncp supporters, who were also watching the road show, and they raised slogans in support of their party and its leadership.
bjp workers retaliated by raising counter-slogans, and the area was tense for a few moments.
the situation returned to normal after the mahajanadesh yatra left baramati.
meanwhile, the ncp and local civic activists have protested the trimming of tree branches alongside sinhagad road, purportedly to make way for the cms yatra.
the pune municipal corporation had directed the trimming of trees, from panmala to rajaram bridge, and from senadut police chowki to mhatre bridge.
ncps rajya sabha mp vandana chavan has registered her protest with the pmc.
trees were cut for chief minister devendrafadnavis mahajanadesh yatra at sinhagad road, she alleged.
the road show is going to pass through sinhagad road in pune on sunday morning.
the road show entered hadapsar in pune city on saturday evening.
it passed through pune cantonment, parvati, kasba peth, kothrud and shivajinagar assembly segments before ending in vadgaonsheri segment for the day.
claiming that parts of marathwada are still facing water scarcity and drought even as flood has wreaked havoc in western maharashtra, a delegation of the state congress leaders, led by its state president balasaheb thorat, met chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday and urged the government to declare drought in beed, osmanabad and latur districts of marathwada.
advertisingthese parts are yet to receive adequate rainfall.
there is severe water scarcity.
the state should immediately declared drought in these districts, the congress said in a memorandum submitted to the chief minister.
the congress has also sought a complete loan waiver for farmers in the flood-hit belts and compensation at the rate of rs 60,000 per hectare for crop damaged.
it has further sought enhanced compensation for livestock losses and said that the loss of agricultural farm pumps and electric meters should also be compensated for.
reaching out to small and medium scale traders and industrialists, who have sustained losses due to the flood, the congress, has demanded that the state government should provide them with cash credit for restoring their businesses.
contending that the handloom industry in kolhapurs ichalkaranji had taken a massive hit in the floods, the congress has sought compensation for damages to machinery and raw material of handloom plants as well.
on tuesday, the state cabinet had announced special assistance for small traders and industries in flood-affected areas.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday said urban maharashtra will become open defecation-free by october 2 next year.
the state with a conglomeration of 25 big cities has the highest urban population  46 per cent  in the country.
while announcing 100 towns open defecation-free, fadnavis said the project had been taken up on a war-footing in both urban and rural maharashtra.
the odf (open defecation-free) project has come a long way to provide dignity to our women, who, in the absence of toilets at home, had to look for an alternative in fields or open grounds in their villages or towns, he said.
in the 21st century, the progress index of our country will not be determined by roads or infrastructure alone.
what really will matter is the internal change through cleanliness drive in safeguarding our environment and providing toilet to every household in urban and rural maharashtra, fadnavis added.
referring to prime minister narendra modis swachh bharat abhiyan launched two years ago, he said, the idea and objective of the project was to undertake the drive through public participation.
we have to a great extent succeeded in making it a peoples movement.
according to the quality council of india (qci), under swachh bharat abhiyan across india, 118 cities have met the set target.
of these, 52 cities are from maharashtra.
whether it is odf or swachh bharat mission, the rural and urban population are equally aware and competing vigorously.
the role of women in these projects is laudable, he said.
saying that it would be made mandatory for every municipal council to install a sewage treatment plant to prevent pollution of water bodies, the cm said, today, 90 per cent of our rivers are polluted because of untreated sewage.
and industrial effluents account for only 10 per cent.
earlier, anay agrawal of qci said, maharashtra has taken a big lead in swachh bharat abhiyan.
out of 118 cities, 52 cities that have been certified for meeting all the parameters are from maharashtra.
considering that the state is the second-most populated, it was a formidable challenge, he added.
today, we have entered the third phase having attained the target of making 100 towns odf.
the project, which commenced in july 2015, has received tremendous support from the grassroots, specially women, said principal secretary manisha mhaiskar, who is driving the odf project and swachh bharat abhiyan under the ministry of urban development.
chief secretary swadheen kshtriya exuded confidence that maharashtra will achieve the goals ahead and continue to lead the nation.
director general (information and services) virendra singh empahsised on discipline and commitment as integral to bringing change in public life.
locals clash with police in yavatmal.
ani photo locals clash with police in yavatmal.
ani photoat least 40 people, including policemen and media persons, were on monday injured when a protest by some parents against alleged molestation of girl students at a school turned violent and police resorted to lathi-charge.
the protesting parents were demanding arrest of kishor darda, chairman of yps school committee, which runs yavatmal public school, which is at the centre of the controversy.
to push their demand, the parents had assembled in front of dardas residence this morning.
the protest turned violent when they resorted to stone pelting targeting the policemen.
police resorted to lathi-charge and lobbed teargas shells to disperse the angry parents.
watch video: whats making newsaround 15 police personnel sustained injuries in the stone pelting, devidas dhole, police station officer, wadgaon road police station, said.
twenty-five people were injured in the police action, said an official from state control room in mumbai.
two media persons are said to be among the injured.
sanjeev kumar singhal, special police commissioner of amravati region (under which yavatmal falls), visited the area and took stock of the situation.
yavatmal public schools principal jacob das was arrested on friday under section 21 (failure to report an offence) of the protection of children from sexual offences act, 2012, said superintendent of police akhilesh kumar singh.
two teachers of the school  yash borundia and amol shirsagar  were arrested three days earlier in the case.
the arrests were made after parents of about a dozen students lodged a joint complaint alleging the two molested girls in the kg and primary classes.
the parents are now demanding the arrest of kishor darda.
tension prevailed in the area and srpf personnel were deployed to maintain law and order.
meanwhile, union minister hansraj ahir met some of the injured at the hospital.
the lok sabha mp from chandrapur blamed the yavatmal sp for the situation going out of control.
ahir, who met the parents, demanded a high-level probe into police mishandling of the molestation episode.
ahir said he has briefed chief minister devendrafadnavis on the situation and demands of the parents, who want the government to appoint an administrator to run the school.
fadnavis has asked the director of school education to examine the possibility of appointing an administrator, he said.
meanwhile, a member of the maharashtra womens commission, neeta thakre, visited the city and recorded the statements of over 70 parents.
earlier, ncp, congress, mns and shiv sena had decided to boycott the function in protest against the treatment meted out to the mayor.
earlier, ncp, congress, mns and shiv sena had decided to boycott the function in protest against the treatment meted out to the mayor.
with non-bjp parties threatening to boycott prime minister narendra modis function in the city on saturday to mark the first anniversary of the smart city mission over the non-inclusion of pune mayors name in the list of invitees, chief minister devendrafadnavis intervened friday evening to defuse the situation after which the mayor was given a green signal by his party ncp to attend the function.
city ncp chief vandana chavan said the party had decided that the mayor, prashant jagtap, would be present at the pm function since the chief minister had ordered a probe to find out how the mayors name was missing from the list of invitees.
watch video: whats making newsthe chief minister has said that non-inclusion of mayors name in the invitation card happened unknowingly.
an inquiry has been ordered, so mayor would be present for the function.
however, no other ncp corporator would attend the function, she said, referring to a statement issued by the cmo on friday.
earlier, ncp, congress, mns and shiv sena had decided to boycott the function in protest against the treatment meted out to the mayor.
fadnavis, himself a former mayor of nagpur, issued a statement saying he hoped the mayor would attend the event which was in the interest of development of pune.
earlier in the day, jagtap had said, i have decided to boycott the event.
i had urged the administration on tuesday to provide passes for the event, but was informed they could not be given due to security issues.
the treatment meted out to the mayor, suspecting him over distribution of passes for an event, is a serious issue.
this is an insult to the mayor, jagtap said.
it has been learnt that the bjp corporators were given passes for the function much in advance.
the administration was discriminating the political parties, he said.
meanwhile, the congress has planned a protest outside the venue of the function over various other issues.
the shiv sena too has decided to stay away from the event.
the bjp is misleading the public in the name of smart city.
there has been no change in the basic infrastructure of the city and it is beyond our understanding what the prime minister is going to launch for the city.
we will not be part of the event that would only mean spending public money, said city sena chief vinayak nimhan.
mns leader prakash dhore said, we were shocked to see the invitation card without the mayors name.
this is not acceptable, hence, the party corporators would not attend the function.
bjp leader ganesh bidkar said the mayor and other political parties were doing politics.
it would be a proud moment to see the smart city projects being inaugurated in the city in the presence of the prime minister.
the mayor would be disrespecting the pm if he boycotts the function for the treatment meted out to him by the administration, he said.
other political parties were playing politics and it was a political stunt ahead of the civic polls.
there is a widespread political fear among parties, he said.
though congress leaders acknowledge they are better placed compared to the ncp, fears over the adarsh cooperative housing scam have forced them to side track the anti-corruption plank.
though congress leaders acknowledge they are better placed compared to the ncp, fears over the adarsh cooperative housing scam have forced them to side track the anti-corruption plank.
the bjp playing the transparency card has not only irked ally shiv sena, but has also forced opposition congress-ncp on the backfoot.
the party has set the pitch for an anti-corruption campaign not only in the bmc but across ten municipal corporations, 25 zilla parishads and 283 panchayat samitis.
sources in the bjp said chief minister devendrafadnavis had flashed a smart card to effectively counter rivals both in-house and opposition using the anti-corruption bait.
a senior ncp poll strategist said, in the 2014 assembly and lok sabha elections, we paid a heavy price due to our image getting a beating on the corruption issue.
the tainted ministers in the congress-ncp government were used in the campaign against us and worked to our disadvantage.
he said the alleged multi-crore irrigation scam against former deputy chief minister ajit pawar and state ncp chief sunil tatkare worked to the disadvantage of the party.
watch what else is making newsit appears the ruling bjp plans to keep the anti-corruption plank alive in the successive polls.
the investigation by the anti-corruption bureau into the irrigation scam is yet to conclude against the ncp leaders.
though congress leaders acknowledge they are better placed compared to the ncp, fears over the adarsh cooperative housing scam have forced them to side track the anti-corruption plank.
a senior general secretary of the mpcc said, former chief minister prithviraj chavan can alone speak on the issue of transparency or corruption.
if we deploy ashok chavan to take on the bjp or the sena, it would be detrimental to us.
they have raked up the adarsh issue against us.
notwithstanding the facts and status of each case against individual leaders in the congress-ncp, poll managers fear public perception is difficult to change.
and they cannot take situations for granted.
instead, they are planning to come out with new details related to demonetisation to counter the transparency card against the ruling bjp.
for that, a team of central congress leaders are working with the mpcc.
the congress and the ncp have drawn up a strategy to keep top leaders away from joining the corruption debate.
instead, it has pitted its second rung leaders to reply to the bjp on sensitive issues.
several bjp leaders spoken to explained that their emphasis on transparency and accountability in civic administration or districts was not targeted at any individual or party.
at a public debate, fadnavis, replying to a question, had explained, it (combating corruption) is on merit of the case, which is perceived by the authorities concerned, without our interference.
it is neither personal nor politically driven.
however, the shiv sena has not been able to come to terms with the bjps pre-condition for a tie-up, and sena leaders have been hitting hard at the bjp with taunts.
sena president uddhav thackeray said, the bjp should elicit views on what farmers and soldiers along the borders have to say on transparency.
the barb was obviously aimed at the hardships caused to farmers due to demonetisation and the controversy over poor quality food as exposed by a bsf jawan.
sena mp sanjay raut said, we dont care for transparency.
we believe in aar-paar (direct) battle in elections.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar during a pannel discussion held after announcing maharashtra budget in mumbai on saturday.
(source: pti) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar during a pannel discussion held after announcing maharashtra budget in mumbai on saturday.
(source: pti)the shiv sena on saturday shed its aggressive posture on crop loan waiver to join hands with bjp to extend a united saffron front in the state legislative assembly and council.
the taming of sena was believed to be an outcome of chief minister devendrafadnavis telephone call to sena president uddhav thackeray.
the shiv senas support to bjp took the congress and ncp by surprise as they had planned to isolate the bjp on the floor of the assembly and council during the budget presentation.
the chief minister, responding to a question during his media interaction, said, the opposition has been trying to use shiv senas shoulder to rest its gun and fire on the issue of crop loan waiver.
however, they will not succeed as sena and bjp are working together to address farmers plight, he said.
a senior sena minister said, since the chief minister led a delegation to delhi and discussed the problems of the farmers and elicited a positive response from union finance minister arun jaitley, we have no reasons to continue our agitation.
the minister added, we also understand that there is some process to be followed and the centre cannot hand over financial allocation in a few minutes.
the minister disclosed, uddhavji was also not in favour of boycotting the state budget.
his concern was to raise the farmers problems and seek assurance from the government.
we will pursue the matter to the logical end.
the maharashtra state road development corporation has invited tenders for appointing a private party for collection of toll on pune-mumbai expressway, which means the toll collection system on the expressway is set to continue despite severe opposition from citizens and activists.
the decision has angered activists in pune, who have reminded chief minister devendrafadnavis of his promise to scrap the toll system on the expressway and other roads of the state.
advertisingon july 8, msrdc published an advertisement on its website, inviting tenders for appointing a private party for collection of toll for three months or till appointment of a new agency.
the advertisement does not state for how many years msrdc intends to contract the private party.
sources in msrdc said they are planning to appoint the agency for 15 years or even more than that.
explained major poll issue the toll issue had generated a lot of heat in the run-up to the 2014 state assembly elections.
bjp made it a big issue by promising to do away with several toll booths, including the expressway booth.
it is likely to be raked up again during the forthcoming state elections which are due in less than six months.
from 2004, mhaiskar infrastructure pvt ltd (mipl) was collecting the toll.
its contract is coming to an end next month.
mipls parent company, irb, had won the toll contract for rs 918 crore in 2004.
vivek velenkar, who heads the sajag nagrik manch, said, this is beyond imagination.
the fadnavis government came to power after repeatedly promising the people of maharashtra that they would do away with toll systemaccording to the manch, which has sent a letter to the cm reminding him of his promise, the present contractor has earned mega profit.
we had brought this to the notice of the cm.
the government turned a blind eye to this.
because of this, we had to file a pil in the bombay high court on whose hearing is underway.
the manch said, as per the contract, the toll operator was supposed to get rs 2,869 crore by august 2019.
it got the amount by november 2016.
in last three years, it has earned an additional over rs 1,500 crore.
we are keeping multiple options ready to manage the financial challenges of the loan waiver.
- devendrafadnavis (file) we are keeping multiple options ready to manage the financial challenges of the loan waiver.
- devendrafadnavis (file)to raise money to cope with the rs 30,000-crore burden of loan waiver to farmers, the government is planning monetisation of land.
sources said open auction of government plots given on long lease at re 1 along with incentives of additional floor space index was being considered to fund the relief extended to 40 lakh farmers in the state.
we are keeping multiple options ready to manage the financial challenges of the loan waiver.
a committee of senior bureaucrats representing the department of finance, revenue and forest, urban development, public works department, energy and industries have been given the task of listing unused government land parcels that are on re 1 lease and can be developed or auctioned.
the committee will have to submit its report in three months.
the loan waiver will come into effect by october 31.
the cm has already been submitted a report by officials who had gone to study the loan waiver model in uttar pradesh, telangana and andhra pradesh.
a senior officer of the committee said, if we consider the present land bank, we can raise more than 1.
5 lakh crore through land monetisation.
coping with the additional one-time rs 30,000 crore is not impossible if the government takes a quick decision.
the official claimed land monetisation was the accepted model across developed countries, including china and japan, to fund big-ticket infrastructure projects.
asked if the loan waiver would help end farmer suicides, fadnavis said, loan waiver alone cannot end farmer suicides, as past experience has shown us.
the state will continue to focus on agriculture reforms and investments of rs 26,000 crore in the sector, till the time we achieve our target of zero farmers suicides.
he also highlighted how greater inroads of national banks into rural areas, along with the existing district cooperative banks, will work to farmers advantage by giving them easy access to crop loan.
eligible farmers should not miss out on loans for lack of access to banks in remote villages, the chief minister said.
fadnaviss stress on banking infrastructure follows a nabard report that said crop loan disbursement was higher in regions with better banking networks.
opposition leaders burn copies of budget booklet in front of vidhan bhavan on saturday.
(source: amit chakravarty) opposition leaders burn copies of budget booklet in front of vidhan bhavan on saturday.
(source: amit chakravarty)the congress and ncp on saturday adopted a novel method to protest against the government in the state legislative assembly.
they played clash cymbals (taal)disrupting the budget presentation of state finance minister sudhir mungantiwar.
the opposition members walked into the well of the house equipped with the taal and raised their demand for crop loan waiver.
they flashed banners.
the repeated warning from the speaker haribhau bagde went unheeded as senior leaders of both the parties refused to listen to the budget speech.
the scenario in the state council was no different as members created a pandemonium even as the budget speech was being read by the minister of state deepak kesarkar.
opposition leader in the assembly radhakrishna vikhe-patil said,we wanted the government to assure us about the crop loan waiver.
but despite our repeated demand they did not give categorical assurance on crop loan waiver.
the budget was for farmers.
by disrupting it they have insulted the farmers and the people of maharashtra.
however, a section of leaders within the congress appeared unhappy in the council.
a senior leader said,disrupting the state budget which was agriculture oriented has shown us in poor light.
instead, we should have participated and debated the issue to expose the governments shortcoming in the session.
the members led by leader of opposition dhananjay munde had trooped into the well as soon as kesarkar started reading the budget speech.
the legislators were demanding the immediate announcement of loan waiver and taunted the government representatives coming back empty handed from their visit to delhi.
fadnavis had on friday led a delegation of sena ministers to meet the union finance minster arun jaitley and union agriculture minister radha mohan singh to apprise him about the farm sector crisis.
the legislators continued to raise slogans to disrupt the house.
the mos, meanwhile, remained unfazed and continued to read out the speech without a break.
the opposition legislators continued to shout slogans for 90 minutes.
they also frequently broke out into devotional songs like raghupati raghav.
c r sasikumar c r sasikumaris the bullet train a white elephant or will it leap-frog india into a new era of advanced technology?
if you consider the question rationally, there is only one possible answer.
japan introduced its high-speed shinkansen line between tokyo and osaka as long ago as 1964.
its top speed then was 210 km/hr; its now 350 km/hr.
since the first bullet train made its debut, 10 other countries have developed a high-speed network, the biggest being chinas (89 tracks covering 26,783 km against japans 17 tracks covering 3,041 km).
other countries with high-speed trains include france, germany, italy, spain, south korea and even turkey.
none of them uses the shinkansen system  so is japanese technology really the best?
there seems to have been no technical evaluation comparing other available systems, so are we embarking on a project of over rs one lakh crore on blind faith?
but even assuming that the shinkansen system is comparable to any other technology on offer, how does it help indian engineering to take a big leap forward as has been claimed by government sources?
there is an interesting comparison here.
it is said that some years ago, japan offered to build the high-speed network for china.
after much negotiation, the talks stalled on one point: the refusal of the japanese to transfer technology, as is generally done in large-scale projects after an agreed period.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis statement the other day is significant: where will the raw materials and labourers for the project come from?
obviously from india!
everything that needs to be used in the project, right from services to provisions, will have a great potential of creating revenue.
there is more of this in the same vein from other politicians.
note, there is no mention anywhere of transfer of technology  and so far, none from any government source.
is that because the japanese have said they will guarantee safety only if they build the complete system?
presumably, this condition will also apply to bullet train projects which are proposed to connect major metros in the future.
so how exactly are we taking a technology jump upward?
if there was no technical evaluation and no transfer of technology agreement, was there at least a viability report?
apparently, yes.
what are the details?
no one knows because officialdom has refused to share the report even in response to rti applications.
we, however, do have the example of taiwan which installed the japanese shinkansen system.
in the early 1990s, a consortium of private companies was formed to install a high-speed train system on a build, operate and transfer (bot) model.
the system became operational in 2007 with an investment of $14.
3 billion.
by 2014, the rail operator was bankrupt with cumulative losses of $1.
5 billion.
because a rail network is for the public good, the taiwanese government bailed out the consortium by injecting $1 billion of public money and reduced the operators share by 60 per cent.
in india, the bot model was not even floated as a trial balloon for the very good reason that no private company would have bid for the project  the failure of the much less capital-intensive metro project (bot) is very much on everyones mind.
the bjp government in delhi has embraced (and claimed as its own) many of the upa governments ideas like gst.
so its worthwhile to know that the upa government had rejected the bullet train project as being completely unviable.
in fact, the then finance secretary rakesh mohan had said that he would not approve the project even if japan gave a grant instead of a loan.
thats probably because projections show that the mumbai-ahmedabad train service will need to carry nearly one lakh passengers a day to keep fares at a reasonable level.
the current traffic is only about 18,000 per day, which means that either fares will have to be raised well above air fares, or that the system will have to be subsidised in perpetuity.
much has been made of japans loan being virtually interest-free.
the japanese are giving a 50-year loan of rs 88,000 crore of the total project cost of rs 1,10,000 crore, the rest coming from the central government and state governments of gujarat and maharashtra.
if the interest rate offered to india of 0.
10 per cent sounds benign, consider this: the interest rate on 10-year japanese government bonds is 0.
04 per cent and other interest rates can even be negative.
that should put japanese benevolence in its place.
the difference in interest rates between india and japan (our 10-year government bonds yield 6.
5 per cent), has another, serious and long-term implication.
according to a financial analyst, if we consider average indian inflation at three per cent, and japanese at zero per cent, the rupee will depreciate three per cent every year vis-a-vis the japanese yen.
so over 50 years, the sum to be repaid will not be rs 88,000 crore but could be well over twice that amount.
in short, the bullet train is a bullet to the head of our future generations.
and apart from fulfilling the prime ministers dream, what other pressing objective does the bullet train project serve?
according to bibek debroy, who is a railway expert and a member of niti aayog (so not in any anti-government camp), 95 per cent of rail users in india do not use even the rajdhani or shatabdi trains.
so only five per cent of indians use our present super-fast trains because they find the extra fares beyond them.
in short, bullet trains are going to make travel faster for five per cent of the population, which already has the option of air travel.
lets look at the big picture.
the bullet train project is going to cost rs 1,10,000 crore; in last years rail budget, the total outlay for the entire indian railway system was rs 1,21,000 crore.
the bullet train will serve a small percentage of people travelling between two cities; the indian railway system, with over 13,000 trains running every day, carries more than eight billion passengers per year plus 1,000 million tonnes of freight over the whole country.
the cost for the two, as the figures show, is virtually the same.
so take your pick.
what does india really need?
a big bang bullet for the few, or a large, improved, safer system for all?
you really think that question needs an answer?
the survey for the route was done by the dmrc the survey for the route was done by the dmrcwithin two years of its formation, the pune metropolitan regional development authority (pmrda) has taken up its second mega project  the 23.
3-km hinjewadi to shivajinagar elevated metro rail project  by inviting request for quotation (rfq) from global bidders to execute the project.
the pmrdas first major project is construction of the ring road in the metropolitan region.
watch what else is making newsthe survey for the route was done by the delhi metro rail corporation (dmrc), which completed it within three months.
on december 28, a pmrda meeting, chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis , had approved the detailed project report (dpr) for the metro route.
an rfq for the project has been sought from interested bidders, with april 17 as the deadline for submission.
the rfq would enable pmrda to shortlist eligible companies for undertaking the work for the metro rail project, said mahesh zagade, metropolitan commissioner and ceo of pmrda.
the 23.
3-km metro stretch would cover hinjewadi megapolis-wipro junction and shivaji junction till the wakad flyover, then turn towards balewadi stadium while passing through baner road, till pune university junction.
the route would then extend to ganeshkhind road and akashwani kendra, ending at shivajinagar court, where it will be connected to the pune metro rail project planned by the pune municipal corporation and the pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation from pimpri to swargate.
a third metro route will start from ramwadi and end at vanaz.
the estimated cost of the project is rs 7,000 crore and it is expected to be operational by 2020.
the ticket fare is likely to be between rs 8 to rs 30.
as per the dpr, there would be 23 metro stations, each at a distance of one km from the other.
the midc would provide 55 acres of land in hinjewadi for setting up a metro rail depot.
the pmrda would explore the possibility of executing it as ppp project, or with government funding.
we have started the process for both simultaneously, said zagade.
he said that instead of appointing a consultant, the pmrda had undertaken the administrative process for rfq with the help of its available technical staff, thus saving time as well as money.
the reason for speeding up the process was the urgent demand by it professionals in hinjewadi the companies have raised concerns over investments leaving hinjewadi due to traffic issues the metro is the best solution, said zagade.
roads leading to hinjewadi witness heavy traffic jams due to the large number of people who work in the it sector and travel to the area every day.
while a number of steps, such as improving road infrastructure and introducing more buses, have been taken, they have not made much of a difference.
about two lakh people work at the it park and most of them live in the city, while hinjewadi is on the outskirts.
over one lakh vehicles, as well as 885 buses, ply on this route daily.
zagade said the metro route would cross the proposed ring road at hinjewadi, providing connectivity to commuters.
the tender process for ring road, which includes provision of land for the metro rail project along the ring road, would be completed soon, he said.
urban areas between mira road and virar are currently policed by the thane (rural) police.
file urban areas between mira road and virar are currently policed by the thane (rural) police.
urban areas between the mira road and virar stretch are currently policed by the thane (rural) police.
in a meeting on wednesday afternoon at sahyadri guest house to discuss issues pertaining to the mira-bhayander stretch, the cm announced that a police commissioners office will soon come up in the region along with an independent tehsil office.
the call centre scam unearthed earlier this year, involving duping of american citizens, was run from offices in this stretch.
even though a fast-developing urban stretch, the region has been policed in rural ways.
with the thane (rural) police facing a shortage of manpower, there are issues such as uneven distribution of police personnel.
the cms announcement was welcomed by residents as well as the overburdened police personnel.
the region should have got a commisionerate long ago.
however, it remained neglected for decades and became a safe haven for criminals.
the recent irs call centre scam and other criminal activities that hit the headlines finally made the government take this move.
we welcome this move, said ramannah shetty of mira road, a social activist.
currently the thane (rural) police jurisdiction that extends from mira road, just to the north of mumbai, to distant murbad  around 100 km north-east of mumbai  with 37 police stations under it, is sandwiched between the mumbai police commissionerate comprising over 90 police stations and thane commissionerate to its east with 35 police stations.
a police commissionerate is headed by a police commissioner, an ips officer, who also has powers of an executive magistrate which in a district rests with an ias officer, ideally a district collector.
in case of mira-bhayander, the superintendant of police has to consult the collector before taking a decision for a law and order problem.
the thane (rural) police sent its proposal to the state government three months ago for the district to be made into a police commissionerate.
after palghar district was carved out of thane rural, 60  of the police strength was diverted to palghar, leaving thane rural with only 2,300 personnel.
population is growing rapidly in the district and we are facing a severe staff crunch, said a senior police official.
once a commissionerate is formed, the officer added, more personnel can be recruited.
we will have 200-250 policemen and women in each police station, and other departments which function in a police commissionerate will also be operational, the officer said.
a blend of urban, rural, coastal and industrial areas, the mira road sub-division has six police stations bhayandar, navghar, uttan, mira road, kashimira and naya nagar.
with an average of 2,500 crimes registered each year, the twin-citys rapid development as compared to other regions in the district has put immense pressure on available resources.
the move for a police commissionerate had gained ground given the increasing law and order as well as crime control challenges police have been facing.
however, stressing the urgency on having an independent commisionerate for mira-bhayander, local legislator narendra mehta said, going by the geographical location of both the cities (mira-bhayandar and vasai-virar), a unified commissionerate is not viable.
moreover, both the regions are growing by leaps and bounds which will indisputably necessitate a split in the near future.
it is better to set up individual units.
b'bjp is focussing hard on pimpri-chinchwad, where it won in the civic election bjp is focussing hard on pimpri-chinchwad, where it won in the civic electionbuoyed by its performance in the pimpri-chinchwad civic election, the state bjp will hold a two-day meeting of the executive committee at chinchwad on april 26 and april 27.
this will be the second executive meeting of the party in the industrial city, 35 years after the first one was held in 1982.
top leaders of the party including chief minister devendrafadnavis , state unit president raosaheb danve, state ministers, party mlas and presidents of the partys 65 administrative districts are expected to attend the executive meeting.
five union ministers from the state, including nitin gadkari and suresh prabhu will, like the cm, not only attend the event but will also hold forth on the partys plans, policies, ideology and its ambition of ruling not only maharashtra single-handedly but other local self-government bodies as well, said bjp sources.
there is widespread speculation that congress leader narayan rane will formally join the bjp during the state executive meeting.
however, no bjp leader was ready to confirm the development.
speculation over rane joining the bjp gained momentum last week after the congress leader reportedly met bjp president amit shah in gujarat along with cm devendra fadnavis.
though rane denied having met shah, he conceded that he has received an offer from the bjp, but has neither accepted it nor rejected it.
a bjp leader said rane might join the party once the election for the next president is over, as the party does not intend to antagonise its ally shiv sena.
pimpri-chinchwad, once considered a bastion of sharad pawar and ncp, has been deliberately chosen as the venue for the executive meeting as the party had captured it with a large margin.
winning the pcmc poll was one of the major achievements of the party in the civic elections the party wanted to celebrate the occasion in its own way, said a leader.
when the lok sabha election was held in 2014, the bjp hardly had any presence in pimpri-chinchwad.
it always had less than 10 corporators and never had an mla.
however, after narendra modi held his first rally three years ago at ha ground, and it witnessed a record turnout, the bjps fortunes began to change.
today, the party has two mlas from pimpri-chinchwad as well as a brute majority in the civic body.
bjp pimpri-chinchwad president laxman jagtap said at least 800 party leaders are expected to attend the two-day meet, to be held at the ramkrishna more auditorium.
jagtap said fadnavis and gadkari, among other leaders, will address the meet and highlight the future course of action vis-a-vis the growth of the party in maharashtra.
party chiefs from administrative districts will reveal the partys progress in their areas, said bjp general secretary sarang kamtekar.
on the last time the partys executive meeting was held in pimpri-chinchwad, he said, pcmc was a council then and the party was smaller.
this will be the second executive meet and the biggest one, he said.
meanwhile, other parties, including shiv sena and ncp, have decided to stage a hunger strike during the bjp meet to highlight its failure to keep its promises.
be it on the issue of loan waiver for farmers, regularisation of illegal structures or scrapping the penalty tax, the pm and cm both made promises, but they remain unfulfilled so, we will stage a hunger strike and hold a demonstration, said shiv sena leader maruti bhapkar.
saying the ncp, mns, aap and at least 25 social and voluntary organisations will participate in the protest, bhapkar claimed that the bjp might try to scuttle their protest.
if the bjp tries that, then there will be a protest on a larger scale, he said.
the final session of the 13th maharashtra legislative assembly is set to begin from monday in which a total of 28 bills, including 13 new, are likely to be discussed.
advertisingthe three-week monsoon session will be the last session in the ahead of the maharashtra assembly elections.
thirteen new bills will be tabled by the government during the monsoon session.
the budget will also be presented.
fadnavis said that 15 bills were already pending before the legislature 12 of them in the legislative assembly and three in the legislative council.
advertisingthe chief minister also said the state government was in the process of uploading database of 1.
2 crore farmers on the union governments portal, which will be used for the pradhan mantri kisan samman nidhi yojana for disbursal of funds ahead of the kharif season.
fadnavis also rubbished the oppositions allegation that his governments claims on development were virtual and did not reflect on the ground.
the opposition is cut off from the ground.
because of their perception (that the governments functioning was virtual) they suffered such a humiliating defeat in the recently-held general elections, fadnavis said.
he added that his government has planned to bring in some provisions and schemes for the dhangar community in the budget to be presented during the session.
members of the dhangar or shepherd community have been demanding scheduled tribe (st) status for the community members for a long time.
a full budget will be presented during the monsoon session on june 18, as the state government did not present it in the previous session in view of the general elections.
the assembly elections in the state are due in september-october this year.
chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday said some political parties were trying to hold farmers hostage by scripting a strike to trigger violence and create political instability in maharashtra.
in a veiled attack against the congress and ncp which control the cooperative network and agriculture produce market corporation, he said, the government will not hesitate to crack the whip against such destructive elements whose act of violence is detrimental for farmers welfare.
in the monsoon session commencing july, we will bring a new legislation making individuals or organisation violating msp to farmers a punishable act.
stating that the strike was confined to a few districts of nashik, ahmednagar and pune, fadnavis said: there were instances of stone pelting reported.
we believe no farmer will ever resort to such act of violence.
the administration will identity such elements and take action.
making an appeal to the farmers to withdraw the strike and come for discussions, he added: the strike is harming the farmers.
the produce of farmers is being held up.
taking a swipe at the opposition parties in the state fadnavis said: their sangharsh yatra did not get the peoples support.
the same people are now inciting violence in the name of farmers protest.
we are in favour of conceding to all demands of the farmers.
our doors are open for discussions on all subjects with one and all.
stating that the strike will not have an impact in mumbai or across maharashtra, he said: the administration is working to provide the required mechanism to tackle any eventuality, if it arises.
former maharashtra chief minister narayan rane wednesday accused the shiv sena leadership of clinging onto power in the state to save itself from inquiries of graft.
uddhav thackeray wont quit power.
matoshri fears that walking out of power will result in the bjp initiating inquiries into various cases of corruption involving matoshri, the partys leaders, ministers, etc, rane, a former shiv sainik and matoshris blue-eyed boy at one time, alleged, adding that the sena was neck-deep in corruption.
the congress leader claimed it was this fear that made the shiv sena back out of a proposal to isolate the bjp on the vidarbha statehood issue in the house.
on tuesday, there had been discussions of introducing a resolution backed by the congress, ncp, and the shiv sena for an undivided maharashtra in the state legislature.
rane also fired a salvo at chief minister devendrafadnavis , alleging that elements within the bjp were plotting to destablise the government.
he accused fadnavis of misleading the house on the separate vidarbha row, alleging that it was a desperate bid to save his own chair.
express expressnearly 12 lakh voters will have a chance to make a choice from as many as 773 candidates belonging to ncp, bjp, shiv sena, congress, rpi, mns, mim and the 231 independent candidates as polling to elect 128 corporators to pcmc takes place on tuesday.
one candidate has already been declared elected unopposed.
this will be the 7th civic election.
the first one was held in 1986 when municipal council was given the status of a municipal corporation.
the polling will take place at 1,605 polling booths.
the police have already declared 88 polling centres and 373 polling booths as sensitive.
watch what else is in the newsall arrangements for conducting the polling across pimpri-chinchwad have been made.
as many as 8,000 evms have been checked, re-checked and put in place, said pcmc election chief yeshwant mane.
civic chief dinesh waghmare said in 2012, pcmc had 52 per cent polling but this time they are expecting around 70 per cent.
we have gone all out to create awareness among voters, he said.
the main fight is widely considered to be between ajit pawar-led ncp, the ruling party and bjp, which has gone all-out to snatch power from ncp with chief minister devendrafadnavis himself closely monitoring the partys fortunes.
the shiv sena is likely to do well in some pockets.
the congress has struggled to find candidates as it managed to field only 70 of them.
first, it was the congress which single-handedly ruled pcmc from 1986 and then it was ncp which has maintained its supremacy for a past decade.
in fact, in 2012, ncp created history when it won with a brute majority of 83 seats.
bjp and sena never were in the race to pcmcs seat of power.
in 2012, bjps performance had managed only 3 corporators while sena had 15 corporators.
however, in the run up to the 2017 elections, the bjp upped the ante to capture the pawar bastion, importing several sitting ncp corporators and top leaders likes mla mahesh landge and azam pansare in its bid to grab power.
even former shiv sena mp gajanan babar was roped in.
in fact, it all began during the assembly polls two years ago, when laxman jagtap, the close confidant of ajit pawar, shifted loyalty to bjp.
jagtap won the chinchwad seat, defeating sena and ncp nominees.
sensing opportunity, the bjp wasted no time in annointing jagtap as partys local president.
and jagtap too was quick on the job, targeting ncp for corruption and then later, poached ncps key players for the party.
with many turncoats by their side, the bjp launched all-out assault with several top leaders, including fadnavis and union ministers such as manohar parrikar, holding a slew of rallies to impress the voters and seeking a chance to prove their mettle.
in rallies after rallies, the cm and other bjp leaders targeted ncp for corruption and promised transparency.
at his first meeting in chinchwad, cm said, from croreparti, the pcmc is on way to becoming roadpati because of the massive corruption in pcmc by the ruling party.
in his concluding rally, fadnavis urged voters to give bjp a chance to carry out five times more development work.
ncp, which was looking down the barrel, however, seemed to have covered considerable ground as it went around, seeking votes for development it carried out in pimpri-chinchwad.
the bjp and the cm should show us one city in maharashtra that can be compared to pimpri-chinchwad on the development index, ajit pawar challenged fadnavis during a public rally.
pawar said if corruption is proved in pcmc, he will give up politics.
ncp has seemingly risen to the challenge from bjp as it has picked several of its old guards  sitting corporators and ex corporators.
according to observers, its panel of four candidates looks much stronger than the bjps.
bjp has struggled to find popular candidates even after poaching few from the ncp.
bjp chief jagtap though puts up a brave front,voters are fed up of corruption perpetuated by ncpwe will win maximum seats and uproot the ncp, he said.
however, ncp leader yogesh behl was quick to ridicule the bjp claim.
bjp has not been able to prove a single allegation of corruption.
it has only indulged in political bakwas (nonsense), he said.
behl said people are well aware of the development that has taken place and will therefore, vote for the ncp.
chief minister prithviraj chavan has admitted that there were irregularities in the commercial complex within the patliputra housing society formed by senior ias and ips officials in mumbai.
treasury and opposition benches demanded action against the society for the irregularities,particularly targeting bmc commissioner subodh kumar.
congress mla amin patel wanted to know if kumar is a member of the society,to which cm said that he would table the details regarding membership.
leader of opposition eknath khadse alleged that except one member of the society,everyone had shown monthly incomes of rs 7,000 and rs 9,000,which was unbelievable.
it needs to be checked if these persons have revealed wrong information.
we know that the income tax department is conducting an inquiry against officials named in the adarsh scam,will similar action be taken against member of the patliputra society, he questioned.
the cm admitted that there have been irregularities and an fir has been lodged on the basis of the complaint filed by the bmc commissioner in 2010.
he said the commissioner lodged a complaint against the owner of the plot and the occupier under mrtp act,but the police filed fir only against the occupier.
he said a case has been registered against valajibhai gote,who is the tenant of the commercial complex.
police do not work under the commissioner.
i will inquire if there was pressure on the police while filing the fir, said chavan.
chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (express file photo) chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (express file photo)pledging to wipe out corruption from the shiv sena-ruled bmc, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said, we dont want power in bmc to run our house or party.
at a public rally at somaiyya grounds in mumbai, fadnavis, alluding to the sena, said he was not someone to get cowed down by threats or provocation.
fadnavis, batting for migrants, said mumbai belongs to mumbaikars.
the chief minister added, i am a maharashtrian.
i am proud about my marathi.
i worship chhatrapati shivaji.
in shivajis regime, there was no discrimination based on caste, community or religion.
shivaji also gave same space and dignity to the people representing the muslim community.
watch what else is in the newsmy government will not tolerate any discrimination.
make no mistake, all those people from uttar pradesh and bihar who have been living here for the last two to three generations have equal rights and status like mumbaikars, the chief minister said and added, the politics of violence and divide will have no place in my government or administration, i believe in justice and fair play.
the slum redevelopment authority (sra) is not for builders or politicians.
the constitution of sra is for development of the slum dwellers.
it is to provide affordable houses to the poorest of the poor toiling masses in mumbai.
under the sra scheme we have decided to raise the carpet area of houses from existing 269 square feet to 350 square feet, he said.
the chief minister promised a new development plan for the koliwada gaothans the original colony of fishermen in mumbai.
describing shiv sena president uddhav thackerays campaign, he said, it is the same strategy which pakistan adopts against india to divert the attention of our soldiers to facilitate infiltration.
but our soliders and army know their tricks and have always succeeded in giving a befitting reply.
referring to thackerays charges, fadnavis said, yes, i am not a tiger.
i am an ordinary man.
but let us not forget that when an ordinary man gets mass support, the strength is equivalent to ten lions.
and that ordinary man can enter a tigers den and break open its jaws and count and break the teeth.
while emphasising on development plank, he said, i asked only two questions to thackeray.
why, despite spending rs 2500 crore, mumbai roads could not get rid of potholes?
second, where have rs 8,000 crore gone in name of nullah safai?
the maharashtra administrative tribunal (mat) last week reinstated former thane jail superintendent, hiralal jadhav, nearly three years after he was placed under suspension following allegations of sexual harassment leveled against him by a woman jailor.
the tribunal noted that chief minister devendrafadnavis had, in the past, thrice sent back proposals of the suspension review committee to revoke its earlier suspension orders, leaving the committee with no choice but to recommend that jadhav continue to remain suspended back then.
advertisingin an order issued on may 14, the tribunal gave the state government a fortnight to revoke jadhavs suspension.
the maharashtra civil services (discipline and appeal) rules 1979 stipulate that if a departmental inquiry into the conduct of a suspended official is not completed within six months, he/she is entitled to be reinstated to a non-executive post.
the woman jailor in her complaint had alleged that in june 2016, she had written to jadhav who then headed thane central jail, for accommodation in the staff quarters.
however, jadhav is alleged to have asked the woman to meet him at kalwa bridge in august 2016 to discuss her case.
in a subsequent complaint, the woman alleged that jadhav paid her an unsolicited compliment, held her and asked to accompany him for a drive in his car.
the woman refused.
jadhav is also alleged to have sent the woman sexually explicit photos and engaged in obscene conversation on whatsapp.
the woman brought the matter to the notice of prison department dig swati sathe.
following sathes probe, jadhav was placed under suspension in september.
in the same month, jadhav was also booked for illegally barging into the thane jail accompanied by 15 men and again in november 2016, for leaking pictures of the woman to two daily newspapers in an attempt to malign her image, she alleged.
advertisingin the meantime, the state governments departmental inquiry came to a grinding halt in december 2018.
jadhav filed a special leave petition in the supreme court alleging irregularities in the way it was being conducted.
the apex court ordered that the proceedings be stayed.
jadhav also challenged his suspension before the mat, claiming he had been framed by the woman in co-operation with four male jail employees who bore a grudge against him for transferring them internally from one cell to another.
the government replied to the mat, stating that the scs stay meant that the departmental inquiry could not proceed.
perusing through the case, the tribunal got the impression from the exchanges that jadhav appeared to be a predator full of lust.
but, the tribunal also noted that the woman was not a naive and innocuous prey and had the option to ending the conversation.
the suspension review committee wrote thrice to fadnavis to revoke the order but each time it was returned for reconsideration since there were serious allegations against jadhav.
the fourth time the committee said it cannot recommend revocation.
the supersonic speed with which the matter of suspension of the applicant was moved on the employees complaint, and the decision was reached and suspension was effected, suggests that someone was keen on quick and punctual action, as well was operating as a controlling hand to have repelled the revocation in the offing (sic), the tribunal observed.
however, the tribunal noted that the cms deliberations could have been motivated by two factors.
the office of chief minister was constantly pursued to strive to take a decision unfavourable for revocation of suspension of the applicant.
or the office of chief minister was acting under the fear phychosis /phobia that if a person like the applicant, who is indicted as a predator full of lust, is allowed to enter the functional premises, it would create a catastrophic effect (sic), the mats order stated.
tribunal chairman a h joshi said: it is most likely that due to either of the factors the applicants case/ file has made three trips from the review committee in home department to the chief ministers office, and vice versa, until nothing containing unfavourable recommendation was made taking the feel / hint of the wishes of competent authority/ the office of the honble chief minister.
the congress-ncp that sought a special three-day session to debate the farm loan waiver issue had no explanation as to why the parties did not participate in the discussions related to the matter during the budget session held between march and april.
(representational image) the congress-ncp that sought a special three-day session to debate the farm loan waiver issue had no explanation as to why the parties did not participate in the discussions related to the matter during the budget session held between march and april.
(representational image)opposition congress and nationalist congress party and the ruling shiv sena tried to score brownie points over the farm loan waiver issue on tuesday by taking their demand to the governor and the chief ministers residence, respectively.
the opposition and the sena want the state government to provide a rs 30,500 crore loan waiver to the farmers in the state.
while the congress-ncp leaders met governor c vidhyasagar rao to demand a special three-day session to discuss the loan waiver, sena ministers met chief minister devendrafadnavis with the same plea.
both the opposition and senas demands coincided with the cabinet decision to convene a special session of the state legislative assembly and the legislative council to discuss and bring amendments in the goods and services act.
the three-day session will be held between may 20 and 22.
the leader of the opposition in the assembly, radhakrishna vikhe-patil, said: the congress and ncp leaders urged the governor to direct the government to convene a special session to provide farm loan waiver to the farmers.
the shiv sena is trying score points against the opposition to show false concern for farmers.
if they are so worried about farmers, they should have resigned from the bjp government.
or, at least forced the bjp government to concede to the farm loan waiver demand in the cabinet.
he said the sena had adopted double standards  enjoying power in the government and raking up the farm loan waiver issue for public posturing to undermine the opposition.
asked about the meeting with the chief minister, a senior sena minister requesting anonymity said: we met the chief minister to discuss procurement of tur dal (pulses) from farmers.
we also urged the chief minister to provide relief to farmers with some financial incentives as we understand that the rs 30,500 crore waiver is not the solution.
the minister said: the congress-ncp have no business questioning our integrity.
the agricultural crisis is an outcome of their wrong policies and corruption in the irrigation sector.
the congress-ncp that sought a special three-day session to debate the farm loan waiver issue had no explanation as to why the parties did not participate in the discussions related to the matter during the budget session held between march and april.
a senior bjp minister said: the five week-long budget session provided a golden opportunity to the congress-ncp to debate the farm loan waiver issue.
yet, they chose to stay away.
both the assembly and the council held debates on the issue and the state has given its reply on the matter.
explaining the governments position, the bjp minister said: last week, fadnavis launched a programme unnat sheti and samruddha shetkari to make higher capital investments in agriculture and double farm income.
budget 2017-18 has provided rs 19,000 crore capital investments.
he added that a sub-committee led by the additional chief secretary, finance, officials from agriculture and water conservation departments, nabard and rbi were working to incorporate all 32 lakh farmers of the state in the institutional crop loan credit bracket.
fadnavis has promised a slew of incentives to help small and marginal farmers with land holding less than 2 hectares, he said.
protest by farmers bodya group of people representing the baliraj shetkari sanghatana on tuesday protested at the state government headquarters, mantralaya, demanding complete loan waiver for farmers.
led by the chief of the organisation, sanjay patil ghatnekar, the agitators demonstrated at the mantralaya gates by throwing onions and tur dal on the road.
b'revenue minister eknath khadse on monday appeared to take a dig at chief minister devendrafadnavis over the row involving his personal aide, who has been arrested by the anti-corruption bureau (acb) on bribery charges.
had the acb cared to check with the revenue department before carrying out the action, they would have known that the land allotment file in question wasnt active, khadse told the indian express.
the acb functions under the home department, which is headed by the cm.
on may 13, the acb arrested khadses close associate gajanan patil, who was accused of demanding a rs 30-crore bribe in a land allotment case.
khadses remarks came hours after fadnavis said there was no question of interfering or intervening in the agencys probe, and that the agency had been on the case for over three months.
the acb fir, though, suggests the agency has been probing the matter for nearly nine months.
welcoming a fair probe, khadse said the complainant in the case had earlier levelled baseless corruption charges against senior bureaucrats including pravin singh pardeshi, who is currently a principal secretary in the chief ministers office, and chief secretary swadheen kshatriya.
all i wish to convey is that there are records suggesting that the complainant in the matter is a habitual complainant.
he has been persistently raising corruption allegations against government functionaries since 2008, khadse said.
the opposition has been gunning for interrogation of khadses osd unmesh mahajan, with the acb fir containing recorded conversations between patil and the complainant in which the former allegedly indicates that the bribe amount was conveyed by one unmesh.
khadse rubbished the allegations against mahajan and his office.
this is a peculiar case when action has been taken by the acb on the basis of an alleged conversation over a bribe demand between two private persons.
i havent come across any such instance in my four decades in politics, he said.
the acb arrested patil on a complaint from economist ramesh jadhav, 70.
b'chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday appointed former additional chief secretary gautam chatterjee as the chairman of the newly formed real estate regulatory authority.
the retired bureaucrat, who has served as an officer on special duty in the cmo, was already holding the charge as interim regulator for the authority.
fadnavis, meanwhile, appointed a serving bureaucrat, dr vijay satbir singh, as one of the members of the authority.
the 1984-batch ias officer, currently serving as additional chief secretary (public health), is due for retirement in july this year.
while a number of serving and retired bureaucrats were vying for these posts, a selection panel had recommended names of chatterjee and dr singh.
retired judge b d kapadnis will serve as the second member.
following the announcement wednesday, there was some speculation on whether dr singh will seek voluntary retirement.
but sources said he might hold both positions till july.
the regulatory authority came into being on may 1.
b'helmetless riders at a petrol pump on j m road on thursday.
(source: express photo by manoj more) helmetless riders at a petrol pump on j m road on thursday.
(source: express photo by manoj more)the maharashtra government has decided to reconsider the no helmet, no fuel rule, transport minister diwakar raote informed the state assembly on friday.
however, petrol pump owners will be asked to intimate vehicle numbers of two-wheelers where the rider was without helmet, to transport authorities, the minister said.
the decision, set to be implemented from august 1, had met with fierce opposition from pump owners.
giving into the resistance from two-wheeler riders and petrol pump owners, the government decided to assess the feasibility of its implementation, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said recently.
speaking in the assembly on thursday, fadnavis had said the state government decided to implement strict road safety-related rules to reduce the casualties in road accidents.
raote had announced last month that from august 1, no two-wheeler riders will be sold petrol at pumping stations if they are not wearing helmets.
these rules put the onus on petrol pump owners who had threatened to go on strike.
the opposition had raised the issue in the lower house, saying it was against public sentiments.
former deputy chief minister and nationalist congress party leader ajit pawar said though the governments intention was sincere, the policy was not practical.
groups in pune are preparing to make helmets available outside petrol pumps for re 1, just for refuelling purposes.
this will defeat the original purpose, he had said.
watch video: whats making newsbesides making helmets compulsory, we wanted to tap ways to get riders to wear them, and hence announced the compulsion of helmet-for-fuel.
our intention was positive as the percentage of two-wheeler riders who dont wear helmets and meet with fatal accidents is high, fadnavis had said.
the government will look into measures to increase awareness among riders, he said.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(express archive) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(express archive)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday called on the family of the 14-year-old girl who was gangraped and brutally murdered in kopardi village in ahmednagar district earlier this month.
fadnavis, who was accompanied by minister of state for home affairs ram shinde, said he had promised the family that the government wouldnt leave any stone unturned to bring the culprit to justice.
the class ix student was allegedly raped and killed by three men on july 13 when she was returning from the house of the grandparents who stay about half a mile away.
the three are jitendra alias pappu shinde (25), nitin ghailume (26) and santosh bhawal (36), all residents of the same village.
the post-mortem report said the girls body had serious injuries all over and that she died due to shock and asphyxiation.
cm @dev_fadnavis and minister ram shinde meets family members of the victim at kopardi.
cm @dev_fadnavis expressed his deepest condolences and assured strongest action against culprit and strictest punishment through fast track court.
a large number of people were present at this time in kopardi.
cm interacted with them and assured in his short speech that govt will leave no stone unturned to ensure justice, the cms office said in a series of tweets soon after his visit to the village.
earlier, fadnavis had informed the legislative assembly last week that the accused had been booked under sections 376 (rape), 302 (murder) of the ipc and relevant provisions of the protection of children from sexual offences (pocso) act.
he had also said noted lawyer ujjwal nikam had been appointed as the public prosecutor in the case and the government had given rs 5 lakh solarium to the victims family.
the samitis formed in various villages as part of the campaign have distributed a total of rs 25 lakh during this financial year to nearly 250 cancer patients among the families of farmers, the release said.
(representational image) the samitis formed in various villages as part of the campaign have distributed a total of rs 25 lakh during this financial year to nearly 250 cancer patients among the families of farmers, the release said.
(representational image)over 34,000 families in various villages here have been provided financial assistance under a government-sponsored campaign which has helped in checking incidents of farmers suicides in the district.
the baliraja chetna abhiyan is being carried out successfully in the district and has helped in curbing the farmers suicides to a great extent, yavatmal collector sachindra pratap singh said yesterday.
watch what else is making newsthe campaign was launched in august 2015 as a part of the chief ministers announcement to stop farmers from taking the extreme step in yavatmal and osmanabad districts of maharashtra.
under the campaign, financial assistance has been provided to 34,596 families of farmers in 1,848 villages across yavatmal during the current financial year, a release issued by the district administration said.
the samitis formed in various villages as part of the campaign have distributed a total of rs 25 lakh during this financial year to nearly 250 cancer patients among the families of farmers, the release said.
the fund is made available from the donations received from philanthropists in the district, campaign director and resident deputy collector rajesh khawale said.
under the campaign, the needy farmers are given loan to the extent of rs 5,000 without any interest for the purpose of sowing and medical treatment, khawale said.
financial assistance is also being provided to needy students for their high education and for organising mass marriages of daughters of farmers in the district, he said.
we are monitoring the campaign closely and a special team of nodal officers has been appointed to check its implementation, singh said.
the nodal officers arrange regular meetings in the villages and try to resolve the issues of farmers there itself, he added.
our efforts will not cease till we ensure that not a single farmer takes the extreme step, fadnavis had then said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday urged opposition parties not to politicise the floods in western maharashtra, cautioning that people wont forgive them.
advertisingits my ardent plea to opposition parties not to politicise the floods.
people are reeling in hardships and our foremost task should be to reach out relief measures to them, fadnavis said after his second visit to flood-hit kolhapur and sangli districts.
we will certainly appreciate if the opposition points out the administrations shortcomings or gives suggestions on tackling the floods.
this is not the time for politics.
people wont like it.
once the floods have receded and normalcy is restored, there will be plenty of opportunities to indulge in politics, he added.
advertisingfadnavis said the maharashtra and karnataka governments were coordinating with each other on relief and rescue work in the flood-affected areas in both states.
on saturday, 5,30,000 cusec of water was discharged from almatti dam to ease the flood situation, he said.
congress and ncp leaders have been attacking the maharashtra government for failing to get more water discharged from almatti dam.
addressing the media after touring sangli on saturday, fadnavis said, till now, 3,78,000 people have been relocated from flood-affected areas to safer destinations.
there are 306 camps to accommodate the flood-hit.
preliminary data shows 27,468 hectares of farm land have been adversely hit by the floods.
nearly 484 km of roads have been damagedthis years rainfall has been unprecedented.
if we compare sanglis rainfall in the 2005 floods, 217 per cent excess rain was received in 31 days during that calamity.
this year we have received more than thrice of that, 758 per cent excess rain in just nine days.
same has been the case in kolhapur as well.
all agencies are working together and there is full support from the central government, fadnavis said.
when asked if systems were not prepared to deal with the situation, he said, we will have to strengthen the systems and i have given directions to all the agencies involved.
we will have to prepare ourselves for heavier rainfall in shorter durations.
our rivers at this point do not have the capacity to drain out the kind of rainfall that we receivedalmost 100 doctors have been parked in sangli and kolhapur.
the government has released rs 154 crore to tackle the situation.
the compensation for death has been increased from rs 1.
5 lakh to rs 5 lakh.
for the injured, the amount has been raised from rs 60,000 to rs 1 lakh.
the compensation for loss of big animal is rs 30,000.
cm defends mahajanchief minister devendrafadnavis saturday defended water resources minister girish mahajan, who came under fire from the opposition after his selfie videos in kolhapur went viral, saying that the minister visited the worst flood-hit areas against several odds.
what i gather is, mahajan after meeting people returned to the rescue boat.
when the boat set out, he waved to people.
now, someone circulated it as a selfie, he said.
rains abate in konkanthe situation in coastal konkan following incessant rain for the last four-five days eased on saturday after the rain abated.
the government said 3,000 people in raigad district, 500 in sindhudurg and 757 in ratnagiri have been shifted to safer areas.
food and medicines are bring provided to the affected people.
party workers greet uddhav thackeray.
(source: express photo by prashant nadkar) party workers greet uddhav thackeray.
(source: express photo by prashant nadkar)the shiv sena on friday started back-channel talks with the congress to explore an attempt to checkmate the bjp in the race for control over the mumbai municipal corporation, the countrys richest civic body.
top sources confirmed that uddhav thackerays emissaries had approached the congress with a proposal for backing shiv senas claim for the city mayors post.
they said the congress, which suffered a drubbing in the polls, is considering the option of extending outside support to the shiv sena.
sources said the shiv sena has offered the deputy mayors post to the congress in lieu of its support.
civic officials said the mayors election will be held on march 9.
the floor test for the post is by a show of hands.
maharashtra congress chief ashok chavan convened a meeting of senior party leaders where the senas option is said to have been discussed.
former chief ministers sushilkumar shinde and narayan rane; mumbai congress chief sanjay nirupam; mp hussain dalwai and former maharashtra ministers naseem khan and balasaheb thorat attended the meeting.
earlier in the day, congress mla abdul sattar, who is seen as ashok chavans close aide, had set the ball rolling.
the party will take a call on extending support after receiving a formal proposal from the shiv sena.
since the bjp is our principal rival, the partys state unit will submit a formal proposal to the high command on supporting the shiv sena not only in the bmc but in other civic bodies and zilla parishads across the state.
thursdays election results had thrown up a hung verdict.
the shiv sena won 84 seats in the 227-member corporation while the bjp was a close second with 82  an almost three-fold surge.
while both the shiv sena and the bjp are reaching out to independents to pad their numbers, they are aware that neither can reach the magic mark of 114 without congresss support.
the congress won 31 seats (down from 52), the nationalist congress party 9, maharashtra navnirman sena 7, the all india majlis-e-ittehadul muslimeen won two, and arun gawlis akhil bharatiya sena (abs) one.
five independents were also elected to the house.
so far the shiv sena has received support from two independents while the bjp has managed one.
the abs is expected to back the shiv sena.
read: bmc elections 2017: wont ally with congress at any cost, says maharashtra cm devendra fadnaviswhile the easier option of the shiv sena and the bjp burying their differences and coming back together remains open, thackerays party has dropped hints that its not averse to exercising the more improbable option of taking congress support.
on the face of it, both the shiv sena and the congress remained non-committal.
we are celebrating today.
we have come to power for the fifth consecutive time in mumbai.
i havent through of anything else right now, said uddhav thackeray today when asked about who will decide mumbais next mayor.
prodded further, he said, discussions are on, while opting not to reveal with whom.
on thursday after the poll outcome, thackeray announced that the party would win the mayoral poll but didnt elaborate.
chavan, too, adopted a wait-and-watch stance.
the ss and the bjp continue to coexist in an alliance in the state and the centre.
it is for them to first take a call on the fate of their alliance.
only after that can we decide our position.
right now we are a third party, he said.
however, a senior sena leader, who wished not to be named, tried to justify the move.
in the past, we had broken from nda ranks to extend support to congresss nominees pratibha patil and pranab mukherjee for the presidents post.
we see no reason why the congress cant extend us support to keep the bjp at bay, he said.
shiv sena sources said the party was also in talks with the ncp.
we are banking on support from the mns.
the sp and the mim can abstain or remain neutral during the vote for the mayor to see us through, another leader said.
during the meeting of senior congress leaders, sources confirmed that some spoke in favour of backing the shiv sena.
but others were wary of the negative signal this would send to the partys loyal minority voters.
some senior congress leaders argued that the sena had sent a muslim candidate to the house from bandras behrampada which is minority-dominated.
they said that the partys central leadership had been apprised of the senas proposal and word was awaited.
there is another section in the party which feels that extending support formally to the shiv sena would impact the partys poll prospects in uttar pradesh.
an alternate option of indirectly helping the sena by abstaining from voting for the mayors post was also discussed.
when contacted, nirupam said: our mandate is to sit in opposition, he said.
but he reiterated chavans stance that it was up to the sena and the bjp to take a call on their alliance first.
while the bjp camp is yet to formally reach out to thackeray, union minister nitin gadkari pushed for an alliance.
the situation is such that both parties (bjp and sena) have to come together, gadkari said adding that a final decision would be taken by chief minister devendrafadnavis and uddhav thackeray.
both of them are mature.
they are good friends, gadkari told a local tv channel.
thackeray has called a meeting of his senior leaders and newly elected corporators on saturday.
meanwhile, in the wake of huge strides made by the bjp in elections for zilla parishads, chavan announced on friday that the congress and the ncp will forge post-poll pacts for staking claim to power in 12 zps.
while the congress and ncp have traditionally dominated the states rural politics, the bjp trumped the two in most of the zps on thursday.
the ncp had approached us with a formal proposal for a post-poll pact.
we have agreed to it, chavan said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has appealed to bjp workers not to remain defensive on the controversial maratha reservation.
(file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis has appealed to bjp workers not to remain defensive on the controversial maratha reservation.
(file photo)the state unit of the bjp has decided to adopt a resolution supporting reservation for marathas in government jobs and education institutions at its state executive conclave, which started in mumbai on wednesday.
the formal resolution  which is expected to be adopted on thursday  states, marathas should be given 16 per cent reservation in education and employment sectors.
the maratha reservation would be independent and not clubbed within the existing quota of other backward castes (obcs).
at the same time, the party also believes that while extending maratha reservation, the supreme court guidelines are also honoured.
watch what else is making newsthe bjps resolution says that maratha reservation should not, in any way, impact the exiting quota for other backward classes, scheduled castes and scheduled tribes.
the marathas constitute 33 per cent of the state population and they are a politically dominant community in the state.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has appealed to bjp workers not to remain defensive on the controversial maratha reservation.
while saying that both the party and his government are committed to 16 per cent reservation for marathas, fadnavis told party workers to counter the congress-ncps attack against the government and the party with a befitting reply on reservation politics.
fadnavis said, there is absolutely no ambiguity about the governments efforts and the partys support to maratha reservation.
while the party is adopting the resolution, the government is also providing adequate documents to ensure that the reservation stands the legal test in court.
the government has documented 1,200 pages to justify reservation for marathas in court.
at the bjp meeting, he said the maratha rallies were a reflection of the anguish and anger of the neglected marathas against the powerful established leadership within the community.
what moral right does the congress-ncp have to question the government on the maratha reservation when they failed to address the basic concerns of the community for last six decades?
he asked.
according to bjps political managers, the resolution would help the party send a message to the community, which has taken to the streets under the banner of the kranti maratha morcha.
besides, the bjp wants to exploit the divide between the rich and poor among marathas, which was reflected in the rallies across the state, they said.
state bjp president raosaheb danve said, although the maratha rallies were silent, its message was clearly conveyed to the 1.
25 crore people of maharashtra.
chief minister devendrafadnavis outside the bjp office in mumbai on thursday.
(source: express photo by pradip das) chief minister devendrafadnavis outside the bjp office in mumbai on thursday.
(source: express photo by pradip das)putting his personal stamp on the partys triumph across maharashtra thursday, chief minister devendrafadnavis led the bjp as it stormed the shiv sena citadel of mumbai, made giant strides in elections to civic bodies across the state and marginalised the congress and ncp.
watch video | a quick look at final tally of bmc election & pmc election results 2017in mumbai, the bjp won 82 of 227 seats  almost a threefold increase  in the fiercely contested brihanmumbai municipal corporation polls, just two short of the sena tally.
with both parties well short of the 114 score needed to control the countrys richest civic body, a return to the alliance appeared inevitable  the sena and bjp had called off the pact before the polls to go separate ways.
the mns dropped to 7 from its 2012 score of 28 seats.
across maharashtra, the bjp made impressive and decisive gains as the congress and ncp were routed, losing strongholds like pune.
while the sena improved its showing in mumbai and thane, the bjp looked set to control the remaining eight corporations  ulhasnagar, pune, pimpri-chinchwad, solapur, nashik, akola, amravati and nagpur.
the congress plummeted to a new low  the tally of 31 seats is its lowest in the bmc and the party lost solapur and amravati to the bjp.
the ncp surrendered pune and pimpri-chinchwad.
in elections to zilla parishads too, the bjp tally suggested a threefold increase.
of the 1509 seats, the scorecard od the results declared read: bjp 410 (up from 165); shiv sena 264 (233); congress 293 (419); ncp 346 (511); mns 1 (17); and, others 152 (170).
the first indication of a possible rapprochement between the bjp and sena came almost immediately after the results.
maharashtras senior bjp minister chandrakant patil said, the bjp and shiv sena should come together.
the shiv sena took comfort from the fact that it had expanded its footprint in the maharashtrian-dominated belts and had increased its overall tally.
but the advantage was clearly with the bjp.
chief minister fadnavis, who had made transparency in civic governance his partys main poll plank, said: mumbaikars have voted for prime minister narendra modis transparency agenda.
this is our victory.
we sought votes on transparency and people came out in support.
the verdict is a telling comment that people across maharashtra have given huge support to the policies of modiji.
our entire campaign was for development which people, both in urban and rural maharashtra, have supported, he said.
i have always maintained that politics cannot be for power and money making.
if it is driven on the development plank and for people, we dont have to worry about results.
it was team work.
his government has been pushing reform and social welfare measures, including the jalyukt shivar abhiyan which has helped 11,500 villages in becoming drought-free.
infrastructure projects have been another focus area and formed part of the poll campaign.
fadnavis also did not give in to pressure for waiving farm loans, focusing instead on long-term agriculture reforms for sustainable livelihood and development in rural areas.
the congress has claimed that the bjp-led government gave 230 acres of land in nagpur at a throwaway price to patanjali ayurved ltd, and filed a public interest litigation (pil) in the matter.
(file photo) the congress has claimed that the bjp-led government gave 230 acres of land in nagpur at a throwaway price to patanjali ayurved ltd, and filed a public interest litigation (pil) in the matter.
(file photo)alleging that the government giving land to the patanjali group in the multi-modal international cargo hub and airport at nagpur (mihan) was a multi-crore land scam, the mumbai unit of the congress has demanded that the allotment be scrapped.
the congress has claimed that the bjp-led government gave 230 acres of land in nagpur at a throwaway price to patanjali ayurved ltd, and filed a public interest litigation (pil) in the matter.
the party has alleged that the deal caused a loss of rs 400 crore to the state exchequer.
it is not just 230 acres of land.
patanjalis website says it is likely to get 600 acres of land in all for the food park, said sanjay nirupam, president of the congress city unit, adding that the land originally fell under the special economic zone of mihan.
so, the cost of the land is rs 1 crore, but it was given to patanjali at rs 25 lakh per acre.
the entire process of transferring the land is very suspicious and is a big multi-crore land scam.
e-tendering was carried out and false tenders were submitted twice.
prior to the tendering, the state had already given the land-related information and price to patanjali, alleged nirupam, who is a petitioner in the pil filed in bombay high court.
he further said that the maharashtra airport development company (madc) headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis went ahead with the deal despite objections raised by a board member.
the bjp, which talks of transparency, transferred the board member immediately after the land allotment decision, nirupam said.
the land for mihan has been reserved as forest land and no development activities can be permitted on it, he added.
the land is supposed to be used for engineering and aeronautical industries, but has been given to the food park.
no permission from the union government has been taken, which is in violation of the forest act, nirupam said.
b'special trains were arranged to send the farmers back to their homes.
(express photo: prashant nadkar) special trains were arranged to send the farmers back to their homes.
(express photo: prashant nadkar)with a sea of agitating farmers swamping mumbai and pressure mounting, the bjp-led maharashtra government monday accepted almost all demands of the farmers, including their right to till forest land and extension of farm loan waiver to those who had borrowed between 2001 and 2008.
the announcement that the agitation had ended was made after a three-hour meeting of the aiks with fadnavis at vidhan bhavan, in the presence of congress leader radhakrishna vikhe-patil and ncp leaders dhananjay munde and ajit pawar.
read | farmers celebrate win: first time we have something on paperin april 2017, a few months before announcing a waiver expected to cost rs 34,000 crore, fadnavis drew flak when he said he believed that loan waivers were not a sustainable solution for agricultural distress even if they were politically expedient.
explained |new edge to agrarian distress: why demands are more than loan waiverbut on monday, there was no mention from the government about essential infrastructure for sustainable agriculture.
instead, the state government tweaked its farm loan waiver to include thousands who had been left out of its ambit owing to stringent conditions imposed earlier, extended the waiver to loans outstanding since 2008 instead of 2009, quick resolution of bottlenecks in the implementation of the forest rights act, minimum support price for farm produce as recommended by the swaminathan formula, and the nar-par and daman ganga and girnar river-linking projects to bring water to drought-prone areas in the state.
hundreds of protesting farmers from nashik arrive in thane late saturday on their the way to mumbai.
(express file photo: janak rathod) hundreds of protesting farmers from nashik arrive in thane late saturday on their the way to mumbai.
(express file photo: janak rathod)the aiks, which pointed out that the state government did not reach out to their leaders during the first five days of the march when thousands of farmers, including senior citizens and women, were walking on the highway in blazing heat, called it a historic struggle and a historic victory, made possible by the outpouring of support that farmers received from people across the country.
also read | a claim for dignity by pratap bhanu mehtaon the forest rights act, the implementation of which was a major demand of the farmers who comprised nearly 90 per cent landless tribals who till forest land, the government consented to ease all hurdles within six months, including resolution of pending appeals by farmers or gram sabhas.
a special task force will be constituted to implement the decision in a time-bound manner, the government said.
the farmers at azad maidan on monday.
(express photo by prashant nadkar) the farmers at azad maidan on monday.
(express photo by prashant nadkar)the government also extended its loan waiver scheme to tribals with debts on agricultural loans taken between 2001 and 2008.
the chhatrapati shivaji shetkari sanmaan yojna or the loan waiver announced last year was limited to farmers with debts between 2009 and 2016.
a committee was formed to expedite the process of identifying individual cases and providing relief.
read | loan waiver no solution, make farming viable: swaminathanthe government has agreed to enforce all the demands made by the aiks.
the state government will accord forest land rights to the tribals.
it will be strictly implemented within six months, fadnavis said.
among issues raised during the discussion on loan waiver was the condition that a loan in the name of the farmers wife was deemed ineligible for waiver even if the couple together had an outstanding loan less than the ceiling amount of rs 150,000.
to remove the anomaly, the government said the waiver would be for up to rs 1.
5 lakh for each family unit of husband and wife, irrespective of the land holding size.
cpm leader sitaram yechuri along with farmers gathering at azad maidan on monday.
(express photo by prashant nadkar) cpm leader sitaram yechuri along with farmers gathering at azad maidan on monday.
(express photo by prashant nadkar)high on the agenda of the protestors were recommendations of the swaminathan commission for higher remuneration.
the government said, the minimum support price was the commitment of the state government.
and the centre has already made the announcement to give one and half times more than the msp to farm produce to help farmers earn higher income.
a decision was taken to set up a full fledged state agriculture price committee to regulate the price mechanism and stop exploitation of farmers.
the protesters had also listed in their charter of demands issues related to water conservation projects.
all the 31 water conservation projects in the tribal region of north maharashtra, along with nar-par and daman ganga and girnar river-linking projects, were given consent.
the project, the government said, had already been discussed with the centre.
more than 40,000 farmers from across maharashtra covered an arduous 180-km long march to reach the capital city mumbai on sunday to stage a protest outside the state legislature against what they call the devendrafadnavis bjp governments failure to respond to prevailing farm distress.
(express photo by prashant nadkar) more than 40,000 farmers from across maharashtra covered an arduous 180-km long march to reach the capital city mumbai on sunday to stage a protest outside the state legislature against what they call the devendrafadnavis bjp governments failure to respond to prevailing farm distress.
(express photo by prashant nadkar)under the sanjay gandhi niradhar yojna, the government promised higher financial aid to tribals with serious health problems.
leaders of the aiks, who participated in the talks with the chief minister, said they insisted at the outset of the meeting that the negotiations would end successfully only if they were given assurances in writing.
we have had experiences with this government before and they were not good.
we insisted on this and so the assurances were made to us in writing, under the signature of the chief secretary of maharashtra, dr ashok dhawale, president of the aiks, said.
farmers long march moving from mulund towards mumbai.
(express photo by deepak joshi) farmers long march moving from mulund towards mumbai.
(express photo by deepak joshi)at the end of the meeting, the delegation asked that the agreement regarding the dozen demands it made be placed before the legislature to accord it some legal sanction.
a battle has been won, though the war will go on, said dhawale, adding that the aiks local units would hold the government to its promises and would act as a watchdog to ensure implementation on the ground.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday launched the two-day mumbai fintech  2018 festival in presence of dignitaries from uk and singapore amongst others.
mumbai fintech will evolve as the global leader as it takes the best from both united kingdom and singapore.
on the first day of the festival, andhra pradesh government signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with maharashtra to partner and adopt the mumbai fintech model.
maharashtra is the first state in india to come out with a comprehensive fintech policy 2018, which will change the face of economy, fadnavis said.
he said, we are not confining the applications to elite segments of the society.
we are taking forward the digital process to deliver the change in the lives of every citizen.
from entrepreneurs to marginal farmers every one should be benefitted from the innovations which are underway, he said.
fadnavis said, when we talk of fintech policies and digital process, we want to provide the best platform that would bring greater accountability and transparency in system and government.
our endeavor is to take maharashtra a trillion dollar economy by year 2025.
he said, mumbai is the home for first artificial intelligence university in the country.
similarly, mumbai fintech will be a major milestone, he added.
what is interesting to note is that the innovations and applications of the technology are not going to be confined to any specialised sector or segments.
on the contrary we have decided to scale its applications to bring the transformation at the grassroots.
it would contribute immensely in micro small and medium enterprises (msmes), public health care, education and agriculture, industries and service sectors.
the digital solutions will take maharashtra to an altogether new plan and bring prosperity.
we are always ready to embrace the new technology, he added.
earlier, crispin simon, british deputy high commissioner, said, india has innovation and uk has infrastructure.
together, uk and india can develop a strong living bridge.
sopnendu mohanty, chief fintech officer, monetary authority of singapore, emphasised on how applications of fintech should be on small and medium scale sectors, which promise sizeable job creation.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file)the state government on wednesday gave its nod to fill up over 36,000 vacant posts, to enforce reforms in the agriculture sector across rural maharashtra in order to uplift the livelihood and income of farmers.
all the crucial departments, which are related to agriculture and rural schemes, have been accorded higher priority in providing additional manpower to effectively enforce the agriculture, irrigation and rural development plans across 40,913 villages in maharashtra.
of more than 36,000 posts, rural development will be provided 11,005 staff, public health department 10,568, home department 7,111, agriculture department 2,572, animal husbandry 1,047, public works department 837, water resources 827, water conservation 423, fisheries development department 90, urban development 1,664.
in the 2018-19 budget session held in the months of march and april, chief minister devendrafadnavis had assured the state legislature assembly that 72,000 vacant posts across administrative departments in the state would be filled up in two phases.
accordingly, taking the first phase process forward, fadnavis on wednesday gave the sanction for filling up 36,000 vacant posts.
the remaining 36,000 vacancies will be filled up in the second phase early next year.
the cm has given clear directives to officials to accord highest priority to empower the agriculture and rural department by providing required manpower.
while stating the objective of taking up the mammoth exercise, fadnavis explained, through policies and reforms, we have clearly laid down the roadmap for sustainable agriculture to achieve a higher growth rate in agriculture sector.
more importantly, it is our commitment towards socio-economic empowerment of farmers across state.
the double income of farmers and livelihood mission has be to taken expeditiously with adequate administrative support across villages.
listing the ongoing projects regionwise, it was indicated that process of reforms for the farmers and rural development should not be found lagging because of inadequate manpower.
often good policies, which has received positive response and participation from rural areas, are moving at slow pace in absence of required manpower or immediate decisions.
by filling up vacancies, the additional manpower will help to tackle these problems, fadnavis said.
b'file photo: feb 2016, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with governor of maharashtra vidyasagar rao and shiv sena executive president uddhav thackeray during the maharashtra rajni program.
(express photo by prashant nadkar/file) file photo: feb 2016, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with governor of maharashtra vidyasagar rao and shiv sena executive president uddhav thackeray during the maharashtra rajni program.
(express photo by prashant nadkar/file)chief minister devendrafadnavis is set to conduct a cabinet expansion in the state on july 7 and nine ministers are likely to be inducted of which four would be from bjp, three from shiv sena and two from smaller alliance partners rashtriya samaj party and swabhimani shetkari sanghatana.
highly placed sources late monday revealed, fadnavis has decided to induct three ministers from shiv sena.
it includes one cabinet rank and two minister of state posts.
as per the formula, sena would get only two posts of mos.
but the additional cabinet rank is bjps way to mend fences with sena for being ignored in delhi, sources said.
watch: pm modi meets journalists on the eve of cabinet reshuffle: all you need to knowthe additional cabinet rank to sena is to placate the alliance partner whose demand for a cabinet rank in the modi government was not conceded.
the shiv sena was expecting a cabinet rank in the narendra modi government during the ministry expansion on tuesday.
at present it has only one cabinet minister anant geete in the modi government.
however, it was conveyed to them that they will have to accept a mos rank at centre.
the failure to push its demand upset party president uddhav thackeray which he had voiced in public.
following his outburst, senior bjp ministers held talks with sena leader.
the chief minister also conveyed that they would be rewarded with a cabinet berth and a good portfolio in maharashtra.
the sena has accepted the proposal.
at present there are 29 minister in the government.
it includes ten ministers from the sena.
the maximum strengthen of the state council of ministers cannot exceed 42.
chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday described rajashri chhatrapati shahu maharaj, who ruled the princely state of kolhapur (1874-1922), as a true visionary whose socio-economic reforms remain the guiding principles in the 21st century.
while addressing various programmes organised by the royal family in kolhapur, fadnavis said, chhatrapati shahu maharaj displayed rare vision, keeping in mind the planning which was 200 years ahead whether it was in the field of irrigation, agriculture, women education or even problems related to domestic violence.
recalling his decision to build the radhanagari dam in 1907, complete with housing colony for the workers, the chief minister said, this was a ruler who never lost sight of public welfare.
the poor, oppressed and suppressed sections were uppermost on his mind.
watch video: whats making newshe did pioneering work in promoting women education and integrating the upper and lower castes.
he never displayed any prejudice and worked for the well-being of people, said fadnavis.
shahu maharaj has shown us how to tackle drought and address the problems of unemployment, including looking after the welfare of children of farmers and agriculture labourers.
he had set up various spinning and weaving mills for generating employment.
it was backed with setting up markets, said the chief minister.
today, we often hear economists emphasising on inclusive growth.
now, this was the theory which shahu maharaj practised during his regime.
earlier, the chief minister performed the bhoomi pujan for a museum complex and inaugurated a virtual classroom at shivaji university (kolhapur).
fadnavis announced rs 15 crore for the museum.
sambhaji chhatrapati (mp), a direct descent of the royal family, had organised a series of social programmes on the occasion.
fadnavis also visited the familys royal palace, laxmi vilas.
b'rescue work in progress at the site in bhiwandi where a building collapsed sunday.
source: pradip das rescue work in progress at the site in bhiwandi where a building collapsed sunday.
source: pradip dasheavy rains wreaked havoc across maharashtra sunday.
while minor rain-related incidents were reported from across the state, a major tragedy unfolded in bhiwandi near mumbai where eight persons were reported killed and 23 others were injured in a building collapse.
a dilapidated three-storey (ground plus two) building  kabir seth chawl in shantinagar locality  collapsed around 9 am sunday.
the mumbai metropolitan region had been witnessing incessant rainfall since saturday evening.
most members of the ten families who resided in the building were trapped under the debris.
while the rescue team managed to pull out 23 people, eight lives were lost.
at the time of filing this copy, the rescue operation was still on.
officials said the national disaster response force (ndrf) was helping the local authorities in the operation.
officials with the bhiwandi nizampur municipal corporation (bnmc) may have a tough time explaining the tragedy.
it has now emerged that they were well aware about the rickety nature of the building and had even planned a demolition drive, which was postponed.
the building was supposed to be demolished on june 2, 2016.
the plan was deferred after the civic body cited lack of manpower to carry out the demolition work, said r d shinde, senior inspector at shanti nagar police station.
he added, even in the past, we have faced instances when civic authorities have cited this reason to stay demolition of dilapidated buildings.
shinde said the civic body had scheduled august 2 as the date for demolition of the buildings.
after the civic authorities informed us, we had even assigned staff for the bandobast arrangement, he said.
locals claimed that the tenanted building was constructed four decades ago, and was the oldest one to come up in the locality.
the original owner, one kabir shaikh, passed away ten years ago following which the ownership of the property was transferred to his two sons nihal and zubair who reside in the adjoining building.
as details emerged, it became clear that officials and the occupants were aware of the imminent danger to the building but did little about it.
when contacted, civic authorities defended their side claiming that the property had been served several notices over the last couple of years after being declared unfit to live in.
e ravindran, who is currently holding the charge of the civic chief of bnmc, said, several notices were served to the owners and the buildings tenants asking them to vacate the structure.
but some of them refused to move out.
police officials confirmed that while 22 families originally resided on the property, 12 families had shifted out after the eviction notices were served on them.
it appears that a dispute between the owners and the tenants had led to the delays in evacuation, ravindran said.
the role of civic officials is, however, already under the scanner.
bjps local mp kapil patil said maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis have sought a detailed report on the collapse from the thane district collector.
the cm has also reportedly assured that the state will bear the medical expenses to be incurred on the treatment of victims.
rescuers said the 23 injured had been rushed to the indira gandhi hospital in bhiwandi.
later, three were shifted to the civic hospital in thane.
thanes guardian minister eknath shinde convened an urgent meeting with the district authorities, the municipal authorities and elected representatives, where he reportedly directed officials to evolve an action plan to vacate all dilapidated buildings in the locality.
in bhiwandi alone, there are 17 such rickety structures, according to civic officials.
we will get cracking from tomorrow.
we have formed five different teams for convincing those occupying these buildings to vacate.
we will take forcible eviction action for pulling down the structure if they do not cooperate, ravindran added.
we have also issued a circular for a detailed panchnama of tenants of all buildings tagged dangerous.
it will be maintained as a record by the city town planning department.
so, whenever there is a redevelopment proposal of the dilapidated buildings, we will see that these tenants are rehabilitated, said ravindran.
meanwhile, there were complaints regarding delay in the rescue operation.
rescuers confirmed that the operation was hit due to the narrowness of the approach roads.
the ndrf teams arrival was also delayed due to diversion of traffic on account of waterlogging in thane.
several instances of waterlogging, uprooted trees, and rail disruptions were noticed throughout sunday across the mmr.
thane witnessed a high 192 mm rainfall in a matter of a few hours.
since this also coincided with the high tide timings, there was immense waterlogging on roads in the satellite town.
in mumbai, the eastern suburbs witnessed 75 mm rainfall between 8 am and 4 pm, whereas the western suburbs recorded 64 mm.
the island city was comparatively dry, recording just 15 mm rainfall.
rainwater was reported to have accumulated at 126 different sites across mumbai, and necessitated operationalisation of de-watering pumps.
the mumbai disaster management cell, however, claimed to have received only 15 complaints of waterlogging in all.
five incidents of minor collapses of house portions were recorded in mumbai.
while no fatalities were reported in these, two persons sustained injuries in one of the incidents.
the parched districts of latur and osmanabad in marathwada also witnessed heavy rainfall sunday.
these are the names of the people who lost their lives:1.
shahajahan khurshid aalam ansari  (f) age 42 years2.
aayesha mobin ansari (f) 38 years3.
muddashir khurshid aalam ansari (m) 20 years4.
saif khurshid aalam ansari (m) 17 years5.
khalid khurshid aalam ansari (m) 15 years6.
shakib khurshid aalam ansari ( m ) 11 years7.
suphiya shahnavaz shah (f) 19 yrs8.
chief minister devendrafadnavis chief minister devendra fadnavisit was just last week when ncp chief and veteran leader sharad pawar made a sarcastic remark targeting chief minister devendrafadnavis , saying, someone who does not understand mumbai and maharashtra is asking people to repose faith in his words.
he is not the only one.
mns president raj thackeray used to often dismiss fadnavis as a nagpurian with little understanding of mumbai.
his cousin and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray too tore into fadnavis after the snapping of the pre-poll alliance.
then there were in-house critics within the bjp who would find faults with the young cm arguing that he might be a nice man but does not understand the complex politics of maharashtra.
another challenger earlier was pankaja munde who every three months used to declare that she too was in the chief ministerial race.
there were plenty of critics too after the way fadnavis handled the issue of karan johars movie starring artistes from pakistan.
on thursday, as the verdict for the state civic polls, which were seen as a mini vidhan sabha campaign, came in and the bjp dominated the show across urban and semi-urban areas while achieving a breakthrough in the hinterland too, the man who was seen as lacking a mass political base and lacking political skills silenced his critics.
on october 31, 2014, when he took the reins of the maharshtra government as the cm, fandavis had promised to take the state ahead through hard work and development.
working 18 to 20 hours a day, which calls for meticulous time management, fadnavis set in motion major socio-economic reforms which appears to have yielded results in both urban and rural maharashtra.
these include the jalyukta shivar abhiyan that has helped 11,500 villages become drought-free out of 25,000 villages besides pushing for digital transformation in tribal malnourished melghat.
on the infrastructure front, the government worked out infrastructure projects for rs 1.
06 lakh crore of the rs 10 lakh crore projects planned across a dozen cities in the state.
the list of the policies and projects were the highlight of his campaign.
he also did not buckle under pressure to grant a loan waiver to farmers opting rather to focus on long term agriculture reforms, which he reckons would ensure sustainable livelihood and development in the rural areas.
all that may have helped the bjp to move to pole position in both urban and rural maharashtra.
the party has done well not just in mumbai but also in the congress-ncp dominated western maharashtra and marathwada in not just the urban civic polls but also in the zilla parishads.
the core team of the bjp, which was roped in to evolve new poll strategy and campaign, took a decision to project fadnavis as the face of the party in maharashtra.
now, in the last two elections, fadnavis was their star campaigner.
however, what set this elections apart was the projection of fadnavis to effectively highlight the five policy reforms that has been taken by the government in the last two years.
the entire campaign showing the emergence of a young man making an ardent appeal to the mumbaikars to repose faith in his work appears to have worked.
there was also the use of a three-dimensional hologram of the cm through a mobile app to reach a wider audience on the lines of narendra modis gujarat assembly campaign of 2012.
it was a political bet which worked.
bjp strategist shrikant bharatiya says, the development vision of fadnavis coupled with his integrity and clean character helped in taking the bjp to the masses.
the party believes fadnaviss projection was an outcome of growing demand within the organisation for his leadership.
a senior rss functionary said, on april 11, 2013, when fandavis became the maharashtra bjp president, it was evident that he would become the next chief minister.
his potential was always known to the core team of the bjp and the rss.
fadnavis, who completed 25 years of his political career wednesday, said, i have always maintained that politics cannot be for power and money making.
if it is driven on development plank and people, we dont have to worry about the results.
he, however, dismissed his solo performance.
it was a team work, he said.
on april 24, chief minister devendrafadnavis had declared that the centre had agreed to relax conditions for the redevelopment of coastal slums in mumbai.
(file photo) on april 24, chief minister devendrafadnavis had declared that the centre had agreed to relax conditions for the redevelopment of coastal slums in mumbai.
(file photo)the bjp governments plan to relax coastal regulation zone (crz) norms to facilitate redevelopment of slums along the citys coast, and to permit land reclamation for commercial purposes, has come under attack.
the fishermen community is strongly opposed to the proposal and has threatened to hit the streets in protest if the government goes ahead with it.
on april 24, chief minister devendrafadnavis had declared that the centre had agreed to relax conditions for the redevelopment of coastal slums in mumbai, following his meeting with nripendra mishra, principal secretary to the prime minister.
fearing that this would mean construction along the citys coastline picking up pace, the maharashtra machhimaar kruti samiti (mmks), a body representing fishermen in maharashtra, has written to the pmo, union environment minister anil dave, and fadnavis, asking them to not implement any measure without consulting the fishermen community.
rambhau patil, chairperson, mmks, said, the easing of crz norms for construction will destroy our coast and its natural resources, including marine fish resources.
patil added, the small-scale fishing community is the largest primary stakeholder of coastal zone management activity.
we have demanded that there should be no change in the prevalent crz norms without holding consultations with the community.
the leader also had a word of caution for the government.
in 2008, the government (the upa regime) had unilaterally tried to replace the crz notification.
they were forced to later rescind the measure following countrywide protests by the community, patil said.
the outfit has also protested reported plans to ease norms permitting land reclamation for commercial activity.
the national fishworkers forum, an apex body for fishermen, has already raised objections in this regard with the government.
in mumbai, there are over 80 large and 300 small slum pockets on the coast between cuffe parade and dahisar.
while the upa regime had originally relaxed crz norms in january 2011 to permit the redevelopment of this land, it had proposed a public private partnership model for this.
the condition imposed was that the state would have to compulsorily partner with builders for such redevelopments, and retain a 51 per cent stake in all such projects.
the idea was to limit construction of saleable houses to minimise damage to the coastline, while boosting the creation of affordable houses.
but contending that the government hadnt received a single redevelopment proposal under the model in the past six years, fadnavis had urged the centre to relax the 51 per cent norm, which was agreed to.
while the cm has said that a new model for redevelopment is being worked out, the fishermen community is already fearing the worst.
it seems to us that their plan is to unlock these lands for private redevelopment, said dashrath mangela, chairman, juhu moragaon machhimaar vividh karyakari society.
we have been fighting for over two decades for permission to transform our koliwada in juhu into a well-equipped fishermen colony with minimal fsi.
but the government has kept denying us the permission, citing crz rules.
it is shocking then that the same government deems it necessary to ease norms and permit high-rise activity along the coastline, mangela said.
the government has already made a mockery of crz norms by going soft on violators due to lack of political will.
dilution of norms will compound the situation further, he added.
mumbai has around 38 koliwadas, or fishing villages, inhabited by around 50,000 people.
alleging that non-demarcation of koliwadas on the draft coastal zone management plans (czmp) was a deliberate measure to obliterate them, the mmks has demanded that all koliwadas be urgently mapped and demarcated as crz-iii, which would pave the way for their makeover into new-age fishing colonies.
the blessings of 11.
2 crore people of maharashtra is my shield.
dont worry.
nothing will happen to me, he said, also invoking goddess bhavani and pandharpur deity vithal.
soon after the landing, prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah spoke to fadnavis about his well-being.
speaking to the indian express, the cm said, the helicopter took off as usual.
but shortly after, one could sense it was being pulled downwards.
yes, a major accident was averted and given the constraints and difficult terrain, the pilot tried his best.
as a result, it turned into a small accident.
saying it would be premature to talk about the reasons, he said, it was evident that a major accident was averted.
my team members add i are fine.
incidentally, twice earlier in the day, he had been warned by villagers to watch out for tree branches that could fall on him.
in halgara before and after his interaction with villagers, locals warned him against standing under trees with overhanging branches.
the cm told those gathered their blessings were with him and he felt protected.
when i am amidst you i have nothing to worry.
your well wishes work as my shield, he said.
at the time of the emergency landing, fadnaviss wife amruta and daughter divija were at home in mumbai.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (source: pti) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (source: pti)maharashtra government is planning to set up industrial facilities exclusively for defence equipment production in the state.
the government has identified land for setting up two such facilities, one at jejuri near pune and another in ahmednagar district, a source in the state industries department told pti.
some of the companies interested in entering the area have demanded land for testing explosives and other defence related equipment, in places like hilly terrain and sites away from human habitat.
that is why the government intends to set up complexes exclusively for defence equipment production, he said.
some leading maharashtra-based private companies have shown interest in venturing into defence equipment production.
the state government had last week said that it would set up a fund of rs 1,000 crore for helping manufacturers in the defence sector.
the government had also said that it expects an investment of usd 5 billion in this area in the state.
the states draft defence and aerospace policy is expected to be approved soon by the centre, the source said.
maharashtra government has studied the policies of the centre and states like telangana before finalising its own.
the state government wants that its policy is in sync with that of the centre, he said.
the opposition monday said in the legislative assembly that the state government should hold maharashtra assembly elections using ballot papers instead of evms. congress-ncp leaders also raised allegations of corruption.
advertisingthe ncp leader in the assembly, jayant patil, who initiated the discussion in the last week of the monsoon session, said, i throw an open challenge to the government to hold assembly elections with ballot papers instead of evms.the ruling and opposition parties can unanimously adopt a resolution in the assembly recommending the use of ballot papers instead of evms. the government can propose the state legislatures decision to the election commission.
while accusing the government of misusing its power to extend favors to developers who violated norms, patil alleged, housing minister prakash mehta, who was involved in corruption, was let off without any punishment.
he was just dropped from the cabinet.
the process of filing the fir against the minister and official who committed the crime in the housing project was not carried out.
advertisinghe claimed there were irregularities committed by developers in slum redevelopment projects in mumbai and pune.
this was not possible without the political patronage of the government, he alleged.
claiming violation of norms in a project under the urban development department, which comes under chief minister devendrafadnavis , patil said, a project in meera-bhayander was allowed violating crz norms to help bjp leader narendra mehta.
we would like to know who was his partner.
the project, which was proposed as a hotel along a highway, turned out to be a club in the mangrove area, which was a gross violation of the norms.
the project was sanctioned by the chief minister.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavischief minister devendrafadnavis convened a dinner meet at his official malabar hills residence with all bjp ministers where he tried to send out a message that the latter should get back to work in their respective departments and not do anything that could be detrimental to the government or the party.
in the backdrop of the developments that led to the resignation of senior minister eknath khadse, the chief minister explained the challenges and responsibilities for the government.
there was emphasis on strict adherence to the code of conduct to ensure smooth functioning of the administration, said a bjp leader present at the meeting.
speaking to the indian express, a senior cabinet minister said, the objective of the meeting was to let all the leaders have a heart-to-heart talk with each other in the wake of the developments in the cabinet.
it was aimed to dispel misunderstandings or fears among others, if any.
to drive home the point that khadse was not being victimised, it was emphasised how clean chit was issued to him on two controversial charges.
while the anti-corruption bureau gave a clean chit to khadses personal assistant gajanan patil who was accused of seeking bribe, the mumbai police commissioner issued a clean chit next day on the alleged call received on his mobile phone from fugitive don dawood ibrahim.
urging the ministers to exercise utmost caution while conducting their administrative duties and making statements in public, a senior bjp functionary said at the meeting, the bjp government will have to work towards refurbishing its public image.
senior leaders said fadnavis was chosen for his clean image, but issuing clean chits to ministers making mistakes would not augur well for the government, the party, or his own image.
the meeting assumes significance as there is speculation that khadses resignation may lead to factionalism within the bjp and the government.
political observers were saying the resignation of khadse, who represents the other backward caste (obc), would lead to polarisation on caste lines in the bjp, though party functionaries have dismissed the argument as baseless.
a party member who was present at the meeting said, in a cadre-based party, there is always a mechanism for firefighting.
we have more than a dozen obc leaders in the party across regions.
in the state cabinet, there are only two upper caste ministers (devendra fadnavis and girish bapat).
b'farmers long march moving from mulund towards mumbai.
(express photo by deepak joshi) farmers long march moving from mulund towards mumbai.
(express photo by deepak joshi)with a sea of protesting farmers swamping mumbai and political pressure mounting, the bjp-led maharashtra government monday accepted the demands of the farmers, including their right to till forest land.
emerging from a three-hour meeting with representatives of the all india kisan sabha (aiks) at vidhan bhawan  radhakrishna vikhe-patil of the congress and ncps dhananjay munde and ajit pawar were also present at the meeting  chief minister devendrafadnavis said: the government has agreed to enforce all demands made by the aiks.
the state government will accord forest land rights to tribals.
it is a legitimate demand of the tribals which will be strictly implemented within six months.
the 12-member aiks delegation expressed satisfaction and called off the protest.
we expect the government to implement all promises made in a time-bound manner, the delegation said.
this signalled a major victory for the farmers who had marched 180 km from nashik to mumbai over six days to press their demands.
the major demands conceded include the tribals right to forest land, loan waiver since 2008, minimum support price for farm produce, the narpar-daman ganga river linking project, 31 water conservation projects among others.
the government has agreed to implement the right to forest land to tribals within six months.
a special task force will be constituted to implement the decision in a time-bound manner.
it will apply to all tribals who have been dwelling in the forest areas up to year 2005.
another important decision taken was to waive loans of tribals with agriculture debt between 2001 and 2008.
the chhatrapati shivaji shetkari sanmaan yojna loan waiver, announced by the government earlier, was for farmers with debts from 2009 to 2016.
at the meeting, it was pointed out that officials, while giving priority to a crop loan taken by a farmers wife, would often ignore the crop loan debt of the husband.
to remove the anomaly, the government reaffirmed that loan waiver will be given up to rs 1.
5 lakh for the family unit of husband and wife, irrespective of land holding size.
explained |new edge to agrarian distress: why demands are more than loan waivercpm leader sitaram techuri along with farmers gathering at azad maidan on monday.
(express photo by prashant nadkar) cpm leader sitaram techuri along with farmers gathering at azad maidan on monday.
(express photo by prashant nadkar)high on the agenda of the protesters was the recommendation of the swaminathan commission report to help farmers earn higher remuneration.
at the meeting, the government said, the minimum support price was the commitment of the state government.
and the centre has already made the announcement to give one and half times more than the msp on farm produce to help farmers earn higher income.
it was also decided to set up a full-fledged state agriculture price committee to regulate price mechanism and stop exploitation of farmers.
to help farmers (tribals) fetch higher rates on milk sale, the government has made the 70:30 ratio mandatory  in short, higher remuneration for dairy farmers.
read | sea of farmers in mumbai, heres what they saythe farmers gathering at azad maidan on monday.
(express photo by prashant nadkar) the farmers gathering at azad maidan on monday.
(express photo by prashant nadkar)earlier in the day, fadnavis, who was under intense pressure to concede the demands of farmers, had said his government was sensitive and positive towards their issues.
around 90 to 95 per cent of the participants are poor tribals.
they are fighting for forest land rights.
they are landless and cant do farming.
the government is sensitive and positive towards their demands, he told the state assembly during a discussion on the long march of agriculturists.
the farmers prepared to return home.
a three-day conclave will be organised by obesity surgery society of india (ossi) under the aegis of international federation for the surgery of obesity and metabolic disorders (ifso) from april 21-23 in goa.
obesity, in the last decade, has seen a widespread prevalence with at least 80 million people suffering from this problem.
another 25 million have severe obesity, dr jayashreetodkar, orgainsing secretary of ifso-asia pacific conclave (apc) 2017 told mediapersons on friday.
the theme of the conference is diabesity (diabetics and obesity).
diabesity is the term coined by the world health orginisation (who) due to the closest association between obesity and diabetes.
the three-day conclave will be inaugurated on april 21 by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and goa cm manohar parrikar.
the conference will also see participation of globally renowned surgeons and diabesity related practitioners and delegates from 18 countries.
maharashtra is the only state to announce obesity as a disease and has set up a task force to create awareness among people, todkar said.
the key objective of the conference is to set a benchmark in the field of diabesity, which is one of the most worrisome challenges of healthcare.
the three-day conclave will focus on knowledge sharing sessions.
the scientific programme will include post-graduate courses, surgical workshop, oral and poster presentations and hands on lab integrated health sessions.
special sessions will also be held on basics of bariatric  anaesthesiologists and endoscopists.
plenary session with top 10 research papers in the field will also be presented during the course of the conclave.
special stress will be given on asian perspective of obesity with special focus on metabolic treatment, special innovations and techniques in the field.
the plan to revamp asias largest slum, dharavi, appears to have run into complications.
a senior official of the dharavi redevelopment authority (dra) said the plan is being reconsidered as the state government had in march purchased 45 acres of land to add to the project.
meanwhile, the consortium that inked an mou with the government for the project is now threatening legal action over the delay in receiving the contract.
advertisingthere were only two bidders for the global tender when it opened in february  the adani group and the dubai-based seclink group.
seclink group become a frontrunner, quoting rs 7,000 crore before signing the memorandum of understanding (mou).
two months later, seclink has sent a legal notice over the delay in receiving a letter of acceptance.
fadnavis said he had not received any legal notice.
he further said a decision could be taken only after factoring in the additional 45 acres of land.
advertisinga member of seclink said the matter of the railways land had been discussed in the pre-bid meeting conference, and that seclink had given a letter stating that it would bear the cost for whatever land the government purchased.
he also said seclink would not participate if the government plans to scrap the tender and float it again.
we will mount a legal battle, said the seclink member, speaking on condition of anonymity.
another consortium member said nearly rs 28,000 crore is needed to complete the dharavi redevelopment project.
currently, real estate in the city is not in good condition but still we managed to get rs 7,000 crore to sign the mou.
yet, the government is not awarding the contract.
that shows what kind of image our country is showing to the world.
home to over 60,000 families, dharavi stands on prime land in the heart of mumbai, barely a stones throw from indias richest business district, the bandra kurla complex.
dharavis revamp  first planned in 2004  has been on the agenda of every political party.
the maharashtra cabinet had in october 2018 cleared a new makeover plan which, at an estimated cost of rs 28,000 crore, will be the countrys biggest slum resettlement project.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday visited police personnel injured in the gadchiroli naxal attack, at a private hospital here.
around 18 policemen from c-60, maharashtras special anti-naxal force are undergoing treatment at the facility after they were injured in a landmine blast, suspected to have been laid by naxalites, on wednesday evening.
fadnavis, accompanied by guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule, special inspector general (anti-naxal operations), sharad shelar and nagpur police commissioner k venkatesham, met these jawans in the hospital around 11.
30 am on friday and enquired about their health.
the cm also spoke with doctors attending on these jawans, a press release from the district information office (dio) said.
according to police, the landmine went off when 20 c-60 commandos were carrying out a combing operation in an armoured vehicle near bhamragad tehsil, killing one personnel and injuring over a dozen others.
swabhimani shetkari sanghatana chief raju shetti addresses a gathering of 20,000 farmers at rani baug.
(photo by amit chakravarty) swabhimani shetkari sanghatana chief raju shetti addresses a gathering of 20,000 farmers at rani baug.
(photo by amit chakravarty)raju shetti, president of the swabhimani shetkari sanghatana (sss), tuesday ended his atmaklesh yatra (journey of repentance)  a statewide campaign against the bjp-led combines anti-farmer policies  with a threat to stop the supply of milk and vegetables to major cities in the state, including mumbai and pune, if farmers demands were not fulfilled within 30 days.
shetti was in mumbai after leading a nine-day padyatra from pune to the state capital, after having broken ranks from the government.
his party was an important ally of the bjp-sena, helping swing the agrarian vote.
shetti has given the government a 30-day ultimatum to fulfil the demands of farmers, including farm loan waiver and better minimum support prices (msp) for farm produce.
the final day of the yatra saw the congregation of a few thousands travel from parel to byculla zoo, where the leader addressed a huge crowd of around 20,000 farmers.
following this, a 30-member core committee led by shetti met maharashtra governor ch vidyasagar rao and submitted to him 6.
5 lakh forms signed by farmers across the state along with a charter of demands.
we have decided to give a 30-day ultimatum to the state government to fulfil our demands or face the wrath of farmers.
we will cut the supply of milk and vegetables across the state as a protest, shetti said.
hitting out at chief minister devendrafadnavis , shetti said, we have come walking all the way from pune.
during the nine-day-long march, none of the ministers of this government visited us.
we are no criminals.
we walked for the cause of farmers.
they should be ashamed to mete out such treatment to us.
i am not hungry for power, let my farmer brothers decide and i shall resign.
other demands include free power supply to agricultural pumps, interest-free loans and implementation of the swaminathan committees recommendations.
shetti added, farmers have not been getting good prices and are burdened by debt, leading to farmer suicides.
farmers in maharashtra have faced two consecutive droughts and the recent unseasonal showers have damaged yield in parts of marathwada.
maharashtra has reported 852 farmers suicides in the four months between january and april this year, according to government data.
meanwhile, shettis party colleague and minister of state for agriculture sadabhau khot worked to hold discussions with various farmer organisations to assure them that the government was keen to resolve the agrarian crisis.
shetti has openly expressed his displeasure with khot for appearing to tie the government line.
on tuesday when shetti was concluding his nine-day walk, khot met key farmer leaders to discuss the governments stand on the farmers issues.
khot met jayajirao suryavanshi of annadaata shetkari sanghatana, other farmer leaders dhananjay jadhav, anil ghanvat, sushila morale, suhas vahadane, vijay kakade, sanjat darekar, yogesh rayte, sandeep gite and dr. rajendra pipaada at puntamba, a market town in ahmednagar district.
khot said, i am a farmers son.
i am working in the government as a farmers representative.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has been continuously following up the issue of farmers with the centre.
there will be a positive decision in the matter soon.
while political resolution talked about the rs 49,248 crore comprehensive plan for backward region of marathwada, agriculture resolution talked about sustainable farming.
while political resolution talked about the rs 49,248 crore comprehensive plan for backward region of marathwada, agriculture resolution talked about sustainable farming.
the bjp, in its state conclave on thursday, centred its political and agriculture resolution talks on development and the drought mitigation policy measures taken by the state government in the last 21 months.
referring to the flagship jalyukta shivar abhiyan, it said, till now, 4,000 villages have become drought-free in less than two years.
by december, 2,000 more villages will become drought-free.
while political resolution talked about the rs 49,248 crore comprehensive plan for backward region of marathwada, agriculture resolution talked about sustainable farming.
the biggest challenge is to ensure power supply during the day in a bid to facilitate better farming activities and easing the hardships of the farmers.
the state governments initiative to get centres help to expedite irrigation projects worth rs 30,000 crore was also discussed.
meanwhile, union minister for road transport and highways and shipping nitin gadkari thursday fired a barb at the congress and the ncp by saying that the two parties only seemed to the problems of caste after losing power in the state.
although he did not mention anybodys name, the sarcasm was meant for the maratha leaders of the congress and the ncp who are now evoking the caste issue through maratha rallies.
addressing the concluding session of the state bjp conclave, gadkari said, the bjp governments poor-centric welfare schemes would soon usher development and there would be no need for any reservation.
maharashtra education and cultural affairs minister vinod tawde.
maharashtra education and cultural affairs minister vinod tawde.
maharashtra government has collected 70 pieces of legal evidence to support its stand in the bombay high court that maratha community needed reservation, state education minister vinod tawde said wednesday.
in order to put up our stand strongly before the high court on maratha reservation issue, we have collected all legal evidence.
we are ready to put up our case before the high court.
the hearing would start on october 13, tawde said.
watch what else is making news:he was addressing the reporters here after a meeting of maratha arakshan samiti, also attended by chief minister devendrafadnavis , co-operation minister chandrakant patil, pwd minister eknath shinde, leader of opposition in the legislative assembly radhakrishna vikhe-patil, ncp leader ajit pawar, legal experts and principal secretaries of various departments.
during the hearing, the government will submit 70 pieces of evidence to the court on why reservation for marathas is necessary, how they have remained largely backward and their financial condition is not good, he said.
he also said fadnavis today took a review of the evidence to be submitted and the way in which lawyers would present the governments case.
as per the minister, senior lawyer harish salve has agreed to represent the government.
the failure of international competitive bidders to come forward for the project has the government worried.
the failure of international competitive bidders to come forward for the project has the government worried.
the state government is roping in a new developer consortium for the five sectors of the rs 25,000-crore dharavi redevelopment project.
the government is also considering the possibility of breaking the five sectors into smaller units to attract bidders.
however, the housing department has ruled out the possibility of giving more incentives to developers.
the project team of housing and urban planners is looking at multiple, low-cost economically viable models to transform dharavi with a human face, despite apprehensions of a sluggish real estate sector and high risks which are being cited by international developers to seek higher concessions from the government.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed the project team to explore various models before the meeting to be held next week.
the failure of international competitive bidders to come forward for the project has the government worried.
over the last eight months, the state government went out of its way to attract investors and developers.
apart from the 33 per cent transfer of development right (tdr) outside dharavi to make the project commercially viable, the government has relaxed the base payment premium to be deposited to the government.
the eligibility criteria of the housing township and infrastructure development was also diluted.
fadnavis said a pragmatic approach to ensure financial feasibility and provide better living standards to slum dwellers in dharavi is the highest priority, glitches which have delayed the project have been identified.
the government has said the long term housing and slum redevelopment policy will give developers assured returns on the commercial component of the project, making it profitable.
official records show there are 60,000 families in dharavi, but unofficially, the number could be higher by as much as 10-15,000.
the total housing stock to be created is estimated to be 1.
10 lakh.
debashish chakraborty, senior officer in-charge of the dharavi project, said, we are working on various models which would give impetus to the redevelopment project.
the entire state government team of officers in the slum redevelopment authority is committed to the development of dharavi.
the cause remains undiluted.
we are looking at other alternatives after the international competitive bidding process failed.
he added, the redevelopment of dharavi will bring all the standards prescribed in the urban planning proposals which have been approved by the state government.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)praising the surgical strike carried out by the army across the loc, chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday said he felt proud to be an indian and the world had seen the strength of india.
congratulating the armed forces on a successful operation, he said the country should also act against bad influences.
speaking at mazagaon docks at the millennium anniversary of the coronation of emperor rajendra chola, who maintained a powerful navy, fadnavis said: aaj humari sena aur pradhan mantri ne desh aur duniya ko bata diya ki sava sau crore ka yeh bharat desh ahinsa ka toh pujari hai lekin kamzor nahi hai (today our army and the prime minister have shown the nation and the world that india, a country with a 125-crore population, is a believer of non-violence, but isnt weak).
watch video: indias surgical strike: beyond what the govt saidas an indian, i feel extremely proud of the way our army got into pakistan and decimated the terrorist camps, fadnavis said.
lauding prime minister narendra modi, fadnavis said the pm has proved to the world that india can go beyond words.
we will not stop at words.
if necessary, we can squash bad influences with our might.
i believe that the world has learnt of our strength and today should be a day of pride for all of us, he said.
at the event, governor of maharashtra dr ch vidya sagar rao and fadnavis also presented a portrait of emperor rajendra chola i to the chairman of the millennium celebration committee, tarun vijay, and managing director of the mazagaon docks ship builder rear admiral (retd) rahul kumar shrawat.
rajendra chola i ascended to the throne a millennium ago, in 1014 ce.
exactly 35 years ago, the un passed a resolution declaring the indian ocean a peace-zone, the waters of which chola had a great command over.
watch video: night after surgical strikes: pm narendra modi to review situationit was exactly 1,000 years ago that indias engagement with south-east asia was strengthened by chola and his enthronement.
he built strong ships, crossed the seas using ancient maritime knowledge and united trading, said union defence minister manohar parrikar in a statement.
raj thackeray thanks armymns chief raj thackeray spoke to prime minister narendra modi and thanked him and the indian army for carrying out the surgical strike across the loc.
prime minister narendra modi and the indian jawans have undertaken the shraddh (last rites) of pakistan during pitru paksh (a period in the hindu calendar).
i congratulate the pm, the defense minister and our jawans, thackeray said.
b'maratha rally.
(representational pti photo) maratha rally.
(representational pti photo)the form and content of the maratha agitation sparked off by the rape and murder of a 14-year old school girl in kopardi village in ahmednagar district of maharashtra, notorious for its record of caste atrocities, has stunned observers.
the form of muk morcha (silent rally) adopted by the protesters is novel and puzzling since the community is not known for such patience, individually or collectively.
the content is confusing since all the culprits were arrested within a week of the crime and the chief minister himself promised that they would be hanged to death.
the original demand  justice to the victim  has been overshadowed by the plea to introduce reservations for the maratha community and repeal of the sc and the st (prevention of atrocities) act.
the call for capital punishment to the culprits of the kopardi incident  they belong to a dalit caste  was supported by all, including the dalits.
but the protests took a distinct caste turn after it was raised in the state assembly by ncp leaders, radhakrishna vikhe-patil and ajit pawar.
a massive muk morcha on august 1 demanded reservations for marathas and the repeal of the sc and the st (prevention of atrocities) act.
ncp bigwigs including party supremo sharad pawar supported the morcha.
a spate of similar morchas, over 40 so far, have since taken place all over maharashtra.
some of the ncp leaders have accepted that they provided logistic support to the rallies.
these morchas have no face or clear leadership.
the spokespersons are like school girls.
established politicians have been scrupulously kept out.
the marathas, who account for a third of electorate, are divided into three classes.
the top layer is made of the wealthy marathas who control the cooperative sector, run businesses, and hold political power.
they are called gadhivarcha (fort-dwelling) marathas.
the ncp is their party.
the second layer comprises rich landlords, who control small cooperatives and institutions of local self government.
they are described as wadyavarcha (mansion-dwelling) marathas.
they support the congress and the bjp.
the third section, the vadivarcha (the commoner) marathas, is facing the brunt of the mounting agrarian crisis.
they support parties like the shiv sena, mns and other such lumpen outfits.
none of these parties could inspire the marathas masses in such large numbers and incur the electoral risk of identifying openly with the demands raised by the agitators.
however, each party imagines that it could partake of the gains of this mobilisation.
the demand for maratha reservation is not a new one.
similar demands have been raised by the gujjars, jats, and patidars, their counterparts in other states.
the marathas are the kunabis (tillers) of maharashtra, but would not identify themselves as so when the kunabis were classed as obc by the mandal commission.
instead, the marathas have claimed kshatriya-hood for themselves.
history apart, are these demands feasible?
the political class, including chief minister devendrafadnavis , who appears to be the target of the ncp, has supported the claims, notwithstanding the failure of earlier attempts to secure them.
the maratha community, which has complete dominance over the politics and economics of the state, can never establish through constitutional means that it is socially and educationally backward and establish the claim for obc reservation.
if the political class manages the inclusion through fraudulent means, the existing obcs are likely to oppose it and the courts will stall it.
the second demand  the claim to repeal the sc and the st (prevention of atrocities) act has now changed to modification of the act  is directed against the dalits.
the basis of the demand that convictions are few  the rate of conviction is as low as six per cent  only indicates the dominance of the dominant castes over the state apparatus, which works to ensure that cases booked under the act fail at every node of the justice delivery system.
moreover, it is a national act and cannot be tinkered under false pretexts.
though both the demands are unlikely to be fulfilled, the consciousness of victimhood among the marathas achieved by the morchas is going to serve the interests of the political parties.
the maratha youth must realise that their own leaders have been responsible for their current plight.
the current mobilisations are unlikely to alleviate their misery.
chief minister devendrafadnavis and other ministers at the customary tea party on the eve of the assembly session, in mumbai on sunday.
ganesh shirsekar chief minister devendrafadnavis and other ministers at the customary tea party on the eve of the assembly session, in mumbai on sunday.
ganesh shirsekarwith the bjp ruling out any confrontation with the shiv sena for positions of power in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), the state budget session seems set to go smooth for the treasury benches.
after the bjps move, the congress and the ncp will not be able to use the rift between the ruling allies to corner chief minister devendrafadnavis , and instead of political issues, the session is likely to focus on the economic problems facing maharashtra.
the budget session will begin from monday and conclude on april 7.
the state budget will be presented on march 18.
a highly placed source in the finance ministry said, taking maharashtra to a double-digit growth figure in the shadow of the past four years drought, coupled with tapping private-public partnership to take mega-projects to their logical end, is the real concern for the state government, which is reeling under a debt of rs 3.
50 lakh crore.
fadnaviss position in this session is stronger than ever before, having led the party to spectacular wins in local body polls across the state.
with the sena tamed after the bmc overture, the cm faces no serious opposition within or outside the party.
a bjp functionary said, the partys electoral success under fadnavis has consolidated his position both in the government and party.
the budget session will see greater coordination among bjp members.
the sena, which had constantly criticised its alliance partner over the past months, is not left with much to complain about.
our battle with the bjp was for the bmc.
they have left all key posts in our favour.
why should we complain?
any attempt to make common cause with congress-ncp now would send a poor signal to the public.
therefore, the sena has decided not to indulge in pin-pricks against fadnavis.
we will leave it to our elected members to raise issues of public concern through debates.
the opposition too is casting about for issues to raise against the government, after demonetisation and the non-waiving of crop loans proved ineffective during the elections.
the factionalism within the parties had added to their problems, with successive sessions witnessing lack of floor coordination between the two opposition parties.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)the maharashtra government is going to make procurement of farm produce at less than minimum support price by traders a punishable offence.
chief minister devendrafadnavis took the decision on wednesday at a meeting convened to frame policies for cluster farming and double income for farmers.
emphasising the need to check exploitation of farmers by traders taking advantage of volatile market conditions, fadnavis directed the officials of key departments to work out a draft proposal.
fadnavis said, procurement of farmers produce below the minimum support price should be treated as a serious offence and punishable.
highlighting the concerns of farmers who are often exploited by traders when there is a surplus production, he said, we have to work towards a better mechanism and plug the gaps.
when there is surplus production, prices crash and farmers have to sell at throwaway prices.
but shortly after a certain period when the farmers have given away their crops, the prices shoot up.
the manipulations in the market because of uncertainty in farm production and climatic insecurities often lead to greater hardships for farmers.
the objective of the group farming policy is to make agriculture economically feasible for small and marginal farmers with land holding up to 2 hectares or less.
the model entails a group of 20 farmers joining hands with 100 hectares of land and working jointly.
the state government would provide all incentives and support in terms of crop pattern, scientific farm practices for better water management and intense cropping.
various schemes roping in services of young graduates from agriculture universities were also discussed at the meeting convened by the chief minister.
some agencies and self- help groups like pepsico and jethro gave presentations which were attended by water resources minister girish mahajan, industries minister subash desai and minister of state for agriculture sadabhau khot.
construction of road work being carried out opposite mumbai university.
kevin dsouza construction of road work being carried out opposite mumbai university.
kevin dsouzathe citys perennial road-digging problem has found a new victim, chief minister devendrafadnavis pet mumbai wifi project.
less than a month after the government rolled out the wifi project, a study carried out by the state has now identified the major glitch.
the recent survey was conducted to find the disturbances to mumbais optic fibre cables, which are also critical to the citys surveillance system and have been affected due to various road repair work.
on january 9, two days before the code of conduct was announced, fadnavis, in a series of tweets, announced mumbai wifi.
this wifi network uses the infrastructure created for the mumbai cctv surveillance project.
hence, officials said, damages done to the optic fibre cables directly affected both the networks  the cctvs and the wifi hotspots.
data reveals that more than 300 cctv camera units have been rendered defective due to various road repair work.
the study also indicates that the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) has been found to be responsible for nearly half the damages done to laid out fibre optical cables, having impaired about 129 cameras, mainly in the western suburbs.
the survey finds no other known culprit for these damages.
while mumbai wifi costs rs 194 crore and covers 510 wifi hotspots with over 2,000 access points in the first phase, the rs 959-crore cctv network is spread across 1,510 locations and is executed by a consortium led by l&t.
just three days after the launch of mumbai wifi, three rings were down in andheri, gorai and kandivli due to some repair work.
these cables are delicate in nature and expensive to repair, said a senior government official attached to the mumbai wifi project.
the wifi and the cctv networks are both operational in a ring structure format in the city.
one ring comprises either 12-15 cctv cameras or access points for the wifi system, said an official.
on the intervening night of december 31, 2016, and january 1, 2017, the mumbai police closely monitored the city and its new year celebrations through the cctv camera network.
however, around raj bhavan, the address of the states governor, the police did not rely on the technology with as many as 16 cctv cameras not functioning that night.
senior civic officials said pipelines and utility cables laid underground were usually 5 foot deep depending on the fact if the site was a flood-prone area.
optic fibres cables, according to the officials, are laid out through a new technique of micro trenching.
officials working on the mumbai wifi project claimed that the optic fibre cables were laid between 3 and 8 foot deep depending on the location.
it is the responsibility of each ward officer to check if these optic fibres are damaged, said a senior civic official, who did not wish to be named, admitting that these disruptions had considerably increased over the past few months.
according to the data available, just a month before municipal elections, road repair work at six locations across the city had affected 101 cctv cameras.
the data further reveals that the maximum cameras not working last month was 28, at the mumbai university junction on january 12.
kandivli and kurar were reported to have had the most cameras, 40 and 35, respectively, out of order.
the official study also reveals that of the 16 optic fibre cable disruptions that were noted, six were due to drainage, water pipeline and road work carried out by the mcgm and the remaining are believed to unknown reasons.
government officials have pointed out that the hardest part of repairing these cables is not the cost but to locate the cut that needs to be repaired.
it department officials said about 50 teams had been deployed on the ground to sort out issues at the wifi hotspots.
however, manpower is an important issue that needs to be addressed, said an official.
the technical team on field has complained of trenches that damage the wires but then to repair them is another process.
we have to take digging permissions and to dig the road again is something we have to weigh in and debate again, added the official.
questions are reportedly being raised regarding the lack of a concrete contingency plan in terms of the accountability for the disruptions and the repairs.
a senior government official said pune too had faced such experiences but the situation had comparatively stabilised now as the cctv network was put in place there six months before it was done in mumbai.
stringent penalties are in place to ensure that service levels of the system are not dropped.
the time period imposed to repair is less than 48 hours, claimed the official, though he did not mention what is the penalty levied.
meanwhile, mumbai police spokesperson ashok dudhe said all this had not been a problem from a policing point of view.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday welcomed the centres decision to abolish article 370 in jammu and kashmir and asserted that pakistans devious ploy to break kashmir from india had now got a royal burial.
advertisingaddressing the mahajanadesh yatra (mega mandate march) in chandrapur district, fadnavis said prime minister modi and union minister of home affairs amit shah must be congratulated for what he said was a historic decision.
follow jammu and kashmir live updateskashmirs glory has been restored.
now, nobody should dare to cast an eye on kashmir to foment trouble against indiakashmir was, is and will always remain an integral part of india.
pakistans ploy to break kashmir from india has been defeated.
the long harboured strategy of pakistan to create unrest and divide in kashmir has been buried for ever, the cm said.
on the fifth day of the mahajanadesh yatra, fadnavis also offered floral tribute to bharatiya jan sangh founder shyama prasad mookerjee and said the idealogues dream for complete integration of the state into india has been honoured.
advertisingon monday, fadnavis addressed people at his ancestral village mul in chandrapur district.
he also addressed rallies at village sawali in brahmapuri, warora, ralegaon and kalamb in yavatmal.
so far, fadnavis has covered 911 km across eight districts and 35 assembly segments in vidarbha region.
on monday, he covered 242 km across five assembly constituencies in two districts.
b'the state government is promoting crop patterns suitable to drought-hit marathwada and vidarbha regions, and is roping in agriculture research council and universities to provide crops with shorter life-cycle to sustain agriculture in the dry belt.
apart from crops like cotton, sugarcane, jowar and tur dal (pulses), there is emphasis on promoting horticulture and floriculture under controlled water and temperature technology to ensure assured income for farmers.
the region-wise crop pattern changes are being modelled, and would be discussed with farmers in the next two months.
while the decision to enforce drip irrigation for sugarcane will be mandatory from next season, the campaign to intensify beyond cane cultivation is being pushed in entire marathwada and parts of western maharashtra such as solapur which is drought prone.
according to chief minister devendrafadnavis , along with soil health card, we are emphasising on district-wise crop pattern to ensure higher yields and better renumeration for farmers.
new experiments had become inevitable in the wake of growing financial investments with no assured returns making agriculture a risky venture.
apart from corrective steps, the agriculture department, along with research centres are working with groups of farmers to take up short-cycle crops suitable to the soil, and regulate water usage, he said.
adopting scientific methods would help minimise financial risks in the agro-sector.
the government is making higher investments in horticulture and floriculture which brings better returns for farmers, he observed.
in osmanabad, at least 12 farmers groups have launched a campaign to explore alternative crop patterns.
district collector prashant narnavere said, the cultivation of betel leaves (paan) has become a success.
the vines grow in three to six months.
it requires moderate wet soil but not waterlogging.
some have taken to cultivation of jerbera flowers which do not require intense water.
there is a move to promote tur dal in the drought belt as it is not a highly water intensive crop.
the centre and the state are giving incentives to promote tur dal cultivation and oilseeds in some parts.
the emphasis on plantation and horticulture has support from nabard.
the centre has set a target of 8 per cent growth over the next five year plan (2012-17) for plantation and horticulture in maharashtra.
the allocations for 2016-17 exceeds rs 2,800 crore for horticulture.
the short, inter- crop cycle is also being re-looked to promote seasonal vegetables and fruits in small land holding.
however, the state government would need to provide the logistics of robust market and value chain for fruit processing units to channel the yield.
horticulture crops account for 17.
63 per cent of national production.
the eight diverse agro-climate conditions, like make in maharashtra a suitable destination for horticulture mission.
it includes fruits, flowers, tuber crops, aromatic crops, spices, and medicinal plants.
according to a report from the agriculture ministry, total area under horticulture approximately works out to 25 lakh hectares with production of 175 lakh metric tonnes.
state has highest grape production (60 ); guava (13 ); sweet orange (49 ); strawberry (87 ) , banana (14  ) and mangoes 21   among others.
vegetables can cover 6 lakh hectares with estimated production upto 85 to 90 lakh metric tonnes.
floriculture, making inroads under protected ambience, has covered 260 hectares.
jawaharlal nehru and indira gandhi performed yoga in private and their heirs did not honour it which is why power has eluded them as those who do yoga are directly blessed by god, ramdev wednesday said.
he also expressed confidence that big work will be done on issues such as article 370 and triple talaq under the leadership of prime minister narendra modi.
advertisingramdev, who will be attending an international yoga day event in maharashtras nanded on june 21, which will be attended by chief minister devendrafadnavis , was talking to reporters.
modi is the first prime minister who performs yoga among people, he said, adding that all central ministers, chief ministers, mps and mlas of the bjp perform yoga.
this has given gaurav (prestige) to it.
isse pehle luke chhupe yog karte the indira gandhi ji aur nehru ji (earlier, prime ministers indira gandhi and nehru performed yoga secretly), ramdev said.
but their (nehru-gandhi familys) subsequent generations perhaps did not honour yoga.
is liye unke raj-yog mein bhi thoda sa gadbad ho gaya (hence political power eluded them), the yoga guru added.
those who perform yoga are directly blessed by god, he said.
i have confidence that under the leadership of modi and amit shah, big work will be done on article 370, 35a (which give special status of jammu and kashmir), one nation-one-law, one-nation-one-election and triple talaq.
because those who are yogi think well of all, ramdev added.
yoga is our big legacy and beyond politics, caste, faith and religions, he said, adding that everybody accepts that yoga is rashtra dharma (national religion).
to a question on food adulteration, ramdev, whose patanjali group has a big presence in packaged food segment, said regulatory bodies should be more alert and transparent.
he also called for laws such as those in china, us and europe which limit use of fertilisers and pesticides.
the laws on adulteration are weak here (in india).
in china, death penalty is recommended for adulteration of milk and other foods.
there should be at least life imprisonment here, he said.
when asked whether he would seek death penalty for food adulteration, he said, i demand hanging till death for adulteration of ghee, medicines, edible oilthe government should seriously think about it.
maharashtra school education minister ashish shelar, who accompanied ramdev during the press meet, said the state government would organise yoga day events in 322 tehsils.
b'officials from the rural development department said that it was a part of the union governments plan to keep the mahatmas legacy alive and pass it on to the next generation.
(files/representational) officials from the rural development department said that it was a part of the union governments plan to keep the mahatmas legacy alive and pass it on to the next generation.
(files/representational)to mark the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi, the rural development department has planned several initiatives in the next one year.
it will organise a string of events at those places visited by gandhi, repair and upgrade hutatma smarak, endorse goods sold by the maharashtra khadi and village industries board.
officials from the rural development department said that it was a part of the union governments plan to keep the mahatmas legacy alive and pass it on to the next generation.
for this, a committee was set up by the central government, which had chief minister devendrafadnavis as its member.
the committee is scheduled to meet on may 2 during which the state government has to submit its action plan for the initiatives, said an official familiar with the details.
the programmes also include drives for cleanliness and open defecation-free cities, initiatives to ensure no child is deprived of primary- and secondary-school education and an event related to women and child development, said an official from the department.
in april 1936, gandhi made home the village of shegaon, which he later named as sevagram or village of service.
he stayed there until 1946 and many important decisions pertaining to indias freedom struggle had been taken here.
another official said that a high-powered committee had been set up to submit the plan to the union government and oversee its implementation.
the committee is headed by chief secretary with officials from the departments, including industries, urban development, school education, social justice, women and child development and rural development.
the respective departments are expected to conduct the programmes finalised so far.
besides those listed, the departments have been asked to see if any other programmes or fresh initiatives could be included in it, said the official.
pragya singh thakur, bjp lok sabha candidate from bhopal, triggered a firestorm friday saying maharashtra ats chief hemant karkare, killed in the line of duty during the 26/11 mumbai terror attack, died because she had cursed him tera sarvanash hoga.
advertisingafter her remarks drew all-round condemnation and the bjp distanced itself saying it was her personal statement and that karkare was a martyr, she retracted the remarks.
i felt that the enemies of the country were being benefited therefore, i take back my statement and apologise for it.
it was my personal pain, she told ani.
they have started legal action saying i dont have the right to contest election and my bail should be cancelled.
the only solace is they have not demanded that i be hanged even if i am in jail, i will win, she said.
in 2008, thakur was arrested by the ats, then headed by karkare, for her alleged role in the malegaon blast that left six dead and 101 injured.
a key accused in the case, she is facing trial and is currently out on bail.
advertisingmadhya pradesh chief electoral officer v l kantha rao told the indian express that their media monitoring cell has taken cognizance of her remarks.
we have taken cognizance.
we are examining it, he said, adding that the matter will be referred to the election commission.
we will take a call on it, may be by tomorrow, he said.
at a meeting of bjp workers in bhopal, thakur alleged karkare did not release her even though he did not have any evidence against her and was ready to go to any extent to find proof.
yeh uski kutilta thi.
ye deshdroh tha.
yeh dharma virudhh tha.
jab wo mujhse puchhta, tamam saare prashna karta tha: kyun aisa kyu hua vaisa kyun hua (it was his deviousness, it was treason.
it was against the faith.
he would ask me all sorts of questions: why did this happen, how did this happen).
she said she would tell him only god would know.
he would ask, do i need to go to god to get the answers.
i would say if you think its required, you should definitely go.
she said she told him you will have some difficulty, you will take some time but you will be finished.
i was tortured.
the filthy abuses were unbearable.
read | sadhvi pragyas remarks on hemant karkare: immoral, says ex-dgp; modi had visited cops homeshe said she cursed him: maine kaha tera sarvanash hoga (i said you will be destroyed).
she said a death or birth at anyones place is followed by sutak (inauspicious period).
jis din mei gayi thi uss din iski sutak lag gaya tha, aur theek sava mahine main jis din isko aatankwadiyon ne mara, uss din sutak ka ant hua (the day i went to jail, the inauspicious period started.
exactly a month and quarter later, when he was killed by terrorists, the inauspicious period ended), she said.
she said sanyasis killed ravan, and kansa was killed by lord krishna because he put saints in jail.
similar demonic powers ruled in 2008 and the truth dawned on me when i went to jail.
when the congress worked against religion, he held the reins and innocent saints (pointing to herself) were jailed.
i said the regime will end.
it will be finished.
i am the living proof, she said.
sadhvi pragya thakur likens hemant karkare to ravan, ips association condemns statementthakurs rival candidate digvijaya singh of the congress said: hemant karkare was a dedicated officer.
he laid down his life for the country and we should be proud of him.
no one should comment on it.
congress president rahul gandhi said: hemant karkare gave his life protecting india.
he must be treated with respect.
the bjp distanced itself from thakurs remarks.
in a statement, bjp national media in-charge anil baluni said: the bjp firmly believes that the late shri hemant karkare died while bravely fighting terrorists.
the bjp has always considered him a martyr.
as far as the issue of sadhvi pragyas statement is concerned, it is her personal statement which she might have given because of the years of physical and mental torture she faced.
sadhvi pragyas remark is a personal opinion and we dont support it.
she has also apologised and stated that it was out of her personal trauma and pain.
however, i feel that such statements should never be made.
such statements cannot be justified.
delhi chief minister and aap chief arvind kejriwal said: disgraceful comments by bjps bhopal lok sabha candidate pragya thakur on 26/11 martyr hemant karkareji need to be condemned in strongest terms.
bjp is showing its true colours & it must be shown its place now.
former j&k chief minister and pdp leader mehbooba mufti hit out at the bjp.
i think these are the worst days for our country that you are giving such choice of candidates to the people who use such language against a martyr like hemant karkare, she told reporters in srinagar.
advertisingthe central indian police service (ips) association condemned thakurs remarks.
ashok chakra awardee late sri hemant karkare, ips made the supreme sacrifice fighting terrorists.
those of us in uniform condemn the insulting statement made by a candidate and demand that sacrifices of all our martyrs be respected, it said in a statement.
b'government has received a report on zakir naik from commissioner of police of mumbai.
there are many indictments in the report.
many unlawful activities have been pointed out pertaining to the organisation of which zakir naik is the leader, said cm fadnavis government has received a report on zakir naik from commissioner of police of mumbai.
there are many indictments in the report.
many unlawful activities have been pointed out pertaining to the organisation of which zakir naik is the leader, said cm fadnavismaharashtra police on tuesday submitted its report on controversial islamic preacher zakir naik to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the report points out many unlawful activities pertaining to the organisation of which zakir naik is the leader, according to fadnavis.
government has received a report on zakir naik from commissioner of police of mumbai.
there are many indictments in the report.
many unlawful activities have been pointed out pertaining to the organisation of which zakir naik is the leader, said the chief minister.
fadnavis said that certain activities are attributed to zakir naik as well in the report.
maharashtra govt is studying the report and will soon share report with mha.
there are certain activities attributed to zakir naik as well.
in consultation with mha, we will decide the further course of action which we need to take, said fadnavis.
the maharashtra police initiated action against naik after reports suggested that bangladeshi militants who hacked to death 20 people at a restaurant in dhakas diplomatic zone used to follow zakir naik.
also read| zakir naik under scanner: making a case, officials list 55 terror accused he inspirednaik, a popular but controversial islamic orator and founder of mumbai-based islamic research foundation, is banned in uk and canada for his hate speech aimed against other religions.
he is among 16 banned islamic scholars in malaysia.
he is wildly popular in bangladesh through his peace tv although his preaching often demeans other religions and even other muslim sects, the report said.
with his speeches and teachings, naik has garnered over 14 million followers on facebook and around 200 million viewers of peace tv.
he is a self-proclaimed follower of the late south african preacher ahmed deedat.
after a brief hiatus due to floods, the political pitch in poll-bound maharashtra has started heating up once again with congress mla nirmala gavit on wednesday formally joining the ruling shiv sena, a day after resigning as a member of the legislative assembly.
advertisingwelcoming her into the party fold, sena president uddhav thackeray has said induction of the igatpuri mla will strengthen his party in nashik district in north maharashtra.
gavit, daughter of congress veteran manikrao gavit, had said she was quitting as an mla to ensure development of the constituency.
read | pawar calls leaders leaving party as crows, shiv sena says he now speaks the language of shiv sainiksadvertisingahead of elections, due in september-october, the congress and the ncp are in disarray in view of a string of desertions, and if sources to be believed gavits crossover is certainly not going to be the last one.
according to sources in the bjp, congress mla from indapur in pune district and former marketing minister, harshvardhan patil, is likely to join the bjp.
patil could be a prized catch for the bjp given that ncp mp supriya sule had secured a decisive lead of 70,000 votes from indapur over her rival from baramati in the recently-held lok sabha elections.
though patil has been traditionally challenged by the sena in indapur, he is likely to join the bjp ahead of polls, they said.
patil shifting his loyalties to the bjp might affect sules chances of winning another term in 2024, they said.
notably, the then in-charge of baramati lok sabha constituency and incumbent state bjp president chandrakant patil had said the bjp would wrest baramati from the pawars in 2024.
earlier, bigwigs from the ncp including its mumbai unit preident sachin ahir, and radhakrishna vikhe patil of the congress had quit their parent parties to join the shiv sena and the bjp, respectively.
another fence-sitter from the sharad pawar-led party who might cross over to the bjp is maratha royal and satara mp udayanraje bhosale.
speculation on bhosales future move started doing rounds after he called on chief minister devendrafadnavis here on tuesday night.
bhosales clarification that his visit was meant to resolve the issues of flood-related people from satara has failed to convince political circles.
commenting on the meeting, senior ncp leader and former deputy chief minister ajit pawar told reporters that udayanraje met the chief minister to draw his attention to the flood-hit people in satara district.
it was not a political meeting, he added.
when asked about bhosales next move, pawar retorted saying, you should ask this question to bhosale.
sources close to the development said the bjp was not very keen to take bhosale, who is known for brash demeanour and devil-may-care attitude, on board in the wake of the massive mandate the party had secured in the lok sabha polls.
bhosales cousin and former ncp mla shivendraraje has already joined the bjp which is likely to field him from satara-jawli assembly segment.
the cousins, however, do not see eye to eye, especially after shivendrarajes wife vedantikaraje tasted defeat in satara municipal council elections by the leaders loyal to udayanraje bhosale, they said.
however, a close aide of the mp alleged the development works proposed by him are being deliberately put on back-burner to malign his image among voters.
advertisinghe claimed the projects like construction of rs 60 crore grade separator road in satara and raising the height of kaas lake are still pending.
the bombay high court will listen to the maratha reservation issue on 13th of october.
the bombay high court will listen to the maratha reservation issue on 13th of october.
maharashtra government has collected 70 pieces of legal evidence to support its stand in the bombay high court that maratha community needed reservation, state education minister vinod tawde said on wednesdayin order to put up our stand strongly before the high court on maratha reservation issue, we have collected all legal evidence.
we are ready to put up our case before the high court.
the hearing would start on october 13, tawde said.
watch what else is making newshe was addressing the reporters in mumbai after a meeting of maratha arakshan samiti, also attended by chief minister devendrafadnavis , co-operation minister chandrakant patil, pwd minister eknath shinde, leader of opposition in the legislative assembly radhakrishna vikhe-patil, ncp leader ajit pawar, legal experts and principal secretaries of various departments.
during the hearing, the government will submit 70 pieces of evidence to the court on why reservation for marathas is necessary, how they have remained largely backward and their financial condition is not good, he said.
he also said fadnavis on wednesday took a review of the evidence to be submitted and the way in which lawyers would present the governments case.
as per the minister, senior lawyer harish salve has agreed to represent the government.
chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)the government departments in maharashtra went on an overdrive to spend its funds by the end of the last fiscal, official spending records reveal.
the records from the finance department show a sharp spike in plan spending  expenditure on development and new asset generation works  in march.
plan spending does not include payment of salaries, loan payments, pensions and other recurring expenditure.
the government spent a total of rs 62,254 crore in plan spending for the whole of 2016-17.
of this, rs 22,045 crore was spent in march.
in other words, over 35 per cent of payments towards plan expenditure was issued in march.
the finance departments official website  budget estimation, allocation, and monitoring system (beams.
mahakosh.gov.
in)  has provided the spending numbers.
the general financial rules, applicable across the country, state that a rush of expenditure in the closing months of a financial year is a breach of financial propriety.
to avoid this expenditure rush, finance minister sudhir mungantiwar had earlier announced that a spending cap restricting the march spending by departments to 15 per cent of their total budget would be imposed.
however, as reported by the indian express last month, more than half of the funds budgeted for development work in 2016-17 had remained unspent till february-end.
to avoid lapse of the funds allocated to them, the departments went into a frantic race to spend money in the final month of the year.
the comptroller and auditor general (cag) of india has repeatedly pulled up the state government in the past for a huge rush of expenditure during the last quarter of the financial year and in particular the last month of the fiscal.
according to official estimates, the chief minister-led general administration department spent over 75 per cent of plan funds (rs 167 crore out of rs 223 crore) in march.
the housing department, led by bjps prakash mehta, too, saw expenditure of 71 per cent development funds (rs 230 crore of rs 324 crore) in march itself.
the environment department, which is among those department with a low plan budget, waited till march for 94 per cent of the total expenditure.
similarly, more than 65 per cent of the plan spending for the industries, energy and labour departments was carried out in the final month.
in fact, spending records show, only two departments  public health and water resources  managed to adhere to the 15 per cent spend cap for march.
b'shiv sena mlas protest against prashant paricharak at vidhan bhavan on tuesday.
ganesh shirsekar shiv sena mlas protest against prashant paricharak at vidhan bhavan on tuesday.
ganesh shirsekarthe deadlock in the maharashtra assembly over the controversy surrounding the withdrawal of the suspension of bjp-backed legislative council member prashant paricharak ended on tuesday with warring allies shiv sena and the bjp striking an understanding over the issue.
while the legislative council had revoked paricharaks suspension on february 28, the shiv sena had been pressing for a rethink on the decision.
paricharak was suspended in march last year over derogatory remarks made against wives of army personnel.
the issue had snowballed into a major controversy after the shiv sena opposed the revocation and demanded paricharaks expulsion from the house.
over the next two days, proceedings of the house had remained disrupted.
on monday evening, chief minister devendrafadnavis and parliamentary affairs minister girish bapat had reached out to the shiv sena camp in a bid to end the stalemate.
following closed-door negotiations, shiv senas anil parab was on tuesday allowed to move a motion for paricharaks expulsion.
but legislative council chairman ramraje naik nimbalkar reserved a ruling on parabs motion, pointing out to a legislative rule that when a resolution has been adopted by the house, a second resolution or amendment that raises substantially the same question or contradicts it cannot be raised for the next one year.
members of the shiv sena and the opposition later demanded that paricharak should not be permitted to participate in the discussion of the house till the ruling is announced, which bapat agreed to.
but there was commotion in both houses of the legislature over the issue when proceedings began on tuesday.
even the lower house had to be adjourned once for 15 minutes after shiv senas pratap sarnaik demanded that the government clarify its stance on the issue.
congress and nationalist congress party (ncp) members backed his demand.
after speaker haribhau bagade declined any discussion on the issue in the lower house, members from the shiv sena, congress and ncp stormed into the well.
later, fadnavis said paricharaks comments were condemnable.
the upper house had initiated action and suspended him.
it later revoked the suspension.
since the issue is the domain of the upper house, the government will make a statement on the issue after the upper house passes a ruling in this regard, he said.
the jalyukta shivar projects will not only help overcome drought but also enable farmers to reap two to three crops by rotation in a year, said chief minister devendra fadnavis.
on friday, he visited village sawangi pol in wardha district to review the ongoing jalyukta shivar projects.
he lauded the villagers for their participation in the water conservation projects.
exuding confidence of assured water sources following the projects, he said: the water conservation works will yield positive results that will last several generations and prevent drought.
the farmers will be greatly benefited as they would be able to cultivate two to three crops in a year following assured irrigation.
the tireless efforts of villagers of sawangi pol in arvi taluka of wardha is very inspiring, he added.
a young sadhna uikey, mother of a 6-month-old from sawangi, was felicitated for her contribution to water conservation work in her village.
fadnavis said: such outstanding work is possible only when villagers take the decision to change their destiny by fighting and overriding the problems.
my government will provide full support to such efforts.
referring to the yashoda river rejuvenation project, he said 27,989 families across 143 villages along the banks in arvi, wardha, devla and hinganghat would be beneficiaries.
satyam shankar raut was detected with hearing disability when he was one year old.
(express photo by ganesh shirsekar) satyam shankar raut was detected with hearing disability when he was one year old.
(express photo by ganesh shirsekar)nanded-based aditya pimperkhede was two years old when he was first diagnosed with hearing disability.
it took his parents two years to get him treated.
the boy, now four, managed to undergo a cochlear implant recently, after three organisations contributed for his surgery.
like him, 300 economically disadvantaged children have undergone cochlear implants at kem hospital through donations, the highest for a government hospital in the city so far.
kem hospital began its cochlear implant programme in 2007, after which nair, sion and cooper hospital followed suit.
with one implant costing rs 5.
8 lakh, the hospital has tied up with at least 82 donors in the past to aid free surgeries for the hearing-impaired.
we went to hyderabad for treatment.
he could hear only a little bit.
because the treatment got delayed, even his speech has been affected, adityas father ankush pimperkhede said.
aditya is now undergoing speech therapy that will continue for at least two years.
according to dr hetal marfatia, head of the ent department at kem, cochlear implant is necessary to aid proper hearing for a child born with this disability.
but the diagnosis should be as early as possible after birth.
the more the delay, the more difficult it gets to help the child get accustomed to hearing and speech, she said.
satyam shankar raut (3) was detected with hearing disability when he was one year old.
the dahisar boy has not been able to undergo an implant yet.
i got donations from tata trust and siddhivinayak temple.
but i am still short of rs 30,000 for the surgery, mother sanjana raut says.
funds remain the major impediment in the treatment of several patients.
kem hospital currently has a waiting list of 100 patients.
the process to get donations takes six to eight months.
since cochlear implant surgery is not state-funded or listed for free for below poverty line patients under the rajiv gandhi jeevandayee arogya yojana (rgjay), several patients are not able to afford the expensive procedure, said dr samir bhargava, ent surgeon with cooper hospital.
the procedure is not covered by insurance companies.
according to bhargava, tamil nadu, kerala, rajasthan, andhra pradesh, and madhya pradesh governments provide the surgery for free in government hospitals for poor patients.
on thursday, kem hospital invited the associate vice-president of axis bank and wife of chief minister devendrafadnavis , amruta fadnavis, to mark the ent departments completion of 300 cochlear implants.
with help of donors, lives of several patients have improved.
early detection will go a long way to help this disability, amruta fadnavis said.
according to idzes kundan, the additional municipal commissioner of the bmc, a budgetary provision for cochlear implant surgeries will be made in next years bmc budget.
we, till now, largely depended on donations to treat poor patients, she said.
the maharashtra cabinet is likely to be expanded before the monsoon session of the state legislature assembly, which commences on july 17.
advertisingat the bjps core committee meeting held in new delhi on sunday, maharashtras roadmap for the assembly elections complete with changes in the state bjp and cabinet was discussed at length.
the bjp also discussed its poll strategy with alliance partners shiv sena and others at the meeting, which was chaired by bjp president and union home minister amit shah.
the assembly elections in maharashtra are scheduled in september-october.
maharashtra is in election mode.
the cabinet expansion is likely before the monsoon session, he added.
on the search for a new state bjp president, he said, it will be a collective exercise for all state units across the country for which a time-table is being drawn.
i am not sure if change of state president will take place before the state monsoon session.
advertisingappointing a new bjp president in the state has been necessitated following the induction of raosaheb danve as minister of state for food and consumer affairs and public distribution in the modi government.
however, insiders indicated that if shah continues to hold the party president post till the assembly elections, the same would apply to all states where state presidents have become ministers.
organisational changes will include upgrading general secretaries with additional responsibilities to bring in more accountability.
fadnavis said maharashtra was geared up for the assembly polls and the centre was being apprised of all necessary decisions and administrative challenges.
the cm refused to divulge details of the cabinet reshuffle cum expansion.
but sources in the party indicated that the highlight would be induction of new entrants to the party: former opposition leader radhakrishna vikhe patil and former ncp youth leader ranjitsinh mohite patil.
vikhe patil has resigned from the congress.
his formal entry into the bjp is expected this week.
another senior ncp leader vijaysinh mohite patil is all set to quit the party.
at least eight congress and ncp members are keen on joining the bjp.
the bjp government in the state has been promoting the project as chief minister devendrafadnavis flagship initiative.
(express file photo) the bjp government in the state has been promoting the project as chief minister devendrafadnavis flagship initiative.
(express file photo)twelve international construction companies, including four chinese and two russian firms, have formally expressed interest in building the rs 46,000-crore nagpur-mumbai super communication expressway.
the maharashtra state road development corporation limited (msrdc), the nodal agency for building the 701-kilometre road, has received 33 bids in response to the request for qualification (rfq) document issued on march 19.
the bjp government in the state has been promoting the project as chief minister devendrafadnavis flagship initiative.
with june 5 being the last day for submissions from interested players, kiran kurundkar, msrdcs joint managing director, confirmed that the agency had received 33 bids.
it is a welcome response.
a scrutiny committee is evaluating the responsiveness of the bids submitted, he said.
the ambitious projects bidding process had courted some controversy last month, after two leading construction industry bodies in the country, the national highway builders federation (nhbf) and the construction federation of india (cfi), had approached the prime minister s office, complaining that certain provisions in the rfq were tailored to favour a handful of players.
both had sought the pmos intervention.
the response to the bid document belies allegations that the conditions were framed to favour select companies, said kurundkar.
according to the msrdc, 21 indian infrastructure and construction companies have entered the fray.
the list includes some leading highway contractors including some of those who had raised strong objections to some tender conditions.
the indian companies that have expressed interest include hindustan construction company, larsen & toubro, reliance infrastructure, gammon india, ashoka buildcon, gayatri projects, pnc infratech limited, nagarjuna construction company, simplex infrastructure, krishna mohan constructions, oriental structural engineers, afcons infrastructure, navayuga group, dilip buildcon ltd and sew infrastructure, among others.
incidentally, three out of the four chinese firms  china gezhouba group company limited, china construction fifth engineering division corporation limited, guangdong guanye highway & bridge company ltd  have entered the race as sole bidders, while the fourth, cgcd construction, has submitted a bid in joint venture with sew infrastructure.
officials said that sibmost ojsc, which has entered into a joint venture with gayatri project, is from russia.
three turkish firms including limak insaat (sole bidder), makyol and cengiz infrastructure (both in jvs), singapores qingdao construction pte ltd, italys todini construzioni generali spa (in a jv), omans galfar engineering and contracting saog (sole bidder), and a korean company are also vying for the contract.
the state government has split the road building work into 16 packages, totalling rs 27,650 crore.
earlier, the industry bodies had raised objections against conditions that qualify only those having experience of building access controlled expressways, freeways, motorways, and autobahns worth rs 500 crore to rs 1300 crore in the last five years, and disqualification of those under the corporate debt restructuring (cdr) or strategic debt restructuring (sdr).
the initial rfq document issued on january 2, 2017 did not contain these conditions.
this was annulled on march 29, when a new rfq document was published.
seeking to allay fears about a potential reduction in the obc quota for local bodies, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said the state government is committed to the 27 per cent obc reservation.
advertisingfadnavis said there was no question of reviewing or altering the obc quota in education, jobs or local bodies.
according to the provisions of the zilla parishad and panchayat act, 1961 and the bombay village panchayat act, 1958, there are set reservations for excluded groups.
posts are reserved for scheduled castes and tribes based on the proportion of their population, while there is a flat 27 per cent reservation for obcs.
under the arrangement, many times, the total reservation had crossed the 50 per cent limit mark.
to address this issue, the state government had passed an ordinance last wednesday stating that henceforth, obcs would get reservation in panchayat samitis and zilla parishads based on their population share in the region.
advertisingthis led to concerns that the 27 per cent obc quota would decrease, and opposition parties hit out at the state government over the move.
fadnavis dismissed these concerns as baseless and said no group would be stripped of its rightful share.
in some districts, the number of seats for obcs was reduced due to the 50 per cent quota limit.
by introducing the ordinance, we have restored those affected seats.
the reservation will not come down till this government is in power, the cm told reporters, according to pti.
there is no constitutional provision of political quota for obcs.
however, every state government has been given the jurisdiction to determine the obc quota in government jobs, education and elections to local bodies, such as panchayats and zilla parishads.
however, this does not apply to the assembly or parliament.
asked to comment on reports of non-availability of obc population data, fadnavis said they were incorrect.
the centre has detailed state-wise data on the caste census.
the statistics are district-wise.
we will get the data from the centre to substantiate 27 per cent quota for obcs in local body polls the data would be furnished to election commission, he said.
in a step towards enhancing last-mile connectivity from metro stations that are presently under construction in the city, the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) on monday approved the multi-modal integration (mmi) project worth rs 3,500 crore.
a senior official from chief minister devendrafadnavis mmrda said that currently 12 metro corridors are planned in the city and its suburbs.
for end-to-end transportation for commuters, the authority had proposed a last-mile connectivity plan that will include best buses, bicycles and other modes of transport.
advertisingon monday, fadnavis chaired a meeting where he approved the rs 3,500-crore mmi project for all proposed metro stations.
the project will entail the widening of footpaths, bicycle tracks, parking zones, traffic signal improvement, street lighting, cctv, path-finding maps, feeder services, street furniture, etc.
the cm, however, asked authorities to reduce the cost of the project.
fadnavis also approved the appointment of indian port rail and ropeway corporation ltd (iprcl) to prepare a detailed project report for ropeway projects between malad and marve and gorai and borivali, both 4.
5 km.
these projects will provide east-west connectivity to the metro and jetty at the two locations.
the cm also approved mmrda financing the konkan irrigation development corporation (kidc) for construction of kavdas dam.
this is part of the surya dam project.
b'the village markets are almost all closed across marathwada.
now, we buy a kg of dal instead of five.
were cancelling family weddings, postponing expenses.
(source: illustration by cr sasikumar) the village markets are almost all closed across marathwada.
now, we buy a kg of dal instead of five.
were cancelling family weddings, postponing expenses.
(source: illustration by cr sasikumar)dear prime minister,i havent had the honour of meeting you but i think there is plenty about me that you will know simply from my name.
i am 65 years old, from majalgaon in maharashtras beed district.
this is the home district of the late gopinath mundeji and the late pramod mahajanji.
i belong to the vanjari samaj  like you, i am an obc.
we are a community of several lakh people who live mostly in marathwada, one of indias most arid regions.
were also one of the bjps most loyal supporters.
i own 15 acres in pathrud taluka.
i have been a farmer for 15 years, growing sugarcane and cotton.
i am not an illiterate farmer with generations of crop losses behind me.
i am a graduate who worked for the state transport department before retiring five years ago.
in the last few years, there has been a complete failure of the monsoon, and unseasonal rains.
there are no irrigation canals near my land.
the only source of water i have is my well, which ran dry this summer.
i sank money into a borewell but even after digging nearly 400 feet, we found no water.
for two years now, i have had almost nothing to sell from the fields.
this years kharif was fully lost.
the rabi-jowar looks promising right now, but let my hopes not run ahead of the seasons.
last year, we had barely any cotton to market.
worse, we had to face a crash in prices: sugarcane fetched rs 2,500 a quintal a few years ago; last year, it was rs 1,500 a quintal.
thus, our income from cotton and sugarcane has fallen drastically while input costs have risen.
i now pay rs 125 a day in labour charges  it used to be rs 50 a few years ago.
the same is true for the cost of seeds, pesticide, manure  everything.
pradhan mantriji, in the last year, i have incurred a loss of rs 1.
5 lakh on my 15 acres, in addition to the rs 70,000 i spent on the borewell.
i am still better placed than many middle-class families in marathwadas villages because i have two sons; one is a dentist and the other is in politics so we are able to absorb these losses, unlike many other poor families.
i was a young man when the severe drought of 1972 hit us.
villagers had nothing to eat then.
that nobody is starving to death today is a peculiarity of this years drought as well as a small success for the state government.
the annapurna scheme, which supplies foodgrain and essentials for re 1 or rs 2 a kilogram, is a huge success.
anybody who finds work earns rs 100 a day at least so nobody is going hungry, i assure you.
and yet, last years drought has been much worse than the one of 1972.
why do i say that?
the village markets are almost all closed across marathwada.
now, we buy a kg of dal instead of five.
were cancelling family weddings, postponing expenses.
we are all rapidly growing poorer, more dependent on government aid.
we are selling our animals and they do not fetch a respectable price any longer.
the worse and more immediate crisis is water: every day is defined by whether or not there is enough water for ourselves and the animals to drink, whether the water tanker has arrived in our village and whether there is some water to store for tomorrow, in case the tanker does not come.
the jalyukt shivar programme for water conservation structures initiated by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and rural development minister pankaja munde are excellent.
this is a long-term drought-proof measure that will show results in 2016.
why not enlarge the programme to include every single village?
modiji, people have begun to talk.
they say that your government has taken decisions for everyone  a gst is proposed for traders, toll tax is being slowly done away with for the urban middle class, the big industrialists are being wooed with all manner of sops.
what about the poor farmer?
people say modiji has only opened bank accounts for us.
achhe din will come for us only if the government is able to put rs 5,000-10,000 in each of those bank accounts.
we are ardent bjp supporters but honestly, our sentiments have changed in the last year and a half.
the sense that the poor are not benefiting is sharp.
the water crisis will define 2016 for us, at least until june, and if the rains fail again, the entire year will be affected.
you cannot bring us rains, but there are some things governments can do.
take a look at our district cooperative banks.
in beed, the cooperative bank is almost defunct.
banks neither have resources to give new loans nor is it easy to access funds when, for example, there is a crop insurance payment.
please resolve the crisis in the cooperative banking system.
second, farm packages for crop losses must be more transparent and in keeping with real losses.
a genuine package is at the top of every farmers wish list in marathwada.
third, at the district and taluka levels, the government machinery needs to be more responsive.
whether its a saat-baaraah extract i need or other permissions, were dealing with the same disinterested government employees  the change in government has not percolated to this level.
when the chief minister visited beed earlier this year, and inaugurated a fodder camp for animals that i helped set up, i made a short speech and told fadnavisji that the karz-maafi demand and the one for a waiver of electricity bills are reasonable.
i hope you will address these next year.
modiji, marathwadas summer makes us a very hardy lot.
we will eke out our lives with the bare minimum help from the government.
but unless the government exercises some control over agricultural commodity prices and guarantees us a fair minimum price, there is no hope for us.
i wish you a peaceful and successful 2016.
b'the centres decision to allow 100 per cent foreign direct investment (fdi) in the food processing sector is likely to boost agro-industrial investments in maharashtra.
the state government also believes that the decision would help them override the agrarian crisis in the state.
the union ministry of food processing has listed maharashtra among the four states with potential to derive maximum benefits from policy reforms in food processing.
the other states are punjab, haryana, and andhra pradesh.
maharashtra also leads in horticulture produce in the country, with 40 per cent produce.
according to nabard status report for year 2015-16: the food processing units would help maharashtra to process 40 per cent vegetables and 30 per cent fruits, which are wasted due to lack of infrastructure.
the inadequate food processing sector also is a primary reason for poor remunerations farmers get.
they cannot bargain in absence of robust market linkages.
in spite of huge demand for processed food, which has become a global trend, reports suggest, the overall percentage of vegetables and fruits processed in the state is less than 1.
2 per cent.
it also implies that the gap between supply and demand is met from processed food imported from abroad.
at present, the states processing capacity of vegetables and fruits does not exceed one lakh metric tonne (mt).
interestingly, maharashtra, a leading state in agriculture as well as industries, has failed to develop the food processing sector.
the nabard report mentions, although the state is leading in agro-industry, it ranks way below others in investment by international standards in food processing infrastructure.
sensing shortcomings in the sector, chief minister devendrafadnavis has undertaken a course correction.
he said, for the first time, my government has taken a conscious decision to make greater investments in the agro-industrial sector.
we have given greater impetus on strengthening value chains to provide channels for agro-produce through industrial units.
the robust food processing sector, through the centres policy reforms, will open new avenues for farmers.
the state government has already taken steps, with four mega food parks in satara, ahmednagar, wardha and nagpur getting a go-ahead.
at the make in india week in february (13-18), fadnavis managed to get mous with private players in the food processing sectors.
the government has already identified the regionwise potential for growth of food processing sector.
keeping in mind the interest of farmers, food processing units are being linked with crops/fruits grown in that particular region.
the districts for food/fruits processing units include nashik, pune, kolhapur, ahmednagar, jalgaon, nagpur, latur and sindhudurg.
the chief minister believes the food processing sector should also be promoted in districts reeling under farmers suicide and drought.
fadnaviss statement, made in the state assembly, came in the backdrop of persistent pressure from the oppositioncongress-ncp as well the ruling bjp and the shiv sena, for writing off the loans of farmers.
seizing on the uttar pradesh scheme of waiving farm loans of rs 36,359 crore announced by chief minister yogi adityanath on tuesday, shiv sena and bjp members demanded that the government in maharashtra too come out with a loan waiver.
we will study how uttar pradesh will raise such a huge amount, fadnavis said.
he said he had directed the finance secretary to study how up was going about with the debt waiver.
referring to the high court directive to the tamil nadu government on farm loans issue in the wake of peasants stir, fadnavis said, decision of waiving farm loan is the prerogative of the government.
fadnavis, however, targeted the opposition for staying away from the house, saying they were roaming outside in name of sangharsh yatra.
but the sena and bjp members sentiments regarding farm loan waiver are genuine and the state government is positive to it, he said.
fadnavis said, we have asked the centre for financial assistance.
if we dont get help from the centre, we are working on how a loan waiver (of rs 30,000 crore) can be granted.
earlier, as soon as the house assembled after a three-day break, shiv sena and bjp members were on their feet on the issue of farm loan waiver.
shamburaje desai (shiv sena) said recently two farmers had committed suicide at wadgaon in satara district since they were debt-ridden.
if uttar pradesh can make a provision of rs 36,000 crore to waive loans up to rs 1 lakh, why cant maharashtra do the same?
our financial condition is better than uttar pradesh.
the up chief minister did not wait for the central government help, he said.
desai said rs 30,500 crore loan in maharashtra should be waived before the budget session ends on april 7.
subhash sabne (sena) said farmers in parbhani are planning to strike from june 1 by stopping kharif sowing.
if farmers strike and stop sowing, should we eat dhatura (poisonous thorn apple)?
he asked.
ashish deshmukh and sanjay kute (both bjp) said the state government should go for a loan waiver to ensure there is no burden on the financial condition of the state and continue the investment in agriculture sector.
at one of the homes with books in bhilar, thursday.
amit chakravarty at one of the homes with books in bhilar, thursday.
amit chakravartylocals, hoteliers and strawberry farmers now don the role of a librarian for tourists who visit bhilar near panchgani, indias first pustakanche gaon (village of books).
laxmi vasant bhilare (75), who has been a housewife for over five decades now, looks after the books stacked in her premises in the village.
i read these books myself too.
since the time they have stacked books here, it has become a great way to spend my evenings.
many old people who usually chit chat in free time, i see them reading books nowadays.
i now know which book is kept where so i can guide the visitors too, laxmi said.
owner of anmols inn, located on the main bhilar road, has stacked books written by leaders and personalities.
the books include translations of apj abdul kalam wings of fire (agni pankh) and turning points.
owner of anmols inn, rahul bhilare, said, our customers were delighted to see books stacked near the restaurant area.
our village will become a famous destination where they will get to read good books while enjoying strawberries.
nearly 25 premises, which include three temples, two schools, seven houses and several lodges and homestays spread on a stretch of 2-2.
5 km in bhilar village, 7-8 kms from panchgani, formally opened their gates for public reading on thursday.
to make these libraries-cum-reading rooms look different, maharashtra government had got 75 odd artists to paint the walls of these 25 premises at pustakanche gaon.
the state did crowd-sourcing by inviting swatva, an informal whatsapp-based artist and art-lovers network to take up the task of decorating the village by organising a three-day camp at the village.
during a trip to england a few years ago, i got an opportunity to visit hay-on-wye, a town of books in welsh town.
since that day, i wanted to set up such a book town/village in maharashtra.
we put a lot of efforts in shortlisting villages for the project.
even after we shortlisted bhilar, we got a study done by iit bombay if there are possibilities of land caving in during rains.
i am glad that the village of book is finally a reality today, said vinod tawde, minister of marathi language department and cultural affairs.
inspired by the welsh town, hay-on-wye, famous for its bookstores and literary festivals, the book village in the state was supposed to come up by november 2015 as announced by tawde himself.
the project got delayed for various reasons, including the study by iit bombay.
tawde said: the village administration has been very enthusiastic and working with us on the project.
one of the factors which enabled us to complete the project.
the best part is that the people of bhilar have understood the concept of creating a book village very well, hence, it became easy for us to implement it on the ground.
tawde added: the village administration has been very enthusiastic and working with us on the project.
this is one of the factors which enabled us to complete the project.
the best part is that the people of bhilar have understood the concept of creating a book village very well, hence it became easy for us to implement it on the ground.
residents demand strawberry research centremeanwhile, strawberry farmers and bhilar residents demanded that a strawberry research centre should be set up in the village.
we are glad that out village was chosen for setting up the countrys first book village.
however, in the presence of the cm, we also want to demand that the state government must set up a strawberry research centre in our village.
it can help our village and other areas nearby to enhance the quality of strawberries, said balasaheb bhilare, a resident of bhilar and social activist.
after failed negotiations on seat sharing agreement and with no response from the bjp, the shiv sena announced to go it alone.
(file) after failed negotiations on seat sharing agreement and with no response from the bjp, the shiv sena announced to go it alone.
(file)a day after the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) polls delivered a hung verdict, senior bjp leader nitin gadkari friday insisted that there was no option for his party and its estranged ally shiv sena than joining hands for the control of the countrys richest civic body.
the situation now is that both parties have no option but to come together again, gadkari said.
on the other hand, the sena, in an editorial in party mouthpiece saamana, accused the bjp of using deceitful means to destabilise them and asserted that the civic bodys coveted post of mayor will be from their party.
the party also said it has decided to walk on the path of fire and will continue its fight by not worrying about the consequences.
our fight (with the bjp) will continue.
the war that had started was not only for power but for dharma, ideals and the integrity of maharashtra, the sena said.
the bmc polls was viewed as the battle of prestige for chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray as they had ended their acrimonious relationship just before the elections.
in a stellar performance, the bjp emerged as the largest party in eight of the 10 municipal corporations across maharashtra and also made huge inroads by finishing second (82) to the sena, which won 84 seats, in the latters mumbai bastion.
reflecting on the post-poll prospects, gadkari said, the final decision on this issue has to be taken by chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
both are mature and i am sure they will take the right decision.
having been relegated into third position after facing its worst ever rout in mumbai, congress said it will not do anything that will benefit either the shiv sena or bjp.
we will not dilute our ideological stand.
people defeated us and gave us a mandate to sit in the opposition.
we respect that.
but voters have not given the saffron parties, who fought a bitter battle, the keys to power.
congress will not help these two parties, but would like to see their fight continue and differences aggravate, congress city unit chief sanjay nirupam was quoted as saying by pti.
congress could only manage to win 31 of the 227 seats in the civic body.
earlier in the day, the sena received a shot in the arm after two independent corporators joined the party at party president uddhav thackerays residence matoshree, thereby taking its total tally to 86.
a day after the opposition targeted him for continuing with his political campaign amid a flood-like situation in several parts of the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis has rescheduled his ongoing mahajanadesh yatra and returned to mumbai on tuesday evening.
advertisingfadnavis has convened a meeting of the state cabinet on wednesday morning to discuss the flood situation.
according to officials in the cmo, he will leave for buldhana to resume the yatra after the meeting.
on monday, a congress party delegation led by state units campaign committee chairman nana patole and mumbai congress president eknath gaikwad had targeted fadnavis for his absence from maharashtra, demanding action against him under provisions of the national disaster management act, 2005 for dereliction of duty, an allegation that the cmo had rubbished arguing that he had been continuously monitoring the situation.
torrential rains have hit normal life in mumbai, thane, palghar, nashik, navi mumbai, raigad, sangli, kolhapur and pune among other districts in the last few days.
mumbai police.
(file) mumbai police.
(file)the president of the short-lived police union in mumbai in the 1980s has dismissed the ongoing signature campaign pressing for the establishment of a union to represent lower-rung police personnel.
he said the only way forward was by following the law and by marching to the state governments headquarters on january 1, 2017.
i have written to chief minister devendrafadnavis demanding permission to form a police union.
i have given him 90 days to grant permission.
if he does not do so, we will march to mantralaya and to varsha (the cms residence) if necessary.
a lot of organisations have agreed to be part of this protest.
at least, two family members of police personnel from across maharashtra will join the march.
it will be a protest that the state government has not witnessed before, said bablu jadhav, a retired assistant sub-inspector in the thane police.
watch what else is making news:though long retired, jadhav has pressed ahead with his demand for a police union ever since the very first union was disbanded in 1982, after its members went on a riot.
after the recent spurt in cases of assault on police personnel in mumbai and thane, calls have grown for the union to be revived.
however, after traffic constable vilas shinde was killed in an attack on duty by two men in khar, a signature campaign demanding the formation of a union has been launched by nitesh ranes swabhiman sanghatana.
it claims to have gathered signatures of over two lakh serving police personnel and their families so far.
that is not the way ahead.
a legal process has to be followed.
the state government can establish the union once more it if wants to but is under pressure from the ips lobby.
the government has to show whether it is for the ips or the law, jadhav said.
farmers and ncp activists throw away milk on the road outside collectors office during a protest over farmers issues in thane, mumbai on saturday.
file/pti photo farmers and ncp activists throw away milk on the road outside collectors office during a protest over farmers issues in thane, mumbai on saturday.
file/pti photoclearing the decks for an end to the ongoing agitation by farmers in the state, the maharashtra government sunday announced a blanket loan waiver, the largest ever, to provide immediate relief to 31 lakh farmers.
this is a clear departure from its earlier position that loans of only small and marginal farmers will be considered.
the government also agreed to raise the price of milk.
there are 1.
36 crore farmers in the state and their loans add up to rs 1.
14 lakh crore but the government estimates that the loan waiver will not exceed rs 35,000 crore when parameters are introduced to weed out non-farming categories to ensure that genuine farmers reap maximum benefits.
these parameters will ensure that big business houses, professionals or politicians who own large parcels of agriculture land do not avail loan waiver benefits in the name of farmers.
announcing that a consensus had been reached and farmers had called off their strike, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who described the decision as historic, told the indian express: the loan waiver is for all farmers and not confined to just small and marginal categories.
there will be defined parameters to ensure genuine and needy farmers are not left out of the institutional credit bracket.
indicating that financial implications are yet to be worked out, fadnavis said the volume of loan waiver will be largest the state has ever offered.
he hinted that the farm loan model would be almost on the lines of uttar pradesh and telangana.
when it was pointed out to him that the blanket waiver would mean writing off rs 1.
14 lakh crore for 1.
36 crore farmers, fadnavis said: there was an overwhelming response from farmer leaders that loan waiver should be for needy farmers, and not become a medium availed by rich and prosperous individuals or groups at the cost of poor and needy farmers.
earlier, in a series of tweets, the chief minister said: government agrees for loan waiver for farmers.
conditions and detailing will be finalised by a joint committee.
govt also accepts the demand of farmers to increase the milk prices.
at the same time, the milk societies will have to agree with 70:30 formula of profit sharing on the lines of sugar industry.
farmers and their betterment was, is and will always be this governments top priority.
group of ministers will also hold discussions with various political parties for a broader consensus and inclusion, he said.
the development of farmers and their welfare has remained integral to all policy decisions with capital investments of rs 26,000 crore.
the loan waiver is another step to reaffirm our commitment to the farmers, he said.
the waiver decision came after a meeting of the core committee led by state revenue minister chandrakant patil and farmer representatives from nashik, ahmednagar, kolhapur, sangli and pune.
swabhimani shetkari sanghatana leader raju shetty said, we are pleased with the decision.
our concern was for genuine farmers.
we are not seeking a blanket loan waiver.
why should rich and prosperous politicians or industrialists get loan benefits?
patil said, this is a revolutionary decision.
a loan waiver of such magnitude has never been considered in the state.
taking another step to provide relief to farmers supplying milk to cooperative dairy societies and private players, the government decided to increase milk rates from june 20.
we want to stop exploitation of farmers who are often underpaid.
the formula for fixing the milk rate for farmers will be derived, as is done in the case of sugarcane.
the ration of 70:30 profit share between sugar mills and cane farmers will be enforced for the milk sector, patil said.
the farmers have demanded rs 50 per litre but it is likely that they will get between rs 28-30 per litre.
shiv sena minister diwakar raote said,  we are happy with the loan waiver.
any decision that helps farmers is welcome.
ncp president sharad pawar said, i welcome the loan waiver decision.
but now we have to see how soon it is enforced.
the shiv sena along with ncp and other farmers organisations had backed the strike over the last ten days.
congress leader radhakrishna vikhe-patil said, we had always urged the government to enforce the loan waiver and now they have accepted our demand.
to speed up projects under the phase iii of mumbai urban transport projects (mutp-3), mumbai railway vikas corporation (mrvc) officials on monday briefed chief minister devendrafadnavis on the issue and sought the state governments help in acquiring land for various projects.
the cm reportedly has assured officials that all land problems will be solved within a month.
advertisingto complete mutp-3, mrvc requires 156 hectares of land.
mrvc is a joint venture of the state government and indian railways, which was formed to implement suburban projects.
currently, mrvc is executing mutp-3 projects worth rs 10,000 crore.
a senior officer from the mrvc said while the asian infrastructure investment bank (aiib) was providing rs 3,500 crore for mutp-3, the projects were facing a big hurdle in the form of land acquisition.
at present, the mrvc is in the process of acquiring land for two projects under the mutp-3  quadrupling lines between virar and dahanu, and a new rail corridor between panvel and karjat.
both projects require nearly 60 hectares of land.
to start off, the project requires 27 hectares of land, while another 33 hectares is required later, a senior railways official said.
advertisingthe land acquisition process had stopped during the lok sabha election, a senior officer from mrvc said.
mrvc managing director, r s khurana told the indian express: in our meeting with the chief minister, projects under mutp-3 were reviewed.
we have asked the state government to help in acquiring land for the projects.
in reply, the chief minister gave a very positive response to solve this problem.
sources in the mrvc said a special cell with a state government official on board would be set up to solve the issue of land acquisition, which comes under district collector department.
a senior officer from railways said that after mutp-3 is completed, the dahanu-virar local services segregation and express trains on western railway will be taken up.
currently, the western railways has only two lines between dahanu and virar, on which both express and local tarins ply.
on central railways, passengers have to change from thane to reach karjat if they are commuting from navi mumbai side.
but once panvel-karjat corridor gets ready then commuters can directly travel from navi mumbai to karjat.
this new corridor will also alleviate passengers rush during peak hours.
an elevated 3.
5-km corridor will also be constructed between kalwa on the central line and airoli to enable trains from kalyan to navi mumbai to reduce congestion at thane station.
bmc voters turnout has increased.
(file) bmc voters turnout has increased.
(file)the average voter turnout at the end of the two-phase elections for 10 municipal corporations, 25 zilla parishads and 283 panchayat samitis shows a common trend: there has been a substantial increase in polling across the state, barring a few exceptions.
as the elections are being fought for civic corporations, zilla parishads and panchayat samitis, the verdict will come from urban, semi-urban and rural areas.
while political observers describe it as a mini-vidhan sabha polls, the outcome is being equated as a referendum on the bjp led by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
on tuesday morning after casting his vote, fadnavis exuded confidence about his party doing well in the elections.
in his hometown nagpur, where he voted with his family, he said, im confident people will support the initiative taken by the government to bring socio-economic reforms to both urban and rural areas across maharashtra.
senior bjp leader madhav bhandari said, preliminary reports across the state and mumbai indicate a higher polling percentage.
the general trend is, a higher polling percentage works in favour of change.
however, state ncp chief sunil tatkare said he was confident the party will retain its number one position in zilla parishads and panchayat samitis.
in the first phase polling held on february 16, overall 63.
8 per cent voting was registered for 15 zilla parishads and 165 panchayat samitis.
the zilla parishads that went to polls in the first phase included jalgaon.
ahmednagar, aurangabad, jalna, parbhani, hingoli, beed, nanded, osmanabad, latur, buldhana, yavatmal, wardha, chandrapur and gadchiroli.
apart from mumbai, in elections to nine other municipal corporations across the state, the polling percentage evoked mixed reactions.
of these nine corporations, the bjp hopes to wrest pune from the ncp and solapur from the congress.
in nashik, the higher polling is likely to give the shiv sena an edge.
it was held by the mns in the last elections.
in pune and pimpri-chinchwad, held by ncp leader ajit pawar, the bjp expects to deal a setback to the ncp.
in the 2012 elections, the ncp was ahead of others with the congress in second position, the sena third and the bjp fourth.
the bjp  which had drawn a blank in sangli, satara and solapur zilla parishads in the last elections  expects to break ground this time.
the shiv sena too did not win any seat in sangli, satara and solapur in the last elections.
in the 2012 elections to the 10 municipal corporations (including mumbai), the sena led in mumbai and thane; the bjp in nagpur and akola; the congress in solapur and amravati; the ncp in pune and pimpri-chinchwad; and the mns in nashik.
the seat tally and vote share for the 2012 municipal corporation elections was: ncp 265 (21.
30 per cent); congress 264 (21.
22 per cent); shiv sena 227 (18.
24 per cent); bjp 205 (16.
47 per cent).
for a total 1,561 seats in zilla parishads, seats and vote share were as follows: ncp 511 (33.
7 per cent); congress 419 (27.
63 per cent); shiv sena 233 (15.
36 per cent); bjp 165 (10 per cent).
the bjp, which ranked fourth, drew a blank in sangli, satara, solapur and hingoli.
similarly, the sena could not win a single seat in sangli, satara and solapur.
the congress drew a blank in beed.
for the 283 panchayat samitis, the tally along with vote share was: ncp 961 seats (32 per cent); congress 836 seats (27.
84 per cent); shiv sena 448 seats (14.
92 per cent); bjp 343 seats (11.
42 per cent).
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray shiv sena chief uddhav thackeraythe shiv sena on wednesday hit out at the centre for pushing debt-ridden farmers into greater despair and allowing their farms to fall into ruin by brandishing the knife of demonetisation.
in an editorial in its mouthpiece saamana, the bickering ally also questioned the apathy of the government towards the agricultural sector at a time when industry and the services sector received periodical boosts for their development.
after years, monsoon last year brought hope to farmers and they had a bumper production but the knife of demonetisation led them to sell their produce at dirt cheap rates.
they couldnt even recover their input costs and as a result, debt ridden farmers plunged deeper into losses, the sena said.
the government, it said, came to power with the promise of developing the agriculture sector.
but today, it keeps threatening to get the sector taxed.
it is easy to win elections right from panchayat to municipal corporations.
if you have the money, you can win an election even on the moon.
this does not mean people are your servants.
to understand farmers feelings, it needs to be understood that they are not mere vote banks, it added.
the sena edit also sought to know why the bjp was shying away from a loan waiver if it could spend hundreds of crores in elections.
if the cm says he will only talk to real farmers leaders, then only real farmers from the government should hold talks with those real farmers leaders.
but, does your government have a single real farmer?
it asked.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had on monday said the government would talk only to protesting farmers and not others and that the government would not enter into a dialogue with those trying to agitate farmers.
the sena said that those questioning the wastage of farm produce during the strike should also answer if there wasnt any wastage when farmers were not agitating.
prices of crude oil have plummeted to lowest levels, but did inflation cease?
last year, there was bumper crop production due to good monsoon, but did prices of vegetables come down ?
three years passed by, but were promises of acche din delivered, the sena asked.
b'concerned after a chopper carrying chief minister devendrafadnavis crash-landed this week, the centre has asked the state government to undertake a thorough inspection of its fleet and, if necessary, procure new aircraft.
the centre reckons the state government can set aside rs 200-250 crore for acquiring new helicopters.
fadnavis was traveling in a sikorsky helicopter purchased in december 2011 during the congress-ncp government for rs 55 crore.
a source in the general administration department (gad) said, the government has just one aircraft, a cessna citation 560 xls brought in 2008, for operations.
a beechcraft super king air 350 and an eurocopter as 365n3 dauphin helicopter have been grounded for some years.
a senior government official said, last month, the cabinet had decided to take a re-look at the state of its aircraft.
the expenditure is being worked out.
it is estimated between rs 20 and rs 23 crore.
but officials admitted given the hectic schedule of fadnavis, the last two-and-a-half years had seen several instances where they had to make last-minute arrangements.
on may 13, during his visit to gadchiroli, the plane carrying fadnavis developed snag.
the non-availability of an alternative aircraft, which had been sent for maintenance, too raised questions.
private planes used for ferrying vips charge rs 75,000 to rs 1.
5 lakh per hour.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)the state governments loan waiver package of rs 30,000 crore has triggered speculation of mid-term polls in maharashtra.
opposition congress and ncp, besides bjps ally shiv sena, are seemingly worried as they feel denial of loan waiver was the biggest weapon they had with them to use against the bjp government in the next elections.
the opposition and the sena believe the samvaad yatra of the bjp across the state reflects that the party is in election mode.
the loan waiver decision has come as a big surprise to us.
sena president uddhav thackeray is abroad on a holiday.
so, we could not discuss the developments.
we can no longer corner the bjp on the loan waiver issue as the financial aid of rs 30,000 crore to 40 lakh farmers is biggest by any state in the country.
the sena should associate with the decision and claim the credit, said a senior shiv sena minister.
though the timing of loan waiver is perceived as a move to tackle the ongoing farmers strike, the loan waiver will be enforced by october 31, 2017.
the date coincides with the completion of fadnavis governments three years.
the cm, however, justified the timing.
to enforce such a mammoth decision, any government will require a few months time.
we have to ensure eligible farmers get the benefits and it is not misused, as was done in the past inviting cag strictures against then congress-ncp government, he said.
citing the examples of up, andhra pradesh and telengana, which have announced loan waiver, fadnavis said, these states have taken few months for actual implementation (of loan waiver) because of procedures that need to be followed.
these states too have decided to waive loans of small and marginal farmers only.
meanwhile, bjp president amit shah is scheduled to visit mumbai from june 16 to 18.
while bjp leaders said the visit would be an exercise to further consolidate the electoral gains made in recent local bodies elections, the opposition is sceptical.
we know bjp can call early elections along with other states any time after november if it believes shiv sena is proving to be a headache in the coalition, said a leader.
ncp leaders ajit pawar and sunil tatkare have decided to start a statewide campaign from june 11.
on june 9, ncp chief sharad pawar has convened a meeting.
alarmed by the loan waiver, mpcc president ashok chavan and senior leader radhakrishna vikhe-patil are also working to increase party activities.
on sunday, vikhe-patil announced that he would adopt 250 families of farmers who committed suicide.
to fund nagpur-mumbai super communication expressway, the government is mulling over levying an additional surcharge on petrol and diesel consumption.
(file) to fund nagpur-mumbai super communication expressway, the government is mulling over levying an additional surcharge on petrol and diesel consumption.
(file)to fund chief minister devendrafadnavis ambitious nagpur-mumbai super communication expressway, the government is mulling over levying an additional surcharge on petrol and diesel consumption.
the option was discussed at a recent meeting chaired by fadnavis.
the road project, which involves building a 701-km expressway, is estimated to cost rs 46,000 crore.
the maharashtra state road development corporation (msrdc), the nodal agency for the project, has plans to raise about rs 27,000 crore in loans, sources said.
in a meeting chaired by the chief minister on march 8, the proposals for mobilising revenue and repayment of the loan were discussed.
the minutes of the meeting reveal that the option of levying surcharge on fuel consumption along the ten districts covered by the expressway for servicing the debt is under the governments active consideration.
these are the various options before us, but we will choose the one that suits the project best.
we will take the decision when we need the finances.
it is currently too early to make a decision, said radheshyam mopalwar, md, msrdc.
the cash-strapped agency also plans to raise subordinate debt from other government agencies.
at the meeting, the plan to raise rs 1,000 crore each from mahara-shtra industrial development corporation (midc), maharashtra housing and development authority (mhada), city and industrial development corporation (cidco) and slum rehabilitation authority (sra) over five years was discussed.
the minutes of the meeting also recorded that the interest payments on the loan raised will be to the tune of rs 2,500 crore annually.
the state government has plans to erect toll stations along the highway to raise revenue.
since the toll revenue may not suffice, there is also a plan to monetise msrdcs land parcels in bandra, nepean sea road and along the mumbai-pune expressway.
just like for other msrdc projects, an special purpose vehicle (spv) is proposed, with the government agency holding 51 percent stake in it.
the creation of an spv is only for financial purposes.
it helps to maintain accounts if we have a separate spv.
we have created spvs for at least 12 of our previous projects, said mopalwar.
the government is facing flak from the opposition and a section of farmers over the acquisition of fertile lands along the corridor.
the option of levying an additional cess on petrol and diesel consumption could spark further protest.
bmc elections: maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) bmc elections: maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)two days after the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) polls delivered a hung verdict, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday ruled out any alliance with the congress for the control of the countrys richest civic body.
bjp wont ally with congress at any point and cost.
whoever (shiv sena) wants to go with them can go, we wont say a single word, fadnavis was quoted as saying by news agency ani.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis during election victory celebrations at bjp office, nariman point on saturday.
(express photo by ganesh shirsekar) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis during election victory celebrations at bjp office, nariman point on saturday.
(express photo by ganesh shirsekar)buoyed by the success of bjp in local body elections in maharashtra, the chief minister hailed prime minister narendra modi for starting transparent politics and added they were getting positive response as all communities have voted for them.
meanwhile, congress leader sanjay nirupam asserted that the party wont ally with shiv sena for the selection of deputy mayor.
he claimed that some leaders from the sena have approached them, adding that they cant ally with communal party that does politics based on caste and religion.
congress could only manage to win 31 of the 227 seats in the civic body.
having been relegated into third position after facing its worst ever rout in mumbai, congress had earlier said it will not do anything that will benefit either the shiv sena or bjp.
read: bmc elections 2017: to checkmate bjp in mumbai, sena and loser congress in talkson the other hand, shiv sena leader sanjay raut dismissed reports of joining hands with congress and insisted that the coveted post of mayor will be held by sena only.
the sena, in an editorial in party mouthpiece saamana, had earlier accused the bjp of using deceitful means to destabilise them.
the party also said it has decided to walk on the path of fire and will continue its fight by not worrying about the consequences.
our fight (with the bjp) will continue.
the war that had started was not only for power but for dharma, ideals and the integrity of maharashtra, the sena had said.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis during election victory celebrations at bjp office, nariman point on saturday.
(express photo by ganesh shirsekar) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis during election victory celebrations at bjp office, nariman point on saturday.
(express photo by ganesh shirsekar)in a stellar performance, the bjp emerged as the largest party in eight of the 10 municipal corporations across maharashtra and also made huge inroads by finishing second (82) to the sena, which won 84 seats, in the latters mumbai bastion.
the bmc polls was also viewed as the battle of prestige for cm fadnavis and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray as they had ended their acrimonious relationship just before the elections.
chief minister devendrafadnavis sanctioned rs 33.
76 lakh to the villager, whose land was acquired for irrigation project.
chief minister devendrafadnavis sanctioned rs 33.
76 lakh to the villager, whose land was acquired for irrigation project.
kesharbai darade of village shevgaon in ahmednagar district of maharashtra on monday finally got justice after 40 years.
chief minister devendrafadnavis sanctioned rs 33.
76 lakh to the villager, whose land was acquired for irrigation project (pazar talav) by the government in 1977.
in 1977, the congress government had acquired the land from the villagers for irrigation projects.
the government had promised rs 2,650 to the darade family for the 1.
88 hectares of land it acquired for the project.
however, over the years the complacent administration failed to pay compensation even after 40 years.
the villagers repeated reminders to successive governments in the last four decades fell on deaf ears.
after learning about the online complaint registration services introduced by state government through -aple sarkar- she lodged her case along with details.
the online services have started from october 2, 2015.
taking note of the complaint, fadnavis cracked the whip on the administration and urged them to deliver justice immediately.
on the first monday of every month, fadnavis spends a few hours through video conference to address citizens complains across 36 districts of maharashtra.
on monday, he interacted with kesharbai and gave audience to her problem.
he pronounced his verdict on the spot by sanctioning rs 35 lakh compensation for the land.
instead of rs 2,650 due in 1977, fadnavis said, the villager should get the compensation as per the market value for the land.
kesharbhai, overwhelmed with instant justice expressed her gratitude with tears in her eyes.
today, fadnavis addressed 25 cases related to ordinary citizens problems and provided justice on the spot.
the complaints were from across districts thane, raigad, nashik, dhule, nandurbar, ahmendnagar, pune, latur, sangli, aurangabad, buldhana, gadchiroli, nanded, pune, jalgaon, palghar, and mumbai suburbs.
obliquely staking a claim for the post of lok sabha deputy speaker, the shiv sena on friday advised the bjp to choose a member from the nda fold for the post instead of running after others who are reluctant.
advertisingthe sena is clearly miffed over reports that bjp is keen on handing over deputy speakers post to the y s jaganmohan reddy-led ysr congress.
the ysr congress is not a constituent of the nda.
the sena, meanwhile, is keen that it should be given the post.
the party, which is the second biggest constituent of the nda after bjp, has only one representative in the narendra modi-led union cabinet.
in an editorial in the party mouthpiece saamana, the sena said the bjp has the majority in parliament and also senas support.
then, what is the need to convince others?
bjp has offered deputy speakers post to y s jaganmohan reddys party, but he has put forth some conditions.
he has conveyed that he will accept the post only after the conditions are fulfilled.
what is the need to go after him?
bjp should find one om birla from the nda for the deputy speakers post, said the editorial.
the senas remarks have come two weeks after it staked a claim for the post, stating it had the natural claim on it.
the senas claim had come few days after getting the single cabinet berth in the modi government.
senas arvind sawant is the only minister at the centre with heavy industries portfolio.
advertisingthe editorial also referred to chief minister devendrafadnavis statements made at the senas foundation day on wedensday.
fadnavis had said that there are no disputes between us about the chief ministers post.
everything will happen as decided.
the cms statement is valuable.
it is the answer by the cm to the media, who is discussing about the cms post in the alliance.
whatever has been decided will happen.
it is the mantra of the alliances coordination.
when we said alliance means equal distribution of everything, the cm heartily acknowledged it.
in short, he came on to the senas dais and cleared all the doubts, it added.
the editorial also justified the cms presence at the senas foundation day event, stating it was the tradition of the sena to call guests to listen to their thoughts.
in less than three months after the make in india week, the state government has already realised investments worth rs 40,000 crore for projects in multiple sectors.
from allocation of land to completion of process for beginning the manufacturing units have been completed.
chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday held a meeting to access the key area results in various departments, including industries.
at the meeting, fadnavis directed the officials in the industries department to pro-actively pursue the investments with electronic giants specially in korea, japan and taiwan.
he also emphasised on the need to expedite the process with companies in mobile phone sectors.
watch video: whats making newsthe chief minister also directed officials to fast-track the realisation of the mous complete with identifying the glitches to ensure smooth execution of projects in core sectors including manufacturing, defence, textile, electronics, infrastructure, housing among others.
in the last three months, government has simultaneously worked on ease of doing business to override the procedural delays that often remained the biggest hurdle in industrial sectors.
while accessing the work progress in the ministry of social justice, the target has been set to complete 50,000 houses for dalits and other backward communities.
fadnavis reiterated that governments commitment to provide roof to every poor dalit and backward family should be done by year 2019.
mumbai hosted the first make in india week in february (13 -18).
of the total 15 lakh crore investments promised, almost rs 8 lakh crore investment was in maharashtra.
farmers throwing vegetables on a road during a protest as part of the maharashtra bandh over various demands in nagpur, maharashtra.
(pti photo) farmers throwing vegetables on a road during a protest as part of the maharashtra bandh over various demands in nagpur, maharashtra.
(pti photo)india received a normal rainfall in 2016  three per cent less than the 100-year average  after reeling under severe drought for two successive years.
in addition, the country registered record food grain production in the same year, as per the official figures of the ministry of agriculture and farmers welfare.
this was 6.
37 per cent higher than last five years average production and 8.
6 per cent more as compared to 2015-16.
the government also boasted of having allocated more budget to agriculture than the previous upa regime with prime minister narendra modi himself promising to double the income of farmers by 2022.
however, all these seemed to have had a little impact on farmers in terms of easing their problems.
now, farmers in two of the largest states of madhya pradesh and maharashtra, which are presently ruled by the bharatiya janata party, have resorted to agitation over a wide-range of issues concerning their livelihood.
so, what has happened since then that the farmers have been forced to protest despite brief spell of relief?
ongoing stir and farmers demands in madhya pradeshaccording to latest reports, protests turned violent as three farmers were killed by police in mandsaur, the epicentre of the agitation which lies 325 kms from the madhya pradesh capital bhopal.
subsequently, curfew was imposed in the area and prohibitory orders were issued in other parts of the district.
they have been protesting since june 1 demanding minimum support price for their farm produce, among other things.
on monday, chief minister shivraj singh chouhan tried to assuage frayed nerves, insisting that his government was taking all the necessary steps to address the issues of the agitating farmers.
he said a price stabilisation fund of rs 1,000 crore would be established to procure the farm produce at the minimum support price (msp).
bhopal : farmers throwing vegetables on a road during their nation-wide strike and agitation over various demands, in bhopal on sunday.
(pti photo) bhopal : farmers throwing vegetables on a road during their nation-wide strike and agitation over various demands, in bhopal on sunday.
(pti photo)the centres decision to demonetise high-value currency notes in november last year came as a severe jolt to farmers as cash is the primary mode of transaction in agriculture sector.
moreover, pandemonium prevailed in different parts of the state as the bharatiya kisan sangh, an organistaion affiliated to the rss, suspended the agitation while others refused to budge.
calling off the agitation, the bks said that the government had accepted most of its demands like buying onions at rs 8 a kg and paying farmers half their dues at mandis in cash and the remaining via electronic transfer to their bank accounts.
meanwhile, bharatiya kisan union, a little-known organisation that is believed to be behind the stir, said the agitation will go on.
maharashtra farmers stira result of up farm loan waiver and plunging crop pricesin early april, the newly-elected bjp government under the leadership of yogi adityanath took a bold step by waiving off farm loan worth rs 36,359 crore.
the move was appreciated by many cutting across various political spectrum.
similar demands were raised by farmers in maharashtra, which witnessed the highest number of farmer suicides between 2014 and 2015.
between 2014 and 2015, the state saw an 18 per cent jump  from 2,568 to 3,030.
marathwada region of the state also faced drought in both years.
the reliance of farmers in marathwada on water-guzzling cash crops such as sugarcane has been cited as one of the reasons for the distress.
the dwindling crop prices is also being viewed as the other reason behind the uprising.
farmers spilling out milk on a road during their state-wide protest over various demands at pingli village in parbhani, maharashtra.
(pti photo) farmers spilling out milk on a road during their state-wide protest over various demands at pingli village in parbhani, maharashtra.
(pti photo)with the farmers taking to the streets and shutting down wholesale markets, vegetable prices have gone up considerably besides the state facing shortage of milk.
as mark of protest, they even dumped produce and milk on the street, and blocked highways while preventing delivery trucks from reaching city markets.
amid mounting pressure, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis promised a loan waiver to small and marginal farmers who were out of the institutional credit system.
however, the agitation showed no signs of abating as it continued for the sixth day today.
finance minister sudhir mungantiwar on tuesday dismissed the concerns raised by the opposition over the accuracy of states economic data.
advertisingraising questions over the accuracy of the gdp numbers, the opposition had on monday  the first day of the discussions of the states budget for 2019-20  accused the government of tweaking the economic data to paint a rosy picture of the burdened state economy.
on tuesday, mungantiwar, in his reply to the discussions on the budget speech, countered the claims of flaws in maharashtras gdp numbers.
he also refuted the opposition claims of jobless growth in the economy.
mungantiwar also announced that the governments much-discussed plan of widening the ambit of the ongoing farm loan waiver scheme will be implemented within a month.
advertisingin his budget speech, the finance minister had announced that the coverage of the scheme would be expanded to cover marginal farmers who had earlier faced technical hurdles to get benefit under the waiver.
reiterating the plan, chief minister devendrafadnavis had later estimated that this would cost the government an additional rs 8,000 crore.
the finance minister also announced that the state will approach the gst council to cut rates on farm equipment.
ncps jayant patil had earlier pointed out that tax rate for several farm equipment was 18 per cent.
countering the opposition, mungantiwar said that he has asked his department to publish number of annual investment and jobs generated since 2000.
he claimed that direct investment of rs 3.
51 lakh crore could be attracted during the five years of bjp rule in the state as compared to rs 1.
79 lakh crore investment during the previous congress-led regime.
economics of growth is not just numbers, mungantiwar said.
advertisingafter independence, mahatma gandhiji had recommended the dissolution of the congress.
today, bjp is strong enough to fulfil his long cherished dream.
in the 2019 assembly elections, we will ensure a congress mukt maharashtra, fadnavis said from atop his mini-bus converted rath at wardha, on the second day of his mahajanadesh yatra.
on friday, the cm travelled to wardha, selu, keljhar, buti bori, hinganghat samudranagar, katol and saoner talukas in vidarbha.
politically, these belts had been congress stronghold.
in the 2014 state polls, of the 62 seats in vidarbha, bjp had won 44, shiv sena four, congress 10, ncp one and independents three.
like on thursday, when he travelled to amravati, fadnavis presented to those who gathered on the road to catch a glimpse of him an audit of what his government has done in the last five years.
he continued to harp on the work undertaken by the government to build 30,000 km of rural road and 20,000 km of state highways.
fadnavis also spoke on how jalyukta shivar has helped farmers to sow at least one decent crop.
advertisingat keljhar in wardha, fadnavis adopted village, he told villagers: i will ensure that every project promised to the people here is implemented.
at every taluka, he presented a report card to the people about area-specific projects.
while interacting with locals in buti bori, he discussed plans to set up an industrial township there.
during the congress-ncp rule, no investor volunteered.
today, we have a large number of industries wanting to explore the new industrial policy whether it is the integrated textile hub at nandgaon peth in amravati or industries in buti bori, the government will leave no stone unturned to bring industrial growth in vidarbha.
meanwhile, when asked by mediapersons why ally shiv sena is not part of his mass contact programme, fadnavis said, the yatra is not of the government.
its a bjp yatra.
the shiv sena is also conducting a yatra of its own.
there is no confusion.
on the issue of seat-sharing with the sena, fadnavis said talks will conclude soon.
there are some areas where we have won, like in nagpur, and they have won in konkan.
there is no scope for either of us in constituencies where one party is strong.
there can be swap of some seats in other areas, he added.
while concluding day 2 of the yatra at saoner in nagpur district, fadnavis said: i am mukhya sevak (chief servant) and not mukhya-mantri (chief minister) in the last five years, while working for you we did not think of ourselves or our families.
we did not open any (private) industries, educational institutes or (created) empire for us we did not let any stain of corruption on us or on our party in the last five years.
every single penny in the treasury was spent for the public.
in maharashtra, only two chief ministers have completed their five-year tenure.
interestingly, both hailed from vidarbha.
one was late vasantrao naik of the congress.
the other is standing before you devendra fadnavis.
your mandate gave me an opportunity to lead maharashtra.
now, i seek your absolute mandate to take maharashtra to greater heights, he added.
b'congress leaders on thursday criticised senior state congress leaders prithviraj chavan, narayan rane and leader of opposition in assembly radhakrishna vikhe patil to separate vidarbha at chandrapur.
congress leaders on thursday criticised senior state congress leaders prithviraj chavan, narayan rane and leader of opposition in assembly radhakrishna vikhe patil to separate vidarbha at chandrapur.
senior congress leaders from the vidarbha region of maharashtra want a separate congress unit for the region.
congress leaders nitin raut, vilas muttemwar and satish chaturvedi on saturday said they would be holding a rally demanding separate vidarbha at chandrapur on august 7.
on thursday, these leaders had addressed a gathering at yavatmal where they criticised senior state congress leaders prithviraj chavan, narayan rane and leader of opposition in assembly radhakrishna vikhe patil for opposing the demand.
rane and others had tried to corner chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp on the issue in the assembly earlier this week.
chavan, rane and vikhe patil are selfish and do not have any emotional bond with vidarbha and therefore ignorant of the sentiments of people there, said raut, who was a minister in chavans cabinet.
he said separate vidarbha issue was on bjps election manifesto.
if the cm is now taking u-turn from his earlier stand (in support of vidarbha state), voters from the region will teach bjp a lesson in the coming local body elections and the 2019 assembly polls, raut said.
madhukar kimatkar, a senior congress leader and a former minister, demanded there should be a separate pradesh congress committee for vidarbha.
we do not expect to get justice from maharashtra pradesh congress committee which is led by people who want united maharashtra, kimatkar said.
raut said they had not discussed the issue with congress president sonia gandhi, but expressed hope that she would support the demand.
devendra fadnavis on thursday thanked prime minister narendra modi for having faith in him and going against caste equations to make him the chief minister of maharashtra in 2014.
advertisingaddressing a rally in nashik, fadnavis said: i express my deep gratitude to the pm for reposing his faith in me to lead the state in 2014.
it was a bold decision, as it did not conform to the traditional norms of social engineering.
in 2014, modis decision to put fadnavis at the helm had created a flutter as he belonged to the brahmin community, which has a votebank of not more than 3.
5 per cent.
moreover, in the past, maharashtra has had cms mostly belonging to the maratha community, which has a vote bank of 32 per cent.
read | maharashtras turn to make use of fadnavis leadership qualities, says pmadvertisingmaintaining that the support he has received from the people during his mahajanadesh yatra was very humbling, fadnavis said, two projects still remain to be accomplished related to making every village water reliant.
the projects we have planned will make maharashtra drought free.
taking a dig at the opposition, the cm said: during the yatra, i presented the audit of the work that the governments has done in five years.
ncp chief sharad pawar ridiculed us.
while they have always behaved like feudal monarchs, we work as peoples sevaks.
therefore, people defeated them in the 2014 polls.
people will reject them again in the 2019 polls, he added.
along the yatra route, people have donated rs 350 crore for those affected by drought and flood, fadnavis said.
it was amazing to see people in drought-hit areas donating to help flood-ravaged people in western maharashtra.
it was very humbling, he added.
at the end of the three-phased yatra, the cm has travelled 4,092 km, covering 140 assembly constituencies across vidarbha, marathwada, western maharashtra, north maharashtra and konkan.
it has been a socio-spiritual journey  from gram rajya to ram rajya, he said.
slamming the pune municipal corporation (pmc) for allegedly not taking steps to check illegal advertisements in the city, activist qaneez sukhrani claimed that civic officials and police were not taking a bombay high court order on the matter seriously.
advertisingthe bombay high court had issued an order on january 31, 2017, on a pil regarding illegal skysigns.
about a year after the high court order, people started violating it openly.
i have already filed a contempt petition last year against pmc for violation of court order, she said, claiming it meant that no one in the pmc and the police had taken the trouble to read the directive.
senior pmc officials, the district collector and the state government are not taking the contempt petition seriously, which speaks volumes above the administrative lacunae and lack of accountability in pune, sukhrani said.
last week, to welcome chief minister devendrafadnavis for his mahajandesh yatra, the pmc allowed the bjp to put up illegal hoardings, flexes, banners, buntings and posters, which completely defaced the citys skyline and the environment.
the pmc ignored these large-scale violations that bjp politicians resorted to.
looking at this, other parties like ncp, congress, shiv sena and aap also took advantage and jumped on the bandwagon by putting up their illegal skysigns, she added.
advertisingit has been reported that 4,331 illegal skysigns were removed, sukhrani said, but added, the figure of illegal skysigns erected is at least 20 times higher than before and it is the administrations duty to ensure that no illegality is allowed.
she said statements by political leaders, including the chief ministers remarks saying he would stop party leaders from putting up hoardings, were not right when there was a high court order on the issue.
in view of the high court order, the pmc must reply as to why it will not file a police complaint against violators, those who have put up illegal skysigns and their political parties.
why should public money pay for expenses incurred for the removal of offences and violations?
she said.
b'chief minister devendrafadnavis (file) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file)on march 13, 2015, the maharashtra government set up a medical assistance cell (mac) to facilitate the disbursal of money to cover medical expenses of the poor under the chief ministers relief fund.
within a year, an official linked to the cmrf raised at least two red flags, warning of inconsistencies in the way funds were being sanctioned.
finally, on september 7, 2017, cm devendrafadnavis ordered the setting up of a high-level monitoring committee, under principal secretary (public health) dr pradeep vyas, to review claims under cmrf.
the same day, the public health department asked state-run hospitals to exercise utmost caution while certifying medical records in such cases.
over the last two days, the indian express analysed rti records to report how the cmrf, a charity fund, was getting derailed at the implementation stage, with stolen identities, fake records, proxy applicants, inflated medical estimates and dubious income certificates used to claim benefits.
reacting to these findings, fadnavis promised strict action against those fraudulently claiming benefits.
the indian express has also learnt that on december 30, 2015, the then assistant director (fund and audit) of cmrf, vaishali patil, wrote to the cmo highlighting discrepancies in disbursal of funds.
she followed up with an email on february 16, 2016, the day she was moved out of the cmrf.
in her communication, patil cautioned that it shall be difficult for the chief ministers secretariat and the chief ministers relief fund trust to defend actions, if the inconsistencies were to be ever become publicread | norms will be tightened to check misuse of cmrf: cmoan applicant exits the chief ministers relief fund cell in mantralaya, mumbai.
(express photo/ganesh shirsekar ) an applicant exits the chief ministers relief fund cell in mantralaya, mumbai.
(express photo/ganesh shirsekar )some of the key points raised include:* approvals were granted in some cases without mandatory clearance from a committee comprising doctors, health experts and cmo officials.
for instance, on december 19, 2015, the mac approached the chief minister directly for approval in 20 applications as a special case without placing them before the committee.
* referring to a report from the solapur district collector, dated february 3, 2016, which noted that some beneficiaries had submitted fudged records, patil warned that a detailed scrutiny would bring out more bogus cases.
* in many cases, money was disbursed multiple times to the same patient in violation of norms.
read | dead get cash, bills are fudged: maharashtra financial assistance scheme for poor is ailing* given the rate at which the cmrf payments were being made for medical assistance, the fund, which is also used for relief during natural calamities, would get exhausted within two years.
rti records show the cmo disbursed over rs 237 crore for medical assistance from the cmrf in 23,267 cases between november 2014 and november 2017.
the records show the cmrfs main savings bank account had a balance of about rs 185 crore on november 27, 2017, with another rs 20 crore in three other accounts linked to the fund for farmer relief and drought mitigation.
contacted by the indian express, patil, now attached to the thane district collectors office, declined comment.
speaking to the indian express monday, omprakash shete, officer on special duty in charge of mac, had said: our priority has been to save the lives of poor people.
a committee of doctors evaluates applications before they are sanctioned.
we are now in the process of putting in place more checks and safeguards.
rti records show that despite the red flags, funds continued to be disbursed without adequate verification.
for instance, on october 10, 2017, the cmo sanctioned rs 3 lakh to be deposited in the account of deenanath mangeshkar hospital in pune to cover a bone marrow transplant for 11-year-old manish sadaphal, the son of a farmer from ahmednagar.
manish had died four days after undergoing the procedure on august 25, 2017, doctors confirmed.
documents show that on october 24, 2017, his case was considered again for cmrf assistance, and another rs 1 lakh released to the hospital.
the first application was submitted on july 17, 2017, and the second on august 4, 2017.
read | gynaecologist treating men, inflated bills and dummy applicantsdocuments show that in violation of norms, the application included two estimates from the hospital issued on different dates, with both certified by the government civic surgeon at the ahmednagar general hospital.
the certificate of original estimate is normally issued only once.
our records show that this was the case for sadaphal, with an certificate issued on july 31, 2017.
if it has been issued twice, it would be due to some mistake, said dr sameer melinkeri, who performed the procedure on manish.
opposition party leaders at a save constitution rally held in mumbai friday afternoon.
(express photo by amit chakravarty) opposition party leaders at a save constitution rally held in mumbai friday afternoon.
(express photo by amit chakravarty)in what could be a preview of 2019 general election, 18 leaders of opposition parties of varied hues held a silent rally in mumbai on friday under the banner of save constitution, and the bjp, leader of the ruling coalition at both the centre and in maharashtra, countered it by evoking cultural nationalism through a tiranga rally later in the afternoon.
each side accused the other of undermining the constitution.
led by ncp president sharad pawar, leaders and representatives of opposition parties marched from the b r ambedkar statue opposite university of mumbai at fort to the gateway of india in south mumbai.
slogans or speeches were not made during the silent rally.
the bjp rally was led by city bjp chief ashish shelar and covered the distance between chaityabhoomi in dadar to kamgar maidan at elphinstone, in central mumbai, where maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis took on the opposition leaders and asked,  what right do they have to talk of the constitution?
.
why did they never express their gratitude to ambedkar when in power?
sending out a call to all opposition parties, pawar said at the end of the two-hour rally, we have to save the indian constitution, which is under threat from the bjp government.
all like-minded parties and leaders across country have come together to make this (saving the constitution) a common cause.
while indicating that he harbours no bitterness towards the congress, pawar said the ncp is willing to enter a political alliance with the main opposition party.
he clarified that ncp will have no truck with the shiv sena, which has announced that it will contest 2019 polls from outside the bjp-led nda.
maharashtra cm at the bjp organised tiranga rally in mumbai.
(express photo by amit chakravarty) maharashtra cm at the bjp organised tiranga rally in mumbai.
(express photo by amit chakravarty)among top leaders who took part in the opposition rally were congresss prithviraj chavan, ashok chavan, sushilkumar shinde, alpesh thakor, trinamool congresss dinesh trivedi, cpi(m)s sitaram yechury, cpis d raja, national conference leader omar abdullah, ncp leaders praful patel and d p tripathi, rebel jd(u) leader sharad yadav, gujarats patidar leader hardik patel, and swabhimani sanghatana leader raju shetti, the convener of the rally.
eminent lawyer ram jethmalani also participated in it.
sharad yavad said, their (bjp-led governments) communal agenda is undermining the basic fundamental rights of individuals.
this agenda is carried out sometimes in the name of cow vigilantism and at times in the garb of religion.
abdullah said, it is time we save the constitution to save the country.
now even schoolchildren have to face violence in the name of banning a film (referring to the attack on a gurgaon schoolbus).
what kind of law and order, and government, do we have?
raju shetti said, we wanted to convey a message of solidarity against violation of constitution.
it was served.
at kamgar maidan, fadnavis said, today, all 18 leaders and parties who have taken refuge under save constitution are worried about their political future.
babasaheb ambedkars constitution has in-built strength which no force in the world can ever threaten or alter.
it does not require anybodys help to save itself.
those rallying under the constitution know they are facing political threat after being rejected by the people.
he said, if indian democracy has survived and emerged stronger, it is because of the constitution, which is among the best in the world.
if the constitution was ever undermined, it was during the congress rule, when emergency was imposed in 1975.
ajoy mehta, till recently the municipal commissioner of mumbai, on monday took over as maharashtras new chief secretary.
outgoing chief secretary ups madan handed over charge to mehta.
advertisingin his first assignment as chief secretary, mehta attended meetings convened by chief minister devendrafadnavis to review the drought situation in six districts  pune, sangli, satara, amravati, nagpur and chandrapur.
as chief secretary, mehtas biggest administrative challenge is the severe drought in the state.
the government has already declared 151 talukas out of a total 355 talukas as drought-hit.
the centre has provided rs 4,714 crore for drought-relief measures in maharashtra.
mehta, a 1984-batch ias officer, completed his btech from banaras hindu university and did his mba from the uk.
he also studied law at mumbai university.
beginning his administrative career as a probationary officer in dhule district, mehta later served as deputy district collector (ahmednagar) and municipal commissioner (nashik).
among the other posts he has held in his career include director of horticulture, chairman and managing director of maharashtra state electricity board, principal secretary of department of energy and department of environment.
b'adarsh housing scam: former maharashtra chief minister ashok chavan will now face prosecution, after the governor gave his sanction.
adarsh housing scam: former maharashtra chief minister ashok chavan will now face prosecution, after the governor gave his sanction.
maharashtra governor c h vidyasagar rao gave approval thursday to the cbi to prosecute former chief minister ashok chavan in the adarsh cooperative housing scandal.
the decision comes a week after the state council of ministers gave their consent to initiate the probe against chavan in the case.
raj bhawan sources said: the governor has given sanction to the cbi to prosecute ashok chavan.
in 2013, then governor k sankaranarayanan had denied permission to the cbi to prosecute chavan.
in first remarks, chavan called it a case of political vindictiveness of the bjp government.
the cbis re-application to prosecute me in the adarsh case is illegal.
they are targeting me as i have been voicing my concerns and exposing government failure in the state and at the centre, he said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis rejected chavans allegation and defended the decision of his cabinet to give a go-ahead in the case, holding there was sufficient ground for it.
the cbi said that after the last governor rejected permission to prosecute ashok chavan, a new set of facts were discovered which clearly proves quid pro quo, that is, he gives permissions and his close relatives get flats.
thus, the cbi once again asked the governor to permit it to prosecute chavan, fadnavis told pti.
a lok sabha member from nanded and the state congress president, chavan had to step down as chief minister after the scandal in 2010.
he was among 12 persons chargesheeted by the cbi in connection with the case.
he was chosen by sonia gandhi to lead the state congress after the rout in the lok sabha and assembly elections.
the cbi alleged that chavan suggested inclusion of civilian members in the adarsh housing society, meant for war veterans and widows of defence personnel, to secure flats for his relatives in the complex situated at colaba in south mumbai.
the adarsh commission report stated that the allocation of flats to seema vinod sharma, vinod sharma and madanlal sharma could not be pure coincidence.
while vinod sharma is chavans brother-in-law, madanlal sharma is his father-in-law.
the report has also objected to his decision as revenue minister in overlooking non-deduction of 15 per cent recreation ground while issuing additional floor space index to the multi-storeyed building in colaba.
the adarsh chs had never applied to the ministry of environment and forests for coastal regulation zone clearance through maharashtra coastal zone management authority, the report stated.
environmental clearance was mandatory since the land on which the residential structure was built falls in the crz-11 category.
cbi spokesperson rk gaur told the indian express thursday: we have got the sanction to prosecute and the same has been communicated to the trial court.
however, trial in the case by the special cbi court in mumbai will commence only when all petitions before the supreme court are heard and decided.
cbi sources said the governors reply will be vetted by the legal department of the agency which will prepare its case, in case chavan decides to contest the governors decision.
chavan has the option of applying before the supreme court against the prosecution sanction granted by the incumbent governor as the erstwhile governor, k sankaranarayanan, in 2013 had turned down the cbis proposal to prosecute chavan, cbi sources said.
the agency has cited the report of justice patil commission of enquiry as fresh evidence while appealing before the governor to review its decision in october 2015.
mumbai: maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar during a pannel discussion held after announcing maharashtra budget in mumbai on saturday.
(pti photo) mumbai: maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar during a pannel discussion held after announcing maharashtra budget in mumbai on saturday.
(pti photo)the maharashtra government has allocated less funds for the welfare of minorities in the state budget for financial year 2017-18.
in the budget presented yesterday in the state assembly, the allocation for the welfare of minorities was rs 350 crore as compared to rs 405 crore in 2016-17.
various schemes for scholarships, training of minority youth and creation of basic amenities in minority residential areas are undertaken through this fund.
out of the rs 350 crore allocated for 2017-18, rs 125 crore has been earmarked for improving the settlements of minorities and providing various basic facilities in rural and urban areas.
state finance minister sudhir mungantiwar, while presenting the budget, yesterday said that training is being provided to students of minority category to appear for competitive exams like upsc, mpsc, banking services and others.
further, skill training is also provided.
an amount of rs 8 crore is being provided for this initiative, he said.
aimim mla waris pathan expressed unhappiness over the budgetary allocation for welfare of minorities.
he said, the government, which talks about sabha saath-sabha vikas, has not increased the budget for minorities to rs 1,000 crore as was being demanded.
(file)land records in 40,913 villages across maharashtra will be digitised by august 1, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced on tuesday.
he said, we have already introduced an online application system for seeking revenue land records specially in rural areas.
eight lakh revenue land records have been digitised.
the digitisation of 2.
5 crore land records would be completed by august 1, 2018, he said.
expressing concern over hardships people had to face in the past in the absence of a digital process, he observed, in the past, a farmer had to hop departments to get the revenue land record.
now, the advanced online mechanism helps them to apply and immediately get the digitised land record.
two days after writing to the election commission to relax the model code of conduct in order to fast track drought relief measures, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday directed all ministers to tour their respective districts to provide relief and announced that rs 4,412-crore funds have been disbursed to 68 lakh farmers so far.
advertisingfadnavis issued the directive while chairing a cabinet meeting to discuss short and long-term measures for drought mitigation.
the cabinet also discussed and adopted a resolution condemning the naxal attack against 15 police personnel and a private vehicle driver at gadchiroli.
briefing the media after the meeting, the chief minister said, the india meteorological departments prediction of a possibly delayed monsoon was a cause for concern.
even if the monsoon is delayed by a week or fortnight, it would call for greater preparations to meet all the challenges, especially sustained supply of drinking water and cattle fodder.
fadnavis also reiterated his hope that the cec would relax its norms for the model code of conduct.
already rs 4,412 crore have been disbursed for crop loss to 68 lakh farmers out of a total 82 lakh.
apart from this, rs 3,200 crore under the prime minister crop insurance would also be disbursed to eligible farmers shortly, he said.
advertisingthe cabinet issued a directive for district collectors to factor in the increase in population as per 2018 data rather than the 2011 census, and asked them to sanction more water tankers to tackle scarcity in rural parts of the state.
on relief measures for cattle, the chief minister said, rs 90 has been sanctioned per day for big animals, and rs 45 per day for smaller animals.
it is slightly higher than the national disaster relief fund (ndrf) guidelines.
since fodder cultivation was carried out on 58 lakh hectares of land, in anticipation of a summer crisis, the chief minister said there was no shortage on that front.
on low water levels in dams across maharashtra, fadnavis said, at jaikwadi, live water stock is over.
the water is being drawn from dead level.
but there is still plenty of water.
in drought-prone districts, people are being enrolled under the mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee act (mgnrega).
at the moment, 2.
75 to 3 lakh people are enrolled under the scheme.
maharashtra was also among the states adversely impacted by the heat wave.
but following low-pressure build-up in the bay of bengal, temperatures will become moderate.
this would also help in bringing down the demand for water tankers gradually.
bjp workers launched a signature campaign at lalbaug on tuesday.
prashant nadkar bjp workers launched a signature campaign at lalbaug on tuesday.
prashant nadkarunrest over sentencing of indian national kulbhushan jadhav in pakistan was felt outside parliament on tuesday.
jadhav has been sentenced to death.
in jadhavs hometown mumbai, political parties led symbolic protests.
while the maharashtra congress launched a signature campaign across districts protesting against pakistans move, the maharashtra navnirman sena on tuesday carried out a demonstration outside dadars sena bhavan where protestors burnt the pakistani national flag.
a delegation of bjp members met fadnavis urging him to ask the centre to do something to help jadhav.
bjp mla ashish shelar later presented a memorandum to ranjnath singh requesting help to jadhav.
bjps ally shiv sena too has sought united nations intervention in the matter.
the mns is also scheduled to hold a bike rally in jadhavs support in dadar and mahim areas in mumbai on april 13.
six months after chief minister devendrafadnavis convened a meeting in aurangabad after the council of ministers completed a three-day tour of the drought-stricken region, the cabinet will once again meet in aurangabad tuesday, this time to discuss the measures to be taken after floods destroyed almost 50 per cent of the kharif crops in the districts of latur, beed, osmanabad and nanded in marathwada region.
apart from the marathwada floods, 25 policy decisions on long-term water management to tackle both drought and floods are likely to be discussed in the special cabinet meeting.
what what else is in the newsthe government believes the erratic climatic changes that lead to drought, hailstorm and floods in maharashtra require a thorough scientific study to tackle the causes and its solution.
what has alarmed the state is the failure of the india meteorological department (imd) to predict the intensity of the floods.
the preliminary reports from districts indicate 50 per cent kharif crops have been washed out due to floods.
the farmers growing soyabean, cotton and jowari will be among the worst hit.
the exact crop loss both in terms of area of cultivation and financial would be ascertained once the water in the fields recede, said agriculture minister pandurang phundkar.
admitting that the floods were unexpected, he said, there were no reports of floods from the imd.
it had indicated rains.
of the total 149 lakh hectares of crops sown, soyabean accounted for a stretch of 35 lakh hectares.
the remaining stretch covered cotton, jowari, tur dal, moong, udat and others.
at an internal session before the cabinet meeting, sources said, chief minister devendrafadnavis indicated that financial help to the farmers who suffered crop losses would be given higher priority.
the district collectors, along with revenue department and agriculture department officials, are learnt to have been asked to provide the estimate on crop loss and agriculture area affected by the floods.
the meeting decided the sugarcane crushing season would commence from december 1.
finance minister sudhir mungantiwar said, there are already set guidelines on relief that needs to be extended to the farmers when hit by natural calamities.
the government will surely extend all possible help.
highly placed sources said the aurangabad cabinet meeting was initially supposed to discuss development projects to tackle the problems related to agriculture and employment, but the floods would now shift the focus on the immediate relief that could be provided to the affected people.
at the cabinet meeting, an additional rs 4,500 crore, as per the revised cost estimate, would be allocated for two mega irrigation projects that have been in the pipeline for the last two decades.
a comprehensive district-wise plan for skill development projects to train the unemployed youths, coupled with water management through water grid projects worth rs 15,000 crore, is likely to be discussed at the meeting.
once the actual losses are ascertained, the possibility of the state government seeking more aid from the centre to override the crisis cannot be ruled out.
b'in order to bring down the subsidies provided to farmers for electricity connections, the state government is exploring various options, including solar energy.
the vision document 2030 indicated the electricity connections for agriculture pumps would rise sharply from current 40 lakh to 60 lakh in next one decade.
as a result, the total expenditure on power subsidy for agriculture sector in next 10 years would cross rs 65,000 crore.
highly placed sources in the agriculture and power departments said at present the state provides electricity to farmers for agriculture pumps at 0.
85 paise per unit, however, the actual cost of power falls between rs 4.
50 and rs 5 per unit.
the difference is recovered in the form of cross subsidy from the industries and commercial consumers across the state.
while explaining the challenges in the power sector vis--vis agriculture, officials said they received the mandate from chief minister devendrafadnavis to ensure that maximum number of farmers get the connections at the earliest.
the state government was of the opinion that providing separate solar feeder for agriculture sector could be a workable model in the next two years.
the state government has sanctioned pilot projects which would be extended across the state in coming year.
while the government intended to continue subsidy to farmers, it wanted a model that would help farmers with 24 hours uninterrupted power supply for better agriculture practices.
according to departments data, in the year 2015-16, maharashtra state electricity distribution company limited (mahavitran) provided new electricity connection to 1.
30 lakh agriculture pumps.
it has set the same target of 1.
30 lakh for year 2016-17.
almost attaining its target of one lakh, so far.
almost 40 lakh farmers who avail the electricity subsidy for agriculture pumps were provided rs 4,790.
89 crore in 2016-17, as against rs 4,519.
10 crore a year before.
earlier, the chief minister had indicated that solar feeder model was workable and economical in the long term for the farmers.
apart from facilitating extended hours of power, and after the initial installation cost, the solar model works out to be cheaper.
b'a police recruitment drive in progress.
cid officials say they have started gathering documents and the probe is on.
express file a police recruitment drive in progress.
cid officials say they have started gathering documents and the probe is on.
express filein july this year, pune police, working on a specific input, brought to light eight instances in which dummy candidates had appeared for the written exam for police recruitment held in april.
in april, ratnagiri police arrested seven persons, including a constable from aurangabad police, for providing dummy candidates for an ongoing police recruitment drive in the district.
nanded police are currently investigating a case in which 30 dummy candidates had appeared for government recruitment exams over the past one year.
surprisingly, all the candidates for whom these dummy candidates appeared are from one village in kinwat taluka of nanded district.
the key suspect in the case is a former government employee.
the state criminal investigation department (cid) has now begun investigation into the cases of dummy candidates appearing for various government exams in maharashtra.
the particular cases that are currently being probed by the cid have been brought to fore by 26-year-old political science graduate yogesh jadhav, a civil services aspirant, who has filed several rti applications to unearth the facts.
he has alleged that there is an organised racket, which involves even serving government employees who have appeared as dummy candidates.
jadhav got curious when he found that several youths from his native village mandvi, nanded, had sold or mortgaged their ancestral land or houses to pay a middleman for their selection into government jobs of peons, clerks or security officers.
many of them had even got selected.
jadhav filed several rti applications seeking hall tickets, application forms filed by many candidates.
i found that there were discrepancies in the individual sets of documents.
i approached nanded police and a fir was filed.
the key suspect in the case, pramod rathod, who used to be a class iii government employee, has amassed huge wealth.
the anti-corruption bureau has conducted an inquiry on him.
sanjay yenpure, superintendent of police of nanded, said that their team is in the process of getting the documents and signatures verified from experts and arrests will be made only after the process is over.
asked on how the dummy candidate operates, jadhav said,most of the times, it is done by tampering with the hall ticket of the written exam.
the dummy candidate is of the same age as that of the candidate and generally has similar physical attributes.
once the written exam is cleared, the actual candidate appears for the interview.
there are several exams for government posts where no interview takes place.
such malpractices are not possible without the support of someone from within the system or someone who knows the way around, said jadhav.
jadhav has information about nearly 1,000 cases in which dummy candidates have appeared for the written exams of class iii and iv government posts across maharashtra.
jadhav recently approached maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on july 23.
the cm then directed the cid to conduct a probe into these cases.
cid chief additional director general of police sanjay kumar told the indian express that the agency has initiated a probe into the cases.
sources from the cid said that the agency has started gathering documents about these cases for further investigation.
jadhavs fight till now has not been easy.
i have received several threats but i will continue to fight, he said.
the mmrda on friday approved the detailed project report (dpr) of the wadala-ghatkopar-kasarvadavli metro and gave a green light to the project.
the approval was given during the mmrdas 140th authority meeting which was presided over by chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is also the chairman of the mmrda.
the dpr for the 32-km line was prepared by the delhi metro rail corporation which is to be built at a cost of rs 14,549 crore.
the mmrda hopes to complete the project by 2021 and has sent the project to the state government for its final approval.
the metro will have 32 stops and snake through bhakti park metro, wadala tt, anik nagar bus depot, suman nagar, siddharth colony, amar mahal junction, garodia nagar, pant nagar, laxmi nagar, shreyas cinema, godrej company, vikhroli metro, surya nagar, gandhi nagar, naval housing, bhandup mahapalika, bhandup metro, shangrila, sonapur, mulund fire station, mulund naka, teen haath naka (thane), rto thane, mahapalika marg, cadbury junction, majiwada, kapurbawdi, manpada, tikuji-ni-wadi, dongri pada, vijay garden, kasarvadavli.
a 30-hectare car depot will be set up at owale.
this project will connect the thane area with the city of mumbai.
while the authority recommended mmrda as the special planning authority for the metro-4 corridor, it also recommended the project to be recognised as public interest project and vital urban transport project.
mumbai municipal commissioner ajoy mehta has been appointed as maharashtras new chief secretary, a cmo official said friday.
advertisingmehta succeeds ups madan who has been named as the special advisor to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , the official said.
mehta, a 1984 batch ias officer is scheduled to retire in september this year.
the congress will hold public rallies at various places in maharashtra to counter chief minister devendrafadnavis statewide yatra.
advertisingaccording to congress election campaign managers, the rallies will counter the claims and promises made by fadnavis during his ongoing yatra.
launching his mass outreach programme  mahajanadesh yatra  on august 1, fadnavis, who is being projected by the bjp as the chief ministerial face, has claimed the first five years of his government had done more than double the work undertaken by the congress-ncp regime, which was in power for 15 years.
with senior congress leaders opining that there was a need to counter the cms campaign, the party has decided to launch its mahapardaphash sabha from august 26.
the first gathering  to be held in vidarbhas amravati  will see participation of national leaders including ghulam nabi azad and mallikarjun kharge.
advertisingcongress campaign committee chairman nana patole, a former bjp mp who joined the congress in 2018, has alleged that fadnavis was selling a lie.
while patole will spearhead the initiative, sources said that the party also has plans to project its leadership in each region in the state with the help of the initiative.
the plan is to organise an issue-based negative campaign that targets the failures of the fadnavis government, sources said.
youth campaignmeanwhile, in another attempt to reach out to the youth, the maharashtra youth congress has launched an innovative campaign  main bhi nayak  where youngsters will be encouraged to share their vision of maharashtra on a competitive and interactive forum.
the party has said that those shortlisted through the programme will get the opportunity to spend a day with the chief ministers of punjab, rajasthan and madhya pradesh.
the party had earlier announced plans to bring out a dedicated election manifesto for the youth.
(representational image) (representational image)the bjp on thursday ended the sharad pawar-led ncps 10-year-long reign in the pune municipal corporation (pmc) and adjoining pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation (pcmc).
the ncp managed to keep the bjp from gaining power in pune zilla parishad.
the bjp won 98 of the 162 seats in the pmc, managing a near-majority.
in the 128-member pcmc, it won 77 seats.
in the 2012 elections, the bjp had won 26 seats in the pmc and only three seats in pcmc.
months before the civic poll dates were announced, the bjp had sharpened its focus on pmc and pcmc.
it had brought in many senior leaders for this initiative, with chief minister devendrafadnavis leading from the front in the campaign to take on the ncp on its home turf.
bjp leader and rajya sabha mp sanjay kakade and party legislator laxman jagtap were given the task of inducting disgruntled leaders from other parties in the bjp.
the strategy worked, with most of these candidates emerging as winners.
watch video | a quick look at final tally of bmc election & pmc election results 2017the fight for power in the pmc, which many had expected to be a close one, became a one-sided affair, with the ncp winning only 38 seats in the civic body and 36 seats in the pcmc.
in the 2012 civic elections, the ncp had won 51 seats in the pmc and 83 in the pcmc.
the shiv sena came third in the pmc, with 10 seats, and the congress won nine seats.
it had won 28 seats in 2012.
the shiv sena was in third position in pcmc, winning nine seats.
the congress drew a blank.
its a vote against corruption and vote in favour of transparency and good governance, said mla jagtap, the president of bjps pimpri-chinchwad unit.
the results of the pune zilla parishad and panchayat samiti elections were the only saving grace for the ncp in pune district, with the party securing a comfortable victory.
the ncp secured 44 seats in the 75-member pune zilla parishad, while the shiv sena was the runner-up with 13 seats.
the bjp came a distant third, winning seven seats.
the congress also managed to win seven seats.
the ncp, in fact, won two seats more than it did in the 2012 civic polls.
in the panchayat samiti election, the ncp won 78 seats, followed by the sena, which won 32 seats.
the bjp and congress won 17 and 16 seats, respectively.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
pti photo maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
pti photomaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis friday said change will happen in the state irrespective of whoever comes along with bjp, shortly after shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray announced his party will go solo in next months civic polls in mumbai and other places.
power is not our ultimate goal but its a medium of development.
we will take along those who come with us and leave aside those who dont.
transparent administration is our agenda.
change will happen irrespective of those who come with us, fadnavis said in a statement.
watch video | shiv sena breaks 25-year alliance with bjp in maharashtra, to go solo in bmc electionswhile sena is a junior alliance partner in the bjp-led nda governments at centre and in maharashtra, the uddhav thackeray-led party is a ruling party in cash-rich brihanmumbai municipal corporation, where it has been in power with the bjp for over two decades.
reacting to the development, the bjp state unit president raosaheb danve said the state government will complete its full term as thackeray has not said anything on senas continuance in the state government.
the government is strong and will last its full term, he said.
on thackerays decision that sena will not forge alliance for upcoming civic elections, danve said, we were keen for an alliance for the civic polls on the agenda of corruption-free and transparent administration.
we are confident that bjp will win all civic bodies on its own.
mumbai unit bjp chief ashish shelar said he would comment on the development only at the partys vijay sankalp rally scheduled to be held at the same ground in suburban goregaon where senas rally was held today, on january 28.
ten municipal corporations, including mumbai, pune and nashik will go to polls on february 21.
b'the recruitment process of around 8,000 police constables is underway in maharashtra (representational) the recruitment process of around 8,000 police constables is underway in maharashtra (representational)the controversy surrounding a 29-year-old police constables request to the maharashtra government to undergo a sex reassignment surgery, has prompted the state police to include gender determination test in their recruitment process.
lalita salve, who now prefers to be called lalit, met chief minister devendrafadnavis last month seeking his permission to undergo the surgery and be retained in the police force as a male police constable after the procedure.
till now, we did not have a gender determination test during police recruitment.
however, going by this case, we felt the need to introduce such a test to avoid complications in future, rajkumar vhatkar, inspector general of police (establishment), told pti in mumbai today.
the recruitment process of around 8,000 police constables is underway in maharashtra, he said, adding the gender determination test will be included during the process.
besides physical tests, the police force is including the gender test to avoid male candidates being selected in the female category, another police official said.
this case is unique for the 1.
80-lakh-strong police constabulary in maharashtra.
salve grew up as a woman and was recruited as a woman police constable, he said.
salve moved the bombay high court in november, seeking a direction to the dgp to grant salve leave to undergo the surgery.
salve also sought a months leave for the surgery, but it was rejected by beed police authorities, after which the constable approached the high court.
later, fadnavis asked the dgp to consider salves case favourably.
salve is a member of the all-women patrolling team called damini squad, formed to keep eve-teasers at bay, at majalgaon in beed district.
when salve met fadnavis last month, the latter asked dgp satish mathur to take a quick decision in the case.
after meeting the chief minister, salve had appeared hopeful of getting permission for the surgery and of being retained as a male police constable.
while children in the city get ready to go back to school after summer vacation, for 15 children in jambhulpada, a hilly tribal hamlet in palghars eastern fringes, the coming four months will be a time to rejoice.
the only zilla parishad school will remain shut until october.
for the village elderly, however, there is reason to worry.
this is our story every monsoon, septuagenarian sanguni damo badur says as she stares at a barren trough that she knows will soon flood with heavy rains.
her wrinkled face creases further, over the years, i have lost count of the number of times we have asked for a bridge or at least a road to this village.
every monsoon four padas in kurlod jambhulpada, raipada, sedasyachapada, amdesyapada  remain cut from the entire district when heavy rains swell streams leaving padas sandwiched between steep hills on one side and the river on the other.
a meeting between public works department (pwd) and district collector on monday showed there are five such padas that get isolated during rains in palghar, one of the tribal-dominated regions in maharashtra.
when there is an urgent need for medicines, men who know how to swim go across the river to closest primary health centre (phc), asha worker ranjana sonu pophane said.
last year, there were three deliveries done at home by a local midwife in jambhulpada.
villagers claim if a pregnant woman is critical, the only way to reach a hospital is to tie her to bamboo sticks and carry her uphill which takes an hour on foot before a 108 emergency ambulance can be reached.
the golden hour is lost by then.
in haemorrhage cases where there is heavy bleeding during delivery, nothing can be done, dr ganesh ahir, medical officer at phc, said.
in 2014, social activist jayshree bhore remembers death of a pregnant woman due to haemorrhage in a jambhulpada hut during monsoons.
there was nothing we could do.
our ngo gives first aid to all such hamlets before monsoons but for critical cases, there is nowhere to go, she adds.
accredited social health activist or asha stocks four months of wheat and rice for children in the hamlet where currently at least four malnourished children reside.
there is no anganwadi in the hamlet.
the local phc gives her advance medicine supply for diarrhoea, fever, vomiting and water-borne infections.
the padas have an estimated 300 population.
but immunisation of children, lactating or pregnant women is impossible during this time, bhore adds.
jambhulpada has one zilla parishad school till fourth class where 15 children study under one teacher.
the teacher stops coming from june until october fearing he may get drowned in the stream.
villager jairam sitaram claims they have made several representations in front of local politicians to construct a bridge connecting kurlod to jambhulpada.
eight months after the order, the government is still gearing up to deal with yet another monsoon and there is no road network to reach these isolated hamlets.
since we cannot immediately construct roads or a bridge, for now we have supplied wheat and rice for next four months to all such hamlets.
our department will submit a report to state government for funds to improve connectivity, palghar collector dr prashant narnawre said.
in 2016, aarohan, an ngo, built a cement pathway connecting kurlod and jambhulpada.
but if water level rises beyond it, it will become useless, says villager shivaji gode.
state health minister deepak sawant claimed that a mapping of 108 emergency ambulance service has been done to connect sensitive regions with health posts.
sitting outside his mud hut where sacks of rice their treasured food for the next few months lay preserved, sitaram smiles, we have lived our entire life waiting for a road.
our grandchildren have learnt to live with infection during every monsoon.
with the dates for the assembly elections likely to be announced any day now, city units of major political parties have already set up their social media war rooms here.
advertisingtaking the lead, the bjp has set up a war room in pune.
it has also set up one war room for each of the eight assembly segments  kasba peth, pune cantonment, parvati, vadgaonsheri, shivajinagar, kothrud, hadapsar and khadakwasla.
the war rooms for each of the assembly segments would have one coordinator and a team of 10 members.
the assembly-wise war rooms would be directly in touch with the pune war room, which would be linked to the state- and national-level war rooms of the party, city bjp chief madhuri misal said.
the war rooms would directly reach out to voters through social networking sites whatsapp, facebook, twitter and instagram  and provide them information on the work done by each legislator in their respective assembly segment.
the schemes implemented by the state and union governments would also be highlighted.
on saturday, chief minister devendrafadnavis will hold a roadshow in pune as a part of his mahajanadesh yatra.
meanwhile, city congress chief ramesh bagawe said the congress has also started work to set up war rooms.
the party would be setting up two war rooms with immediate effect, while more would come up soon, he said.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray.
(express photo by nirmal harindran/file) shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray.
(express photo by nirmal harindran/file)shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on thursday launched a scathing attack on ally bjp, saying that there are no ideals left in the party.
he alleged that the saffron party is no longer saffron and that anyone with money and power can join it, pti reported.
thackeray was addressing a poll ray at mokhada town for shiv sena candidate shrinivas wanaga for the upcoming palghar lok sabha bypoll scheduled for may 28.
distancing his party members from being called money bags, he claimed that shiv sena workers were honest.
the saffron flag under which you had been working with chintaman wanaga is not saffron anymore.
there are no ideals left in that party.
you get entry into the party if you show a (money) bag.
the honest people i have with me are my money bags.
we do not get lured by money, thackeray said.
the bjp was upset with shiv sena for giving ticket to shriniwas wanaga, the son of late bjp mp chintaman wanaga, whose death earlier this year necessitated the bypoll to the lok sabha seat in the neighbouring palghar district.
the sena chief expressed his grief over the death of chintaman wanaga and said it was unfortunate that the palghar seat fell vacant after his demise.
hinting at his disagreement with bjp, he further said, had the bjp given a ticket to his son shrinivas, i would have myself come to campaign for him.
thackeray also took a dig at chief minister fadnavis and said he must have thought the poor man from an adivasi (tribal) family would not be able to do much and toe the bjps line ultimately.
the cm must have thought (shrinivas) wanaga does not have money, neither will he have any support.
who will ask him?
but he did not realise that we are not the ones to count wealth with money.
we count wealth with the size of ones heart, pti quoted him as saying.
when the wanaga family came to us, they told me the bjp mistreated them and that he (shrinivas) did not wish to join any other party because his father stood with saffron, thackeray said.
talking about the late mp, thackeray said chintaman wanaga had opposed the mumbai -ahmedabad bullet train, the delhi-mumbai industrial corridor, the wadhwan port project and the acquisition of tribal land for government projects.
he also called out the bjp for its double standards, saying the bjp is using the photos of late chintaman wanaga on one hand, while on the other, is bent on defeating his son.
feels bad looking at all this.
shrinivass win will be the victory of loyalty.
b'maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
the state government has decided to file criminal cases against builders involved in illegal constructions in mumbai and its suburbs.
the crackdown comes in the wake of rampant illegal constructions in digha, thane, mumbra, mumbai and its suburbs by developers.
at the same time, the government would also act strictly against officials found hand in glove with such builders, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday.
besides, the cm said the government would introduce a new policy to check illegal constructions.
our policy to put an end to illegal constructions is ready.
there were some aspects over which there were objections and the matter is before the court.
the government has addressed the lacunae pointed out by the bombay high court, he said.
often developers indulge in illegal constructions and people take possession without knowing the details and the consequences.
on humanitarian grounds, we have to consider the residents viewpoint.
while the government has taken a decision to regularise the illegal structures on a case-to-case basis, our policy does not absolve the wrong on the part of developers or officials, he said.
there are more than 1.
5 lakh illegal structures across mumbai and its suburbs.
in digha, almost 20,000 people have been impacted by illegal constructions.
damu nagar in kandivli is located barely 10 km off the western express highway with its shiny swachh bharat hoardings.
dilip kagda damu nagar in kandivli is located barely 10 km off the western express highway with its shiny swachh bharat hoardings.
dilip kagdalate one night last week, neelam hadpat, 48, stepped out of her home warily.
it was pitch dark, but she didnt have a choice.
if you have to go, you just have to go, she grumbles now, one leg in a huge yellowing cast.
like all other women in damu nagar slum, rebuilt a few weeks after a horrific fire last year, hadpat tries to finish such business when theres daylight, for urinating out in the open in the privacy of overgrown shrubbery comes with the its dangers.
sure enough, hadpat slipped into a pit and suffered a fracture in one leg.
i had gone alone and i lost my balance.
i fell into the pit and broke my leg.
i was unable to move.
when i cried out for help, luckily some neighbours heard me and picked me up and took me to hospital, she says.
watch what else is making newsdamu nagar in kandivli is located barely 10 km off the western express highway with its shiny swachh bharat hoardings.
like many suburban slum sprawls in the suburbs located on forested hill-slopes or marshy land, residents, especially women, continue to use the dense overgrowth as open-air toilets.
and with elections to the brihanmumbai municipal corporation approaching, residents of the 2,000-odd homes speak bitterly about the missing basic amenity.
sixty-eight-year-old nigamma waghmare, who has been a resident of damu nagar for 25 years, says the lone toilet located inside the slum is never cleaned, compelling them to look for alternatives.
the men dont have that much of a problem, they go anywhere.
the women either have to go to the forest land or to the deserted section of a factory compound, either early in the morning or after dark, she says.
nobody in damu nagar knows that the bmc last month declared the city to be open-defecation-free, and most residents are willing to admit that they defecate in the open.
the women limit their toilet trips to only twice a day.
having access to clean toilets is the least anyone should have.
but here, if we have to use a toilet during the day, we have to use the pay-and-use bmc toilet located at the base of the hill where we have to pay rs 5 every time we want to use it.
people who use it in the morning have to wait in line for more than half an hour every day, says waghmare.
the bmc recently constructed toilets at 118 spots across mumbai.
damu nagar has a single toilet block with 22 seats, an old structure renovated last month through the efforts of local congress corporator of ward 25 ajanta yadav.
despite the renovation, it stays filthy, owing to the absent water supply and over-use  22 toilet seats for a population of nearly 5,000.
on the pathetic condition of this toilet, prabhavati vilas kamble, 38, says it is not cleaned regularly.
the toilet has seats on two floors, which are supposed to be used by both men and women.
however, they are not cleaned regularly and they are not fit to be used.
there isnt running water, or else we could have cleaned it ourselves, she says.
also, kamble adds, for many who live on the top of the hill, the 20-minute walk is cumbersome, so they prefer to look for a spot in the forest.
women like 39-year-old shabana shaikh, who works as a domestic help in the multi-storey housing complexes nearby, have found another alternative.
the residents of the housing societies have been very sympathetic.
they helped us rebuild our lives after the fire burnt everything down.
as i spend most of the day time working in the building, i use the toilets there, says shaikh.
while bjp member of parliament gopal shetty offered to rehabilitate 800 families in sangharsh nagar, mumbai congress president sanjay nirupam demanded a higher compensation from the state government after the suburban collector announced a compensation of rs 3,800 for each family.
nobody thought of offering better sanitation in the rebuilt slum, though.
in december 2015, in a massive fire aggravated by multiple explosions of lpg cylinders, two people lost their lives and 1,200 families lost all their valuables and belongings.
apart from the residents of neighbouring housing societies, leaders of all political parties swooped in to offer support.
promising to resolve the issue now, mp gopal shetty says the residents will soon have water connections as well as toilets.
the forest department issued a circular on november 8 last year allowing all government agencies to construct toilets on their land under the swachh bharat abhiyaan.
the process may be delayed by a month due to the code of conduct.
but after the elections, the bmc can go ahead and construct the toilets as well as arrange for water connections for all residents of the slum, he says.
damu nagar is part of ward 25 in r south ward, while the area around it is under ward 23.
with its large migrant population, the area has been a stronghold of the congress for two decades.
a majority of the residents continues to be loyal to the congress, the attitude generally being that they will vote for the hand symbol without much thought.
the distrust for the ruling bjp appears to have sharpened in the aftermath of demonetisation.
even though younger voters say their political preference is not fixed, the support for the congress remains strong.
more than a decade ago, when the ncp and the congress were in alliance, vidya chavan, the then ncp corporator, had helped us rebuild our houses after the forest department demolished them.
what has shiv sena or bjp done for us, asks 70-year-old saraswati gondappa aote.
apart from toilets, the residents also face a critical water shortage, as well as poor access roads, absent garbage collection and clogged stormwater drains.
after the fire, local corporator ajanta yadav arranged for a water pipeline in the area.
however, residents say taps were available only at the base of the hill.
auto driver pandurang suryawanshi, 38, says those higher up the hill slope have to make 2-3 trips a day to fetch water.
the water connections dont come to our homes and we have to make a 15-minute trip every time we need water.
apart from making promises, no political party has helped us get even the most basic amenities, he says.
attributing the lack of amenities to a stand-off between the forest department and the civic body, corporator yadav says she was recently able to arrange for water connection for the residents after several attempts.
only a part of damu nagar falls under the jurisdiction of the bmc.
since the land belongs to the forest department, there isnt much that the bmc can do without the prior noc from the department.
the problem is definitely serious but the civic administration has not taken any interest in the welfare of the people in damu nagar, she says.
yadav blames the state government for not facilitating the process of seeking approvals.
gopal shetty is the mp from the area and represents the state government.
even though bjp had given assurances to rehabilitate these people in sra flats, nothing has been done to ensure that the process is completed in a speedy fashion, she says.
sources said the government has proposed allowing transferable development rights for loss of development potential in such cases.
(express photo by jaipal singh/file) sources said the government has proposed allowing transferable development rights for loss of development potential in such cases.
(express photo by jaipal singh/file)three years after chief minister devendrafadnavis scrapped the draft development plans proposal for variable floor space index (fsi) ranging from 2.
5 to 8 with higher density developments around mass transportation corridors, the revised development plan (dp-2034) sanctioned on tuesday provides for a considerable increase in bulk fsi levels.
but significantly, discarding the earlier proposed variable fsi regime based on the transit-oriented development (tod) approach, the new plan uniformly raises fsi up to 5 for various kinds of special projects, without indexing fsi to the availability of physical and social infrastructure.
fsi, also known internationally as floor area ratio, is a tool that defines the extent of construction permissible on a plot.
an fsi of 5 means built-up areas up to five times the plot size.
further, considering that the new regulations permit an additional 35 per cent construction over and above the admissible fsi upon payment of premiums, the actual buildable space for such incentivised projects can be as high as 6.
75 times the plot area.
arguments for higher fsi levels in mumbai often cite examples of tokyo and manhattan that have an fsi of 20 and 15 respectively, but urban planners say these cities are not saddled with the crushing population densities of mumbai.
experts worry that the heightened fsi levels would lead to further densification in mumbai.
the significant fsi hikes have come in the commerce, retail and the hospitality sectors.
keen to increase land area under commercial use from 911.
46 hectare to 1,262 hectare, the regulations offer an fsi up to 5 for any form of commercial development on plots situated in both residential and commercial zones.
while a planning committee that reviewed public suggestions to the draft plan had imposed plot size restrictions to regulate this fsi, the cm has dropped their suggestion.
residential construction up to 30 per cent of the permissible fsi will be allowed in such commercial projects, the dp document states.
residential hotels, regardless of the size, can also avail an fsi up to 5.
the same has also been extended for financial technology and bio-tech parks, and medical and educational hubs.
the fsi hike is this sector is with a view to reduce costs and encourage large employments, it adds.
with building height restrictions in place in the airport funnel, near defence and railway lands, questions are being raised on whether the hiked fsi can be entirely consumed on site.
sources said the government has proposed allowing transferable development rights for loss of development potential in such cases.
in the residential segment, the government has dished out incentives to developers for redevelopment of slum colonies.
it has hiked the in situ fsi for slum redevelopment to 4 despite the high existing slum densities.
builders redeveloping larger slum enclaves will be eligible for additional incentives.
the new rules permit slum rehabilitation authority chief to relax tenement density norms, further boosting the sale component.
redevelopment of dilapidated tenanted suburban buildings and non-cessed properties in the island city will also be entitled to a minimum fsi of 3.
a special dispensation has also been made for housing societies that have already consumed more than the permissible zonal fsi, while cluster redevelopment in the suburbs can now be undertaken with an fsi 4.
a controversial proposal allowing developers to exploit construction benefits in the island city for transit camps for slum dwellers and rental houses in the far-off suburbs, with an fsi up to 3, has been approved as well.
fsis have also been hiked for public parking lots on private lands in the suburbs, construction of homes for mill workers and project-affected people and mass housing projects for low-income segments on private lands.
further, the government is hoping that the increase in paid fsi helps fill up civic and state coffers.
incidentally, while dp-2034 had rejected the tod model, the government has plans to reintroduce it, permitting high density developments near major transit intersections.
the bjp-led government in maharashtra is unlikely to accept the oppositions demand for a complete loan waiver for farmers, even as the yogi adityanath government in uttar pradesh tuesday gave the nod to keep a similar promise made in the run-up to the assembly polls in that state earlier this year.
sources in the government said chief minister devendrafadnavis had approached the centre last fortnight seeking a financial assistance to help 31 lakh farmers with an accumulated loan burden of rs 30,500 crore.
the matter is pending with union minister for finance arun jaitely, said an official.
the government has provided an enhanced allocation of rs 51 lakh crore crop loan benefiting 52 lakh farmers in 2016-17.
acknowledging that the centre would have to take an overall view if it extended a financial package to up, following similar demand from tamil nadu and karnakata, the government sources said a restructuring of loan to help small and marginal farmers was not being ruled out.
however, it will have to work out the interest rates and also wait for the centres aid, said an official.
at function in chandrapur tuesday, fadnavis came down heavily on the opposition.
just giving it a name of sangharsh yatra does not it make it a true sangharsh yatra.
the oppositions loan waiver demand is to hide their own financial scams.
facing its toughest election battle in maharashtra, the congress has decided to focus on seats it lost by narrow margins in the 2014 assembly polls.
advertisingafter managing to win just one seat in the lok sabha elections and being relegated to the fourth spot in the state, the party has launched a special drive  super 60  for the upcoming assembly polls.
according to party leaders, it is an outreach initiative to improve the partys prospects in assembly seats it had lost by thin margins in 2014.
elections for the 288 assembly seats in the state are scheduled in october.
in the 2014 state polls, the congress, which ended up winning 42 seats, had lost another 40 seats by a narrow margin.
advertisingmaharashtra youth congress president satyajeet tambe said the party has launched localised interactive campaigns with voters in these seats.
besides, the party is also focusing on 20 more seats, once considered its stronghold, where it has launched a similar outreach initiative.
the youth congress has been tasked with the responsibility to oversee the initiative.
tambe further said the party was also conducting intensive training workshops and booth management exercise in these constituencies.
we have also launched localised social media campaigns, he said.
meanwhile, the congress on monday launched a campaign to counter chief minister devendrafadnavis ongoing yatra.
a public gathering was held in amravati to kickstart the initiative.
hitting out at fadnavis-led government, state congress president balasaheb thorat accused the government of making hollow promises.
the bjp has failed to deliver on any of its poll promises, he said.
the state government on tuesday gave the rs 16,000-crore marathwada water grid project a go ahead despite opposition raised by a section of water policy experts.
advertisingaimed at promoting water security and optimal use of water in the drought-prone region, the cabinet sanctioned the first phase of the project, which will involve laying of 1078.
61 km of pipeline network and treatment plants in beed district at a cost of rs 4,802 crore.
the cabinet also sought proposals for contracts to be awarded for laying a similar water distribution network for aurangabad and jalna.
the project basically proposes to set up a loop of water pipeline and pumping system that would enable carrying of water from water-surplus dams to areas serviced by reservoirs with low storage levels.
following the cabinet nod, officials said that the tenders for appointment of the concessionaire for the first phase will now be floated.
to be developed on hybrid annuity basis, the project will see the concessionaire raises up to 60 per cent of the cost, while the state government will be responsible to release the remaining sum in annual installments.
advertisingisraels national water supply company, mekorot, which has been roped in as the projects consultant, has drawn up detailed reports on the anticipated demand district-wise for beed and is in the process of doing the same for the other regions.
a group of water and irrigation sector experts had earlier written to chief minister devendrafadnavis opposing the project and questioning whether it was warranted at all.
in another decision, the cabinet agreed to make more money available to various irrigation development corporations to facilitate the maintenance and repairs of 3,000 dams and 1 lakh km of canal network.
we condemn the incident.
strict action should be taken action against the perpetrators.
i will visit wakadi village tomorrow to see the victims get justice, athawale said in a statement.
we condemn the incident.
strict action should be taken action against the perpetrators.
i will visit wakadi village tomorrow to see the victims get justice, athawale said in a statement.
condemning the parading of two minor boys from a backward community naked in maharashtras jalgaon district, union minister ramdas athawale said he would visit the village, where the incident took place, on saturday to ensure the victims get justice.
ahead of his visit, union minister of state for social justice and empowerment athawale demanded that strict action be taken against the perpetrators.
two minor boys from a backward community were allegedly beaten up and paraded naked in wakadi village in jalgaons jamner taluka for swimming in a well that belonged to a person of a different caste.
the police have already arrested two men, identified as ishwar joshi  the well owner and his farm worker prahlad lohar, in connection with the incident.
we condemn the incident.
strict action should be taken action against the perpetrators.
i will visit wakadi village tomorrow to see the victims get justice, athawale said in a statement.
athawale added he would also meet chief minister devendrafadnavis and jalgaon superintendent of police dattatray karale in connection with the incident.
the union minister urged parties against politicising cases of atrocities on people belonging to the scheduled castes.
such atrocities are a social concern and not a political issue, he stressed.
athawale, however, stated that all political parties should come together to resolve the issue of caste-based atrocities.
uddhav thackeray uddhav thackerayin an apparent bid to retain power in the countrys richest municipality, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray made several promises to mumbaikars thursday.
among other measures, he announced total property tax exemption for residential units measuring up to 500 square feet and concessions for houses up to 700 square feet, besides a free medical care scheme named after the late bal thackeray.
watch video | samajwadi partys first list of candidates creates uncertainty over alliance with congressthe sops are part of the partys election manifesto.
polls to the 227-seat brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) will be held on february 21.
the slew of announcements was evidently targeted to win over the lower and middle class voters.
the decision to reveal part of the manifesto at a time when pre-poll alliance talks are on with the bjp has come as a surprise to many within the party and outside.
the haste to disclose populist decisions is perceived in the sena as a move to pre-empt the bjp from taking credit for housing and health care policy reforms.
mumbai bjp chief ashish shelar, however, said the proposal to waive property tax for houses up to 500 sq ft was already mooted by chief minister devendrafadnavis six months ago, and that the bjp had already incorporated it in the partys election manifesto.
(see page 7)we have also decided not to allow tax collection for roads.
the bmc earns rs 500 to 600 crore from road tax.
but why should people pay for roads that are dotted with potholes, he said.
thackeray skirted the issue of a pre-poll alliance, saying the bjps proposal had not reached him yet and that he would reflect on it later.
announcing the poll manifesto before the declaration of candidate list was a clear departure from the usual practice.
by highlighting its contents at this juncture, thackeray, it seemed, seized the opportunity to connect to the people ahead of the polls.
he also promised generous property tax concessions to housing societies pursuing rainwater harvesting projects, if voted to power.
the sena, which has been ruling the bmc for the last 19 years, emphasised that its measures were for larger public welfare.
the sena will implement all the decisions, said thackeray.
the bmc has a budget of rs 37,000 crore and deposits of rs 51,000 crore, which makes it financially robust and capable to bear the additional expenses, he added.
it may be mentioned here that the bmc had adopted new tax rules from april 1, 2015, effecting a hike of 40 per cent in tax rates for all residential units, including those measuring less than 500 square feet, and commercial places including the ones that came up before march 31, 2015.
the evaluation of property tax was earlier changed from rateable value system (rvs) to capital value system (cvs).
calculated on the market value of the property, cvs has helped mobilise up to rs 10,000 crore for the bmc.
less than ten days after an assurance from chief minister devendrafadnavis that the kalina land would be considered as an alternative to aarey for metro 3 car shed, mumbai metro rail corporation (mmrc) officials in a meeting with environmentalists shot down the proposal.
however, officials have suggested a new design for the car shed that will be built in a smaller area and which will help save some trees.
watch what else is making newsthe environmentalists are insistent that the proposed depot at aarey be shifted to a mumbai university land in kalina.
but it is not an option.
the land has been studied by experts twice and they have said that the land is not suitable due to the area that was available there.
also mumbai university has its own plans for the land.
it is understandable that the save aarey group opposes construction in aarey but they should also be mindful of the students, said sk gupta, director, projects, mmrc.
the new car shed will be built on 25 hectares land compared to the earlier planned 33 hectares.
meanwhile we have decided to redesign our depot in such a way that we leave out the area where there is large concentration of trees.
there will be some difficulties for us but our focus will be to save trees, he said.
during the meeting the officials also clarified that there is no commercial development planned in the area for the car shed.
they are two different entities.
no commercial development will be conducted in the car shed area, said gupta.
unhappy at these developments, the environmentalists have now decided to approach the chief minister again.
we will go back to the chief minister and tell him that his directives have been ignored.
the cm spoke of a 20-hectare car shed, then how can mmrc talk of 25-hectares?
said stalin dayanand, director, ngo vanashakti.
b'a protest march of maharashtra farmers from chief minister devendrafadnavis assembly constituency in nagpur to prime minister narendra modis native place vadnagar was stopped by the gujarat police in tapi district at the state border on thursday.
as many as 114 farmers, including independent mla from maharashtras achalpur bachu kadu, were detained and later forced to go back to their home state by the gujarat police.
the rally, led by kadu under the banner of his political outfit prahar, had started from nagpur on april 11 on the birth anniversary of social reformer jyotiba phule and on april 21 was slated to reach vadnagar in mehsana, where the farmers had planned a public meeting and a blood donation camp.
the farmers were demanding a rise in the minimum support price and farm loan waiver.
the gujarat khedut samaj had made arrangement to receive the maharashtra farmers in surat in the afternoon, and a few members of the outfit were already present at shedkari village in uchhal taluka of tapi district on the state border to meet the protesters.
at the state border, the police intercepted the rally and asked the farmers to produce the necessary letter of permission to carry out the march further.
the farmers, however, failed to produce necessary documents.
the police then immediately detained kadu and the other farmers, and released them in the evening outside gujarat territory at navapur.
m s bharada, in-charge tapi sp, said, we detained as many 114 farmers, including mla bachu kadu, as they were entering gujarat on around 40 vehicles having mikes and loud speakers.
we demanded the police permission letter from them, but they failed to produce it.
as a result, we have detained them and later in the evening we have freed them.
no untoward incident took place.
gujarat khedut samaj leader jayesh patel, however, said, it is dictatorship.
the farmers of maharashtra were taking out the rally peacefully.
they had applied for police permission in vadnagar to organise a blood donation camp and a public meeting 15 days ago.
we went there to welcome the rally, but we were also detained by the police.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray were involved in a war of words before the elections.
(express archive) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray were involved in a war of words before the elections.
(express archive)elections to the cash-rich bmc and nine other civic bodies in maharashtra, which have virtually turned into a battle of prestige for chief minister devendrafadnavis , heading the states first bjp-led government, and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, will be held tomorrow.
apart from the ten civic bodies, the second phase of polling for 11 zilla parishads (zps) and 118 panchayat samitis will also be conducted tomorrow.
dubbed as a mini assembly election, over 1.
95 crore voters across the state are entitled to exercise their franchise to choose representatives for ten city corporations, while over 1.
80 crore people can cast their votes in the zp and panchayat samiti polls.
watch video | bmc elections 2017: polling begins across maharashtra, mns chief raj thackeray casts his votecollectively, 3.
77 crore voters are eligible to decide the fate of 17,331 candidates in rural and urban areas, including mumbai, state election commissioner j s saharia told reporters here, adding that the election machinery is fully geared up to ensure free and fair voting.
stakes are high for fadnavis and thackeray, who have led their respective parties from the front and were involved in a high decibel and no holds barred campaign.
bitter acrimony between bjp and shiv sena that are fighting the civic polls separately for the first time in over two decades, marked the electioneering.
congress, ncp and mns are also in the fray.
saharia said for the 1,268 seats across the ten municipal corporations, 9,208 candidates are in the fray, whereas for 11 zps, total 2,956 candidates will try their luck for 654 seats.
for the 1,288 seats across 118 panchayat samitis, total 5,167 candidates are in the fray.
as many as 43,160 polling booths have been set up.
there will be 2.
76 lakh election staff and equal number of police personnel on the duty, saharia said.
in mumbai, the countrys financial capital, total 2,275 candidates are in fray for the 227 seats.
92 lakh people are eligible to cast the vote in the megapolis, he said, adding that there will be 7,304 polling stations.
in municipal corporations excluding mumbai, there are multimember wards, where a voter will have to cast his vote for each of the category in the panel.
each panel has more than two wards.
the big poll focus is on brihanmumbai municipal cooperation (bmc), retaining control of which is vital for shiv sena as the city has remained its prime political space ever since the partys formation in 1966.
shiv sena has been in power in bmc for over two decades.
bjp, which had been a junior partner of sena before it gained the upper hand through the 2014 lok sabha and assembly polls, declined to accept the number of seats offered by the sena.
it has set its eyes on gaining power in bmc, one of the worlds largest city bodies, boasting of an annual budget of over rs 37,000 crore.
file photo: pm narendra modi with shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray (source: express archive/file) file photo: pm narendra modi with shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray (source: express archive/file)dubbing the war of words between bjp and shiv sena as detrimental to maharashtras progress, ncp on sunday sought intervention of the prime ministers office to end the slugfest between the ruling allies.
the opposition party also urged the bjp to seek derecognition of the sena, contending that it cannot be allowed to contest the forthcoming mumbai civic polls owing to alleged hundreds of crores having been looted by the party in various scams.
both the allies are forgetting that people have given them a mandate to rule, not to create a ruckus.
the daily bickering and no end to the problems being faced by people have made them lose faith in the institution of government.
if this continues, people will lose faith in democracy, pawaskar told reporters in mumbai.
watch video: whats making newswe urge the pmo to take cognisance of the melee going on in the state and put an end to this.
instead of using its mouthpiece to ask the sena to fall out of the government, they should simply come out in the open and say they are ready for mid-term polls, he said.
the ncps comments come in the backdrop of the intensifying war of words between the ruling allies.
a recent article in bjps fortnightly publication manogat dared the sena to take divorce and poked fun at sena chief uddhav thackeray by drawing an analogy from the popular bollywood flick sholay, in which the character of a jailor played by actor asrani asks policemen to march in different directions, only to find later that no one was standing behind him.
the sena had retorted by demanding a clarification from chief minister devendrafadnavis and said that by making below the belt comments, the bjp probably wanted to finish off its own government.
being in power at the centre and the state, it is the bjps responsibility to seek senas derecognition because they had come to power on a corruption-free governance plank.
it will be a gross injustice to the people if sena is allowed to contest bmc polls where it has indulged in scams amounting to hundreds of crores and thereby looted people, pawaskar alleged.
it is shocking that a cm, who otherwise gives such good speeches in public, is from the last two years digesting the criticism aimed at his party in sena mouthpiece, he added.
the bharatiya janata party has embarked on an ambitious campaign titled mulukh maidan to beat the five-cornered contest in the october 15 assembly elections in maharashtra.
in just 48 hours  on september 30 and october 1  the bjp will hold 300 rallies across the 288 constituencies and has deployed 53 leaders, including union ministers, to address them.
historically, mulukh maidan is the name of the heavy cannon used by adil shah in the battle of bijapur.
it was 4 metres long, 1.
5 metres in diameter and weighed 55 tonnes.
bjp political managers said the term mulukh maidan was being used just to symbolise that once bjp takes to the battleground the rest will be wiped out of the contest.
its like equating the bjp with the cannon, which one starts firing would drive away all the political rivals, said a leader.
holding 300 rallies in two days is a record that has no parallel in maharashtra politics.
in the past, several political parties including the bjp had held public rallies deploying their leaders region-wise over a period of 15 to 25 days.
but considering the short time left for the polls, coupled with a five-cornered contest that will see multiple players in each assembly seats, the bjp wants its lotus to register in the minds of voters.
bjp vice-president vinay sahastrabuddhe said: ideally, the campaign is to convey a strong message of single-party rule for stability in maharashtra.
the party leaderships primary concern was how to connect to the masses with a strong message in a short time.
the breakup with the shiv sena has forced them to redraw the campaign strategy and make corrective steps to cover the state with a renewed aggression in shiv sena strongholds like the districts of marathwada, mumbai, thane and konkan.
the bjp, which is banking on the results from vidarbha (60 seats) and north maharashtra (36 seats) to give them a strong edge, reckons that it needs to plug the shortcomings in mumbai, thane, konkan (together 72 seats) and marathwada (48 seats) where the battle will be challenging in the absence of partnership with sena.
western maharashtra is the new turf where the bjp is banking on poor image of the ncp to make inroads.
according to state bjp president devendrafadnavis , ideally, the thought uppermost in my mind is to restore the glory of maharashtra.
the single purpose of our campaign is to see 288 lotuses bloom in the current political puddle.
the list of 53 leaders who would campaign extensively over the two days include union agriculture minister radha mohan singh in south maharashtra, bjp national vice-president purushottam rupala in satara, sangali, hrd minister smriti irani in pune, former mp and cricketer navjot singh sidhu in mumbai, bjp bational secretary muralidhar rao in latur and solapur, national vice-president vinay sahastrabuddhe in thane and union minister for environment & forests prakash javadekar in nashik.
delhi bjp leader vijendra gupta, union ministers uma bharati, kailash mishra and santosh gangwar, state bjp president devendrafadnavis , leader of opposition in the assembly eknath khadse, leader of opposition in the legislative council vinod tawde, senior leaders sudhir mungantiwar and pandurang phundkar will also address several rallies in these two days.
even as a probe continues into allegations of corruption in road contracts awarded in mumbai, the maharashtra government has quietly tweaked the process for awarding public work contracts in a bid to break the monopoly of a few contractors.
the system of awarding such contracts only to firms licensed with the government has been discontinued.
open tenders will now be floated for all works, chandrakant patil, minister, public works, said on monday.
the government is hoping that the modification, which basically allows all contractors to participate instead of only a pre-determined group, will bring in more transparency in the bidding process.
allegations of a powerful contractor-official-politician nexus have been rampant in road and building work contracts allotted by the public works department for several decades.
after taking over in maharashtra, the devendrafadnavis government has already planned rs 1.
06 lakh crore of public works in the road and building construction sector.
of this, patil said about rs 60,000 crore worth contracts had already been allotted.
another rs 30,000 crore works are being planned on an annuity basis, patil said.
the multi-crore contracts had been a game for a handful of contractors.
the condition that permitted participation of only firms licensed with the department had been discouraging industry giants from taking up public contracts.
an oligopoly of sorts had been created, said a senior state official.
the tenders will now be open for everyone eligible, announced patil.
the revised norms have been applied for road, bridge, building construction, and maintenance contracts allocated by the public works department.
the government has also devised a standard bidding document to avoid deviations from the norm.
the fact that most bids are now floated online has already created some transparency.
the revised tendering norms will aid the process further, said another senior official.
fresh guidelines have been issued regarding steps to be taken by authorities during the pre-bid conference, floating of the bids, shortlisting of the contractors, and awarding of the contracts.
the government has mandated its officials to publish the tenders on the governments web portal.
chief minister devendrafadnavis had run an election campaign for the mumbai civic poll where he had promised more transparency in road and public contracts.
maintaining that no party ever vanishes completely from the political arena, the shiv sena on thursday agreed with sharad pawars grandson rohit pawar that bjp leaders praise or target the ncp chief as per their convenience.
advertisingin an editorial in party mouthpiece saamana, the sena referred to chief minister devendrafadnavis remarks that the ncp would soon cease to exist and only sharad pawar, ajit pawar and supriya sule would remain in the party.
the winds keep changing.
parties are formed and weakened.
but one must keep in mind that no political party ever completely vanishes, it said.
last week, union home minister amit shah, while addressing a rally in solapur, had attacked the ncp chief over dynasty rule and corruption while questioning his contribution to maharashtras development.
in reply, without naming anyone, rohit had said, when needed, they took pawars advice and came to baramati to praise him as per convenience.
but ahead of the polls, they ask about his achievements.
pawars grip on maharashtra politics is weakening but he has contributed to its development and it cannot be ignored.
modi has also accepted his contribution when he came to baramati, the sena said.
bjps ashish shelar said cm fadnavis will be first such chief minister who wanted to connect with commoners over a dinner with their traditional food.
(file photo) bjps ashish shelar said cm fadnavis will be first such chief minister who wanted to connect with commoners over a dinner with their traditional food.
(file photo)in a bid to connect with north indian voters ahead of bmc elections slated next year, ruling bjp has organised a public dinner with a traditional menu at suburban goregaon on september 2 which will be attended by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
bjp city unit, which has organised the function, said 5,000 invitations have been sent out for the function, to be held in the western suburb.
we are elated to announce that our chief minister would be having quality time with the people of north india over baati-chokha wherein he would interact with the intellectuals as well as commoners invited from all walks of life, bjp city unit president ashish shelar said on thursday.
he said fadnavis will be first such cm who wanted to connect with commoners over a dinner with their traditional food.
while baati consists of wheat and sattu (powdered roasted blackgrams) formed into balls with spices, and then dipped in ghee (clarified butter) chokha is a dip prepared by mashing boiled potatoes, tomatoes and eggplant together with some spices.
it is no surprise that the bjp is aggressively trying to woo uttar bhartiyas as they form 28 per cent vote share in countrys financial capital.
the outreach has another objective with forthcoming assembly elections in uttar pradesh, due next year.
bmc has been ruled by shiv sena, which plays its agenda of sons-of-soil vs outsiders, with the bjp as a junior partner for over two decades.
on the choice of venue, as shiv sena recently held a function to mark its golden jubilee at the same spot, shelar said, we are organising this programme at same place where one party had recently celebrated its 50 years without connecting with the commoner, but our case it different.
our all top leaders of state, including fadnavis ji, would have a direct interaction with the invitees.
mumbai bjp general secretary amarjeet mishra, who often organises such functions for north indians, said, the work that chief minister of uttar pradesh didnt and couldnt do here in mumbai (to connect with the north indians), is being done by devendraji.
mishra, who recently organised a music festival dedicated to kajri form of singing which is popular in northern belt, said, our cm is connecting with north indians very fast and this was very much visible when he instantly donned gamachha during a programme when he came to know that it was a typical a traditional cotton towel used in north india.
a policeman guards electronic voting machines (evm) at a training camp in maharashtra.
(representational photo.
pti) a policeman guards electronic voting machines (evm) at a training camp in maharashtra.
(representational photo.
pti)counting was underway today for polls to 10 civic bodies, including cash-rich bmc, and 25 zilla parishads and 283 panchayat samitis across maharashtra, the results of which are likely to have a bearing on relations between bjp and shiv sena.
the congress and ncp are also in fray in the polls, dubbed as the mini-general elections.
the prime focus is on the cash-rich 227-member brihanmumbai municipal corporation with the ruling bjp and shiv sena at the forefront of this battle of might.
the results after the counting, which began at 10 am today, will determine the fate of 21,620 candidates for 5,777 seats up for grabs in the 10 municipal corporations, 25 zilla parishads and 283 panchayat samitis for which the elections were held in two phases.
nearly 56 per cent voters had exercised their right to franchise during the elections to the 10 municipal corporations held on tuesday.
the mumbai civic body bmc recorded about 55 per cent turn-out.
besides, 69 per cent of the electorate cast their votes in the zilla parishads and panchayat samitis.
the stakes are high for chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, who led their respective parties from the front and were involved in a high decibel and no-holds-barred campaign, relegating the opposition congress, ncp and other players like the mns and the aimim to the background.
apart from mumbai, the municipal corporations which went to the polls were thane, ulhasnagar, nashik, pune, pimpri-chinchwad, solapur, akola, amravati and nagpur.
in mumbai, the countrys financial capital, there are 2,275 candidates.
the big poll focus is on the bmc, retaining control of which is vital for shiv sena as the city has remained its prime political space ever since the partys formation in 1966.
the sena has been in power in bmc for over two decades.
in municipal corporations excluding mumbai, there are multimember wards where the electorate cast their votes for each of the category in the panel.
each panel has more than two wards.
the districts where elections to 283 panchayat samitis were held are  ahmednagar, aurangabad, beed, buldhana, chandrapur, gadchiroli, hingoli, jalgaon, jalna, latur, nanded, osmanabad, parbhani, wardha, yavatmal, ratnagiri, sindhudurg, satara, sangli, kolhapur, pune, solapur, nashik, amravati and gadchiroli.
twice over the last six months, residents of chaklamba village in beed districts georai taluka have gone on a relay hunger strike in 43-degree temperatures, spending scorching afternoons in the shade of a flimsy cloth tent on the outskirts of the village, a banner behind them stating their demands.
during februarys 12-day hunger strike, the mood was still hopeful.
then april rolled around and the step-well located on satish patils land, a century-old structure that had never failed the village, ran dry.
advertisingwhen villagers decided to undertake a second hunger strike by the end of may, it was once again to press for a sub-canal from the jayakwadi dam to serve their farmland.
but this time, the protestors were despairing at local officials disinterest.
every well has run dry here, there is not a single source of water for the crop.
if we dont get substantial rain, we cannot sow our kharif crop this year, said machhindra gawde, 70, almost in tears.
gawde led both hunger strikes this year, a previous one in 2017 and multiple other delegations to officials handling irrigation projects, each time seeking irrigation facilities for thousands of dryland farmers in the region.
since 2016, chaklambas residents have petitioned the water resources department of the maharashtra government multiple times.
marathwadas largest dam jayakwadi, built across the mighty godavari, is located only 40 km away from about 80 villages in this arid belt where average rainfall in the 2018 monsoon was a paltry 300 mm, a third of the national average of about 900 mm.
from one bank, canals take jayakwadis water 400 km away to parts of nanded.
from the opposite bank, the canals skirt this belt and head towards majalgaon.
advertisinga sub-canal would resolve all our problems, every one of them.
we can be sujalam sufalam, said satish patil, once among chaklambas largest land-owners, now working as a temp with a government company.
patil still owns 16 acres of land, but lost most of his crop in 2018-19 and is putting off plans for the coming kharif season.
explained: how severe is the water crisis in maharashtra?
what measures has the government taken?
chaklambas story reflects the realities of dozens of villages in this part of marathwada where ground water depletion has hit alarming levels, compounding the distress from years of truant monsoons and a deepening credit crisis.
more than half the villages where the state groundwater survey and development agencys summer survey found a depletion of over 3 metres from the five-year average are in marathwada, or 1,467 villages.
the largest concentration of these villages is in beed, osmanabad and aurangabad districts.
wells and borewells here are now bone dry, and the absence of sustainable irrigation facilities felt more acutely than ever before.
while chaklambas villagers planned to send a delegation to mumbai to meet ministers, legislators and officials during the state assemblys monsoon session now in session, cash constraints led them to eventually send a single emissary.
in mumbai for two days now trying to draw legislators attention to his villages woes, krishna khedkar said wearily, the government likes to say we are drunks and addicts killing ourselves.
but the reality is that we have neither water for our fields nor any alternative source of income.
after repeated years of losses, many just give up hope.
read | every drop counts: these water trucks are lifeline for parched maharashtrakhedkar met leader of the opposition in maharashtras upper house, ncp leader dhananjay munde, who promised to add his might to their agitation.
khedkar hopes to meet chief minister devendrafadnavis too.
in georai, the concerns in dozens of villages are the same.
in dhondrai and bhodegaon villages, residents say the midc area in ahmednagar in western maharashtra gets water from jayakwadi but they dont.
gawde, who lived in western maharashtra until 2006, says, in those parts, not a guntha is dry.
and in our area, not a guntha is irrigated.
about 30 villages in the belt have passed gram sabha resolutions supporting the chaklamba villagers struggle.
fifty more villages are expected to follow suit, said lata pandit, georai taluka president of the prahaar janshakti party floated by independent mla bachu kadu, which fielded a farm widow from yavatmal in the recent lok sabha election.
pandit says the party will agitate with chaklambas residents.
in mumbai, khedkar is hanging out with a friend from the village  one of the 1,500 young men from chaklamba who have migrated in search of work.
even those with a class x or xii certificate are working as labourers in pune or aurangabad or mumbai, he says.
also read | the retail paradox: wholesale food inflation is up, but consumers arent feeling the pinch yetof the nearly 10,000-strong population of chaklamba, 7,000 migrate annually for the sugarcane harvest, working as labourers.
not just communities that traditionally work as cane harvesters, poor people from all communities are signing up with the contractor.
when they leave, it becomes a zero village.
there is no business for local shops or businesses, there is no work on local farms anyway, and we become a village with just the senior citizens, some looking after grandkids left behind, khedkar says.
villagers say many who own 6-8 acres actually work as farm labourers on smaller fields in western maharashtra.
a sub-canal from jayakwadi would unravel many of these knotty subjects, they say.
the government of india jai shakti ministrys latest ambitious announcements and the maharashtra governments own plans for piped drinking water supply cut no ice in chaklamba.
what we need is water for our fields, and what were asking for is our right, says gawde.
dotting the region are empty farm ponds, some being built in preparation for the coming monsoon.
already, across marathwada, one response to consecutive poor monsoons has been to drill fresh, deeper borewells.
the magel tyala shettala or farm pond on demand scheme of the state government has also led thousands in the region to draw out ground water using pumps to store in the plastic-lined farm ponds for use as the summer worsens.
the scheme, meant actually to conserve farm run-off, has seen 1,20,439 farm ponds built as of march 31, 2019.
advertisingexperts have already called for a scientific analysis of whether the very popular farm ponds are aggravating the ground water crisis.
we dont need any of these government doles  the rs 6,000 from the government, these subsidies, the annual ex gratia for drought losses, says satish patil.
just irrigate our lands, we can reap our own gold.
pune airport (express photo) pune airport (express photo)chandrakant dalvi, who recently took over the reins of the divisional commissionerate, pune, said the state government will take all steps to ensure that the families in purandar tehsil, affected by the land acquisition for pune airport, are rehabilitated.
he added that apart from giving four compensation options, the administration would also try to provide employment to the youth from affected families.
he further said implementation of zero pendency in government offices, completion of projects, including the ones related to religious tourism, would be his priority areas.
dalvi said chief minister devendrafadnavis has recently made public the flexible compensation scheme that the government is opting for acquisition of land for pune airport in purandar.
he added that the process of acquiring land will soon begin through the district collector.
we are giving flexible options to the farmers who are losing their land.
of the four option they can chose anyone.
they can even chose a combine of two options some features of one model and others from another model, said dalvi, who had previously served as the commissioner of co-operation.
while the process of acquisition commences, simultaneously, we will start training schemes for the local youth, who can find employment in the airport project.
we will find out the jobs that would be generated and then train the youngsters from the affected families, so they can earn a living, he added.
dalvi said, in his endeavour to reduce the pendency at government offices, he would order a review of the pending cases with a two-month deadline.
three months would further be given to the government offices to clear the pending files.
in this manner, we have a five-month plan for zero pendency in all five districts in the division, he said.
he added that digitisation of land records and transaction documents was in full swing and will soon be completed in all the districts.
he further said that, barring solapur, all four districts have been declared open-defecation free and the administration will soon achieve the same status for solapur by building over a lakh toilet blocks.
in a major setback to the ncp, navi mumbai strongman ganesh naik is set to end his two-decade-old association with the party and join the bjp on wednesday.
advertisingthe 68-year-old naik was a prized catch for the ncp and had helped the party strengthen its base in navi mumbai in the late 90s when sharad pawar had floated the party.
naik had cut his political teeth in the shiv sena but had raised a banner of revolt against sena chief bal thackeray in 1999 after being sacked as a minister in the bjp-shiv sena government.
he subsequently joined the ncp and was made a cabinet minister in the congress-ncp government.
naik, who lost the 2014 assembly election, however, holds tremendous clout in navi mumbai with this family single-handedly running the navi mumbai municipal corporation (nmmc).
advertisingaround 50 nmmc corporators are expected to join the bjp along with naik in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis and state bjp president chandrakant patil.
his son and former ncp mp from thane, sanjeev naik, is also expected to switch over the bjp on wednesday.
another of his sons, sandeep naik, had joined the bjp in july after resigning as ncp mla from airoli.
b'mumbai: rpi leader & social justice minister ramdas athawale is felicitated by chief minister devendrafadnavis at shanmukhanand hall in mumbai on friday.
pti photo (pti9_2_2016_000381b) mumbai: rpi leader & social justice minister ramdas athawale is felicitated by chief minister devendrafadnavis at shanmukhanand hall in mumbai on friday.
pti photo (pti9_2_2016_000381b)reaching out to north indians ahead of the bmc polls next year, chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said people from that region and other parts of the country, who reside in the state have not only imbibed maharashtras culture, but have also enriched it.
whenever a north indian asks me where his place was in the state, i reply to him with a song  najar ke samne, jigar ke pass koi rahta hai wo tum, fadnavis said to a round of applause.
the chief minister, who started off his speech in bhojpuri, said, maharashtra shares a very old and lasting bond with the uttar pradesh and this is the reason maharashtra has always given due respect to all the north indians, as it has given to the people belonging to rest of the country.
fadnavis was speaking at baati-chokha, a public dinner programme with traditional north indian menu, organised by bjp at suburban goregaon.
uttar pradesh is the land of lord ram and krishna.
wherever lord ram visited in the maharashtra during his exile, it became places of worship and we all have maintained our immense respect and faith to those places, he said.
not only this, centuries ago at the time of shivaji maharajs coronation, a brahmin from uttar pradesh was called in and he completed all the rituals, he added.
people coming in from all the states, including up, have not only adopted maharashtras culture, but also enriched it, he said.
taking potshots at uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav, fadnavis said, those who made tall promises about transforming uttar pradesh into uttam pradesh have miserably failed to do so.
but now it would be done only under the able leadership of prime minister narendra modiji.
the bjps event is being seen as an aggressive way to woo uttar bhartiyas as they form 28 per cent vote share in mumbai.
the outreach has another objective with forthcoming assembly elections in uttar pradesh, due next year.
bmc has been ruled by shiv sena, which plays its agenda of sons-of-soil vs outsiders, with the bjp as a junior partner for over two decades.
baati-chokha is a traditional north indian dish.
while baati consists of wheat and sattu (powdered roasted blackgrams) formed into balls with spices, and then dipped in ghee (clarified butter) chokha is a dip prepared by mashing boiled potatoes, tomatoes and eggplant together with some spices.
city bjp chief ashish shelar, senior leader of mumbai bjp and general secretary amarjeet mishra, vice president of mumbai bjp sanjay upadhyay along with other leaders were present.
mumbai bjp general secretary amarjeet mishra, who often organises such events for north indians, said, the work that chief minister of uttar pradesh didnt and couldnt do here in mumbai (to connect with the north indians), is being done by devendraji.
prime minister narendra modi on saturday inaugurated the 10,000-acre aurangabad industrial city (auric), the countrys first greenfield industrial smart city and a part of the upcoming delhi-mumbai industrial corridor.
advertisingauric envisages global investments worth rs 70,000 crore in the next 10 years and is likely to generate three lakh jobs.
the pm also inaugurated the state-of-the-art auric hall, a six-storey building that will be the monitoring and administrative nerve centre for the smart city and launched the auric chatbot that will help anyone get their problems addressed by the city administration.
while addressing a state-level meet of empowered women involved in self-help groups, the pm announced that under the jal jeevan mission, the centre will invest rs 3.
5 lakh crore to tackle the problem of drinking water in the next five years.
the scheme aims to provide piped water to all rural households by 2024.
advertisingthe pm said that socialist leader ram manohar lohia had said that the biggest problems faced by women were related to water and toilet.
governments have come and gone.
but we decided to fulfil lohias dream.
we worked on providing toilets to women and ensuring water supply, he added.
every house will have a toilet.
every house will have water, he said.
referring to the significant role played by ghgs, modi said: we have extended several sops to them in the budget.
women, who have jana dhan accounts, will be allowed overdraft up to rs 5,000 without any charge.
this would make them less dependent on moneylenders.
the centre has decided that every member of shgs can avail loan up to rs 1 lakh under the mudra scheme to help them start businesses, he added.
out of the rs 20-crore loan distributed under the scheme, around rs 14 crore was given to women, the pm said, adding that out of the 1.
5 crore beneficiaries of the scheme in maharashtra, 1.
25 crore were women.
reiterating that the whole country will become open defecation free by 2022, modi said: we will also provide a home to every poor person in the country.
as as many have 1.
8 crore people have already benefited (from pradhan mantri awas yojana).
maintaining that the housing policy does not come with a one-fix formula, the pm said that the centre and the state have consulted the people to suit their requirements.
on the occasion, the pm handed over an lpg connection to ayesha sheikh rafiq from aurangabad  the 8th crore beneficiary under the ujjwala scheme.
he also gave away a lpg connection to nargis begum, who was brought in from kashmir for the same by the administration.
i have often spoken about providing lpg connection to 8 crore people.
today, i can proudly state that we have achieved the target seven months ahead of schedule, said modi.
he also praised the state governments water grid initiative in marathwada, claiming that availability of water will increase in every house once the scheme is completed.
chief minister devendrafadnavis described auric as a game changer for marathwada.
he added that 50 companies, including from the us, saudi arabia, japan, uk, china and south korea are keen on investing.
aurangabad and neighbouring jalna (being promoted as a logistic b) will emerge as the industrial magnet of india, fadnavis said.
advertisingspeaking about the samruddhi corridor, the cm said the eight-lane project  connecting nagpur to mumbai that passes through aurangabad and jalna will help these district witness industrial growth.
b'protesters gather at the cst.
protesters gather at the cst.
a rally to protest the demolition of ambedkar bhavan brought traffic in south and central mumbai to a standstill on tuesday morning.
rajya sabha mp and general secretary of the communist party of india (marxist) sitaram yechury, mumbai congress chief sanjay nirupam, aimim legislator from byculla waris pathan, shiv sena legislator neelam gorhe, among a phalanx of leaders cutting across party lines demanded action against the demolition of the historical building in dadar (east).
also present at the rally, which saw about 20,000 protesters, was kanhaiya kumar, president of jnu students union.
while the bjps leaders did not participate in the rally from byculla to vidhan bhavan, where the state legislature is in session, the partys legislators pressed chief minister devendrafadnavis to announce an inquiry into how the building, home to a printing press started by dr babasaheb ambedkar, was declared dangerous and fit for demolition.
watch video: whats making newsincidentally, fadnavis had conducted a bhoomi pujan for a 17-storey tower to replace the ambedkar bhavan on april 14, the birth anniversary of dr b r ambedkar.
the demolition of the old ambedkar bhavan was carried out on june 25.
while ambedkars grandsons prakash and anandraj, leaders of the bharatiya republican party (brp) bahujan mahasangh and the republican sena respectively, had immediately protested the demolition, an inquiry was ordered only on tuesday, over three weeks later.
tuesdays rally was organised mainly by prakash ambedkar and his brp.
the massive show of strength and the spontaneous participation of thousands of dalits was seen as a significant revival for him.
according to the police, there were at least 20,000 protesters at the rally, though organisers said the number was closer to 50,000.
starting from near byculla zoo around 12.
30 pm, the rally marched to cst, where more joined the protest.
prakash ambedkar questioned the states delay in ordering an inquiry.
the government has woken up today after the rally.
the language of the chief minister has changed after seeing the public on the road, he said, adding that attempts were being made to destroy all opposition parties and their ideologies.
hitler came to power in germany through democracy.
then, he finished the opposition and went on to become a dictator.
there seems to be a similar situation in our country, he said.
prakash ambedkar also promised that the ambedkar bhavan would be reconstructed through public participation, and urged people to gather at the dadar site on july 30.
yechury said he raised the issue in rajya sabha.
the centre promised to give orders to the state about reconstruction of the building.
the rally has brought left and dalit parties together.
nobody can defeat us, he said.
speaking first, kanhaiya said history should be preserved.
will the government demolish historical buildings such as cst, the bmc building or taj mahal to build multi-storeyed towers there?
asked kanhaiya, who slammed the bjp and termed the 125th birth anniversary celebrations of ambedkar as mere lip service by the union government.
the attempt to demolish the bhavan has been done so that people do not read babasahebs thoughts.
if they read, they will become rohith vemula, which wont allow right wing thoughts to flourish.
the ambedkar bhavan spread babasahebs ideology across india, kanhaiya said, also starting his azaadi chant.
neelam gorhe, the only sena leader present, said the sena had understood popular emotion regarding the razing of the building.
she said she would raise the issue in the legislative council and seek removal of ratnakar gaikwad, state information commissioner and retired ias officer, who was on board the peoples improvement trust, which is seeking to redevelop the bhavan into a 17-storey building.
i will raise the issue tomorrow in the council through a calling attention motion, gorhe told the indian express.
the water train ran from miraj to latur, 342 km away.
the first of the 50 tank wagons arrived in latur on april 10.
pradip das.
the water train ran from miraj to latur, 342 km away.
the first of the 50 tank wagons arrived in latur on april 10.
pradip das.
a year after it roped in a water train to quench the thirst of drought-hit latur city, the bjp managed to get a green signal from voters to rule the latur municipal corporation for five years which will be the first time in the 35-year-old history of the civic body.
in the 70-member lmc house, the bjp notched up 36 seats while the congress was relegated to the second position with 33 seats.
ncp managed the solitary seats.
though the initial trends showed that bjp was racing well beyond the clear majority and congress trailing far behind, the saffron party could only manage one seat more than the 35-seat majority mark.
the congress caught up in the later stages, securing 33 seats.
the victory is a big jolt, especially for the vilasrao deshmukh family.
for three decades, the congress had maintained its supremacy first over latur municipal council and then over latur municipal corporation  with the late vilasrao deshmukh himself leading the partys campaigning and picking candidates.
vilasrao died in 2012, the year which saw congress securing brute majority with 49 seats in the civic body.
vilasraos son, amit deshmukh, who is an mla from the area, took on the onus of carrying forward the fathers legacy, but could not ensure the partys victory in his very first election, lamented a congress worker.
unlike vilasrao who always remained among the masses, amit, alleged a congress leader, remains inaccessible to voters most of the time and his cellphone switched off, which went against the party.
though vilasraos actor-son reitish deshmukh held a rally for the congress which drew a sizeable crowd but it could not translate into votes for the party.
the victory is highly significant for bjp as it had drawn a blank in the 2012 elections while the congress had won 49 seats.
also, the latur city has highest muslim voter count at 70,000 who have been the traditional congress voters.
similarly, the lingayat community, which the bjp went all out to get on its side, has around 60,000 voters.
the maratha community, which has been agitating for maratha reservation, has 55,000 voters while dalit community has nearly 40,000 voters.
analysts said rally by chief minister devendrafadnavis and union nitin gadkari proved decisive for the party with both promising enough drinking water to slake laturs thirst.
mim chief asaduddin owaisis rally drew a goodly crowd but could not change the fortunes of the party which drew a blank in the city with highest muslim population.
the bjp tried to woo the muslim by fielding 4-5 muslim candidates.
at least one of them won.
it is clear that muslim also voted for the bjp, said analyst dr kalyan barmade.
another analysts said the 8000-strong marwari community also voted for the bjp after congress workers allegedly beat up a marawari resident three days before voting alleging that he was distributing money.
the bjp managed to play up this issue and win over marwari votes too.
analysts claimed that the lingayat community, which also tilts towards congress during elections, en masse vote for the bjp.
before the corporation election, bjp appointed a lingayat community member as the latur zp president which seems to have gone down well with the community, said barmade.
he said latur like other parts of the state or the country seems to have gone with the modi wave.
the upper caste, the dalits, all seem to have voted for bjp.
bjp leaders claimed that the initiative of roping water train last year, has paid rich dividends for the party.
this was the high point of our election campaign.
at his rally, chief minister devendrafadnavis also promised laturites that will get water through taps in future as his government was making all arrangements to ensure that the citizens dont suffer.
this surely seems to have been lapped up by the voters,  a bjp leader.
other bjp leaders too played up the train issue to woo the voters.
reacting to partys defeat, congress state president ashok chavan said, bjp won but it was a very narrow victory.
congress went down fightingwe have not done badly in latur, he said.
he said it would be wrong to blame amit deshmukh for the defeat, but would instead acknowledge the solid fight put up the party.
owing to the size of the potholes, the stretch is a nightmare for motorists.
owing to the size of the potholes, the stretch is a nightmare for motorists.
even as the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) maintains that concretisation of roads can effectively reduce the chances of potholes, a ride on p dmello road, the seven-km-long concrete arterial road in south mumbai, will disprove this.
several potholes can be seen on this stretch just three years after the bmc spent around rs 51 crore for improvement as well as widening of the road.
owing to the size of the potholes, the stretch is a nightmare for motorists.
despite the road-widening carried out by the bmc in 2012, there are plenty of potholes on the 1.
4-km stretch from the dockyard road railway station till the exit of the eastern expressway.
though the bmc has said that only 43 potholes are yet to be repaired, one can easily count over 50 just on p dmello road.
one of the largest potholes can be seen between the two exits of the eastern expressway.
apart from these potholes, traffic slows down because of random patches of paved blocks on various parts of the road, which has also caved in at several spots a little after the exit of the eastern expressway.
cm directs bmc to fill potholes in 15 dayschief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday issued directions to civic agencies to fill potholes in the city over the next 15 days.
a bjp delegation led by ashish shelar, bandra legislator and president of mumbai unit of bjp, met fadnavis regarding potholes on roads which are the responsibility of agencies such as the bmc, mmrda and pwd.
the recent rain has led to a huge number of potholes, which is causing traffic jams.
the cm directed the chief secretary to ask all the agencies to fill potholes in 15 days, said shelar.
at the district-wise drought review meeting, fadnavis interacted with 37 sarpanchs in parbhani district.
advertisingissuing a stern warning to the district administration, fadnavis asked the officials not to cite the code of conduct for the lapses in reaching drought-relief measures to people.
he expressed concern that there was not a single cattle camp in parbhani district where six talukas are drought hit.
only 58 water tankers have been deployed in the district.
the district administration, while planning drought relief, should consider the ground realities and requirements of the people and accordingly make provisions for more tankers and cattle camps, he said.
the chief minister has been under attack from congress-ncp leaders for not rising to the challenges of drought and instead focusing on polls tours.
from ncp president sharad pawar to state congress president ashok chavan, opposition leaders have targeted the chief minister for not touring the drought-hit region.
advertisingan official in the cmo, however, said, even during his election campaign, fadnavis used to hold review meetings to monitor drought measures.
the code of conduct to some extent impacted the drought work.
but from april 29 to may 9, he has held meetings daily to review the drought situation, district and taluka wise.
in the second phase, fadnavis has started meeting village sarpanchs and taluka officials.
on thursday, during the interaction, palam taluka sarpanch sangita morgil and maruti mane demanded water tankers in their taluka.
parbhani village sarpanch taramati dandavate said the projects under jalyukt shivar should be promoted to create greater participation and employment of villagers.
sarpanch seema kakde and sanjay pradhan said they require cattle camps to address the water scarcity and fodder supply for cow/cattle.
the other sarpanchs from parbhani district vaidyanath kadam, subash jadhav and ganesh kale complained about officials reluctance to sanction more water tankers which was causing a lot of hardship to the people.
chief secretary u p s madan, additional chief secretary praveen pardeshi, additional chief secretary (water supply) shyamlal goyal, water conservation secretary eknath dovle and relief and rehabilitation department secretary kishoreraje nimbalkar were present at the meeting, among others.
advertisingthe shiv sena and the bjp will enter into a pre-poll alliance.
after setting aside a few seats for smaller allies, the sena and bjp will equally divide the remaining seats, fadnavis told mediapersons during the partys mahajanadesh yatra.
while maintaining that both parties will retain the seats they had won in the 2014 polls, he said: bjp will retain 122 seats and sena 63.
in some cases, where necessary, the two parties will swap seats based on mutual consent.
sources said that while sena and bjp will contest 135 seats each, the remaining 18 seats will go to smaller parties like republican party of india (a), rashtriya samaj party and others.
advertisingwith sena and bjp taking out separate yatras ahead of the elections, fadnavis said: shiv sena and bjp are separate political parties.
it is natural they will work to expand and consolidate their respective party base.
on why sena did not join his yatra, he said, the bjp yatra to seek mahajanadesh is for mahauti (saffron coalition).
but since it is a bjp yatra, there was no reason for the sena to participate and vice versa.
sena and bjp had contested the 2014 assembly polls separately.
while the bjp had won 122 seats, sena bagged 63 seats, congress 42 and ncp 41.
smaller parties and independents had won 20 seats.
sources said that as a condition for entering into an alliance in the lok sabha elections earlier this year, sena president uddhav thackeray had ensured that the bjp made a formal commitment to enter into a pre-poll pact for the state polls.
b'devendra fadnavis had said he is fine with ipl moving out of the drought hit maharashtra.
maharashtra gains rs 100 cr from ipl and if the tournament goes out of the state, it will be a loss for the state, thakur told reporters on the sidelines of an event here.
he said the figure is based on a study done by the board of cricket control in india (bcci) after the last edition of the indian premier league (ipl).
faced with criticism over huge quantity of water usage for pitches for ipl, fadnavis had said we do not have any problem, if ipl is shifted from maharashtra this season.
no potable water will be provided for ipl this year.
thakur suggested the money earned from ipl can be better utilised by the maharashtra government for tackling drought and taking relief measures for the affected population.
it can be noted that maharashtra will be hosting 18 matches, spread across mumbai, pune and nagpur, during the this years season of the popular domestic t20 tournament.
he clarified the cricket board, too, is very concerned about the water crisis in the state and does not want to use potable water for maintaining the grounds.
it is also mulling to adopt drought-hit villages along with the franchises, who have been asked to prepare a report on what else can be done on the drought-mitigation front, thakur said.
the franchises and bcci will be presenting their side to the bombay high court on april 12 during hearing of a petition on shifting the ipl matches out of the state in the wake of water scarcity, he said.
a city-based ngo has petitioned the court challenging the use of over 60 lakh litres of water to maintain pitches and sought shifting of ipl matches out of the state given the second successive drought it is experiencing.
thakur acknowledged the cash-rich tournament has always been dogged by unwanted controversies in its nine-year history but stressed the league does a lot of good by helping talent meet opportunity.
the multi-city event, which is spread over nearly two months, helps the countrys youth find right cricket opportunities and also boosts the tourism sector, said the 41- year-old bcci secretary, who is also a lok sabha mp.
brihanmumbai municipal corporation brihanmumbai municipal corporationfollowing an inquiry into a scam pertaining to the supply of fake anaesthesia workstation machines, the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) has permanently blacklisted the contractor and also blocked its vendor registration to prevent him from participating in tenders of other departments.
also, the civic body has initiated full-fledged departmental inquiries against officials of four departments who allegedly failed in supervising and verifying the documents at their level.
the departments include the central purchase department, hospitals, finance, audit and vigilance.
in september last year, the scam was exposed by congress corporator pravin chheda.
he had claimed that of the 51 uk-made machines ordered by the civic body in 2012, 31 were fake.
bmc had paid rs 6 crore to procure the anaesthesia workstation machines from the uk.
while 20 out of the 51 machines were imported from the uk, the remaining 31 were not.
chheda had alleged that these machines were made in china and reportedly procured from gurgaon.
the contractor, m/s universal organic, forged documents to showed the machines to have been imported from uk.
watch video: whats making newsat all levels, civic officials said, the departments concerned did not verify the records about the machines.
the contractor was asked to submit third party inspection report before shipment of consignment, country of origin, insurance certificate and original insurance which are required to be submitted at the time to providing these machines.
it was found that contractor submitted fake documents.
he added that the officials of various departments did not verify the records submitted by the contractor.
and the payment was made to the contractor for it.
all these officials were responsible for asking required documents from the contractor and verifying it.
but, they did not do so, the cm said in his reply.
the civic body has also filed an fir against the contractor at the agripada police station.
palghar saw the biggest clash between two estranged allies, bjp and shiv sena, and the results are likely to have a bearing on the shiv senas decision to go solo in the 2019 general elections.
(express photo) palghar saw the biggest clash between two estranged allies, bjp and shiv sena, and the results are likely to have a bearing on the shiv senas decision to go solo in the 2019 general elections.
(express photo)hours after bjp retained the palghar lok sabha seat in maharashtra, trouncing shriniwas wanga of shiv sena by over 29,000 votes, the uddhav thackeray-led party shot off a letter to the election commission, alleging discrepancies in the counting of votes and demanding a recount.
the party also asked the chief election commissioner to withhold the results of palghar constituency until recounting was completed.
follow lok sabha bypoll results 2018 live updates herepalghar saw the biggest clash between two estranged allies, bjp and shiv sena, and the results are likely to have a bearing on the shiv senas decision to go solo in the 2019 general elections.
the bypoll was necessitated following the death of bjp mp chintaman wanaga in january this year and sena fielded wanagas son shrinivas.
however, it seems senas ploy of throwing bjp off the perch by garnering sympathy votes failed and the constituencys substantial north indian population voted en masse for the saffron party.
in the letter to the cec, shiv sena leader ketan chandrakant patil alleged that during the counting process, there were huge anomalies in round numbers 20-26 and asked the election watchdog for a recount of votes.
calling it a serious issue, the letter further asked the poll panel not to declare the final result till the re-counting of votes was done.
gavit was in the congress before joining the bjp and had been a minister in the previous congress-ncp government.
palghar, on the outskirts of mumbai, is a scheduled tribe reserved constituency.
winning or losing is not as much important as taking forward the good work done by my father, wanaga said after the loss.
we will rectify our mistakes and i am confident we will win the election in 2019, he added, alleging that bjp had used all possible means to win the elections.
follow assembly bypoll results 2018 live updates herethis is not the first time that shiv sena has pointed fingers at the bjp, accusing the party of misconduct in palghar.
two days ahead of the palghar lok sabha bypoll, thackeray released an audio clip of chief minister devendrafadnavis , where he is purportedly heard asking bjp workers to use saam, daam, dand, bhed (negotiation, money, punishment and division) to win the may 28 bye-election.
referring to the call of a statewide signature campaign by opposition parties, demanding a switch from evms to ballot paper system on august 21, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis saturday said that they think that elections are won on the basis of electronic voting machines (evms).
advertisingwe go to voters because we know it is them who vote for us and make us win, fadnavis was quoted as saying by ani at bhandara in maharashtra.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis , in bhandara: why were evms not malfunctioning when supriya sule won?
they formed govts in mp, chhattisgarh, rajasthan, why did evms not malfunction?
for 10 years, they had govt from panchayat to parliament, but the evms didnt malfunction then.
https://t.
co/iywycujhex  ani (@ani) august 3, 2019the chief minister attacked the opposition and asked why the evms were not malfunctioning when supriya sule won?
they (congress) formed governments in madhya pradesh, chhattisgarh and rajasthan, why did the evms not malfunction?
he added, saying that the congress had governments from panchayat to parliament for 10 years, but the evms didnt malfunction then.
mocking the congress, fadnavis remarked that the party was like a student sitting in an exam who is making excuses for not knowing anything.
this is like a student sitting in an exam, not knowing answers, not writing anything and flunking the exam.
when the father asks him, he says, papa my pen stopped working, so i flunked.
the chief minister had on friday asked opposition parties to introspect, instead of taking to the streets against the use of evms in elections.
he described the opposition as confused and vulnerable, adding that the real issue was not about evms and that the opposition had taken the people for granted and failed to deliver.
they lost public support because people no longer trust them, he added, saying that they should admit that they lost peoples mandate in the lok sabha polls.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis at the swearing-in ceremony of yogi adityanath in lucknow.
express maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis at the swearing-in ceremony of yogi adityanath in lucknow.
expressexpressing concern over the bjps decision to appoint yogi adityanath as the chief minister of uttar pradesh, ncp president sharad pawar said sunday he was worried about the people of up.
there is possibility of the real development agenda taking a backseat with mandir-masjid politics taking centre stage, he said.
pawar said, communal politics will get precedence over development politics.
up is a big state, it required a leader who would take the development agenda ahead.
urging all like-minded secular parties to join hands, he said, the bjps mandate in up calls for a unity within secular parties.
all other parties need to do introspection about their shortcomings and provide an alternative to the bjp.
stating that he had held no such discussion with anybody till now, pawar indicated that any proposal coming his way to be part of such an alliance would be reciprocated.
the development in up, meanwhile, evoked mixed reactions in the state.
the shiv sena welcomed the appointment of adityanath.
sena mp sanjay raut said, now the bjp should be able to construct the ram temple in ayodhya.
we welcome adityanaths appointment.
reacting to the appointment of two deputy cms, raut said, bjp had dismissed the demand for a deputy cm in maharashtra.
but it works for them in up.
the congress was critical of the bjps choice.
the congress has always been against communal politics, said a senior party leader who did not wish to be named.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)to counter the sangharsh yatra recently undertaken by the congress and the ncp in maharashtra, the bjp thursday announced its intention to embark upon a samvad yatra to take the governments welfare plans to the masses.
chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday raised the pitch for a bharat-rajya rather than a ram-rajya in maharashtra.
their (oppositions) sangharsh yatra drew no response from the farmers because the farming community knows what they did during their regime our samvad yatra will take the welfare policies right up to the last farmer, said the cm, ridiculing the oppositions sangharsh yatra that demanded, among other things, loan waiver for farmers.
the cm said the samvad yatra was being undertaken as part of the year-long pandit deendayal upadhyaya birth anniversary celebrations.
addressing bjp ministers, mlas, mayors, leaders and workers at the partys two-day executive committee held in pimpri-chinchwad, fadnavis asked party mps, mlas, corporators to stay away from their homes for 15 days and reach out to farmers.
we have to reach out to about 25 lakh farmers in the state to know the exact status of the governments welfare measures and how much the farming community is benefiting from them, he said.
the cm said the farmers were waiting for a samvad (dialogue) with bjp leaders and workers.
therefore, as part of the deendayal upadhyaya birth anniversary celebrations, we have decided to hold dialogues with farmers in every nook and corner of maharashtra, he said.
emphasising that bjp identified itself more with bharat-rajya rather than ram-rajya, fadnavis said janata was the ram and bjp was in the role of a trustee, means it has to behave like bharat.
he said the concept of ram-rajya was an ideal one, but ramcharitmanas mentions how bharat-rajya set a unique example in governance.
bharat ruled for 14 years, not as the king but as trustee.
he never behaved like a king.
similarly, we are not owners butare the sevaks of people, he said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis chief minister devendra fadnavischief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday gave some tips to the thane police on how to respond to the tweets posted by harassed commuters.
the incident takes place after a commuter had tweeted to thane police informing there was a heavy traffic jam at godbunder towards the fountain hotel.
the thane police responded suggesting, it is in jurisdiction of thane rural police.
kindly intimate them.
fadnavis, who was also tagged in the tweet, then posted to thane police, your reply should be it is under thane rural police jurisdiction and we will inform them.
sources in the cmo said the chief minister believed it was wrong to refer people to others.
it is much easier for one police station to communicate with other and sort out the matter, said a source.
thane police apparently deleted its reply later.
b'a state cabinet meeting chaired by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis took the decision.
a state cabinet meeting chaired by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis took the decision.
a day-long session of the maharashtra legislature has been convened on august 29 to ratify the goods and services tax (gst) bill passed by both houses of parliament recently.
the decision was taken on monday at a state cabinet meeting chaired by chief m devendrafadnavis , a cmo official said.
the constitution (122nd amendment) bill, 2014 on gst has already been passed by the lok sabha and the rajya sabha.
the gst bill, seen as single biggest tax reform in a long time, needs to be ratified by at least 15 state legislatures before the president can notify the gst council which will decide the new tax rate and other issues.
assam became the first state to ratify the bill.
last week, bihar became the first non-nda state to ratify it after chief minister nitish kumar counted virtues of the tax reform.
the government has set a deadline of april, 2017 for its rollout.
gst aims to do away with multiple-tax regime on goods and services and bring them under one rate.
it will alter the present system of production-based taxation to a consumption-based one.
while manufactured consumer goods will become cheaper as the incidence of excise duty and vat will come down from 25-26 per cent at present, the cost of services would by and large, go up from the present 15 per cent levels.
over 100 liquor bars and outlets have been told not to serve liquor in the capital, most of them located on the national highway 8 stretch between airport and mahipalpur in delhi.
(representational image) over 100 liquor bars and outlets have been told not to serve liquor in the capital, most of them located on the national highway 8 stretch between airport and mahipalpur in delhi.
(representational image)the drive to close down liquor outlets along highways continued today across the country evoking divergent views, even as restaurant and hotel owners who are staring at losses looked towards state governments for support.
the clampdown continued across major cities while long queues of tipplers were visible outside vends still selling liquor.
bihar chief minister nitish kumar supported the supreme court order barring the sale of liquor within 500 metres of national and state highways, found appreciation but added that such piecemeal attempts would,not serve much purpose and sought a total ban on alcohol in the country.
speaking to reporters, nitish, who has banned alcohol in bihar said that prime minister narendra modi should implement it as a tribute to mahatama gandhi.
bjp mp kirron kher differed as she questioned the logic of not allowing liquor sale in five star hotels.
it is a question of more than a million jobs, she said pointing out that the hotel industry is a major job generator.
khers party colleague and mla from indore sudarshan gupta however demanded the chief minister shivraj singh chouhan a complete ban on liquor in madhya pradesh.
in delhi, several bar and restaurant owners contested the the 500 metres distance as measured by the excise department and made representations.
their claims are being verified.
over 100 liquor bars and outlets have been told not to serve liquor in the capital, most of them located on the national highway 8 stretch between airport and mahipalpur.
in mumbai, the hotel and restaurant association of western india (hrawi) has decided to take up the issue with maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
we will be meeting the chief minister tomorrow to discuss the impact of liquor ban on employment and other issues related to the industry, hrawi president dilip datwani said.
around 9,925 restaurants and bars in maharashtra have been impacted after the supreme court order, including nearly 50 star rated hotels, according to industry estimates.
in punjab, the wedding season is in full swing and marriage palaces owners claim that the excise departments action asking them not to provide liquor is not in the right spirit.
in the sc order, there is no mention of marriage palaces which have been barred from serving liquor.
moreover, there is a ban on sale of liquor in the order while marriage palaces do not sell or purchase liquor.
customers who organise functions in palaces serve liquor to their guests.
therefore, marriage palaces should not be barred from serving liquor, said sukhdev singh sidhu, president, punjab marriage palace and resort association.
the excise department in the state has now sought the opinion of the state advocate general on the matter, officials said.
the odisha government has estimated that it is likely to incur a loss of revenue to the tune of rs 1200 crore per annum as 1167 liquor shops in the state were barred from serving liquor.
the state is likely to lose rs 1200 crore per annum plus vat if these 1167 liquor shops remain closed for the year, a senior official in the odisha excise department said adding that the state had set a target of earning above rs 3300 crore as excise revenue in 2017-18 fiscal.
apart from revenue loss due to closure of liquor shops located within 500 meters from the national and state highways, a large number of people also apprehend loss of jobs.
left high and dry following the liquor ban on highways, owners of affected hotels, bars and restaurants owners in punjab, haryana and chandigarh are now pinning hopes on their respective governments to save their trade.
they have also decided to meet union culture and tourism minister mahesh sharma and haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar to discuss about the impact of supreme court order banning sale of liquor within 500 meters of state and national highways.
alone 25,000 people will be jobless in haryana alone because of the ban on serving liquor (within 500 metres of highways), hotel and restaurant association of haryana (hrah), president, manbeer chaudhary said today.
long queues of tipplers were seen infront of liquor shops at various places across kerala for the second day today following closure of nearly 2000 outlets abutting the national and state highways.
the first day of each month is a dry day in the statekerala is staring at a revenue loss of about rs 5000 crore due to the closure of 1956 outlets following the apex court order.
the states finance minister thomas isaac said the revenue loss would adversely impact the funding of the government.
to overcome the crisis, government was mulling various options, he said.
according to sources government plans to relocate the outlets as per the apex court directive.
there were also proposal to open more counters in the outlets to meet the demand of tipplers.
in many places, police had to intervene to control the people standing in queues for hours in front of outlets which were open.
the supreme court had in a recent order held that liquor vends within 500 metres of national and state highways will have to shut down from april 1.
for areas having population up to 20,000, it has allowed liquor vends at a distance of 220 metres from the highways.
the brihanmumbai municipal corporation is poised for a multi-cornered contest for the mayors post, with the shiv sena refusing to engage in any workable tie-up with the bjp.
however, sources said the top leadership of the sena had decided not to stretch the differences in the bmc to destablise the bjp-led government in maharashtra.
watch what else is making newsthe sena, the bjp, the congress and the mns will all filed their candidates for the mayors post.
while the congresss move seems to be to test which way the ncp will vote, the mns has raked the marathi mayor issue.
we will not compromise on our stand for a marathi mayor and nobody should take our support for granted, an mns leader said.
late on friday, the bjp renewed its efforts to get the shiv sena on board to share power in the cash-rich bmc.
however, the sena has indicated that it would like to prove its political might in the mayoral election.
a highly placed source in the bjp said, chief minister devendrafadnavis is keen to engage the sena in a dialogue and thrash out a mutually agreeable formula for the bmc.
to this end, a formal proposal is being worked on by the bjp to bring the sena to the discussion table.
a top bjp leader said that the fractured mandate  with the sena winning 84 seats and the bjp 82  shows that the people rate the two at par, and they should work together.
however, a shiv sena political strategist argued, let us field our candidates for the mayor.
whoever gets more seats will win.
similarly, let the numbers be the base for determining the formation of other committees in the civic body.
a senior sena functionary told the indian express that party president uddhav thackeray did not want to compromise its upper hand in the bmc and the bjp should respect that.
however, after a series of deliberations, the sena has come to a conclusion that it should not link the bmc developments to the fadnavis government in maharashtra.
a senior leader said, the shiv sena will not withdraw its support from the fadnavis government.
the bjp-sena alliance in the state is an outcome of the public mandate.
our support to bjp was for the states stability.
moreover, we know that if we withdraw support now, the ncp will make it to the government.
we are not going to fall into the ncps trap.
the legislative assembly has 288 seats.
while the bjp holds 123 of these, the sena has 63, the congress 42 and the ncp 41.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday announced that the state government will amend laws to make stricter provisions for the implementation of marathi language in schools across all boards.
advertisingfadnavis statement in the state legislative council comes two weeks after the chief minister while inaugurating a school in thane, asked the students to learn marathi voluntarily rather than out of compulsion.
he had also stressed on the importance of imparting value education in schools along with regular syllabus.
fadnavis remarks come at a time when regional leaders across the country have been protesting against the alleged imposition of hindi language by the central government through the new education policy.
constable lalita salve.
(express photo by prashant nadkar) constable lalita salve.
(express photo by prashant nadkar)police constable lalita salve of beed district, whose application for a gender reassignment surgery received the nod from maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis earlier this year, will be in mumbai on tuesday to admit herself to the state-run jj hospital.
speaking to the indian express, salve (29) said that on sunday, her spo communicated to her the governments decision to grant her leave to undergo the surgery.
i am on my way to mumbai and my first stop will be the jj hospital, where i will get myself admitted for the surgery, added salve, who has been fighting since september last year to undergo the surgery.
she had said that she would like to be re-inducted into the maharashtra police as a male constable.
in march this year, fadnavis, who also holds the home portfolio, had cleared the file permitting salve to undergo a gender reassignment surgery.
spo rajeev talekar said his office received a letter from the state home department on sunday.
in the letter, the government has granted salve the permission to undergo a surgery.
i have informed salve about the same and her sick leave has been sanctioned.
salve said she was grateful to the cm, the dgp, her sp and the staff at the majalgaon police station, where she is posted.
i just cannot express in words how happy i am today, salve said over the telephone.
earlier, salve had said that the wait for official communication from the home department was causing her anxiety.
am i lalita or lalit?
i have no answer when people ask me.
sometimes i feel suicidal, she had said.
on sunday, as soon as she heard the news, she called her mother kesaribi.
my mother is the happiest.
she has seen me weep.
she knows what i was going through.
we both cried on sunday, but those were happy tears.
inducted in maharashtra police in 2010 as a woman police constable, salve has been posted at various police stations in beed, besides a two-year stint with the riot control police of the district.
she is currently attached to damini pathak, a specialised unit formed to arrest what the locals call roadside romeos.
however, beed sp sreedhar govindrajan was noncommittal on salves reinduction to the force as a male constable.
the government has granted salve the permission to undergo a surgery, following which, she has proceeded on leave from monday.
on the point about salve being reinducted as a male constable, the dgp office has written to the state home department seeking clarification, he said.
a senior official from the dgp office said the communique from the home department only states that the constable should be granted permission to undergo the surgery.
the dgp office has sent to the home department the medical records from a government hospital, which had earlier opined that salve that was a male but reared as a female.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
express photo maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
express photothe shiv sena, part of the ruling alliance in maharashtra, has hinted in its party mouthpiece that chief minister devendrafadnavis had a hand in the recent ouster of senior minister eknath khadse from the government.
khadse thought this johnny-come-lately (devendra fadnavis) knows little about politics.
jalgaons nathabhu felt that he was the government.
however, he never realised this yesterdays lad was packing the firecracker with gunpowder, an editorial in saamana has said.
it said the acb had been behind khadses pa gajanan patil for the past six months, but khadse had no clue about it.
by this, we understand the secrecy in the working style of fadnavis, the editorial said.
the pride of how he was the one who informed the sena of the alliance being called off was always there on khadses face.
all those who have crossed path with the sena have either been flattened or gone to jail, saamana said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday shifted principal secretary milind mhaiskar out of the cmo, giving him the key post of vice-president and chief executive officer of the maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada).
the post had been vacant since the retirement of sambhaji zende on april 30.
mhaiskar, a 1992-batch ias officer, had been with the cmo since november 7, 2014.
he was among the first bureaucrats to be appointed into the cmo.
government sources said mhaiskar had expressed an interest for the new assignment.
fadnavis is yet to announce mhaiskars successor.
mhada is the states nodal agency for the implementation of the prime ministers flagship housing for all initiative.
the agency has planned affordable housing projects worth several crores to meet the objective.
fadnavis also made four other changes in the bureaucracy on wednesday.
ahmednagar civic chief dilip gawade (2007-batch) was replaced by ghanashyam mangale (2007).
ravindra binwade (2012), chief executive officer, ahmednagar zilla parishad, was replaced by vv mane (2009).
while gawade has been posted as the additional tribal commissioner (nashik), binwade will now be the ceo of the nandurbar zilla parishad.
b'cm devendrafadnavis cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra assembly passed a new law on wednesday to make social boycott a crime that invites imprisonment of up to seven years and a fine of rs 5 lakh or both.
social boycott prohibition officers are to be recruited by the state to detect offences and assist the magistrate and police officers in tackling cases.
be it in the name of caste, tradition or religion, social boycott is indeed a serious problem  but it does not need a new law.
the added layer of bureaucracy to monitor it would, in all probability, be ineffectual in addressing the problem, while encouraging tendencies of state-sponsored vigilantism, which are already rampant in maharashtra.
the fadnavis governments move may be well-intentioned but it points to an old indian syndrome: the rush to legislate to fix a complex social issue.
new laws are also often resorted to in order to distract from the administrations failures to work the existing laws.
it is rightly said that india is an overregulated but undergoverned state.
the recent fireworks tragedy in kollam, for instance, exposed how the impotence of the local government agencies to enforce due procedures and the rule of law resulted in the death of over a hundred persons.
based on the guidelines laid down for the conduct of fireworks at public places and reports by authorised state agencies, the district collector and the deputy magistrate had denied permission to hold the event.
however, the influential temple administration, with help from local politicians, flouted the order.
it was not the absence of a law, but the inability to implement it that caused the tragedy.
indian penal law already has ample provisions to punish discriminatory practices based on caste, gender or faith.
if the maharashtra administration has failed to enforce these, the problem must be addressed at that level, instead of bringing in a new law.
by indiscriminately adding new laws and announcing special bans, the state, and often the courts, invite allegations of overreach and pave the way for a diminution of their own credibility and authority when their diktat is flouted and defied, or simply ignored.
b'thackerays comments came in the backdrop of allegations of corruption worth rs 10 crore in konkan region made by senior shiv sena leader ramdas kadam.
(representational image) thackerays comments came in the backdrop of allegations of corruption worth rs 10 crore in konkan region made by senior shiv sena leader ramdas kadam.
(representational image)the bjp on tuesday termed as improper the allegations of corruption in jalyukta shivar scheme levelled by shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray and said information regarding irregularities should have been shared with the state cabinet rather than media.
uddhavji has made allegations of corruption in the jalyukt shivar scheme which is improper.
the sena is part of the government and hence if there was some information, it should have been shared with the state cabinet first rather than going to media, bjp minister ram shinde told reporters at mumbai.
the minister for water conservation said investigation into the alleged irregularities is on and ratnagiri district collector will submit a report by this evening.
whoever is found guilty will face strict action.
but the shiv sena cannot distance itself from anything happening in the state as they too are part of the government, shinde said.
the sena president should therefore adopt a responsible stance over issues, he added.
shinde said projects under jalyukt shivar need to be sanctioned by gram sabhas and a project report has to be submitted after visiting the area.
districts collectors, after obtaining reports from tehsildars and praant adhikaris grant the final approval.
hence this scheme is a very transparent one, he said.
this project is chief minister devendrafadnavis dream project and is under constant scrutiny.
hence, substandard work or irregularities cannot take place, shinde said.
thackeray had on monday questioned if corruption were to happen in chief minister devendrafadnavis pet project as well.
thackerays comments came in the backdrop of allegations of corruption worth rs 10 crore in konkan region made by senior shiv sena leader ramdas kadam.
according to kadam, work done under the water conservation scheme in ratnagiris dapoli, khed and mandangadh is only on paper and there is no actual work done.
yet, bills of the bogus work have been cleared by officials.
the court had directed the sra to drive the illegal tenants out of the schemes and take the houses in its custody.
the court had directed the sra to drive the illegal tenants out of the schemes and take the houses in its custody.
ahead of the 2017 bmc elections, the state government on monday put a stay on the ouster of 1.
63 lakh illegal tenants violating the slum rehabilitation authority norms in mumbai suburbs.
the state government has also assured to set up the maharashtra housing regulatory authority in the next two months to streamline problems in the housing sector.
the apex court had directed the sra to conduct a survey of the allotments under this scheme in the city to ascertain illegal transfer of tenements by original allottees.
the court had directed the sra to drive the illegal tenants out of the schemes and take the houses in its custody.
housing minister prakash mehta said, since the tenants who brought the houses and those who sold them are poor, we have decided to stay the process of vacating the occupants.
since the supreme court has urged the sra to drive the occupants out of the dwellings for violating the norms, we will refer the matter to the law and judiciary department.
accordingly, we would place our views in the court.
earlier, ashish shelar (mla) had written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis and also raised the issue in the state legislative assembly.
earlier, the court noted that if action was not taken against those who were violating the rules, the objective of the sra would be defeated, as allottees were given tenements for free.
as per rules, occupants who get houses through sra are prohibited from selling it within ten years.
padmaavat is all set to release on january 25.
padmaavat is all set to release on january 25.
the supreme courts decision to stay the ban announced by four state government on screening the movie, padmaavat, is unprecedented and should be viewed as such by the film industry and cbfc.
moreover, the court has directed the state governments  rajasthan, madhya pradesh, gujarat and haryana  to ensure law and order.
what is equally important is that the makers of the movie, director sanjay leela bhansali, his producers as well as the 500-plus cast and crew who worked on the film, have stood up to the freedom of speech and bullies.
this needs to be loudly lauded because it comes from members of an industry that more often than not chooses to cower behind the flimsiest of reasons.
there have been several instances in the past where filmmakers have given in, sometimes to the central bureau of film certification (cbfc) and at other times to members of fringe groups and political parties looking to gain mileage from controversies that may surround a film.
a recent such instance in 2016 involved karan johars ae dil hai mushkil.
the films release was opposed by raj thackerays maharashtra navnirman sena (mns), which protested against the fact that the films cast included a pakistani actor, fawad khan.
this took place at a time when relations between the two neighbours had severely deteriorated.
but karan johar did not approach the countrys legal system and instead subscribed to the prevalent jingoistic sentiment of the time, by declaring his patriotism on his sleeves.
so one of the most powerful personalities of the film industry stooped to engage with political powers and a truce was famously arrived at between the two parties, after the bjp-led states chief minister, devendrafadnavis , played mediator.
mns even claimed that karan johar donated rs 5 lakh towards the army welfare fund as part of the truce.
also read | padmaavat to release across india as supreme court stays ban by four statesthe incident was one of great shame where a states chief minister had publicly endorsed a bully instead of assuring the makers and exhibitors that anyone breaking law in maharashtra will be punished.
what we saw in the padmaavat case is hardly different.
the four states that banned the film are all led by the ruling bjp.
the chief ministers of each state, instead of protecting the film, have allied with and endorsed the fringe hindutva group karni sena, and announced a ban.
this despite the fact that the supreme court, in an earlier case, had left the decision to ban or clear the film to the cbfc, which had certified it as u/a, with suggested changes.
the filmmakers have not only, at each step, complied with law and followed due process, they have also, reportedly, accepted the suggested changes by the cbfc.
among other things, they changed the films title from padmavati to padmaavat.
and throughout, they maintained a dignified silence, neither badmouthing the cbfc nor criticising public sentiment.
on the other hand, several bjp mps from across the country, including union minister nitin gadkari, have supported the anti-padmaavat protesters who have, ever since the film was being shot, behaved in the most aggressive and violent ways.
prime minister narendra modi, who took time out to laud akshay kumars toilet: ek prem katha on social media, has also remained silent on the treatment of padmaavat.
it all started in january 2017 when the so-called karni sena vandalised the films sets in jaipur, also reportedly physically attacking the films director, sanjay leela bhansali.
the group was protesting against the supposed on-screen portrayal of the rajput queen padmavati.
the filmmaker opted for the safety of his crew and moved the shoot to kolhapur where the set again suffered at the hands of miscreants.
after several such roadblocks, the films release was announced for december 1 and the song ghoomar released as part of the promotions.
all hell broke loose soon after as massive protests against the film began across madhya pradesh, gujarat and rajasthan.
in jaipur, subsequently, a man was found dead, his body hanging from the nahargarh fort with a message that was vague but in context of the film.
also read | as sc lifts ban on padmaavat, heres a timeline of the hurdles it facedinterestingly, the protesters have not watched the film until today.
also, whether queen padmavati ever lived, or if she was a fictional character from malik muhammad jayasis acclaimed work padmavat, is highly debated.
when the events unfolded, the filmmakers must have wondered why they were being targeted, unsure what there was in the trailer for hindus not to like?
the director, in keeping with the bigotry of our times, had given the audience the allauddin khilji they wanta brutal, unkempt savage muslim leader who eats raw meat and perhaps lusts after another mans wife.
in contrast, the rajput king ratan singh and queen padmavati, in shahid kapoor and deepika padukone, come across as brave, beautiful, the kind who believe in everlasting love and who are willing to give up their lives fighting evil foreign forces that threaten to take over their land.
as several petitions to stay the films release landed in front of the supreme court in november, it placed the ball in cbfcs court, which cleared the film before the new year dawned, perhaps in hope of fresh beginnings.
the elections in gujarat were over and the bjp had managed to retained power.
the controversy can now be put behind, the i&b ministry, which oversees the cbfc, must have thought.
but the rut continued and the bjp-ruled states, chose their side, one that did not favour the law.
it is this stand that the films reticent team challenged in the sc yesterday.
some believe that team padmaavat should have approached the legal system before, when cbfc issued a statement claiming they suggested a mere five changes (rumours have it that 300 cuts were suggested).
but even now, the makers, in their first official communication to announce the new release date as january 25, have been evasive about the issues they faced, only saying that the film celebrates rajput valour.
after all, a film, which is the labour of many hands  at least 500-odd people in cases like padmaavatstands to lose a lot more if it ruffles feathers, given that there are several stakeholders involved, including exhibitors.
certainly, padmaavats makers have conducted themselves well, staying away from reactionary statements, but following the legal and due processes.
they have also fought a lonely battle because the film industry rarely unites over anything  members of the fraternity had a token protest and strike that did not draw any powerful names).
the only one instance in recent memory when some prominent industry names came together to protest against cbfcs stance was over the anurag kashyap-produced udta punjab.
eventually, the bombay high court allowed the film to release with a mere one cut.
for this long, patient battle, the supreme court has rewarded padmaavat with what is due to them, striking down the ban on the films screening so it can have a peaceful release on january 25.
the court has, in fact, placed the onus on the respective governments to ensure that fringe elements do not dictate terms in the running of the states.
the films makers stood up for their rights.
the countrys judicial system has yet again demonstrated that bullies have no place in a democracy.
b'amit shah(r), sources said, told thackeray, that the bjp is ready to make course corrections as a fallout of some misunderstandings or circumstances and that the bjp desired a pre-poll alliance with the sena for the 2019 polls.
amit shah(r), sources said, told thackeray, that the bjp is ready to make course corrections as a fallout of some misunderstandings or circumstances and that the bjp desired a pre-poll alliance with the sena for the 2019 polls.
describing the meeting between party president amit shah and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray at the latters residence as positive, the bjp on wednesday said that more meetings between top leaders of the two parties were likely in the coming months.
after holding talks with thackeray, shah held a meeting with top leadership of the bjp to discuss the political challenges and strategy for the 2019 lok sabha polls.
highly placed sources in the bjp told the indian express, the top leadership of bjp and shiv sena are likely to hold two to three such meetings in the coming months.
it was a good beginning.
it helped in mending broken fences specially in the backdrop of bitterness developed during the lok sabha by-polls at palghar.
read | amit shah visits matoshree, meets uddhav thackeray for two-and-half hourschief minister devendrafadnavis was also present at the meeting between shah and thackeray, where issues related to coalition conflict, both political and administrative, were discussed.
conceding that the bjp had taken the initiative for the meeting with shiv sena, insiders in the party said, it is part of strategy to reach out to each and every alliance partner ahead of the 2019 lok sabha elections.
shah, sources said, told thackeray, that the bjp is ready to make course corrections as a fallout of some misunderstandings or circumstances and that the bjp desired a pre-poll alliance with the sena for the 2019 polls.
also read | sampark for samarthan: bjp president meets madhuri, ratan tatathe party stressed that the sena was a most valued partner.
conceding that they were not expecting any concrete commitment on any pre-poll tie up in the very first meeting, a senior cabinet minister said, what cannot be overlooked is that sena leaders held a dialogue with bjp leaders for almost two hours.
in politics decisions are not taken overnight and both parties are bound to evaluate ground realities and arrive at a consensus, he said.
a bjp leader said, thackeray welcomed shah and fadnavis.
when the meeting concluded, thackeray accompanied by son aaditya walked upto the main entrance to see off the bjp leaders.
thackeray displayed no hostility against the bjp leadership.
explaining the political significance of the meeting, a bjp leader said, in the last four years of the narendra modi government, shah was always perceived as a hardliner (anti-sena).
therefore, engaging shah for a dialogue with thackeray was a first step to break the ice.
maharashtra transport minister diwakar raote has voiced his opposition to the state governments move to denotify highways to get around the supreme court-imposed ban on sale of liquor near highways.
people now believe that by finding such escape clauses, the state government is promoting liquor consumption in the state.
its not befitting of a progressive state like maharashtra to take such a decision.
i, as the head of the state road safety corporation, would strongly like to voice my feelings on this proposal, said the senior shiv sena leader in a letter to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the minister also claimed that by denotifying highways, the state government faced the possibility of facing the wrath of the supreme court for contempt of court.
it is imperative to understand that the order given by the supreme court is not actually about liquor but about road safety.
by handing over roads to urban local bodies whose poor economic condition does not allow them to even pay their own employees, you are creating a situation which will lead to deterioration of these roads further and the possibility of accidents increasing instead, raote said.
the state government has handed over roads in dhule, yavatmal and mumbai to urban local bodies for maintenance.
there are a total of 25,513 liquor vending licencees in the state of which 15,699 lie within 500 meter distance of highways and have been impacted.
of these nearly 10,000 are bars and restaurants of which 450 are located in mumbai.
the indian hotel and restaurant association (ahar) had claimed that the shut down would directly and indirectly impact the livelihood of nearly 8 to 10 lakh residents of the state.
the state was also facing a revenue loss of close to rs 7,000 crore annually and was keen to help the liquor industry.
over 35,238 jalyukta shivar works have been completed with a total expenditure of rs 351.
28 crore.
over 35,238 jalyukta shivar works have been completed with a total expenditure of rs 351.
28 crore.
the state government has set itself the daunting task of converting 6,883 villages, shortlisted under two phases of jalyukta shivar projects, as water neutral in year 2016-17.
a detailed mapping of the villages along with work progress comes with a non-negotiable rider of being water neutral in a time-bound manner.
along with jalyukta shivar abhiyan work assessment, district collectors have started the water audit.
the emphasis on audit to ascertain the villages water neutrality is to reassure the long term planning complete with policy shift on giving significance to increase in water tables.
in all villages where jalyukta shivar works have been completed 100 per cent or were in progress in varying degrees, officials have been asked to carry out scientific water audit to ascertain quantum increase in surplus water factoring village requirements worked along with ratio of population for domestic use, agriculture and industries.
tackling water scarcity was the immediate concern in drought prone regions.
but we are now focusing on making villages water neutral.
the significant aspect that determines the village water neutral is the index of the underground water table.
unless, there is a substantial increase in water tables driven by recharge technology, we cannot expect the desired results.
while describing the first two phases of 2.
74 lakh jalyukta shivar works across 11,483 villages as extremely fruitful, he said, we have to meticulously plan water management and crop patterns village wise.
according to statistics on october 2016, jalyukta shivar works in second phase (2016-17) across 5,281 villages planned 51,701 projects.
35,238 works have been completed.
total expenditure so far rs 351.
28 crore.
public participation in second phase resulted in 1,886 de-silting work undertaken by villagers whose contribution was rs 113 crore.
the first phase across 6,202 villages (2015-16) saw completion of 2,22,531 works.
public participation was seen in 6,183 de-silting works and the contribution was rs 401 crore.
the total expenditure incurred on jalyukta shivar projects was rs 3326.
57 crore.
the water storage created was 42 tmc.
according to village water and agriculture management expert popat pawar, the participation of villagers through awareness campaign to consolidate gains of jalyukta shivar for enforcing right use of water along with change in crop pattern should be the step forward.
the farmer sarpanch of hiwre bazar, who set an example of model village after getting rid of drought more than a decade ago, said, the chief minister displayed political will by the right policy decision in enforcing the jalyukta shivar.
it required a political will.
the latur police have registered an fir against a journalist for a newspaper article on the crashlanding of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis chopper on thursday afternoon, which says that policemen at the spot ran away in fear and a 28-year-old local scrapdealer helped fadnavis out of the helicopter.
the police have claimed that they have evidence that the police ran towards the chopper and not away from it as the article claims.
the nilanga police station at latur registered a case of defamation against journalist govind ingle on sunday for the news report which appeared in the supplement hello latur of lokmat newspaper on may 25.
in the news report, the reporter has said that after the chief ministers helicopter crashlanded, policemen at the spot ran away in fear.
he has claimed in the report that it was a local scrapdealer who helped the chief minister first which is incorrect, said a police officer, adding, we have videos to prove that when the helicopter crashed, the police teams ran towards the helicopter to help the chief minister.
the fir was registered after a complaint by hanumant padile, an officer from the nilanga police station.
in his complaint, he alleged that the article on maty 25 said that while the police ran away after the helicopter crashed, local scrapdealer irfan shaikh came forward and helped fadnavis out of the helicopter.
an officer said that while the fir had been registered, no arrest was likely since it was a bailable offence.
in case we need an arrest, we will need special permission from the court, an officer said.
the local police is investigating the matter and has said that the video evidence will be strong to prove the newspaper story is incorrect.
mumbai.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis year ago, devendrafadnavis took oath as chief minister of the newly elected bharatiya janata party (bjp) government with seven cabinet ministers and two ministers of state at wankhede stadium.
winning amid an anti-incumbency wave against the congress and nationalist congress party (ncp), the new government promised quick decisions and development with thrust on industrialization, transparency, fiscal prudence, and infrastructure growth.
a look at the governments achievements across a few key sectorsindustriesone of the first commitments of the fadnavis government was to cut clearances to set up industries, from 75 to 25.
by simplifying procedures and doing away with a few policies that restricted expansion, such as industrial location policy and river regulation zone, the government brought the number to 37.
the chief minister visited switzerland, japan, china, united states, germany and israel to get investments in maharashtra.
the state secured one of the biggest foreign direct investment projects in the country in recent years by clinching a $5 billion deal with contract electronics manufacturer foxconn of taiwan that also makes apples iphone.
general motors, chrysler and ford also committed large investments.
industries was a sector where the alliance partners worked hand-in-hand, with fadnavis and industries minister subhash desai of the shiv sena joining hands at international summits to pitch maharashtra to foreign investors.
labourlabour reform was a key feature identified to improve ease of doing business.
barring a few, almost all attempts were stonewalled by resistance from politicians and labour union leaders.
however, in one year, the government made a few amendments to the factories act, redefining parameters for businesses bound by the legislation, and excluded 14,300 small units from its purview.
the state permitted women labourers to work night shifts and scrapped the mandatory clearance required for manufacturing units to make labourers work on night shifts.
infrastructurethe government revived the concept of an international finance centre in mumbai by drawing up plans for a global financial hub at bandra kurla complex, and appointing a committee with industry experts to submit recommendations in financial and legal framework to facilitate it.
mumbais proposed coastal freeway facing uncertainty due to the requirement of reclamation, got a push with the state persuading the union environment ministry to bring out a draft notification permitting reclamation for roads.
long-pending development plans of municipal corporations such as kalyan-dombivali and bhiwandi got approvals, while the chief minister-led urban development department decided to formulate uniform development control regulation.
among other major changes was setting up a war room under the chief minister to monitor crucial projects, cutting down on procedures for construction permits in mumbai, and starting construction of a metro rail line in nagpur.
agriculture and drought reliefbesides the much publicised jalyukta shivar yojana, a water conservation scheme, the government took some essential on-ground measures for drought mitigation primarily in marathwada.
the government took these measures before the actual declaration of drought, which is done only after getting indications of the final kharif settlement.
the number of water tankers was increased.
the divisional commissioner and collectors sent daily reports on water shortage and relief measures.
subsidized food grains  wheat at rs 2 per kg and rice at rs 3 per kg  were a significant help in marathwada, where there was cash crunch after consequent drought years and hailstorms.
works under employment guarantee scheme saw a boost as the state directed district collectors to relax norms.
financethe finance department revised government procurement policy by almost doing away with rate contracts and making e-tendering compulsory for every purchase above rs 3 lakh  bjp ministers pankaja munde and vinod tawde had battled allegations of corruption in irregularities in orders placed on basis of rate contracts.
raising spending plan on infrastructure when public debt was mounting was a bold decision the finance department took in the first year of government.
so was higher allocation for districts in vidarbha and marathwada facing infrastructure backlog compared with the rest of the state.
however, the state is grappling with a grim financial situation, worsened by populist measures such as scrapping of local body tax and a severe drought, necessitating an increase in taxation.
educationcapping weight of school bags of students to 10 percent of the childs weight and setting up a mechanism to regulate fees and admissions in professional courses offered by private unaided institutes were some decisions the government took in a year in the education sector.
besides, the government started work to make information on over 1 lakh schools in maharashtra available online.
chief minister devendrafadnavis eventually cancelled the boards scheme after the labour commissioner and senior bureaucrats with the state labour department flagged off various irregularities in the appointments of the consultant.
(source: file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis eventually cancelled the boards scheme after the labour commissioner and senior bureaucrats with the state labour department flagged off various irregularities in the appointments of the consultant.
(source: file photo)new evidence shows that the maharashtra building and other construction workers welfare board, headed by omprakash yadav, a bjp corporator from nagpur and a supporter of chief minister devendrafadnavis , had gone ahead with the multi-crore scheme even as the comptroller and auditor general (cag) of india had objected to it.
in fact, at one point in 2014, the government had even accepted the top auditors objections and formally decided not to continue the scheme further.
also read | board under maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis aide flouted norms in multi-crore welfare schemea new set of documents obtained under the right to information act raises further questions regarding the boards decision to implement the scheme.
it now turns out that the boards expert panel, headed by then principal secretary (labour) arvind kumar, had decided to drop the scheme on june 09, 2014.
documents reveal the decision, which was taken in light of various objections raised by the cag and irregularities noticed at that time, was even shared with the government and the top auditor.
questioning the motive of the board in the implementation of the scheme, the top auditor had, in its annual report for 2013-14, pointed out that the board already ran statutory schemes that provided medical assistance and compensation for accident victims, which already covered all registered construction workers.
besides this, the board has also implemented the janshree bima yojana, a health insurance scheme for construction workers.
this shows that the boards policies are overlapping.
what was the reason behind implementing the mediclaim and personal accident policy?
official documents obtained under rti and published in the indian express on thursday show how the yadav-led board had flouted the governments own norms while appointing a consultant, and selecting an insurance firm, for extending a mediclaim and personal accident insurance policy to 2.
5 lakh registered construction workers by paying a premium amount of rs 50.
09 crore.
chief minister devendrafadnavis eventually cancelled the boards scheme after the labour commissioner and senior bureaucrats with the state labour department flagged off various irregularities in the appointments of the consultant or a brokerage firm, and the insurance company.
while the previous congress-nationalist congress party (ncp) regime had first rolled out the contentious welfare measure for construction workers on july 23, 2013, documents show that against the advice of the states bureaucracy, the yadav-led board, under the present regime too, had stuck with the scheme.
we have cancelled the scheme.
if it had been accepted, it would have led to a loss, the chief minister had told the indian express wednesday, when asked if an inquiry would be initiated over the various irregularities which had come to light.
ironically, fadnavis, while still in opposition, had come down hard on the previous regime for irregularities in the scheme.
the cags strictures had come after it audited the schemes performance in 2013-14.
while the state had intended to extend the insurance benefit to 94,244 beneficiaries by paying an amount of rs 37.
03 crore (premium paid in 13-14), the benefit was just extended to 978 workers and the total compensation availed was just rs 3.
82 crore.
it is seen that the cost benefit ration of the scheme was just 1.
08 per cent.
the scheme was virtually non-beneficial.
a huge amount was unnecessarily spent from cess fund, the cag had remarked.
the government collects one per cent cess from property developers to fund welfare activities for construction workers.
documents show that the boards expert committee, which met on june 9, 2014, agreed with the cag findings.
an official noting entered by the labour department following this meeting confirmed a decision was taken to discontinue the insurance scheme because of the less benefit provided as compared to the premium paid.
workers can be given benefit from the existing statutory schemes, it says.
but in the run-up to assembly polls, the erstwhile board, which was controlled by the ncp, overturned this decision just a month later.
on july 23, 2014, this board proposed extensions of the scheme for another three years.
while the states bureaucracy objected, pointing out that the norms had been flouted while appointing the consultants and contractors, then labour minister bhaskar jadhav (ncp), now an mla, overruled these.
on august 12, he issued directives for extending the scheme for another year, raising several eyebrows.
but even before this period ended on july 25, 2015, the bjp governments new board, under yadav, had already decided to continue with the scheme.
in fact, following the change of regime, officials confirmed that all that had changed was the consultant firm.
even the insurer shortlisted remained the same.
the expenditure on developing facility for solid waste management would be planned in phases.
express the expenditure on developing facility for solid waste management would be planned in phases.
expressthe pune municipal corporation (pmc) would come up with a draft plan within 10 days, which would help in capacity building to address solid waste management, as per the estimated need till 2025.
the move comes following chief minister devendrafadnavis directions to the civic administration to prepare a detailed plan on solid waste management and bring an end to dumping waste at uruli devachi and phursungi villages.
the pmc would be consulting with experts and scientific research institutes  national chemical laboratory (ncl) and national environment education and research institute (neeri).
the draft plan would have short-term, mid-term and long-term steps on solid waste management that would focus towards 100 per cent segregation, collection and processing of waste generated within the city every day, said municipal commissioner kunal kumar.
the indian express, in a three-part series, had highlighted the loopholes in civic efforts on solid waste management.
the long-pending issue has also led to several agitations by the villagers of uruli devachi and phursungi against the civic body for continuing to dump garbage within the village limits.
the plan aims to cater to the need of waste management till 2025, which would mean that the capacity of facility to be developed would be three to five years ahead of requirement, said kumar, adding that the draft would be tabled in the general body for consideration.
the expenditure on developing facility for solid waste management would be planned in phases and, if need be, funds would be raised from the open market, said kumar.
the pmc would also undertake public awareness campaigns through innovative means, including developing a waste park, which would showcase processing plants running on different technologies, he added.
the municipal commissioner further said that the pmc would undertake a cleanliness competition within electoral panels, on the lines of swachh sarvekshan of the union government, wherein the rating of electoral panels would be done every month and rewarded for better performance.
the bylaws of solid waste management, pending for long to check use of plastic, littering in public place, would also be included in the plan to inculcate good practice in residents, he added.
meanwhile, the pmc took up to clearing up the piled up waste across the city on war footing on monday.
the overflowing garbage bins across the city are being lifted, while the wet waste is being taken to the processing plants and dry waste at dumping grounds, said a civic officer.
b'the state government has begun the process of disbursing crop loans to farmers for the kharif season beginning mid-june.
for 2018-19, the government has set a higher crop loan disbursement target at rs 58,319 crore.
financial institutions have been told to meet 95 per cent of the target.
we have a formidable challenge this kharif season.
last year, the crop loan disbursement was extremely dismal at 47 per cent, a source said.
in 2017-18, the target was rs 54,221 crore, but only rs 25,322 crore was disbursed or just 47 per cent of the total crop loan was availed by farmers during the kharif and rabi seasons.
data for 2016-17 shows a crop loan target of rs 51,235 crore, of which rs 42,173 crore or 82 per cent was disbursed.
in 2015-16, against a target of rs 44,319 crore, rs 40,581 crore, or 92 per cent, was disbursed.
crop loans are disbursed through a network of financial institutions: state cooperative banks, national banks, commercial banks and rural banks.
at the beginning of the financial year, the banks are given a target.
a senior official in the cooperation and marketing department said, the low crop loan disbursement last year can be attributed to two major reasons.
foremost being a large number of farmers across the state, anticipating a complete loan waiver, did not come forward to clear their dues and apply for fresh loans.
in the second category were farmers who waited for the loan waiver to clear their dues before applying for fresh loans.
as the loan waiver process began in october-november 2017, the kharif season was almost over by then.
the failure of the state level bankers committee (slbc) to provide authentic data in terms of number of farmers eligible for loans and debt too compounded the problems.
the slbc, which had to twice revise its own list from 89 lakh farmers to 67 lakh as debt-ridden, compounded the problems for farmers waiting for crop loans.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , who has held at least half-a-dozen meetings with the slbc, has issued clear instructions to ensure 100 per cent disbursement of crop loans to eligible farmers in 2018-19.
an official in the cooperation and marketing department said, to attain a target of 90-95 per cent disbursal is not difficult provided financial institutions take a little more initiative.
unlike last year, this year there is no ambiguity as the loan waiver process has been completed, making more than 47 lakh farmers debt-free and eligible for fresh loans, he added.
in addition, a sizeable number of farmers, 15-20 lakh, dont have any debt and are eligible for crop loans.
fadnavis with glushkova in ekaterinburg on sunday.
express fadnavis with glushkova in ekaterinburg on sunday.
expressrussian indologist irina glushkova was nominated as the ambassador of maharashtra tourism and culture by chief minister devendrafadnavis in russia sunday.
the chief minister, who held an interaction with the noted scholar after reaching ekaterinburg (russia), said, dr irina glushkovas dedication to pursue the research works on maratha kings and language and culture of maharashtra is well known.
today, personally interacting with her was great inspiration.
the state government feels proud to nominate her as ambassador of maharashtras tourism and culture in russia, he added.
irina is working as an indologist and marathi language expert at the centre for indian studies, institute of oriental studies, russia academy of sciences.
irinas pursuit of maharashtras language, history, culture and tradition brought her to pune during 1970s, where she learnt the marathi language as part of her effort to get into the finer details and legacy of the maratha rulers.
she is also well versed with the studies on dynaneshwari and varkari culture.
the russian indologist has edited books titled, death in maharashtra: imagination, perception, expression and home, family and kinship in maharashtra.
watch video: whats making newsfadnavis is on a three-day tour to russia to attend innoprom, a mega event on innovation and industry, at ekaterinburg.
he will also visit saint petersburg to showcase magnetic maharashtra during an interaction with 150 leading industries.
the event is part of the make in india and make in maharashtra programmes of the state government and the centre.
government officials said the state would sign important mous, including an ambitious project concerning mithi river in mumbai.
fadnavis is part of the team india at innoprom.
the other team members include union minister for commerce nirmala sitharaman, andhra pradesh cm chandrababu naidu and rajasthan cm vasundhara raje scindia.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra cm devendra fadnavisbesides completing 56 years as a linguistic state on may 1, this year also marks the completion of six decades since major marathi-speaking territories came together administratively and politically in 1956  albeit as part of a bilingual experiment.
however, current circumstances would hardly allow the state to celebrate.
maharashtra has been in the news for the wrong reasons and it looks like the social pact that marked the basis of the coming together of marathi-speaking people and regions has been under severe strain.
governed by a bjp-led coalition, political alignments in the state appear too fragile to be able to strengthen the social contract or even reduce the strain.
the ruling coalition is on the brink  the shiv sena has been more active as opposition than as partner in power.
the two congress parties are in refusal mode, denying there is anything wrong with them and their past record in government.
they are also inadequate as opposition, either in the routine sense or in the sense of having an alternative vision.
given the political equations among parties, the political elite is unlikely to have the space to think of the long term or mend the cracks in the polity.
only recently, the ruling coalition was under strain from the repeated remarks of the then advocate general concerning the states unity.
he favoured the formation of a separate state of vidarbha.
he also suggested that marathwada, too, needs to be separated from maharashtra.
questions of propriety notwithstanding, his utterances represent a longstanding crack  the regional imbalance in the state.
marathwada may not actually demand separation but the fact remains that it suffers from industrial backwardness and severe drought and famine, affecting its agrarian economy almost beyond repair.
the political acumen shown by maharashtras first chief minister, yashwantrao chavan, has be-en lacking and the state has only witnessed manipulations to keep dissatisfaction under control in both vidarbha and marathwada.
since the bifurcation of up and bihar, the trend has been to create smaller or at least moderately sized states, even though the same language is spoken.
the formation of telangana has kindled hope among the proponents of a separate vidarbha and it seems the political elite, mainly from western maharashtra, does not have a satisfactory response to this challenge.
as the states economy moves from crisis to crisis, the issue of backwardness becomes more acute.
at a more general level, but particularly in the backward regions, the issue of farmer suicide has assumed severe proportions, although for almost a decade, the state managed to wish away the issue with only contingent measures.
this year, it has been accompanied by a water crisis afflicting both urban and rural areas.
this crisis was waiting to happen, given that maharashtras performance in improving irrigation facilities has been abysmal.
the desperate measures of cutting water supply to industry and pushing the ipl out, though justifiable as last-minute efforts to economise, do not hide the lack of foresight and planning.
in a sense, both farmer suicide  representing the larger malaise of agrarian crisis  and water scarcity indicate the policy vacuum in which governance has been taking place for many years.
governance by package has replaced governance by policy for the past two decades  ironically, this began with the first non-congress government led by the shiv sena.
now that the bjp and sena are back in power, they are presiding over the same tradition faithfully continued by their rivals between 1999 and 2014.
both the agrarian and water crises bring to the fore the older tension policymakers faced: in order to balance the urban industrial interests and rural agricultural interests, the state chose to often yield to the terms dictated by industry and then selectively protected only some agricultural interests.
this resulted in the chaotic growth of the mumbai-thane belt.
on the other hand, this meant that in regional terms, farmers from western maharashtra benefited more; in terms of land ownership, small/ marginal farmers were left in the lurch, and the interests of sugarcane and some other cash-crop-growers got state protection.
these choices led to multiple distortions in the political economy, for which the state is paying a heavy penalty now.
while the water and agrarian crises exacerbate the regional imbalance, the latter, in particular, also has the potential to develop into an issue of major social tension.
the main agricultural community, the marathas, is already restive and demanding obc status.
the previous congress-ncp government conceded this demand knowing it would hit the judicial deadlock.
in the context of agitations by patels and jats, social unrest is only waiting to erupt in maharashtra because of the numeric clout of marathas and the economic clout of the elite from that community, on the one hand, and the consistent economic stagnation that a majority of rural marathas have been facing, on the other.
like patels and jats, the unrest among marathas has less to do with social backwardness and more with the economic distortions.
similarly, a major nomadic community, the dhangar, has been demanding that it be included in the st category.
again, most political parties have indicated that they support this demand, creating expectations but not fulfilling them.
even if the state were to recommend inclusion in the st category, it would meet with stiff opposition from adivasis, resulting in social tension and mutual suspicion among communities.
while these rumblings are symptomatic of the larger issue of handling community aspirations and maintaining the delicate balance attained on the social justice front, the state-specific failures are too obvious.
while the state is sitting on top of a political economy of chaos and a social contract that is breaking down, the political elite has lost the capacity to comprehend, leave aside handle, the situation.
but even if the elite were to understand the complication, they do not have the trust of the public or legitimacy to address these issues.
they would, indeed, get elected and re-elected, but their attempts to broker peace among battling sections and convince people of long-term solutions are unlikely to be received with sympathy.
in the absence of leaders with legitimacy, maharashtra seems to be moving towards a politics marked by a rabid mobilisational precipice.
after a lull due to flood in parts of the state, the political pitch has started heating up with the bjp and shiv sena set to resume their recruitment drive.
in focus are four top opposition leaders who may join the ruling parties ahead of the assembly elections.
advertisingwhile speculation over the names of senior ncp leaders chhagan bhujbal and ramraje nimbalkar, and maharashtra swabhiman paksha (msp) leader narayan rane have been doing the rounds over the past few days, satara ncp mp udayanraje bhosales meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai tuesday evening has sent the rumour mill into an overdrive.
sources in the bjp have claimed that the possibility of bhosale joining the bjp was discussed in the meeting.
he might resign and seek re-election on a bjp ticket, a bjp source said.
while talks of bhujbals likely return to shiv sena folds  he quit the party in 1991  have also been gaining some ground, a clutch of sena leaders, including subhash desai and sanjay raut, have reportedly expressed strong reservations against it.
at a party meeting in mumbai last month, sena chief uddhav thackeray had reportedly clarified that there was no contact between the shiv sena family and bhujbal family.
advertisingbhujbal, who skipped a congress-ncp meeting in mumbai on tuesday afternoon, told a television channel later in the day that talks that he would rejoin the sena were false.
some other chhagan bhujbal must be joining the sena, he told mediaperson.
considered close to ncp chief sharad pawar, nimbalkar is apparently fed up with his ongoing feud with bhosale and is likely to join the bjp.
nimbalkar, however, might reconsider his decision to join the ruling party if the satara mp joins it, his aide said.
msp leader rane, meanwhile, has made it clear that he was yet to decide on which party he would join.
though it is widely believed that rane would join the bjp, he has, so far, remained tight-lipped on the issue.
wait for a few days, rane said.
saying that everyone will come to know when the new entries happen, bjp spokesperson keshav upadhaye said, as of now, we dont want to say anything.
a senior bjp leader, however, said nimbalkars entry to bjp has been finalised, but nothing had been finalised about rane.
ncp spokesperson nawab malik also said that while there were speculation, the party would not comment if any of its leaders were planning to quit.
stepping up its attack on the bjp over its allegations of mafia raj  in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), yuva sena chief aaditya thackeray on friday targeted the party for reportedly granting a road contract in nagpur to a contractor involved in the rs 352 crore road scam in mumbai.
sources said one of the contractors involved in mumbai road scam has secured four road works worth rs 34 crore in the nagpur municipal corporation controlled by the bjp.
nagpur is the hometown of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
what else is making newsover the past few months, alliance partners sena and bjp have been engaged in a war of words over corruption in bmc.
mumbai mein mafia, nagpur mein maaf-kiya.
contractors blacklisted by the bmc get road contracts in nagpur, aaditya tweeted.
following a probe relating to work on 34 roads, the bmc had registered an fir with the police, which formed a special investigation team.
the civic body had named six contractors and two third-party auditors in the fir.
the contractors are rps infraprojects, kr construction, jay kumar, relcon infraprojects, rk madhani and mahavir infrastructure.
civic officials say the process of blacklisting the contractors booked by the bmc and a probe by a special investigation team of mumbai police are underway.
notices have been issued to them and they are being given hearings, an official said.
on thursday, mumbai mayor and sena corporator snehal ambekar wrote to civic chief ajoy mehta asking him to clarify instances of mafia raj in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation in the last one-and-a-half years.
bjp mp kirit somaiya and bjp mumbai unit president ashish shelar have consistently targeted the sena over corruption in the bmc.
ast week, somaiya organised a dussehra event to burn the ravan of bmc mahapalika mafia.
he alleged that the bmc is in the grip of a mafia, run by the bandra saheb.
somaiya has now written to mehta asking to make public the second full fledged report on the road scam.
b'in a performance audit report presented to the state legislature on august 5, the cag has observed that these schools were bereft of even basic facilities even as the government had spent several thousand crores on their upkeep.
(express photo) in a performance audit report presented to the state legislature on august 5, the cag has observed that these schools were bereft of even basic facilities even as the government had spent several thousand crores on their upkeep.
(express photo)the comptroller and auditor general of india (cag) has slammed the maharashtra government for the shoddy condition of tribal boarding schools or ashramshalas in the state.
in a performance audit report presented to the state legislature on august 5, the cag has observed that these schools were bereft of even basic facilities even as the government had spent several thousand crores on their upkeep.
it has also criticised the government for a steady decline in the number of students in these ashramshalas, blaming lack of quality infrastructure in these institutions.
this newspaper had earlier highlighted how many children, including teenage girls, in some of these residential schools had no choice but to bathe in the open and how they were being made to study and sleep in the same room.
the maharashtra human rights commission had pulled up the state government following the newspaper report.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has also ordered an urgent revamp of these institutions.
maharashtra has 1,108 ashramshalas: 552 government-run, the rest government-aided.
the cags report has further pointed out that the state had been implementing schemes for tribal welfare without a long-term perspective plan for the past 22 years.
there was also no periodical assessment of the various schemes making it difficult to ascertain if the objective of betterment of the tribal community had been met, it said.
according to the cag report, the maharashtra government spent rs 3,451.
18 crore on various schemes for the betterment of the tribal community between 2010 and 2015, with a large chunk of it  rs 1,729.
57 crore  spent on the management of ashramshalas.
however, despite this, admissions to government ashramshalas have steadily declined from 2.
07 lakh students in 2011-12 to 1.
96 lakh in 2014-15 against a sanctioned strength of 2.
63 lakh, the report said.
this was indicative of the fact that the tribal development department had not been able to formulate a viable policy to attract the tribal community to get their wards admitted to government ashramshalas, it stated.
auditors claimed to have surveyed 52 government ashramshalas.
most tribal schools lacked basic facilities like toilets, teachers, playgrounds and so on, it found.
information provided by 27 of the 52 ashramshalas showed that at least 12 did not have teachers for hindi, 10 lacked mathematics teachers and 17 were without any teachers for science and social science for the past five years, the cag audit said.
also, the 52 government ashramshalas with 27,470 students had just 796 toilets and 704 bathrooms, translating to roughly one toilet for 35 students and one bathroom for 39 students.
the tribal students were also not being provided foodgrains as per the scales prescribed by the department.
the catering services contracts with the private service providers for supply of ready-to-eat meals to government hostels were lopsided.
there were significant delays in construction of new government ashramshalas and hostels, it pointed out.
the government procured 1,789 solar water heaters for rs 28.
64 crore for 425 ashramshalas and 79 hostels.
however, 76 per cent of the solar water heaters were lying unserviceable in the ashramshalas and hostels.
this not only rendered an expenditure of rs 21.
43 crore in procurement of 1,331 water heaters unfruitful, but also deprived inmates of hot water facilities, especially during winter season, the cag report said.
in the state governments educational and scholarship schemes for educating tribal students in renowned english-medium schools of the cities, a test check of 892 applications for 2010-2015 for standard i in 16 private schools showed that 63 applications and 54 applications were accepted without caste and income certificates, respectively.
water transport projectthe cag also rapped the government over its indecision on the proposed passenger water transport project for mumbai, leading to a wasteful expenditure of nearly rs 21 crore.
the state government changed the implementing agency for the project, originally conceived in 1999, on two occasions  first, the mumbai maritime board, then the maharashtra state road development corporation and then once again the mumbai maritime board.
the two agencies invited bids on five occasions for the east and west coast water transport projects, leading to multiple surveys and feasibility reports amounting to rs 20.
95 crore.
metro criticisedthe cag also criticised the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) for spending rs 4.
17 crore on the appointment of an independent engineer for the charkop-bandra-mankhurd metro, despite the project being unable to take off due to environment hurdles.
the project was to be undertaken on a ppp through the mmtpl.
the mmrda maintained that the expertise of the independent engineer was necessary for activities such as site surveys, identifying utilities and so on, before starting the project.
the authority said the services of the independent engineer would also be required while foreclosing the concession agreement with mmtpl to avoid future litigation.
however, the cag audit said the reply was not acceptable as mmrda was well aware that in the absence of a clear environment clearance the project was a non-starter, and thus the services of the independent engineer were rendered futile.
fadnavis said, i am planning to carry out a cabinet expansion before the session.
insiders indicated it is likely before july 10.
watch video: whats making newsthe exercise will be to ensure all sections and regions are represented in the cabinet.
there will be an effort to induct at least one cabinet member from north maharashtra in the wake of resignation of senior minister eknath khadse.
and at least two candidates representing other backward castes (obcs).
after the resignation of khadse, maharashtra has 29 ministers, bjp has 19 and shiv sena 10.
the maximum allowed strength of the state council of ministers is 42.
fadnavis indicated he is unlikely to fill all the cabinet posts.
at least five candidates from bjp could be inducted along with two from smaller alliance partners rashtriya samaj party and swabhimani shetkari sanghatana.
the sena may have two more ministers.
in a humble gesture, a daily-wage labourer from maharashtras ahmednagar sent chief minister devendrafadnavis a gift of rs 101 on his 49th birthday on monday.
advertisingin a video shared by fadnavis on tuesday, a woman labourer, renuka sahil gondhali from chincholi village in ahmednagar narrated how the chief minister saved the life of her five-year-old nephew by sanctioning rs 1.
90 lakh for his treatment.
renuka gondhali sent me a text message as vedant pawar was in need of medical assistance & she got 1.
90 lakh for his treatment from cmrf !
she remembered that & sent me a letter today & did an unforgettable gesture of donating 101 towards #cmrelieffund from her earnings !
pic.
twitter.com/80232di4hx  devendrafadnavis (@dev_fadnavis) july 22, 2019accompanying the money, was a handwritten letter in which she expressed gratitude to fadnavis for saving her nephews life.
gondhali goes on to explain how her nephew, vedant bhagwat pawar, was suffering from gallbladder cancer last year and his parents could not afford the expensive treatment.
trying her luck, gondhali sent an sos message to fadnavis, requesting financial aid for her ailing nephew.
on receiving the text message, fadnavis wasted no time in sanctioning rs 1.
90 lakh from the chief minister relief fund for vedants treatment.
advertisingfadnavis took to twitter and wrote, renuka gondhali sent me a text message as vedant pawar was in need of medical assistance & she got 1.
90 lakh for his treatment from cmrf!
she remembered that and sent me a letter today and did an unforgettable gesture of donating 101 towards #cmrelieffund from her earnings!
courtesy the chief ministers help, the boy received treatment at the mrcc children hospital in mumbai and has been cured of cancer, gondhali wrote in the letter.
cm saheb, you took my sms seriously and saved the life of my brothers son.
i pray that you should do such a great service for others too, and hence i am sending a small contribution from my side.
god bless you with long life and you should be given a chance to serve the nation, renukas letter stated, wishing fadnavis on his birthday.
geeta gawli is the only corporator from the akhil bharatiya sena.
express archive geeta gawli is the only corporator from the akhil bharatiya sena.
express archivegeeta gawli, the lone winning candidate from the akhil bharatiya sena in the recent elections to the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), is being wooed by both the shiv sena and the bjp as the two parties race to take control of the civic body.
gawli (34), the eldest daughter of convicted gangster arun gawli, has met sena leaders eknath shinde and anil desai to work out the modalities of her support to the shiv sena.
interestingly, gawli is also in touch with bjp leader ashish shelar and was expected to hold discussions with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis before making up her mind.
watch what else is making newsthe abs had earlier helped the shiv sena-bjp combine in 2012 to prove their majority in the house.
the sena-bjp combine at that time had a strength of 106 and were short of eight votes to ensure the selection of their mayor.
the abs, which had two corporators, had decided to support the saffron alliance.
geeta gawli was subsequently made chairperson of the bmcs health committee.
now, with the sena and the bjp split, the abs is expecting more in return for its support.
it is seeking the post of health committee chairperson as well as a position on the all-important standing committee of the civic body.
the abs has supported us in the past and we held talks to seek their support this time as well.
nothing has been finalised yet, a shiv sena leader privy to the meeting said.
gawli did not reply to calls by the indian express.
the bjp with 82 seats and the shiv sena with 84 are far short of the magic mark of 114 to reach a simple majority in the bmc.
with both locked in a tussle to get their own candidate elected as mayor, tacit as well as explicit support of parties like the abs has become crucial.
on tuesday, the sena appointed yashwant jadhav, a senior corporator, as its group leader.
jadhav, with 88 corporators including four independent corporators, registered themselves with the konkan divisional commissioner as a group.
b'sena chief uddhav thackeray, his son and yuva sena chief aditya thackeray, party leader manohar joshi and others address a rally in the nse grounds in goregaon to mark the partys 50 years.
sena chief uddhav thackeray, his son and yuva sena chief aditya thackeray, party leader manohar joshi and others address a rally in the nse grounds in goregaon to mark the partys 50 years.
shiv sena president uddhav thackeray said sunday even though the party was not too keen on pulling the plug on its alliance with the bjp, sainiks should be prepared to fight the municipal elections in the state on their own strength.
i still do not know what will happen about the alliance.
this alliance was on the issue of hindutva and the sena worked honestly in maintaining this alliance.
i will decide on the future of the alliance but i want you to be prepared to win elections on our own strength, sena president uddhav thackeray said while addressing party workers at the nse grounds in goregaon to mark the partys 50 years.
the sena has been in an uneasy power-sharing alliance with the bjp, which was visible by the loud boos that sainiks uttered after thackeray spoke about an alliance with the bjp.
it has been trying to reassert its political identity ahead of the crucial bmc polls in 2017 and the assembly elections in 2019.
watch video: whats making newsthackeray added that even though he was not keen on breaking the alliance, he wanted to flesh out a relationship in which senas self-respect was maintained.
we want an alliance where our self-respect will be maintained.
the sena will not run after you.
i do not want to break this alliance, but the sena will not accept an unequal alliance, thackeray said during his 45-minute speech.
he also said the shiv sena would one day attain power on its own strength in the state.
we may be a regional party but we are an original party.
we have not herded deserters from other parties together to seek power.
people ask me it has been 50 years but the party has still not been able to win on its own.
we will be in power on our own in the near future.
the sena has never run after power or sacrificed its principles, thackeray said, taking a snipe at the bjp.
he said various issues that had been taken up by national parties, including the ram janmabhumi agitation and the displacement of kashmiri pandits, were never completely addressed.
express research: the many isms of shiv senain uttar pradesh, you have the bjp talking about how kairana is turning into kashmir.
what are you doing?
you are in power at the centre and in kashmir too.
if balasaheb thackeray could provide protection to kashmir pandits sitting here in mumbai, why cant you do the same in kairana, thackeray questioned.
he said the bjp seemed to have backtracked on various promises that it had made to the electorate before coming to power.
he said the sena was not explicitly challenging the bjp as it did not want to create a rift in hindutva supporters.
our concern in the past has always been that the hindutva votes should not split.
for this reason, we have never fought elections outside the state.
even in maharashtra, for so many years, we had given the bjp the space and support in constituencies that it was fighting, thackeray added.
he also took a swipe at prime minister narendra modi and said the head of the country as well as chief ministers of states should not be allowed to campaign during elections.
the sena chief lambasted the government and said situation in the country had remained the same.
there may be calls about the country changing, but the situation remains the same.
china is intruding on our borders, terror attacks from pakistan remain unabated, inflation is increasing.
i do not want to criticise maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , but he should control price rise and take my ministers help in handing this crisis, thackeray added.
he justified joining the bjp-led government in maharashtra and said he did so to ensure that a bad omen was not cast on a hindutva-inspired government.
the sena had put up a dazzling show to celebrate it 50th foundation year.
it was held indoors in fear of the mumbai rains.
chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (file photo)hitting out at shiv sena which snapped ties with bjp for the local body polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said his party had no qualms about fighting on lesser number of seats in the bmc elections, but was firm on transparency in the sena-controlled civic body.
like them (the sena) i will not say that 25 years have been wasted with the alliance.
i will only say that we learnt a lesson that we caused a loss to mumbai all this while.
i had told all bjp leaders who were negotiating that we should be willing to fight for a lesser number of seats (in bmc) but we will not compromise in having transparency and accountability in senas style of functioning, he said.
fadnavis was addressing a gathering of bjp workers in mumbai, as part of vijay sankalp melava (resolve for victory rally), the same venue where sena chief uddhav thackeray had on january 26 declared that his party will go it alone in the local body polls.
watch what else is in the newsholding sena responsible for the break-up of the alliance in the run up to the 2014 assembly polls, fadnavis claimed the party was adamant on not contesting a seat less than 191 (out of 288 seats).
but i thank my stars today that the alliance did not happen (before the polls).
had it happened, i would not have been the chief minister today.
we could realise our strength only because we fought alone, he said.
questioning senas criticism of bjp when it sought transparency in the bmc controlled by the thackeray-led party, fadnavis asked, did i say something wrong?
why was i chided?
people had voted us to power only on the issue of transparency.
why was this agenda not acceptable to you.
who should be held responsible for slums in mumbai that are deprived of water and electricity connections, he asked, and alleged, there is no scheme to treat waste water.
and due to bmcs inefficiency, the city has deteriorated environmentally.
on the contrary, the bjp government during its two years in power has made the city equipped with cctv cameras, wi-fi connections and large amount work on the metro has been done, fadnavis claimed.
we conceived the idea of elevated corridors to ease the congestion of trains and the mumbai metropolitan region is being developed.
we are integrating all modes of transport and looking at a single ticket issuing system.
a person, at any point in the city should find a public mode of transport within 500 metres of his standing place, he said.
terming senas stand on the coastal road project a hypocrisy, fadnavis alleged on one hand the party said it will be built by bmc and on the other, it was discreetly telling farmers to oppose the project as it would impact their livelihood.
similar hypocrisy was shown during metro-4 project.
people were told that we will displace marathi people, he alleged.
referring to senas poster campaigns, fadnavis said the party may say they have done it, but the real satisfaction will be in people saying yes you have done it.
fadnavis said his government initiated the bdd chawl redevelopment project, where people have been promised much bigger houses than that they are living in now.
you talk of chhatrapati shivajis hindutva ideology.
but chhatrapati shivaji had the same respect for other religions as he had for hindutva.
if you do not believe in what he said, you have no right to take his name, he said.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray had on january 26 said his party will contest the upcoming elections to municipal corporations and zilla parishads on its own.
while snapping ties with his ally, thackeray had said that his party had wasted 25-years due to alliance with bjp.
elections to the 10 municipal corporation across maharashtra on february 21 could also be a reflection on how the smart cities mission undertaken by the centre and the state government has been accepted by the public.
though the elections to civic bodies are often pitched on the local issues such as drinking water, roads and garbage, chief minister devendrafadnavis made the mega projects costing rs 10 lakh crore an integral part of the civic polls across mumbai, thane, ulhasnagar, pune, pimpri-chinchwad, solapur, akola, amaravati, nagpur and nashik.
watch what else is in the newswhether it is rs 1.
06 lakh crore projects for mumbai, a rs 3,500-crore drinking water project for akola, the rs 3,700-crore textile hub in amaravati, or the rs 11,500-crore metro rail project in pune, the ruling bjp made development plank the mainstay of its campaigning that came to an end sunday.
as a result, despite its autonomous status, every civic body has been linked to the overall development undertaken by the centre and the state.
in fact, the top leadership of all mainstream parties  congress, ncp, shiv sena and bjp  evoked the development agenda in varying degrees across these ten cities.
challenges for the bjp are aplenty in these ten cities where it had won 205 seats out of the total 1,244 seats in 2012.
the ncp had scored maximum with 265 seats, followed by congress (264), shiv sena (227) and mns (112).
as many as 74 seats went to independents, while bsp won 25, cpi(m) 6 and others 66.
the bjp held the remote only in nagpur with absolute majority.
thus, it remains to be seen if the party ruling the state is able to wrest powers in the nine civic bodies.
among the ten civic bodies, sena was leading in mumbai and thane, congress in solapur and amravati, ncp in pune, pimpri-chinchwad and ulhasnagar, and mns in nashik.
girish dattatrey mahajan, minister of water resources and medical education, says holding karnataka responsible for the floods in western maharashtra is illogical.
excerpts from an interview with the indian express:advertisingwas your department slow in responding to the rising water levels in dams that led to the unprecedented floods?
there was no question of delay.
there are laid-down guidelines and the process of monitoring of water in dams begins at the onset of monsoon.
there is a team of officials for this and a mechanism in place, which was strictly followed.
what explains the flooding in sangli and kolhapur districts?
the floods ravaged sangli and kolhapur.
it was devastating.
more than four lakh people had to be relocated.
having said that, the rainfall in the catchment areas was unprecedented.
the average rainfall was 400 mm for 24 hours for six days.
according to experts, the course of the krishna and panchaganga rivers along with their tributaries are such, it does not facilitate rapid recession.
our experts are working to see if there were any shortcomings and how they could be rectified.
would higher water discharge from almatti dam have helped?
advertisingthe almatti dam is 250 km away from sangli.
therefore, to hold karnataka responsible is illogical.
communication between our officials and karnataka on dam water regulations have been on since july 27.
it is part of the process.
when the rain intensified leading to flooding, there was immediate communication at the highest levels.
chief minister devendrafadnavis was communicating with his karnataka counterpart b s yediyurappa.
fadnavis also spoke to the pm, home minister and defence minister.
you landed in a controversy after your selfie video from flood-affected kolhapur went viral?
i have not taken a single picture during the rescue and relief operations.
at one point, our rescue boat had anchored and i was waving to an official.
but then it went viral as a selfie.
on the contrary, along with ndrf personnel, i waded through neck-deep water to reach out to 2,500 stranded people at sangalwadi.
we had to walk holding a thick rope.
at another point our boat was hit by a huge iron structure submerged in water.
i was warned of public anger.
they were shouting and complaining.
but gradually i calmed them down.
in an hours time, a helicopter dropped food, milk and water packets.
you came under fire from the oppositionmy intention is always to lend a helping hand to people in trouble.
fadnavis asked me to visit kolhapur and then sangli.
accordingly, when i saw the situation there, i felt i should reach out to the people and reassure them.
i dont wear my ministers badge in such a situation.
in the bjp, we always work as karyakartas.
when latur was rocked by earthquake, i was there to help the people.
our party was not in power.
yet we went as ordinary workers.
b'senior mmrda officials argued that the newly acquired status would help in expediting work for completion of the metro rail routes.
(file photo) senior mmrda officials argued that the newly acquired status would help in expediting work for completion of the metro rail routes.
(file photo)after leaving out land owned by the mumbai port trust (mbpt) from the citys development plan, chief minister devendrafadnavis has now sanctioned a proposal granting the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) the status of a special planning authority (spa) for five upcoming metro rail alignments and land required for building temporary and permanent metro casting yards.
the spa tag to the mmrda will give it unhindered powers to draw up land use plans, sanction building and development plans on their own for these belts without requiring to approach the civic body for permissions.
once the urban development department formally notifies the special planning zones in a few days, these pockets would also be withdrawn from the civic bodys new development plan just like the mbpt lands, confirmed sources.
construction of commercial and office spaces and development of station areas would now be governed by the mmrda, which the cm himself heads.
according to information, the mmrda has newly been granted the spa status for lands required to build metro rail stations, casting yards, and rail tracks for the metro 2b (dn nagar-mandale), metro 4 (wadala-ghatkopar-mulund-thane-kasarvadavli), metro 5 (thane-bhiwandi-kalyan), metro 6 (swami samarth nagar-vikhroli), and metro 9 (mira bhayander-chatrapati shivaji international airport) rail routes.
fadnavis had set the ball rolling in this regard in december 2016 when he agreed to grant a similar tag for two ongoing metro rail routes  metro 2a (dahisar east to dn nagar), and metro 7 (andheri east to dahisar east).
in october last, the chief minister had also adopted the railway land development model for metro rail services, keeping constructions for operational purposes along metro rail line out of the ambit of the universal development control regulations of the concerned municipalities.
the mmrda has also sought a similar tag for the 80,730 square feet government land allotted to it in aarey for construction of the metro bhawan and another 86,000 square feet land parcel in the same locality, which it proposed to be used for a machinery yard.
but a final decision with regard to these lands is yet to be taken, said sources.
in april this year, the chief minister had sanctioned a proposal for leaving 960 hectare of mbpt-owned land in south and central mumbai out of the mumbai development plans ambit.
further, last month, his government designated the state-run maharashtra housing area development authority (mhada) as the planning body for 114 mhada-owned layouts, collectively spread over 20 square kilometre in mumbai.
before the mbpt and the mmrda proposals were sanctioned, about nine percent of mumbais land mass  41.
69 square kilometre out of 476.
24 square kilometre  was already notified as a special planning zone.
the civic body has been opposing notification of the spas within the city.
it has contended that the entire city should be governed by the same agency and attract the same development control regulations.
but senior mmrda officials argued that the newly acquired status would help in expediting work for completion of the metro rail routes.
the state government has taken up an ambitious project to develop model villages in 14 drought-hit districts.
the project has been undertaken to link the jalyukta shivar, the flagship project of chief minister devendrafadnavis , with livelihoods of villagers.
the shortlisted villages  pimpalgaon (osmanabad), babhadi (parbhani),babulgaon (hingoli), gariapur( nanded), nalni (jalna), sonhewra (beed), harangul (latur), mandrup (solapur), khatwada (akola), dabhadi-pimpributi (yavatmal), ekdhara (amravati), neemgaon / jambuldhaba (buldhana), bamdevi (wardha), panala (nandurbar)  are among the worst hit by agrarian crisis in the last two decades.
each village will be provided funds for becoming self reliant in water through jalyukta shivar and livehoods designed to make farmers and villagers economically self reliant.
district collectors have been urged to provide a full fledged development plan for each of these shortlisted villages after consultations with and consent of the village gram panchayats ensuring public participation.
special funds would be allocated for jalyukata shivar.
initially, rs 30 crores from the cms relief fund have been allocated for 15 villages across 14 districts for the jalyukta shivar abhiyan.
other related infrastructure and livelihood projects are being worked out between multiple departments in the state government.
the district collector will drive the project.
the chief minister said, the larger objective of the jalyukta shivar project should not be confined to water projects alone.
the next step should be to channel water reliance to change the livelihoods of villagers.
we have to emphasis holistic development of villages for socio-economic welfare.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
fadnavis was speaking here friday after inaugurating the countrys first multi-modal electric vehicle project and ola electric charging station, in the presence of union minister nitin gadkari.
the state government will frame a policy to set up electric vehicle charging stations for electric vehicles across the state, the cm said.
this is a huge opportunity for creating jobs for the unemployed youth.
through these charging stations, more job opportunities will be created.
the policy will cover all the aspects related to land availability and granting permissions for the electric vehicle charging stations, he said.
gadkari, who handles the transport portfolio, said there was an urgent need to rethink the transport infrastructure and fuel dependency in the country.
the transport ministry is focusing on pollution-free public transport in the country and we have entered into an mou with transport for london, the company which looks after the public transport in london, the minister said.
on manufacturing dual fuel engine for ships in the country, the shipping minister said, i am working on (setting up) a joint venture between an indian company and rolls royce on developing dual fuel engine for ships to be manufactured in india.
the agreement is very close to completion.
he said the brihanmumbai electric supply and transport (best) in mumbai was running into losses and his ministry has decided to find a solution to address isues pertaining to it and other public transport bodies.
b'mahim nature park at dharavi.
janak rathod mahim nature park at dharavi.
janak rathodthe maharashtra nature park (mnp) will have its board meeting on thursday.
however, its agenda finds no mention of the recent notification by the slum rehabilitation authority (sra) to include the park within the area earmarked for the dharavi redevelopment project.
the board is supposed to have meetings every three months but sources say the meeting on thursday is being conducted after almost a year.
there is no mention that the sra wants to include the park for the redevelopment project.
maybe the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) is confident that they will not allow the project.
however, while the cm said on the floor of the house that no construction will be allowed in the park, the notification has not been withdrawn by the sra, said dr manisha kayande, one of the three environmentalists nominated by the government on the executive board of the mnp society and also a shiv sena spokesperson.
aam aadmi party (aap) national joint secretary ruben mascarenhas said, the board of governors need to be informed of what is happening and accountability needs to be fixed.
even when the cm is saying it is a protected forest, the process has not been completed and it needs to be completed.
however, dr kayande proposes to raise the matter during the meeting under item no.
9 which allows members to raise any other item with the permission of the chair.
i will raise the matter and demand that it be declared as an urban forest and ask mmrda to clarify its stand on this regard, she added.
according to a senior mmrda official, the recent controversy has not found a mention in the agenda as it is prepared much in advance.
preparing the agenda for the board meeting is a long process and it goes through several approvals.
thus it is made at least one and a half months prior to the meeting and the redevelopment project issue had not cropped up then.
it will find a mention in the next meeting, he said.
dr kayande had earlier raised objections to the proposal by writing to chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray.
the sra had issued a notification last month seeking the inclusion of the 16.
86 hectares park in the redevelopment project to increase available land.
meanwhile, n vasudevan, additional principal chief conservator of forest, state mangrove cell, also wrote to sra opposing the inclusion in the project.
in a letter dated march 27, vasudevan wrote, for reasons best known to you, the mnp also figures in this notification.
in this regard, i wish to point out that mnp and its adjoining area have been declared as protected forests, vide government notification dated march 16, 1991.
a copy of this notification is enclosed for your kind reference.
no non-forestry activity is permitted on this land without prior approval of the central government.
union minister for information and broadcasting m venkaiah naidu.
(file) union minister for information and broadcasting m venkaiah naidu.
(file)union minister m venkaiah naidu on friday said the centre would extend all support to the tamil nadu government irrespective of who the chief minister is and it does not want to interfere in aiadmks internal affairs.
we (centre) do not want to interfere in the internal affairs of aiadmk.
we want a stable government in tamil nadu and who should be there chief minister is an internal affair of aiadmk, he said responding to quries on the political developments in the southern state.
the centre will extend all its support to the tamil nadu government, irrespective of who is the cm, naidu said.
watch what else is making news:edappadi k palaniswami, a v k sasikala loyalist, was on thursday sworn-in as the chief minister, ending the 10-day political uncertainty in tamil nadu which had begun with caretaker cm o panneerselvams revolt against the aiadmk general secretary.
on the bjp-shiv sena wranglings in maharashtra, naidu admitted that it is not an ideal situation and said allies in the government need to exercise restraint while speaking out against each other.
i admit that this is not an ideal situation.
being in government together and levelling allegations against each other is not an ideal situation, naidu said when asked about on the mud-slinging between bjp and sena as part of the high-voltage campaign for the civic polls in maharashtra.
these are local elections and sometimes alliance is possible in one part and at the same time, it is not possible in other part, so it is good to have control while speaking against each other, he said.
hitting out at the congress, naidu said it ruled and ruined the country and has now become a notional party from a national one.
congress ruled and ruined the country right from parliament to panchayat and earlier it was called a national party, but now it has become a notional party, naidu said.
on shiv senas claims that maharashtras devendrafadnavis government is on notice period, naidu said, we have not received any notice and if we receive it, we will study it and will decide what should be done.
bjp will get complete majority in the elections and there will be no need to compromise with any party, he asserted.
to a query on ncp president sharad pawar hinting at mid-term polls in the state and whether bjp will go with the party, the union minister said, he is a very knowledgeable person, however we have enough knowledgeable persons in our party.
he claimed that bjp is the biggest political party in the country now and there is a need to strengthen and widen it further.
the country needs modiji for 10 more years and bjp for 15 more years to address the challenges faced by the country and make it resurgent india, where there is no poverty, no hunger, no illiteracy, no exploitation, no social inequality and no corruption, the senior bjp leader said.
and to achieve it, we should follow our pms principle of reform, perform and transform, he said.
there is a need to elect an administration where local bodies, state, and the centre work together for speedy and effective implementation of development.
on the bill introduced by congress mp ranjeet ranjan, seeking cap on extravagant and wasteful expenditure during wedding functions, he said it will be debated and discussed when it comes up in parliament.
the way marriages are being held in a lavish manner has become a matter of concern and people are now discussing it.
there is counter argument that they are spending their own money and who are you to object to that, but at the same time there has to be a simplicity and sobriety as far as the marriages are concerned, he said.
b'the state government had earlier stepped in to defer release of the new rr rates till april 1.
express archive the state government had earlier stepped in to defer release of the new rr rates till april 1.
express archivethe maharashtra government is set to use a little-known rule in the general clauses act to stay the 2017-18 ready reckoner rates for land in the mumbai metropolitan region.
highly placed sources admitted that this perhaps could be the first time when the government was stepping in to revise such rates after being published.
ready reckoner (rr) rates are market values of a property, which are determined by the government for payment of stamp duty.
these rates, which are published annually, also impact the construction cost of real estate projects, since several premiums and charges collected by the municipalities are linked to them.
the maharashtra chamber of housing industry (mchi-credai), an apex body representing builders in the mmr, had earlier approached chief minister devendrafadnavis , demanding staying of the 2017-18 rr values.
the builders outfit had argued that there had been an abnormal hike in this years rates, and that it hadnt factored in the slump in the construction sector.
the office of the inspector general of registration (igr), which finalises these rates, had however contested the builders arguments.
it claimed that the rates had been finalised on the basis of the transactions that took place in 2016-17.
the hike this year was the lowest ever in seven years.
the average hike in mumbai was under 4 per cent.
this shows that the general slowdown in the sector had been accounted for, said an official, who did not wish to be named.
the state government had earlier stepped in to defer release of the new rr rates till april 1.
it was also pointed out to the government that the igr did not have powers to stay the rr rates once published.
but the government then took up a proposal to use section 21 under the general clauses act to consider the building industrys demand.
the proviso basically states that a person empowered to issue a notification or an order also has the power to vary or rescind such a notification or an order.
in the relevant context, it means the igr can invoke this section to modify its own order.
while the igrs office has continued to oppose the proposal, the sources said the government had plans to issue directives asking it to act in this regard.
incidentally, a proposal to delink construction premiums and charges with rr rates is gathering dust in mantralaya.
a top builder, however, justified staying of the land rates.
these days, land is hardly sold in mumbai.
the government mostly arrives at rr rates for land on the basis of flat sales, which is an inaccurate projection.
in several pockets, the land rates fixed are higher than the true market values.
this has further pushed up construction costs, and has hit redevelopment projects the most, said the builder.
sudhir mungantiwar with uddhav thackeray at matoshree on monday.
(source: dilip kagda) sudhir mungantiwar with uddhav thackeray at matoshree on monday.
(source: dilip kagda)the state government will provide rs 7,200 crore with eight per cent increase every year as compensation to the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) following the abolition of octroi and enforcement of the goods and services tax (gst) from july 1, 2017.
the total amount the state will incur following the abolition of local body tax in the municipal councils across maharashtra works out to rs 14,200 crore.
at a meeting held in matoshree, state finance minister sudhir mungantiwar met shiv sena president uddhav thackeray and reassured him that the government would provide adequate compensation in advance to the bmc every year.
the state has also decided to send its final draft proposal to make amendments in the present laws for thackerays consideration.
the draft bill will be discussed and adopted in the special session of the state legislative assembly to be held between may 20 and 22.
mungantiwar said, the meeting with thackeray was to dispel some apprehensions related to the allocation of funds to the bmc post gst.
the state is committed to providers 7,200 crore to the bmc with eight per cent increase every year.
we have decided to send the draft to thackeray tonight.
it would be followed by another meeting on tuesday morning.
at the meeting, thackeray conveyed that the bmc should not be held hostage to the state government or left at the centres mercy as income generated from octroi facilitates the functioning of the civic body that carries out development work in the city.
in absence of octroi, the assured amount commensurate with that generated in the bmc will have to be matched by the government in advance every year.
a senior sena mp said, we are not against gst.
we have already supported the gst in parliament, both in lok sabha and rajya sabha.
we just want the government to provide the assured matching grants to run the bmc following the abolition of octroi after gsts enforcement.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has already held discussions with the union finance minister to elicit maximum compensation for the state, including local bodies and the bmc, post gst.
sources said union finance minister arun jaitley has assured him that maharashtras concern would be adequately addressed.
the chief minister, who was in delhi on monday, discussed various state issues, including gst, with the ministries concerned.
while conceding the states demand to accept 2015-16 fiscal as the base, a compensation amount would be worked out and extended to maharashtra for the next five years.
the state government has indicated that it will continue to provide financial support to the local municipal councils and bmc every year beyond the time period.
the advance payments for the bmc would be facilitated after the gst is implemented.
the greater impetus on agriculture and irrigation sectors in the budget,presented by finance minister sudhir mungantiwar saturday, attempted to address farmers concerns.
with its policies, the government sought to underline its stated focus of making sustainable agriculture a reality complete with self-reliant farmers across the state.
although the developmental plan allocation for agriculture and allied services is rs 7,035.
73 crore and for irrigation and flood control is rs 8,701.
72 crore out of the total rs 77,184 crore across sectors, allocations through various schemes undertaken in 14 crucial departments, including skill development, rural development, tribal and social justice and infrastructure, which is an attempt to bridge the rural and urban divide, could work to farmers advantage.
if the total allocations of all the splintered projects to help farmers are summed up, it works out to more than rs 25,000 crore, a source in the finance ministry said.
the quantum leap from negative to positive growth in agriculture and allied sectors (12.
5 per cent) is an outcome of the policy reforms in the last two-and-a-half years.
our larger objective is to bring the maximum number of farmers within the institutional credit bracket, said chief minister devendra fadnavis.
while reiterating the governments commitment to higher allocation of funds in the agriculture sector till 2018-19, he said, doubled income of farmers by 2021 is the next achievable target.
an allocation of rs 1,200 crore has been made for the governments flagship jalyukta shivar project, to make 5,000 villages drought-free by 2017-18.
in addition, more funds will be provided from the district plan and central schemes for the project.
a sum of rs 225 crore has been provided for the ongoing farm pond scheme.
construction of irrigation wells under mnrega have been further consolidated with daily wages hiked from rs 192 to rs 210.
while stating that 80 lakh farmers have received the soil health card, the state government, with assistance from world bank intends to launch climate-resilient projects to make 4,000 villages in marathwada and 1,000 villages in purna basin drought-free.
the emphasis is on promoting agro-industries such as textile hubs,food processing, horticulture, animal husbandry and fisheries to achieve the double income goal in five years, sources said.
the model adopted is to form a group of 20 farmers who would pool 100 acres of minimum cultivable land to promote community agriculture, making it economically viable.
the condition is that individual farmer should not have more than 10 acres of land.
the project is aimed at uplifting 2 crore small and marginal farmers with land holding less than five hectares.
after accessing the pilot project, it would be extended across the state.
as the sugarcane crop production is likely to decrease by 28 per cent, the government exempted sugarcane purchase tax for the year 2015-16 and 2016-17 of sugar mills to facilitate them to pay fair price remuneration to the farmers.
indicating that restructuring of apmc and market linkages would be scaled up to bring better support price for farmers crops, the government said public private partnership will be promoted in both agro and irrigation projects.
to maximise the area under micro irrigation, it was decided to use israels micro-irrigation technology for full utilisation of the arvi lift irrigation project in wardha district and bemble project, yavatmal.
an amount of rs 100 crore is being provided for the project in 2017-18.
ambedkar krishi swavlamban yojana is being extended to scheduled tribes besides the scheduled caste beneficiaries.
an amount of rs 92 crore is earmarked for 2017-18.
prime minister narendra modi (file photo) prime minister narendra modi (file photo)prime minister narendra modi on friday paid tributes to dalit icon dr bhimrao ambedkar in nagpur on the occasion of his birth anniversary even as he sought to give credit for the bhim app to the visionary indian leader.
speaking at the digidhan mela in nagpur, pm modi said, that day is not far when the poor will say that digi dhan is niji dhan.
remembering the sacrifices made by the people of the country during independence movement, the prime minister also said: people of india gave their lives so that india attains freedom.
our freedom is the result of the sacrifices they made.
while emphasising that the bhim app is impacting several lives across the nation, pm modi said that the digidhan movement is a safai abhiyaan aimed at fighting the menace of corruption.
this digidhan movement is a safai abhiyaan.
it is to fight the menace of corruption: pm @narendramodi pic.
twitter.com/ah4ex5jrkc  pmo india (@pmoindia) april 14, 2017after inaugurating new units of the koradi thermal power station in nagpur, pm modi stressed the importance of renewable energy sector.
one of the sectors towards which we are devoting significant effort is the renewable energy sector, the prime minister said while describing energy sector as a great vitality in the 21st century.
commenting on the affordable housing, pm modi said, each and every indian must have his or her own house.
and that house must be equipped with electricity, water and other facilities.
he will later present awards to the mega draw winners of lucky grahak yojna and digidhan vyapar yojna.
earlier in the day, the prime minister paid floral tributes to the dalit icon where prayed for a few minutes with folded hands.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis was also present.
ahead of his visit, pm modi had tweeted on thursday that he was extremely honoured to be visiting nagpur, on the very special occasion of ambedkar jayanti.
we are unwavering in our efforts towards creating a strong, prosperous & inclusive india of dr ambedkars dreams, modi said.
the prime minister will also address a public rally at mankapur in nagpur.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has already rolled out the project with specifications and a timeline for nagpur, which also happens to be his hometown.
(representational image) chief minister devendrafadnavis has already rolled out the project with specifications and a timeline for nagpur, which also happens to be his hometown.
(representational image)maharashtra government has handed the letter of intent to larsen & toubro (l&t) appointing it as the implementation partner to make nagpur indias first large-scale integrated smart city.
the maharashtra government has adopted an independent model for all the ten cities listed to be developed as smart cities.
the ten cities are mumbai, pune, nagpur, amravati, solapur, nashik, aurangabad, kalyan-dombivali, thane,pimpri-chinchwad.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has already rolled out the project with specifications and a timeline for nagpur, which also happens to be his hometown.
the state government has also decided to develop nagpur, which is logistically significant being located in the centre point of india, complete with five hubs from textile centres to defence sectors.
the scope of work in phase 1 for l&ts smart world communications business vertical, which is a part of l&tconstruction, will cover laying of 1200 km of optical fibre network backbone, creating 136 city wi-fi hotspots at key locations, establishing 100 digital interactive kiosks and developing city surveillance systems with 3800 ip based cameras.
further, as an avant-garde endeavour, the city has identified a strip of approximately 6 km (from japanese garden square to orange city hospital square) to be developed as a smart strip with state-of-the-art systems powered by smart ict interventions like smart transport, solid waste management, smart lighting, etc.
which can be leveraged in a phased manner to ultimately cover the entire city.
after jaipur, this is the most significant step in the countrys journey towards establishing smart cities and we are delighted to be participating in transforming nagpur into one.
as a master systems integrator, we will provide leading edge technology solutions including high end analytics, mobile surveillance and high-tech tools like drones, said s n subrahmanyan, deputy managing director and president, larsen & toubro.
watch video: whats making newsaccording to vijay kumar gautam, principal secretary, government of maharashtra, the nagpur smart city project is a major milestone for the government of maharashtra.
the initiative will be driven by the governments department of information & technology.
we envisage it as a very structured programme replete with several digital technology elements.
the smart strip will be a new and exciting concept attempted for the first time in the country.
beginning with the development of surveillance and intelligent traffic management systems for the government of gujarat in ahmedabad, gandhinagar and vadodara and a surveillance and management system of critical infrastructure at the sabarmati jail, l&t has since executed the smart city project in jaipur and is executing indias largest city surveillance project comprising 6000 cameras across 1500+locations in mumbai for the government of maharashtra.
projects are also underway in delhi, lucknow and hyderabad.
the loi was signed in mumbai in presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis and elected members from nagpur, senior officials from state government and l&t.
bmc election results 2017: counting of votes is underway.
get the latest updates here.
bmc election results 2017: counting of votes is underway.
get the latest updates here.
the shiv sena is all set to retain power in the bmc or brihanmumbai municipal corporation, the countrys richest civic body.
as per the final tally, the shiv sena has won 84 seats while the bjp has bagged 82.
this time, the sena decided not to contest the polls in alliance with the bjp, something that appears to have worked in favour of the bjp as well as it now has 82 wins, currently at the second position.
in the meantime, while addressing a press conference at bjps dadar office, chief minister devendrafadnavis thanked the people of maharashtra, saying its an unprecedented victory.
the sena has been in power for the last two decades.
mumbai recorded 55.
53 per cent polling, highest in the last 25 years and ten per cent higher than 2012.
here are the bmc elections 2017 highlights:7:42 pm: not only mumbai mayor, but next chief minister will also be from shiv sena: uddhav thackeray6:57 pm: final tally  shiv sena 84, bjp 826:56 pm: bjps atul shah won the lottery in ward 220.
6:28 pm: shiv sena has done better in these elections, even muslim voters have turned towards shiv sena: uddhav thackeray6:08 pm: first bagalkar was declared winner.
after objection, recounting was done wherein equal number of votes were polled.
second recounting was done but tie remained.
now, civic chief has headed to counting centre where lottery will be done.
names of both candidates in a chit will be put and whichever is picked up that candidate will win.
6:04 pm: again tie between shah and bagalkar in ward 220, now decision will be taken by lottery.
6:00 pm: maharashtra people supported centres note ban, says fadnavis.
5:59 pm: in election it happens that we loose and win: fadnavis on pankaja mundes resignation.
5:56 pm: wont accept pankajas resignation, says fadnavis.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis at bjp office in dadar.
express photo by pradip das maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis at bjp office in dadar.
express photo by pradip das5:51 pm: we lost 20 seats by close margin, says fadnavis.
5:49 pm: theres a tie for number one spot, says fadnavis.
5:46 pm: bjp has created trust in people, says fadnavis.
5:45 pm: thanks for supporting our agenda, says fadnavis.
5:42 pm: this is a vote for transparency, says fadnavis.
5:35 pm: i thank people of maharashtra, its an unprecedented victory, says fadnavis.
5:26 pm: i take responsibility for my defeat in local body polls in beed, have sent my resignation: pankaja munde.
shiv sena candidate sujata sanap at colaba.
express photo by-ganesh shirsekar shiv sena candidate sujata sanap at colaba.
express photo by-ganesh shirsekar5:08 pm: ashish shelar celebrates outside bjps office in dadar.
express photo: nirmal express photo: nirmalexpress photo: nirmal express photo: nirmal5:01 pm: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis felicitated by supporters for bjps performance in local body polls5:00 pm: shiv sena and congress joined hands even before the elections.
in up, too, congress joined hands with sp.
will congress now help shiv sena just to stop mumbai bjp?
says kirit somaiya.
celebrations outside matoshree.
(express photo) celebrations outside matoshree.
(express photo)4:55 pm: state overall tally for all municipal corporations till 4 pm: bjp 470, ss 215, cong 99, ncp 108, mns 16, others-61celebrations outside matoshree.
(express photo) celebrations outside matoshree.
(express photo)4:53 pm: recounting for ward 87 and 220 is going on.
.
so final figures awaited.
4:51 pm: chief minister devendrafadnavis to address press conference at bjps dadar office in a few minutes.
4:49 pm: shiv sena supporters celebrate outside shiv sena chief uddhav thackerays residence matoshree in mumbai.
4:47 pm: the recounting in ward 220 is going on a tie/equal number of votes.
shiv sena sitting corporator surendra bagalkar and bjp spokesperson and candidate atul shah have got equal votes.
4:31 pm: we are not considering alliance with bjp, final call on this will be taken by the party chief uddhavji, manohar joshi while leaving matoshree4:20 pm: sena is talking with independents to retain power in bmc.
sena has lost some seats by small margins.
since we have won 84 seats in bmc, mayor will be from sena, said anil parab, shiv sena legislator4:18 pm: recounting in ward 87 of h east ward.
some official objection raised.
shiv sena had initially won in this ward.
ashish shelar, mumbai bjp president.
ashish shelar, mumbai bjp president.
4:13 pm: bjps win is bigger than shiv senas.
while shiv sena seats gone up marginally from last elections, our seats have gone up three times: ashish shelar, mumbai bjp president4:12 pm: in ward 69, bjp candidate, claimed to be citizens candidate, renu hansraj wins from juhu area.
f south ward results  parel areaward no 200 senaward no 201 congward no 202-206 senag south ward results  n.m joshi marg areaward no 193-196 senaward no 197 mnsward no 198-199 sena4:06 pm: pankaja munde takes responsibility after bjp lost 8 out of 10 seats in parli, offers resignation.
4:06 pm: some big leaders within party deliberately made statements on partys work and me.
this result is outcome of their anti party campaigns: sanjay nirupamk west ward results  andheri west, oshiwara areaward no 59 senaward no 60 bjpward no 61 senaward no 62 independentward no 63 bjpward no 64 senaward no 65-66 congward no 67-71 bjpk east ward results  andheri east areaward no 72 bjpward no 73 senaward no 74 bjpward no 75 senaward no 76 bjpward no 77 senaward no 78 ncpward no 79 senaward no 80, 81 bjpward no 86, 82, 83 congward no 84 bjpward no 85 bjp4:01 pm: r north ward results  dahisar areaward no 1 senaward no 2 bjpward no 3 -7 senaward no 8 bjpm east results  chembur areaward no 145 mimward no 146 spward no 147ward no 148 senaward no 134 spward no 135 senaward no 136 spward n0 137-139 spward no 140 ncpward no 141 congward no 142, 143 senaward no 144 bjpc ward results  chira bazar areaward no 221 bjpward no 222 bjp3:51 pm: i accept the decision of people of mumbai.
i will keep working for the party: congress leader sanjay nirupam on his resignation.
in l ward results  kurla-saki naka areaward no 156 mnsward no 157 senaward no 158 senaward no 159 bjpward no 160 independentward no 161 senaward no 162 congward no 163 mnsward no 164 bjpward no 165 congward no 166 mnsward no 167 congward no 168 ncpward no 169 senaward no 170 ncpward no 171 sena3.
40 pm: here are the results right now.
the bjp is slowly closing in on the senashiv sena is at 84bjp is at 80congress is at 31ncp is at 9mim is at 3sp is at 6mns is at 7abs is at 1independents at 43.
38 pm: results for f north  sion-antop hill-wadala172, 177, 174 bjp173, 175, 178, 180 sena176, 179, 181 cong3.
33 pm: results for g north  dharavi/mahim182, 185-187, 191, 192 sena183, 184 congress188 ncp189 mns190 bjp3.
30 pm: we also have results for r central  borivalicongress has won in ward 9, bjp in ward no 10, 13-17; sena in 11 and 12 and 183.
25 pm: latest tally for 220 seatsshiv sena is at 83 seatsbjp is at 79congress is at 30ncp is at 8samajwadi party is at 6mns is also at 6abs has won just one seatfour independent have won3.
13 pm: results for r south  (kandivali)ward no 19  shiv senawards 20 to 24 to the bjpward 25 to the senaward 26 to the bjpward 27 result pendingward 28 to the congresswards 29 to 31 to the bjp3.
11 pm: here are the results of 199 seats in the bmc elections:shiv sena is at no 1 position with 77 seatsbjp is no 2 with 69 seatscongress is at no 3 with 27 seatsncp is at no four with 8 seatsmns has won four seatssp has won six seatsmim has won three seatsabs has won a seatindependents  four seats3.
10 pm: in m west (chembur), results are as follows:bjp has won in 149, 151, 152, 154congress has won in 150shiv sena has won in 153 and 1553.
07 pm: mayor snehal ambekar has won from ward 198.
in ward no 194, sena rebel mahesh sawant has defeated sena candidate samadhan sarvankar, son of local sena legislator sada sarvankar, and mnss sitting corporator santosh dhuri.
3.
06 pm: when asked if bjp will go for alliance with the shiv sena, kirit somaiya said: transparency and development should be the common agenda.
will do anything for the well being and development of mumbaikars.
3.
05 pm: we also have results from r north  dahisarsena has won in ward 1, 3-7bjp has won in ward 2 and 83.
05 pm: deputy mayor and bjp candidate alka kerkar has won from ward no 983.
03 pm: sitting congress corporator asif zakaria has defeated bjp candidate and activist deryk talker in ward 1013.
01 pm: results for h west  (santa cruz west and bandra west)bjp has won in wards 97, 98, 100shiv sena has won in 99congress has won in ward 101mim has won in ward 1023.
00 pm: bjp legislator yogesh sagar: people place their cofidence in the bjp leadership and thats why we won 10 out of 13 seats in kandivali west and east2.
57 pm: meanwhile in mumbai, the indian navy has managed to bring ins betwa upright at mumbai dockyard.
here are some pictures.
ins betwa brought upright now at even keel.
d warship had capsized on dec 5 at mumbai dockyard killing 2 sailors.
@indianexpress pic.
twitter.com/r76ym71rwr  rashmi rajput (@rashmirajput123) february 23, 20172.
55 pm: vinod tawde, maharashtra minister and senior bjp leader: we are the true representatives of people because we connect with people in all the cities.
people are confident that bjp will tackle issues of transport.
sanjay raut said we wont get even 40 seats but we have got 77.
we have got sweeping majority even in marathi areas.
2.
50 pm: improvement committee chairperson and sitting bjp corporator prakash gangadhare has won in ward 104  t ward (mulund)2.
47 pm: in celebratory fire crackers, a tree has caught fire inside kalanagar compoundexpress photo/amit chakravarty express photo/amit chakravarty2.
45 pm: dont be hasty, says shiv senadiwakar raote, shiv sena minister: party chief will take a call on post election coalition.
we will take a decision in some time on the matter of coalition.
dont be hasty.
we wont be hasty to take the decision.
2.
40 pm: while the shiv sena has begun celebrations across mumbai, its also a big win for the bjp.
despite not being in an alliance, they have managed to secure wins/leads in 61 seats.
thats almost double from what they were in 2012.
2.
33 pm: results for p north  (malad)congress has won in wards 32, 33, 34 and 48.
bjp has won in wards 35, 46, 47.
shiv sena has won in ward 49.
2.
30 pm: what do you think of the congress partys performance?
2.
24 pm: eknath shinde of the sena has this to say: we dont work to take credit.
we work to give people resources they deserve.
in mumbai and thane, shiv sena is there for common people during their happy and sad times.
people have rewarded shiv sena for that.
people have given importance to our work.
there is no water shortage in mumbai because of shiv sena s efforts.
in thane also, we are working towards overall growth.
radhika ramaswamy reports.
2.
17 pm: lets look at the numbers once againshiv sena is at 94bjp at 61congress at 22mns at 11ncp at 6others/independents at 7want to know whats happening in pune?
click here to find out2.
12 pm: celebrations by shiv sena party workers in mumbaicolour, firecrackers and sweets  the shiv sena has every reason to celebrate today.
express photo/nirmal harindran colour, firecrackers and sweets  the shiv sena has every reason to celebrate today.
express photo/nirmal harindran2.
10 pm: sanjay kakade, bjp has reacted to the bmc poll results: we are confident that we will win.
happy that we have won in pune and people of pune have shown confidence in us.
we will fullfil all their promises.
ticket allotment strategy was the best decision and deserves most credit, he says.
radhika ramaswamy reports.
2.
08 pm: rajendra narwankar, a congress candidate and former assistant engineer of bmc wins from ward 216 (d ward).
2.
07 pm: in d ward  malabar hill, charni road, tardeo  bjp has won in 214, shiv sena has won in 215, congress has won in 216, bjp has won in 217-2192.
05 pm: in p south ward  goregaon  resultsbjp has won in ward 50, sena in 51, bjp in 52, sena in 53,54, bjp in 55,56,57,582.
00 pm: bjp legislator pravin darekars brother prakash darekar loses from ward 11.
1.
59 pm: after recount in ward 220, shiv sena sitting corporator surendra bagalkar and bjp spokesperson and candidate atul shah poll equal number of votes.
this is c ward  mumbadevi.
1.
57 pm: celebrations are underway at matoshree!
caricatures of uddhav thackeray outside his residence in bandra east, mumbai.
express photo/amit chakravarty caricatures of uddhav thackeray outside his residence in bandra east, mumbai.
express photo/amit chakravarty1.
55 pm: in bandra (east), a muslim candidate haji mohamed halim khan has won from bharat nagar (ward no.
96) on a shiv sena ticket.
1.
54 pm: shiv senas haji mohammed halim khan wins from ward number 96.
mim candidate gulnaz qureshi won in ward 92 in h east ward.
sena has also won in ward 94.
1.
52 pm: here are the official wins in the bmc polls right now1) bjp- 222) sena-343)inc-154) ncp-45) mim -26) sp-67) mns-18)others- 1total 851.
51 pm: former chief minister of maharashtra and prominent sena leader manohar joshi has arrived at matoshree1.
50 pm: mim candidate gulnaz qureshi won in ward 92 in h east ward.
1.
47 pm: in h-east ward (bandra east and santacruz east), here are the results sena has won in wards 87, 88, 89,91,93,95,96, congress has won in 90, mim has won in 92.
counting for ward 94 is pending1.
46 pm: tulip miranda, congress has won in ward 90.
shes a first-time corporator.
1.
43 pm: another sena reaction: 12 lakh voters name missing is nothing but a conspiracy.
majority of these were marathi voters, said senior shiv sena leader vinayak raut, outside the thackeray residence  matoshree.
going by the tall claims made by the bjp leaders they should have won over 100 seats however, they failed, because people of mumbai have once again voted for sena.
1.
40 pm: former congress mp milind deora has reacted to the bmc election results.
heres what he has to say.
congrats shiv sena & bjp for retaining bmc.
for mumbais sake, earnestly hope the next 5 years are better than the last 2 decades ?
?
?
?
milind deora (@milinddeora) february 23, 2017conclusion one can draw from bmc election results is that mumbaikars seem content living with potholes, flooding, malaria & water tankers  milind deora (@milinddeora) february 23, 20171.
39 pm: in s ward (bhandup-kanjurmarg-powai) these are the results:111- bjp, 112- bjp, 113- sena, 114- sena, 115- sena, 116- cong, 117- sena, 118- sena, 119-ncp, 120- sena, 121- sena, 122- bjp1.
35 pm: heres what mumbai congress chief sanjay nirupam has to say i have offered to resign.
we accept peoples verdict.
i cannot make the whole party win.
there is no unity within the party.
there is in-fighting.
one persons hard work is not going to make the party win.
there are people who consider themselves bigger than the party.
hence it is a disappointing result for us.
in a party, people need to stand together and thats not happening.
1.
33 pm: with a lead in over 90 seats, celebrations outside sena bhavan in dadar, mumbai, captured by nirmal harindran.
sena supporters carry a portrait of party president uddhav thackeray as they celebrate outside sena bhavan.
express photo/prashant nadkar sena supporters carry a portrait of party president uddhav thackeray as they celebrate outside sena bhavan.
express photo/prashant nadkar1.
30 pm: heres a round up of the seats.
the shiv sena is leading in 93 seats, the bjp in 61 and the mns in 101.
22 pm: residents of dongri-musafirkhana  the congress retains power here.
results for b ward223- congress224- congress1.
21 pm: for those who live in byculla, here are the results:results for e ward207- bjp208- sena209- sena210- congress211- sp (rais shaikh )212- akhil bhartiya sena (geeta gawli)213- congress1.
20 pm: mumbai congress president sanjay nirupam offers to resign after accepting responsibility for the defeat.
1.
17 pm: ncps rakhi jadhav defeats senas mangal bhanushali and bjps bhalchandra shirsat in ward 131.
bhanushali was senas gujarati face for polls.
1.
14 pm: results for m east: shiv sena 6 seats, sp 5, ncp 1, bjp 1, cong 1, mim 11.
11 pm: tension between bjp workers and residents who claim to be shiv sena supporters outside bjp office in mumbai.
1.
10 pm: shiv sena group leader trushna vishwasrao has lost to sufiyan vanu of the congress in ward 179.
phanase and vishwasrao were heading the civic body for last two and half years.
both have lost.
1.
07 pm: mim candidate waqarunnisa ansari has lost to sitting corporator dynanraj nikams daughter nikita nikam in ward no 223.
1.
05 pm: shiv senas strongman and sitting corporator yashodhar phanse has lost from ward no 60 in lokhandwala complex, andheri west.
he heads the bmcs all powerful standing committee.
1.
04 pm: we have the first reaction from the bjp.
sanjay raut said that bjp couldnt even manage 40 seats.
we have crossed 50.
this is like a slap on his face, says vinod tawde, bjp, reports priyanka sahoo.
1.
04 pm: a retired civic engineer rajendra narvekar, who was contesting from congress, defeated former health committee chairman and bjp candidate ramesh naik from ward no.
216, girgaum, reports sandeep ashar.
1.
03 pm: with the counting of 188 seats, the sena is leading in 90 seats, bjp in 55, congress 20, mns 10 and ncp 6.
there are total 227 seats in mumbai and 114 seats are need for a majority.
sena is just 24 seats away from reaching the magic figure.
its likely that sena may touch 100 and may be in power.
vishwas waghmode12.
57 pm: shiv sena mayor snehal ambekar is leading from ward no 198.
12.
55 pm: underworld don arun gawlis sister-in-law vandana gawli defeated from ward no 207.
bjp wrest the seat.
12.
51 pm: sena candidate tejaswi ghosalkar has won in ward number 1.
ghosalkar has defeated congress candidate sheetal mhatre.
12.
50 pm: bjps ritu tawde, who demanded a ban on scantily clad mannequins outside shops lost from ward 127 in ghatkopar west.
guess that didnt go down too well.
12.
49 pm: jagdish ojha, bjp candidate has won in ward 212.
47 pm: swapnil tembawalkar is the candidate who defeated bjp mumbai chief ashish shelars brother in ward 5112.
45 pm: shiv senas congress import and former opposition leader in the bmc devendra amberkar has lost the bmc election12.
44 pm: in ward 226, makarand narvekars sister in law harshita narvekar has won, also on a bjp ticket.
12.
44 pm: meanwhile, sena celebrations outside bombay dyeing office on pandurang budhkar marg, have resulted in the shutting of an entire road.
hundreds of sena supporters have forced the roads to stay closed.
12.
43 pm: in ward 227 sitting corporator makarand narvekar, who joined bjp, wins.
12.
42 pm: for all our readers from colaba, here are the results in a ward: 225- shiv sena, 226- bjp, 227-bjp12.
41 pm: deepak thakur, the son of bjp minister vidya thakur, wins from ward 50.
12.
40 pm: in g south, sena is leading in seven wards.
this is the dadar prabhadevi area where the party has a strong hold.
meanwhile, in a ward  colaba, in a ward, sena is leading in ward 225, bjp is leading in wards 226, 227.
12.
38 pm: ravi raja from congress wins ward no 176, sion koliwada.
defeats bjp mla tamil selvan brother murugan by 134 votes12.
35 pm: shiv sena mp rahul shewales wife kamini shewale loses from ward 144.
12.
33 pm: mumbai bjp chief ashish shelars brother vinod, a sitting bjp corporator, loses to shiv sena in malad (east).
he was contesting from ward 51.
12.
30 pm: mns opens its account, reports sandeep ashar.
its candidate archana bhalerao wins from ward 126.
we also have details of ward 136.
ruksana siddiqui of the samajwadi party has won, reports zeeshan shaikh.
12.
27 pm: aimim wins ward no.
223.
waqarunnisa ansari, congress rebel, wins on mims ticket.
atul shah defeated from ward no.
220, mumbadevi, surendra bagalkar from the sena has won.
shiv sena celebrations outside sena bhavan, dadar.
express photo/nirmal harindran shiv sena celebrations outside sena bhavan, dadar.
express photo/nirmal harindran12.
26 pm: in g north ward, shiv sena has won in wards 186, 187.
this area comprises dharavi and mahim.
the breakdown is as follows: 6 seats for sena, 2 for cong, 1 for ncp, 1 for mns, and 1 for bjp12.
25 pm: shiv sena has won six seats in the marathi dominated areas of sewri and parel, retaining five and winning one more.
this is the f-south ward of the bmc.
icongress has won in ward 201, and shiv sena has won in 202-206 and ward 200.
12.
23 pm: t ward results  here are the figures  wards 103 to 108 have elected the bjp.
ward 109, 113 to 114 have gone with the shiv sena and ward no 110 has voted congress.
while counting is over, we are still awaiting an official announcement.
12.
21 pm: road block and detours near counting centres is creating massive confusion among motorists and party supporters.
12.
20 pm: the official numbers right now.
sena has won in three and are leading in 80.
the bjp has won one seat and is leading in 50.
the congress is leading in 18 and the mns in 10.
12.
17 pm: details of the sena win in ward one in dahisar.
shiv senas tejaswini ghosalkar, the wife of sitting corporator abhishek ghosalkar has defeated congress candidate sheetal mhatre.
12.
15 pm: in ward 203 in parel (krishna nagar), bjps tejaswini abmole, the wife of sitting shiv sena corporator nana ambole (who defected to bjp before the elections), lost to shiv sena candidate sindhu masurkar, srinath reports.
sandeep ashar reports that the congress party leader in the bmc, pravin chheda, has lost.
12.
12 pm: okay, time for another roundup of numbers.
we have three official wins in bmc and they are all for the shiv sena.
they are now leading in 78 seats while the bjp is leading in 50 seats.
12.
12 pm: bjp mp kirit somaiya is already in celebration mood!
heres what he tweeted this noon.
we have done it, bmc election, bjp wins all 6 seats of mulund including neil kirit somaiya @dev_fadnavis @bjp4india @bjp4mcgm  kirit somaiya (@kiritsomaiya) february 23, 201712.
11 pm: were also learning that shiv senas shraddha jadhav, ex mayor has won from 202 parel area.
12.
10 pm: results may not yet be officially declared but celebrations are underway at the sena and bjp offices.
priyanka sahoo captures what is happening outside the bjp office in mumbai.
12.
04 pm: shiv senas vasant shivaram nakashe from ward 186 is already celebrating.
an official announcement is likely soon.
shiv senas vasant shivaram nakashe celebrating in mumbai.
express photo/prashant nadkar shiv senas vasant shivaram nakashe celebrating in mumbai.
express photo/prashant nadkar12.
01 pm: lets recap the lead results at 12.
00 pm.
the sena is leading in 80 seats, the bjp is leading in 45, the congress in 17 and the mns is leading in nine.
the ncp is leading in five seats while independents and other parties are leading in seven seats.
this is for 163 out of 227 seats.
any party needs 114 seats to take control of the bmc.
12.
00 pm: the bmc leads, as of now, have also indicated that the bjp has crossed its 2012 tally of 31.
it is now leading in 45 seats.
the sena and the bjp are not in an alliance in this election.
11.
55 am: the sena is now leading in 75 seats, its victory tally last election.
with a total of 151 leads out, the bjp is leading in 42, the congress in 14 and the mns in 9.
11.
52 am: the bjp is dominating the seats in areas that have large number of gujarati speaking people.
srinath rao reports that the party is leading in 25 out of 42 wards.
11.
50 am: leads are in for 138 seats of the 227 in the bmc election.
the sena is currently leading in 70 seats, while the bjp is leading in 38.
the congress is leading in 14 seats while the mns is leading in five.
11.
44 am: back to the numbers  with leads in 132 seats, the sena is leading in 67, the bjp in 32 and the congress in 13.
mns is leading in six while the ncp is leading in five.
bmc elections 2017: shiv sena workers celebrating in dadar, mumbai.
express photo/prashant nadkar.
bmc elections 2017: shiv sena workers celebrating in dadar, mumbai.
express photo/prashant nadkar.
11.
42 am: bjps parag shah, the richest candidate in this election with assets of rs. 690 crore, leads congress strongman and leader of opposition pravin chheda in ward 132 in ghatkopar, reports srinath rao.
11.
40 am: setback for the sena.
in ward no 191 (shivaji park, dadar) bjp is leading unexpectedly, senas vishakha raut, ex mayor and mnss swapna deshpande are trailing, our correspondent vishwas waghmode reports.
11.
35 am: heres what the situation is inside the counting centre at nesco ground in goregoan east.
our photographer amit chakravarty captures the counting of votes currently underway.
bmc elections 2017: heres what is happening inside the counting centre in mumbai.
express photo/amit chakravarty bmc elections 2017: heres what is happening inside the counting centre in mumbai.
express photo/amit chakravarty11.
34 am: we now have leads in 117 seats.
the halfway mark is 114.
the shiv sena is leading in 59 while the bjp is leading in 35.
was the senas move to go it alone a smart one?
tell us what you think in the comment box below.
11.
34 am: we also have details about bjp mp kirit somaiyas son neil somaiya.
he is currently leading in ward 108.
11.
33 am: lets get back to the numbers.
we have leads for 111 seats.
the sena is leading in 57 while the bjp is leading in 32.
the congress in 10, mns in five and ncp in four.
keep refreshing this page for the latest results from the bmc elections 2017.
remember, this is the election that decides mumbais fate for the next five years!
11.
30 am: heres a look at what is happening in dadar, the stronghold of the shiv sena.
this is at kabootar khaana, where mumbai police officials will end up having a tough time controlling party workers.
shiv sena party workers in dadar.
express photo/rohit alok.
shiv sena party workers in dadar.
express photo/rohit alok.
11.
27 am: we also have details about the mns.
bharti tandel its candidate in ward 190 is leading with 620 votes in the first round of counting.
well get you more details as they are made available to us.
11.
25 am: heres what is happening inside the bjp office in mumbai.
bmc elections 2017: heres what the situation is inside the bjp office in mumbai.
express photo/priyanka sahoo bmc elections 2017: heres what the situation is inside the bjp office in mumbai.
express photo/priyanka sahoo11.
22 am: in the partys stronghold of dadar, the shiv sena is leading in six out of seven seats.
dadar had seen a high voter turnout.
11.
20 am: leads are in for 90 seats.
shiv sena is leading in 44 seats while the bjp is leading in 28.
congress is now leading in one more seat taking its lead tally to 1o.
11.
15 am: the sena is now leading in 40 seats while the bjp is leading in 26.
congress is in third position with leads in nine seats.
11.
10 am: our correspondent arita sarkar reports that bjp corporator samita kamble, who had introduced the controversial proposal on suryanamaskar, is leading in ward no 107 with 1,310 votes in the first round.
sitting bjp corporator jyotsna mehta is leading in ward no 219.
11.
05 am: more numbers in.
the sena is leading in 37, the bjp in 25.
congress is in third position with nine seats.
remember, these are just leads, not wins.
the results could change as new rounds of counting begin.
11.
00 am: the tally has now risen a bit.
the sena is leading in 35, the bjp is leading in 23, the congress in six, the mns in three, ncp and others in two each.
keep following for the latest updates.
we now have lead numbers for 71 of the 227 seats.
bmc polls 2017: the media are already waiting outside sena bhavan in dadar.
will they retain power?
express photo/nirmal harindran.
bmc polls 2017: the media are already waiting outside sena bhavan in dadar.
will they retain power?
express photo/nirmal harindran.
10.
58 am: the sena is now at 34 while the bjp is at 23.
these numbers will keep changing as counting moves ahead.
bmc has a total of 227 seats, just to recap.
in the last election, sena won 75 while bjp won 31.
the half way figure 114.
10.
55 am: shiv sena is racing ahead.
it now leads in 31 seats while the bjp is leading in 20.
the congress in six whil the ncp is leading in two seats.
10.
52 am: the sena is now leading in 24 seats while the bjp is at number two position with a lead in 13 seats.
the congress is leading in five seats while the ncp is leading in two seats.
10.
48 am: the shiv sena is now leading in 18 wards while the bjp is leading in 11.
the ncp has a lead as well.
they won 13 seats in the 2012 polls.
what will their count be this time around?
10.
45 am: the mns is yet to open its account in the bmc polls 2017.
in the 2012 election, the mns won 28 seats.
what will its count be in this election?
keep refreshing this page to find out.
10.
43 am: the numbers are quickly moving and if the leads are anything to go by, the sena is racing ahead while the bjp is catching up.
the sena now leads in 12 seats, while the bjp is leading in seven.
the congress is ahead in two while independents/others are leading in one seat.
10.
40 am: just to sum up the numbers at this very moment, the shiv sena is leading in eight seats, the bjp in three, the congress in one seat and independents/others in one seat as well.
keep refreshing to get the latest updates on the bmc poll results.
10.
37 am: the congress is leading in one seat now.
meanwhile, we have the first reaction from the shiv sena.
senior party leader manohar joshi says they are positive about their victory but both brothers (raj & uddhav thackeray) cant come together.
10.
33 am: the bjp is leading in wards 216, 217 and 218.
we will get you details of these wards soon.
10.
30 am: these are the wards where the shiv sena is leading for now: 89, 95, 200, 202, 203, 204, 215.
these numbers could well change as counting progresses, so keep refreshing this page for the latest updates as they unfold.
202 and 204  that fall in the parel and sewri areas are sena bastions.
this is round one of counting.
10.
28 am: the sena is now leading in three seats while the bjp is leading in two.
in ward 202, senas shraddha jadhav is the leading candidate.
she was the former mayor.
10.
26 am: the lead for the shiv sena is in ward no 220.
senas surendra bagalkar is the candidate contesting.
he is a sitting councillor and was also the ex-chairman of best.
10.
25 am: more facts, while we wait for another update from counting officials.
the bmc caters to a population of around 18.
30 million.
its budget for the current fiscal is rs 37,052 crore.
in comparison, neighbouring goas budget last year was around rs 14,700 crore.
click here for pmc election results 2017 live updates10.
21 am: the first leads are in.
the bjp and the shiv sena both lead in one seat each.
keep following us for the latest tally!
10.
20 am: in any election, the first hint of anti-incumbency is a high voter turnout.
but in this election, while mumbai has seen a high voter turnout, the data could well be linked to another reason.
the voters list has shrunk substantially since 2012.
from 1.
02 crore voters, it is now at 91.
8 lakh voters.
10.
15 am: in case the bjp wins the bmc polls, we thought it would be fitting to remind you of what maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis promised.
the bjp has said that slum-dwellers would get 305 square feet houses, bigger than the current measurements of 269 sq ft under the slum rehabilitation authority (sra) scheme, if voted to power.
fadnavis also promised in situ rehabilitation of 50,000 slum-dwellers in the mumbai airport area.
10.
12 am: what do you think are the most important issues for the new body that comes in today?
tell us in the comment section below.
we surely thinking fixing of mumbais potholes, given that the monsoons are a few months away, should be taken on priority.
10.
10 am: we are still awaiting a lead in the election.
the first few minutes goes into counting the number of evms and sorting them out ward wise.
once this is done, a representative of each political party will be present before the election officials ensuring that the evms are sealed well.
it is only once all of them confirm that counting of votes will begin.
10.
05 am: just to recap, at 61.
5 per cent, the highest turnout was recorded in r central ward (charkop, borivali), followed by 60 per cent in r north ward (dahisar, magathane) and 60.
5 per cent in t and s wards (mulund, bhandup).
10.
00 am: counting has begun in the bmc polls that will decide who gets to govern mumbai for the next five years.
the battle, this time, is between the shiv sena and the bjp which decided against an alliance.
were getting you the latest here.
9.
55 am: to get control of the bmc, which has an annual budget of 37,000 crores, a party will need to win 114 seats.
in the last election, the shiv sena won 75 and the bjp won 31.
who will it be this time?
counting begins in just about five minutes.
9.
50 am: if the sena loses the election, or theres a significant drop in its tally, it could well result in the sena having to take a back seat in its constant attack on the bjp, keeping in mind the upcoming 2019 elections.
the shiv sena has been controlling the bmc for the last two decades.
9.
40 am: if todays results throw up a hung verdict, its very likely that the bjp and the shiv sena, the two parties that have been in an alliance, will come together again.
if not in an official alliance, the two parties are likely to at least agree to a common minimum programme.
9.
30 am: just half an hour left for counting of vtoes to begin in the bmc elections as well as elections to nine other civic bodies in maharashtra.
in bmc, the ruling shiv sena is hoping to retain power and is banking on the high voter turnout specially in the marathi-speaking dominated areas of central mumbai.
in the 2012 bmc elections, the shiv sena won 75 seats in the 227-member body.
the bjp won 31, the congress 52, ncp 13, mns won 28 seats while independents and other smaller parties won 28 seats.
municipal commissioner ajoy mehta municipal commissioner ajoy mehtatargeting municipal commissioner ajoy mehta over the delay in repair of potholes, shiv sena corporators are planning to call for a no-confidence motion against the civic chief.
the decision was taken by standing committee chairperson yashodhar phanse, which was supported by all opposition parties during the standing committee meeting thursday.
a vote could be held during the next general body meeting on october 23.
the discussion flared up after the civic administration submitted a report in response to phanses demand for an inquiry into the road department for its repeated claims of misreporting the number of potholes in the city.
the chief engineer of the roads department, sanjay darades report, however, had no mention of potholes and only included details of the works for improvement of the several roads to be taken up in all three zones and also mentioned the status of the ongoing roads inquiry.
terming the report as inadequate, sena leader phanse said the discussion on the pothole-riddled roads had been going on for several meetings and the civic administration had failed to give a proper response on the issue.
we do not accept this report since it has no mention of the inquiry on the counting of potholes.
we will move a no-confidence motion against the municipal commissioner if all the potholes are not filled within a weeks time, he said.
leader of opposition and congress corporator pravin chheda however, said they would move the no-confidence motion regardless of the deadline given by the shiv sena.
corporators from all parties spoke out in unison against the municipal commissioner and demanded a proper inquiry against the engineer who was responsible for the counting of potholes.
leader of the house trushna vishwasrao took a jibe at the bjp and stated that the partys group leader manoj kotak should ask chief minister devendrafadnavis to remove mehta from the post of municipal commissioner.
apart from delaying the pothole repairs, the commissioner has even failed to even adhere to the deadline given by the cm and he should, thus, be called back, she said.
carrying on his tirade against the chief engineer of the roads department, mns corporator sandeep deshpande threatened to make all the engineers take the blame if the potholes are not repaired within the week.
the corporators are blamed for the conditions of the roads when it is the engineers who make the tenders.
to top that, the engineers are misguiding the citizens by underplaying the number of potholes, he said.
adding to his argument, bjp corporator kotak demanded that the municipal commissioner and additional municipal commissioners should conduct a joint visit of the roads with the corporators to understand the ground reality.
despite several calls and messages, mehta could not be reached for comments.
another senior civic official, however, said the sena was targeting the civic chief.
the sena corporators are scared of the findings of the second roads inquiry report which will come as a big blow to them.
they are simply trying to distance themselves from the situation, said the official.
ncp chief sharad pawar ncp chief sharad pawarncp president sharad pawar on saturday asserted that his party will not bail out the bjp government in maharashtra if it is reduced to minority and dared the shiv sena to withdraw support to it.
we are willing to give a letter to the governor, saying the devendrafadnavis government will not have ncps support if shiv sena withdraws from it.
but uddhav thackeray should first give a letter to the governor withdrawing support to the fadnavis government and also make the letter public, pawar said at a press conference.
watch what else is making news:replying to questions on uddhavs remark that he doesnt trust the ncp when it says it will not support the bjp government if shiv sena pulls out, pawar said he does not require a certificate of trust from him.
uddhav, which has snapped ties with bjp for the february 21 civic polls, has said he will take a decision on continuing in the maharashtra government after election results are announced on february 23.
the maratha strongman said two years ago his party had announced support to bjp (which won maximum seats) since no party had got a majority and ncp did not want political instability immediately after the 2014 assembly polls.
the bjp had formed government for the first time and people thought the party should be given a chance to perform.
but after two years, people have realised that bjp is no good.
hence, there is no question of supporting the government, pawar said.
the former union minister claimed the bjp will not have an upper hand in the civic polls and alleged the central leadership of the party has been plotting to weaken the shiv sena.
pawar said chief minister devendrafadnavis poll campaign is centred around personal attacks on uddhav, the shiv sena had to retaliate.
if this continues and the shiv sena withdraws support, there will be mid-term polls.
but, there is no clarity yet on the shiv sena stand.
he said the senas demand for loan waiver to farmers in the state is nothing but an escape route to avoid quitting the over two-year-old dispensation.
i dont think fadnavis will have a problem in announcing sops for farmers to keep his government stable, the ncp chief said.
pawar said he had predicted two years ago that the sena-bjp alliance will hit a rough patch during the mumbai civic polls and we are facing a similar situation now.
he said the ncp has a limited presence in mumbai and hence will not benefit from the sena-bjp fight in the state capital.
ncp support is mostly among farmers, rural masses and marathi-speaking people.
in mumbai, the marathi space is already with the shiv sena.
we need more time to create a space for ourself in the city, he added.
b'shekhubai, 65, joined others from her village warkheda on the march.
en route, her slippers broke and she had to get her feet bandaged.
(express photo by amit chakravarty) shekhubai, 65, joined others from her village warkheda on the march.
en route, her slippers broke and she had to get her feet bandaged.
(express photo by amit chakravarty)poatat bhukechi roz kaau-kaau rejungle cha raja haay tujha naav(thats the daily rumble of hunger in your bellyand youre called the king of the jungle.
)alka dilip mali, 36, breaks into a song to explain why she and 50-60 other residents of pachewad vasti in nashiks chandwad taluka walked nearly 200 km to mumbai last week.
all the women in this hamlet have tales to tell of the six-day long march  of saris that turned a deep black with soot and cement dust, of broken chappals, of blistered feet and pus-filled corns and calluses, of cellphones that died and left them without even a brief conversation with the children back home.
so its natural that alkas song is both a paean and an elegy, in equal measures a doff of their red communist party of india (marxist) caps to one anothers hardiness and a sombre acceptance of their continuing struggle.
thats also why just days since returning from mumbai after what was declared a historic victory, tribal communities like the 70 or 80 families of pachewad vasti have begun to discuss the road ahead.
ladies congregated at the party office in dindori, nasik district.
(express photo/amit chakravarty) ladies congregated at the party office in dindori, nasik district.
(express photo/amit chakravarty)called by the cpi (m)-affiliated all india kisan sabha, the march to mumbai demanded action on, and received assurances on, a wide range of agrarian issues, from a more extensive crop loan waiver to an overhaul of river-linking projects.
but 90 per cent of those who participated in the march were tribals, almost all of them landless, and therefore holding no crop loans.
their demand was implementation of the forest rights act, 2006, and specifically that they be given individual land titles or pattas for forest land they have cultivated for decades.
hanumant dada gunja and his family at pachewadvasti nasik district.
(express photo/amit chakravarty) hanumant dada gunja and his family at pachewadvasti nasik district.
(express photo/amit chakravarty)maharashtras overall implementation of this law  enacted in 2006 to accord forest-dwelling communities legal rights over forest produce that has traditionally been a source of their livelihood, and a legal title for the land they live on and till  is leaps and bounds ahead of other states.
however, there are wide disparities in implementing the law, and lakhs of tribals have waited years for the process of measuring their land and verifying their claims to be completed.
now, as they prepare to seek updates on their applications for the land titles, those who returned jubilant from mumbai are at pains to point out that ownership of land is only a means to an end.
if we get patta, we can dig wells without fear that the boring machine will be seized by forest officers.
we can take loans to invest in modern farming techniques, we can build water-storage structures that will help us all year-round, says hanumant gunja, 39.
shantaram jhople and wife own 10 acres, but the output and quality of produce are poor (express photo by amit chakravarty) shantaram jhople and wife own 10 acres, but the output and quality of produce are poor (express photo by amit chakravarty)if they manage to undertake farming through the year, they would be less nomadic, and could become beneficiaries of various government schemes for farmers.
but for now, 12 years since the law was enacted, pachewad vastis men and women spend two to three months of the year in niphad, about 25 km away.
some find work harvesting the summer onion crop, others work as labourers on construction sites or at the agriculture markets, loading and unloading farm produce.
just when the childrens exams are coming up, we go off for months, leaving them in the care of others, says ganpat gunja, hanumants brother.
the lucky ones are paid rs 150 a day.
others have to earn their pay by tonnage  for example, rs 60 for sealing and loading on to a truck ten 10-kg gunny bags of onion.
that money is saved up painstakingly and re-invested in farming, but theirs is a hardscrabble cycle of despair.
three years ago, when a hailstorm and heavy rains uprooted a gnarled old tree in pachewad vasti, the forest department sent men and machinery to chop up the large blocks of wood and cart them away.
the hailstorm damaged our homes, some roofs were blown away, our crop was destroyed, but officials did not even register our losses  its as if we and our world do not exist, says hanumant.
barely a couple of hundred metres behind their mud homes is the unyielding rock face of the satmala hills, a sheer climb to a series of historical forts.
vegetation is sparse, but there is a perennial mountain stream that ends in an eight-foot-wide pond.
this, and a private land owners well, are the only sources of water.
the march to mumbai was organised by cpi(m)-affiliated all india kisan sabha (express photo by amit chakravarty) the march to mumbai was organised by cpi(m)-affiliated all india kisan sabha (express photo by amit chakravarty)there is a twin-seat toilet block built under the swachh bharat abhiyan, but it has no water.
the nearest school is a 2.
5-km walk away, past a river that floods during the monsoons and keeps the children home.
pachewad vastis 60 plot-claimants under the fra have planted onion seeds, jowar, nagli, even some coconut trees, but everybodys looking for work to make ends meet.
sixty kilometres to the north-east of pachewad vasti is dindori talukas phopsi, another 100 per cent adivasi village.
here, every morning, men climb aboard seven to eight crammed vehicles that ferry them to nearby towns and larger villages where labourers are needed.
families here have up to 10 acres each of forest land for farming, but its a measly crop, always sub par in terms of output and in quality of produce.
here, mirabai and baburao hire have some jowar on the field that baburao is doggedly protecting from birds, but annual profit from their 10 acres has been less than rs 10,000 for years now, worse in the drought years.
in their sixties, the hires still labour on others farms.
last week, as baburao stayed back to look after the grandchildren, mirabai joined the kisan long march.
she still has in a cloth pouch she wears on her hip the paracetamol tablets handed out by doctors in mumbai when she took ill.
my elder son is a labourer in nashik.
his wife works in peoples homes.
my younger son studied till class 12, and now hes a farm labourer here.
if we get land in our name, we could get a loan and try to make a living as a family together, with better investment in the farm, she says.
that would be a more dignified life.
***anita kuwar (37) and her father from phopsi village.
her father had a cataract surgery, and the process of having him hospitalised and cared for, while their farm land lay neglected, has set them back by several months.
(express photo/amit chakravarty) anita kuwar (37) and her father from phopsi village.
her father had a cataract surgery, and the process of having him hospitalised and cared for, while their farm land lay neglected, has set them back by several months.
(express photo/amit chakravarty)seen through the prism of urban environmentalism, these communities demanding forest land for cultivation are imagined as encroachers, people who clear thickly forested areas and cause widespread denudation.
but in the worldview of maharashtras katkaris, mahadev kolis, gonds and bhils, this deforested land is their aai or mother.
their methods of cultivation are largely devoid of chemical fertilisers; they draw out no ground water.
in these largely impoverished villages and hamlets, there is little or no mechanisation in farming.
ask how their crop survives without irrigation, and they point a finger skyward and say, nisargawar, that it is left to nature.
they talk candidly of their own disturbance of the forest ecosystem, and say their occupation of these lands is neither for pleasure nor wealth, but for subsistence.
maharashtras forest cultivators struggles date back to pre-independence when land was demarcated for timber plantation.
in the 1970s, activists with organisations such as the bhumi sena and the kashtakari sanghatana mobilised tens of thousands of members of these communities, seeking that forest-dwelling people be given legal rights over the land they lived on and tilled.
by this time, the idea of a satyagraha or occupation of such lands was also beginning.
dattatray thormishe, 63, is among 130 farmers whose application for individual land titles under fra has been pending for about five years (express photo by amit chakravarty) dattatray thormishe, 63, is among 130 farmers whose application for individual land titles under fra has been pending for about five years (express photo by amit chakravarty)these struggles were central to the countrywide agitations before the forest rights act was passed and perhaps also contributed to maharashtras relatively superior performance in implementation.
a 2017 report by the non-profit community forest rights-learning and advocacy group says that across india, only 3 per cent of the minimum potential of community forest rights (cfr) had been achieved in the 10 years since the enactment of the law.
(minimum cfr potential is forest land within a villages revenue boundaries and therefore immediately recognisable.
the minimum potential achieved is the extent of this land that is transferred to forest-dwellers.
)at 18 per cent of total potential for cfr achieved, maharashtras performance is better than that of all other states, but implementation has been patchy  as many as 21 districts showed zero implementation.
***in warkheda village of dindori taluka, about 50 km from nashik city, shekhubai pandharinath wagle, 65, lives alone in a single-room structure built on the land she tills.
there is no source of irrigation nor money to buy water.
her husband died many years ago.
her only daughter is married and lives elsewhere in the district.
shekhubai is myopic, and has never been in the best of health since having to live alone.
the income from the one acre of forest land she tills has dwindled to a few thousand rupees every season.
by the third day of the farmers march, as temperatures neared 40 degrees celsius, shekhubai was feverish and nauseous from the heat and hunger, and angry blisters ripped open her underfoot.
(express photo/amit chakravarty) by the third day of the farmers march, as temperatures neared 40 degrees celsius, shekhubai was feverish and nauseous from the heat and hunger, and angry blisters ripped open her underfoot.
(express photo/amit chakravarty)but she didnt hesitate when people in warkheda came to a loose consensus that every family would send someone to mumbai on the long march.
en route, when her slippers broke, she continued barefoot.
by the third day, as temperatures neared 40 degrees celsius, she was feverish and nauseous from the heat and hunger, and angry blisters ripped open her underfoot.
i called mla gavit (jiva pandu gavit, the cpi-ms seven-time mla from nashiks kalwan constituency) and told him about her condition.
he sent an ambulance to where we were, says sindhubai gaikwad, 55, former sarpanch of warkheda who participated in the march.
villagers of pachewad vasti sing songs of their struggle to explain why they marched to mumbai last week (express photo by amit chakravarty) villagers of pachewad vasti sing songs of their struggle to explain why they marched to mumbai last week (express photo by amit chakravarty)sindhubai sat with shekhubai in the ambulance, where the latters feet were bandaged, as dozens of other villagers were handed out paracetamol tablets.
after some time, we continued.
she walked with the bandages.
a few hours later, she had to sit down again.
we slowed down, but nothing was going to stop us, says sindhubai, who put her sons through school with their forest-cultivation income supplemented by daily wages as farm labour.
they had set out with one single meal  bhakri and chatni  wrapped in a muslin cloth.
also in the cloth bags they carried on their heads was one change of clothes and a plastic water bottle, that they would refill wherever possible.
back home, residents huddled around the few tv sets, watching news round the clock, looking intently at faces in the crowd, hoping to catch a familiar face on camera.
kusum asavale, 42, was among those who stayed back to watch over the children.
her 24-year-old son was in the march, and his cellphone battery drained on the very first night out, and that was the last she heard from him through the next five days, her stomach knotting tightly as news channels began to bring images of protesters with injuries, heat stroke and exhaustion.
at 65, why did shekhubai not choose to stay back?
potasathi, is all she says.
i went for my stomach.
warkhedas 200-odd forest land cultivators have all submitted to the gram sabha their applications for individual land titles, as prescribed by the act.
the gram sabha had passed a resolution, giving its nod, and applications had been forwarded to the next level, the sub-divisional level committee (sdlc).
nearly 70 claimants received land titles, while the others, among them dattatray thormishe, have not heard from the sdlc for at least five years now.
the 63-year-old keeps his forest claim documents at the ready, including a primary offence report by the forest department accusing him of encroaching upon the land, and a conviction order dating back to the 1990s by a local court, that had sentenced him to two days simple imprisonment and a penalty of rs 50.
thormishe says almost everyone of warkhedas forest land claimants has evidence showing they have been tilling this land since pre-2005, an essential requirement under the act to be able to claim land.
the gram sabha nod came expeditiously.
its been stuck since then, he says.
geetanjoy sahu, assistant professor at the tata institute of social sciences and one of the authors of the cfr-la report, says delay by the sdlc in processing claims is a common complaint.
while the law prescribes a 60-day period during which appeals have to be filed against orders of the gram sabha or the sdlc, the law has neglected to provide a time-frame during which these applications or appeals must be processed and disposed of.
so appeals remain pending, sometimes for years.
***across maharashtras tribal districts, the protesters try to explain that their demand for patta is deeply connected to their lives.
in phopsi, anita kuwars son dropped out after class 9 a few years ago.
it was a difficult time for his divorced mother, and he decided to do odd jobs to help.
he is now a labourer, his education over for good.
anita herself studied till class 5 in a tribal ashramshala, and now works with the cpi(m), besides tilling her 10 acres.
but theres never any money for doctors, nutrition.
and if we fall sick, we have to go hungry unless theres somebody else earning as a daily wager, she says.
baburao hire and his wife mirabai grow jowar, but make an annual profit of less than rs 10,000 on their 10 acres (express photo by amit chakravarty) baburao hire and his wife mirabai grow jowar, but make an annual profit of less than rs 10,000 on their 10 acres (express photo by amit chakravarty)her father had a cataract surgery, and the process of having him hospitalised and cared for, while their farm land lay neglected, has set them back by several months.
above all, more humiliating than anything, as a woman in chandwads rasewadi hamlet says, there is the fear of eviction.
the 60-odd families of rasewadi live in shanty-like structures built on forest land; they do no farming here.
they are members of a nomadic community who have traditionally lived on landed farmers fields, where they worked in return for an annual payment.
they arrived in rasewadi in the 1980 and 1990s  either after being evicted over differences with their landlords or joining movements to occupy lands.
almost every family here reports having paid money to continue living on this patch of barren forest land with no road or access to a water source.
but we have never got a receipt.
and even today, if we are caught bringing firewood from the hills, we are dragged off in a vehicle, says ujjwala waghmare, 40.
we have job cards but no work under mgnrega, we have no land, no water.
its as if the entire land satyagraha was a waste.
thats why she went to mumbai.
parat ek satyagraha.
one more satyagraha.
***the law, and tribal rightsthe forest rights act of 2006, officially the scheduled tribes and other traditional forest dwellers (recognition of forest rights) act, is a legislation that came after a sustained, decades-long struggle by forest-dwelling communities to be accorded legal rights and titles to the land they had been tilling.
* the law grants such communities individual forest rights (ifr), or land under individual or common occupation for habitation or for self-cultivation for livelihood.
* it also grants them other community forest rights (cfr) to ensure their control over forest resources.
this means these communities are legally vested with the right to access, collect, use and dispose of minor forest produce including, for example, tendu leaves or bamboo.
the gram sabhas consent is mandatory, for instance, even if forest land needs to be diverted for public projects.
the law allows such communities to divert a limited amount of forest land for community development  construction of schools, hospitals, anganwadis, tanks, irrigation canals, etc.
who can lay claimonly those who have been cultivating land prior to december 13, 2005.
those primarily residing in forests or forest lands, and those who depend on forests and forest land for a livelihood.
the applicant also has to prove that she is an other traditional forest dweller; or a forest dwelling scheduled tribe, that is, a member of a scheduled tribe who resides in the area where they are scheduled.
how claims are made* claims are made to the gram sabha, which verifies them and prepares a map delineating the area of each claim.
* gram sabha passes resolution and forwards copy to sub-divisional level committee (sdlc), which forwards its recommendation to district level committee (dlc).
* those aggrieved by the resolution of the gram sabha or sdlc may appeal to the dlc.
those aggrieved by the dlcs order may approach the high court.
leader of opposition dhananjay munde of ncp.
leader of opposition dhananjay munde of ncp.
the opposition today asked the bjp -led government in maharashtra to take a cue from the party-headed administration in uttar pradesh and announce a farm loan waiver in the state.
congress and ncp members vociferously raised the farm loan waiver issue in the legislative council and stalled proceedings as they accused the devendrafadnavis government of dragging its feet on the matter.
raising the issue, leader of opposition dhananjay munde of ncp said the bjp-led government in uttar pradesh has announced a loan waiver scheme for farmers, but the same party in maharashtra is hesitating to follow suit.
referring to the bjp jibe at opposition leaders travelling by ac buses during the just concluded `sangharsh yatra, munde said similar vehicles were used by members of the saffron party when they took out their yatra.
as the opposition members entered into the well of the house and raised slogans, deputy chairman manikrao thakre adjourned the proceedings for the day after tabling papers.
earlier, as the house assembled for the day, sunil tatkare (ncp) moved an adjournment motion and referred to the decision taken by the yogi adityanath government yesterday.
the up government is facing financial crunch yet it announced a loan waiver.
the up government says it will float bonds to raise the money.
why cant we do something similar, he questioned.
tatkare said the government had money to waive off debts of industrialists but not farmers.
neelam gorhe (shiv sena) said chief minister yogi adityanath did not resort to announcing sops but came out with a loan waiver.
in the assembly bjp member prashant bumb said there was no need for a loan waiver in maharashtra.
she wanted the government to announce a loan waiver in the ongoing budget session.
leader of the house and minister for cooperation chandrakant patil said fadnavis has asked the officials to study how up was going about with the debt waiver.
besides this, directions have been issued to examine the madras high court ruling asking the tamil nadu government to write off debt of farmers, he said.
patil said in order to improve the economic status of cultivators, the state government has allocated rs 25,000 crore for agriculture development.
the government has earmarked another rs 12,000 crore in the budget for various schemes for agriculturists, he said.
as the opposition members continued to raise slogans, council chairman ramraje naik-nimbalkar adjourned the proceedings for 15 minutes.
the house was adjourned for another 30 minutes later.
as the din continued, thakre adjourned the proceedings for the day.
maharashtra: swacch bharat mission is driven by chief minister devendrafadnavis who also holds the portfolio of urban development.
(source: file photo) maharashtra: swacch bharat mission is driven by chief minister devendrafadnavis who also holds the portfolio of urban development.
(source: file photo)maharashtra has taken the lead in the swachh bharat mission.
of the ten top districts rated best under the project, five districts are from maharashtra  sindhudurg, satara, kolhapur, ratnagiri and thane.
sindhudurg (96.
8) ranked as number one for cleanliness in the country.
it was followed by satara (92.
9) which bagged third place; kolhapur (91.
6) placed fifth; ratnagiri (90.
9) at eight and thane (88.
7) ninth.
the mission is driven by chief minister devendrafadnavis who also holds the portfolio of urban development.
in the successive meetings in the state, he had set tough targets to be accomplished to make the state a leader in swachh bharat mission.
fadnavis has tied the cleanliness drive to health mission.
another project under the cleanliness drive relates to making maharashtra plastic free by 2017-18.
under swachh maharashtra, the government has taken up multiple projects, all interlinked, to bring better results.
the open defecation free (odf) is a project pursued aggressively across districts.
so far, 50 towns in the state have become odf.
making entire state odf by 2017 is the target.
maharastras new campaign against open defecation, darwaza band, was launched on tuesday at the yashwantrao chavan auditorium.
part of the swachh bharat mission, the campaign is aimed at eradicating open defecation across the state.
in that period, he said, 40.
51 lakh toilets were constructed in the state, out of which 21,17,670 were constructed in the past one year.
the event also had superstar amitabh bachchan, the brand ambassador for swachh bharat, in attendance.
fadnavis stated that cleanliness across the state had increased by more than 35 per cent in the past three years.
even though maharashtra is home to 10 percent of indias population, maharashtras gram panchayats make up for 18 per cent of the total open-defecation-free panchayats in the country, said fadnavis.
i have gone to many districts myself, especially the ones that are left behind.
these districts are our main focus, and we hope that by 2018, all of them are categorised as open-defecation free, said fadnavis.
as many as 200 out of 250 cities in maharashtra have been declared open defecation free, the cm said.
we hope that by october 2, 2017, we will be able to announce urban maharashtra an open-defecation-free zone.
following that, in march 2018, we hope the entire state can claim the title, making it the largest state to do so, said fadnavis.
in every district or taluka that i go, i may not inspect the roads but i inspect the toilets, in order to point out the importance of sanitation.
i hope the toilets built recently are utilised by all members of the family, and are duly maintained, said fadnavis.
a day after shiv sena whittled down bjps demand to contest 114 seats out of total 227 for bmc polls to mere 60, its chief uddhav thackeray today refused to open his cards on the prospects of the tie-up.
however, senas latest offer has left bjp livid with its poll managers seeing it as a putdown to the party.
while thackeray said the final decision will be taken after his discussions with chief minister devendrafadnavis , senior shiv sena leader sanjay raut rubbed it in further saying, 60 seats to bjp in civic polls is more than enough.
watch what else is making newsin the 2012 brihanmumbai municipal corporation polls, sena had contested 158 seats and won 75, whereas the bjp won 32 out of 69 seats it had fought.
a senior bjp leader tonight virtually ruled out the possibility of fadnavis talking to thackeray.
the talks are almost enough and over.
no yuti (alliance) will happen now.
ravindra mirlekar is the person who does not want the yuti to happen.
he will be the shiplakar (architect) of the break up of the alliance, the leader said.
mirlekar is one of the sena interlocutors holding talks with bjp leaders on forging the electoral understanding.
however, bjps city unit chief ashish shelar said the party is still optimistic about the alliance with sena and the final decision will be taken by fadnvais and the state unit president raosaheb danve.
he was speaking to reporters after a review meeting on the poll preparations was held at the chief ministers official residence varsha here tonight.
bmc is going to polls on february 21 along with nine other civic bodies across maharashtra.
the party leaders took stock of the poll preparedness and also discussed the points to be included in the election manifesto of bjp, he said.
shelar said, the meeting finalised the points of bringing transparency in bmc administration as is being expected by the people of mumbai.
we also apprised fadnavis about details of meetings held with shiv sena leaders.
on senas offer of 60 seats to bjp, he said, the so-called generous offer of 60 seats is an insult to bjp and our growing strength.
bjp leaders have expressed their extreme displeasure over such offer, he said, adding the final decision will be taken by fadnavis and thackeray.
earlier in the day, thackeray said, discussions are still going on.
exact proposal is yet to be received.
once we (he and devendra fadnavis) get the proposals from our leaders, we will decide on how to go ahead with it.
there is no communication yet from the bjp leadership.
talks between sena and bjp  the ruling allies at the cash-rich bmc  are stuck with bjp demanding higher number of seats to contest given its growing clout in mumbai, which sena considers its bastion.
earlier this week, on may 2, fadnavis had directed officials concerned to complete the procurement of tur in the next five to six days.
(representational) earlier this week, on may 2, fadnavis had directed officials concerned to complete the procurement of tur in the next five to six days.
(representational)senior congress leader prithviraj chavan has urged prime minister narendra modi to immediately recall two maharashtra ministers, who are on a junket as part of a legislative delegation visiting australia, singapore and new zealand, in the backdrop of protests across the state over tur dal procurement.
tur farmers in maharashtra are facing a crisis due to a bumper production of the commodity and resultant low prices.
in a letter to modi dated may 4, chavan said that after pms appeal for increasing pulses production, farmers from the state responded with a record production of tur dal.
sadly, the government procurement system has badly let them down, the former maharashtra chief minister rued.
tur producing farmers are agitating for procurement at msp (minimum support price) throughout the marathwada and vidarbha regions in the state and the number of farmer suicides is rising, he wrote.
chavan said that instead of personally attending to this crisis, agriculture minister along with the food and public distribution minister in the state have gone abroad as part of a legislative delegation led by the speaker to australia, singapore and new zealand.
it is appalling that these two ministers directly responsible for handling the current farm crisis have gone on a 15-day junket along with their family.
the timing could not be worse.
farmers in the state are shocked, chavan charged.
the former cm said, i am sure you are aware that as per rules of business, specific sanctions from the chief minister and the pmo is mandatory before any minister of the state government is permitted to travel abroad.
surely, these two ministers have obtained prior permission before leaving.
he said, i request you to ask the chief minister to immediately recall these two ministers back to their duty.
the legislative delegation led by the speaker can continue on their visit.
i am sure you will appreciate the seriousness of the matter and take appropriate steps.
chavan posted this letter on his twitter handle and tagged chief minister devendrafadnavis in it.
agriculture minister pandurang phundkar, food and civil supplies minister girish bapat are part of the delegation led by assembly speaker haribhau bagde.
legislators cutting across party lines are part of the tour, which is part of the commonwealth parliamentary association.
half of the tour cost is borne by the members and the remaining by the commonwealth parliamentary association.
earlier this week, on may 2, fadnavis had directed officials concerned to complete the procurement of tur in the next five to six days.
he had asked officials to work in two shifts and complete the procurement of tur on war footing.
also, the state government has decided to call for a global tender to auction tur.
till april 22, 40 lakh quintal tur worth rs 1839 crore was procured by maharashtra at rs 5050, including bonus of rs 425, from 2,58,341 farmers.
a farm labourer at a polyhouse in mumbai.
(express photo) a farm labourer at a polyhouse in mumbai.
(express photo)the state government is taking steps, including use of emerging technology, to increase the income of agriculture labourers under its project to double farm production and income of farmers by 2022.
of the total 52 per cent rural population working in the agriculture sector in maharashtra, 25 per cent are cultivators and 27 per cent agricultural labourers, and the state government believes doubling the income and production cannot become a reality unless the concerns of agricultural labourers are addressed.
a source said, almost 75 to 80 per cent of agricultural labourers come under the category of small and marginal farmers with land holding of less than two hectares, who often scout for alternative farm activities facing financial burden and crop losses.
the government has decided to work on a district-wise micro module to increase the income of the 27 per cent farm labourers.
among the measures includes providing them economically feasible agriculture and allied activities to bring them sustained livelihood.
agriculture labourers with small land holdings would be brought under cluster farming along with giving them financial aid.
the group farming model, complete with market tie-ups, is being considered to reduce expenditure and increase returns, sources said.
according to the state agriculture census, almost 78.
6 per cent of the 1.
37 crore farmers have an operational land holding less than two hectares.
therefore, it was felt that agriculture reforms for double production and income can be attained only if agri-labourers concerns are addressed.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , during his tour to canada and the us, dwelt at length on application of emerging advanced technology to bring greater precision in farming.
fadnavis said that along with states financial support, artificial intelligence in agriculture would be specially devised to help small and marginal farm labourers.
according to a source in the agriculture department, the per household annual income of a farmer works to rs 91,501 (100 per cent).
the income from farming is rs 46,385 (51 per cent); livestock rs 9,308 (10 per cent), non-farm business rs 10,044 (11 per cent); wages/ salaries rs 25,764 (28 per cent).
considering the challenges, the state government is focusing on key parameters such as adopting new agri-technology to improve productivity, enhancing use of resources and bringing down cost of production, stressing on intense cropping and crop diversification.
a source in the ministry of water resources said, unlike states like uttar pradesh, bihar and punjab where water is surplus and irrigation is 68 to 98 per cent, maharashtras 40 per cent area is under rain shadow.
this means the government will have to optimise its limited resources and geographical areas to attain the target of double production and income with an average irrigation potential not exceeding 27 per cent.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday condoled the killing of a jawan of the special force that conducts anti-naxal operations, in a landmine attack by maoists in gadchiroli district.
saddened and pained to know about the land mine blast near bhamragad in gadchiroli in which one jawan from special c-60 force got martyred, fadnavis said in a tweet.
my deepest condolences to the family of brave jawan suresh linga telaami.
wishing speedy recovery to the injured soldiers, he tweeted.
state government firmly stands with their family.
all required help and support will be provided, the cm said.
last evening, a mine protected vehicle of the c-60 commandos came under a landmine attack near bhamragad in gadchiroli when a patrol party of the c-60 commandos was crossing the area.
one jawan died and 11 security officials were injured.
nationalist congress party leader ajit pawar nationalist congress party leader ajit pawarnationalist congress party (ncp) leader ajit pawar wednesday flagged off his partys poll campaign for the mumbai municipality election.
at a party rally in the city, the former deputy chief minister launched a scathing attack against the ruling shiv sena-bjp government and indicated that his partys election pitch would focus on corruption in the municipality and the maladministration of the ruling regime.
one had never heard of attacks against cops when rr patil (former ncp mla) was the home minister, but such things are happening now as the bjp is sheltering goons, pawar said, in a veiled dig at chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio.
the cm is the face of bjps campaign for the mumbai polls.
pawar invoked the corruption card to lash out at the shiv sena, which controls the municipality.
nobody can raise corruption allegations in the functioning of the municipalities where the ncp is in power.
but in mumbai, there is a constant stench of corruption.
corruption is the reason for the repeated pocket fires at deonar dumping ground.
the middle class is disenchanted with the municipality.
there are potholes everywhere, traffic is worrisome, he said.
he also harped on the uneasy ties between the shiv sena and the bjp.
the shiv sena leaders label the bjp as the nizams government, but continue to share power with them.
the city is already the fifth densest in the world, according to a recent report by the united states-based demographia, which points out that an average of 25,984 people share 1 square kilometre in mumbai.
express photo by ashish shankar mumbai, 20/01/2008 the city is already the fifth densest in the world, according to a recent report by the united states-based demographia, which points out that an average of 25,984 people share 1 square kilometre in mumbai.
express photo by ashish shankar mumbai, 20/01/2008builders will get additional construction rights for redevelopment of low-rise slums and old buildings in the suburbs of mumbai with the devendrafadnavis government set to introduce the policy for cluster redevelopment in these parts.
but a study, commissioned by the mumbai municipality, to assess the moves impact, has cautioned that the extension of the cluster redevelopment model to the suburbs will further densify the city and may impact its overall liveability index.
the city is already the fifth densest in the world, according to a recent report by the united states-based demographia, which points out that an average of 25,984 people share 1 square kilometre in mumbai.
the cluster redevelopment model, also known as the urban renewal scheme (urs), involves reconstruction or redevelopment of buildings on extensive areas using an incentive floor space index (fsi) model.
the fsi is a development tool that defines the extent of construction permissible on a plot.
it is a ratio of built-up area to total plot area.
the congress-nationalist congress party (ncp) government had introduced the model for the revival of old and dilapidated cessed structures in the island city of mumbai in 2009.
in 2013, the government incentivised the policy, providing developers 4 fsi.
the plan to extend a similar model to the suburbs and satellite towns was first attempted by the previous government ahead of the assembly polls in 2014.
but the bombay high court had then prohibited it from implementing the plan in these areas without a detailed study on its ramifications.
on friday, after the hc finally lifted the stay, chief minister devendrafadnavis indicated that his government intends to roll out the model for the suburbs.
this will pave way for planned development with availability of more public amenities.
buildings over 30 years will be covered in the scheme.
a cluster scheme can have up to 50 per cent slum area, he said.
the cm added that his government will soon issue a notification for implementing the model in these parts.
in january 2016, the mumbai municipality, acting on fadnaviss directives, ordered an impact assessment study for the measure.
the national environment engineering research institute (neeri), a premier research organisation, was appointed for the task.
the findings were submitted to the government last september.
while fadnavis said that the hc had taken the assessment study into account while passing the order, the report has also cautioned that mumbais urban gridlock might worsen after implementation of the model in the suburbs.
the suburbs of mumbai do not fit in the classical model of suburbs and are fairly dense habitations.
the additional fsi and the mode of its application (under urs) mean that the urs areas will increase in density.
there is a considerable debate on the impact of densification and overcrowding on the social and mental life, the report reads.
pointing out that the current fsi levels in the suburbs ranged from 1.
33 to 2, the report has indicated that incentive fsi under urs may lead to significant verticalisation.
it further cautions that high incentives given for the urs may encourage a trend to abolish repairs as a possibility and encourage demolition of existing constructions, regardless of their age and structural condition.
additionally, the scale of new construction has implications for affordability of housing and rental prices in proximate areas.
thus it can affect the liveability of the city and may lead to long term unsustainability.
while the fadnavis government had initially planned to replicate the model in the island city (offering 4 fsi to builders), sources said the fsi will now be capped at 3 on the basis of neeris findings.
also, the minimum size of a cluster for suburbs will be 6,000 square metre, said sources.
incidentally, the neeri report has also recommended lowering of fsi incentives to builders.
it has asked the government to ensure that the new occupancy in the additional living space is restricted to 40 per cent.
it has further suggested that the government should moderate the process for identifying and defining a cluster.
modalities of the loan waiver, announced first after a marathon meeting which ended in the wee hours of june 3, are being worked out, fadnavis said.
modalities of the loan waiver, announced first after a marathon meeting which ended in the wee hours of june 3, are being worked out, fadnavis said.
affirming that the maharashtra government will come out with a loan waiver for farmers before october 31, chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday alleged that some political leaders are milking the ongoing agitation.
as many as 1.
07 crore farmers with less than five-acre land holding would be eligible for the waiver.
asserting that a majority of the agri markets were open yesterday, fadnavis said it was workers of political parties and not farmers who indulged in violence and road blockades.
before october 31, the distressed farmers who need help will be given a loan waiver.
the modalities are being worked out and i can say with conviction that this will be the biggest loan waiver in maharashtras history, fadnavis told reporters after a meeting on urban development with union minister venkaiah naidu here.
naidu, meanwhile, reiterated the centres stand that states should announce loan waivers as per their fiscal situation.
fadnavis inherited a weak fiscal situation and the agrarian distress, and hence the opposition congress-ncp cannot blame him for the same, naidu added.
fadnavis said 300 of the states 307 agricultural produce market committees (apmcs) were operational yesterday, four had weekly-off, while three were shut due to the ongoing agitation.
transactions were at 85 per cent of the normal levels.
the chief minister said he has compiled a list of all the incidents which were reported across the state such as road blockades, and asserted that all these were carried out by political activists hiding behind farmers to capitalise on the situation.
modalities of the loan waiver, announced first after a marathon meeting which ended in the wee hours of june 3, are being worked out, fadnavis said, and invited suggestions from all stakeholders.
fadnavis, however, ruled out speaking with those seeking to make political gains and said he would talk only with true farmer leaders.
even as some government officials had estimated that the waiver will make a rs 30,000-crore hole, maharashtras finance minister sudhir mungantiwar today refused to divulge the financial details, but said the state is committed to helping the farmers.
he said that as many as 1.
07 crore farmers with less than five acre land holding would be eligible for the waiver.
mungantiwar said the government is looking to cover the burden through an additional rs 10,000 crore mobilisation through non-tax revenues, 14 per cent growth in gsdp expected during the fiscal and also savings on expenses.
the cost of the waiver is a necessity given the plight of the farmers and also the number of people dependent on agriculture, he said, adding over 2.
5 crore people are engaged in farming at present.
the farmers protest has rocked various parts of the state since the beginning of the month.
the bjp-led governments allies shiv sena and swabhimani shetkari sangathana are supporting the agitation.
shiv sena today warned bjp that if the government did not cede to the farmers demands, the lava of farmers pain will create a havoc.
the government was considering suspension of internet services in nashik (where the agitation is particularly intense), an editorial in sena mouthpiece saamana said, asking if it compares nashik with restive kashmir and protesting farmers with the anti-nationals who throw stones at the army.
it added that the sena will continue to support the strike till the end.
as the farmers strike entered the sixth day today, prices of vegetables shot up in various markets due to short supply.
farmers are on the warpath since june 1 for demands including loan waiver and higher minimum support prices.
advertisingthe state government has spent rs 24,000 crore over the farm loan waiver, which was rolled out in june 2017.
while fadnavis said that 50 lakh farmers had availed the benefit of the scheme so far, he also announced a fresh plan to include all those marginal farmers, who were found ineligible for the benefit for technical reasons, under its ambit.
the government has been writing off outstanding farm loans payable by marginal farmers till june 30, 2016.
on thursday, fadnavis said, at least 24,000 crore has been spent under the scheme.
of the 50 lakh farmer beneficiaries, the money in this regard has been distributed for 43.
32 lakh accounts, while it will soon be disbursed for the remaining accounts.
contending that 85 per cent of farmers in the state had been covered under the scheme, fadnavis discussed the plan to expand the schemes ambit.
details of the number of additional beneficiaries and the burden on the state exchequer are still being worked out.
but an initial estimate is that this could cost another rs 8,000 crore, he said.
advertisingearlier on tuesday, while presenting the budget for 2019-20, finance minister sudhir mungantiwar had first hinted at plans to expand the ambit of the scheme.
citing the successive drought spells over the past two years, the opposition on thursday continued to press for a new farm debt waiver package.
agrarian distress has been on the rise in maharashtra with severe drought conditions ravaging both kharif and rabi cultivation.
vouching for water and soil conservation works carried out under the governments flagship jalyukt shivar initiative, fadnavis said the states dependence on rain-fed irrigation had decreased due to increase of assured irrigation owing to the implementation of the project.
he also said the watershed management works carried out under the initiative had helped reduce the severity of drought.
at least 18,000 villages have benefited so far from the initiative, he added.
fadnavis made the announcement during his reply to the governors speech.
athawale also demanded the arrest of hindutva leader sambhaji bhide.
(express photo by janak rathod) athawale also demanded the arrest of hindutva leader sambhaji bhide.
(express photo by janak rathod)union minister ramdas athawale on friday met the family members of puja sakat, a 19-year-old dalit girl from koregaon bhima whose death had triggered a controversy.
puja was found dead inside a well near her residence on april 22.
her family and some organisations, including the bhima koregaon shauryadin prerna abhiyan, claimed that she was murdered.
however, police have been treating pujas death as a suicide.
they have arrested two of pujas former neighbours and booked seven others on charges of abetting her suicide.
the dalit leader later told mediapersons he has asked police officials to conduct a proper investigation and arrest those responsible for her death.
i have also asked police to arrest those who attacked and set the sakats house on fire attempts are on to rehabilitate the sakat family in pune city area, said athawale.
the familys house, on the pune-ahmednagar highway, had been burnt by a mob on january 2, a day after the area witnessed widespread violence when lakhs of people assembled for the 200th anniversary of the battle of bhima koregaon.
puja and her brother jaideep, who witnessed the burning, approached the police station the same day to register a complaint.
police recorded the brothers statement, in which he had identified five people amidst a mob of about 150.
pujas family said some persons wanted them to leave their house in koregaon bhima.
so, a day after the clashes, they attacked the sakats house.
five months have passed but police have still not arrested those involved in the incident.
the sakat family also said that puja was receiving threat calls.
it should be probed whether she committed suicide because of the threats or was murdered due to the land dispute, said athawale, the national president of the republican party of india (a).
pujas father, suresh sakat, had expressed suspicion that his daughter had been murdered, but had blamed his former neighbours, with whom he had an ongoing land dispute, for her death.
police have lodged a case of abetting suicide and arrested two persons so far.
but seven others named as accused in the case are still at large and are seeking anticipatory bail i have spoken to the superintendent of pune rural police about carrying out a proper investigation, said the union minister.
puja went missing from her house in wada gaothan area of koregaon bhima on april 21.
the next morning, her father suresh found her body inside a nearby well.
the post-mortem of her body, conducted at sassoon hospital, termed it a case of death due to drowning.
pujas family as well as police had told the indian express that she was not a witness in any of the cases related to the clashes in koregaon bhima.
athawale also demanded the arrest of hindutva leader sambhaji bhide who, along with milind ekbote, was booked on charges of orchestrating the violence in koregaon bhima.
while ekbote was arrested and later released on bail, police have said they dont have enough evidence to arrest bhide.
i had a meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis and he said there was no evidence of bhides involvement in the clashes.
but nobody is above the law.
sambhaji bhide should be detained and questioned by police and action should be taken if he is involved, said athavale.
athawale also said his party was organising a massive conference at the sspms ground in pune on may 27.
we have invited prime minister narendra modi and chief minister fadnavis for the conference some persons are trying to defame me because of our alliance with the bjp.
but it will not work as people know that our party truly believes in the values of dr ambedkar who, despite having differences with pandit jawaharlal nehru, was a minister in his cabinet.
being part of a government enables us to work more effectively towards solving problems of the society, he said.
elephanta caves.
(file photo.
express) elephanta caves.
(file photo.
express)to give elephanta caves a major facelift, chief minister devendrafadnavis last week approved a rs 344.
37 crore development plan.
while the plan does not include some of the ambitious proposals considered earlier, including accommodation for visitors to stay overnight, water sports and a helipad, the unesco world heritage site would see its aesthetic value restored.
nearly two years after a detailed project report was prepared by the maharashtra tourism development corporation (mtdc), state officials said a watered down plan was underway for heritage conservation, including a rs 99.
87 crore investment from mtdc and rs 251.
50 crore to be raised through ppp.
officials added the public-private partnership (ppp) model was agreed to fund a ropeway project for the public, which would be an alternative way to reach the elephanta island besides taking a ferry.
elephanta caves see an annual footfall of nearly seven lakh visitors and are one of the must-visit places around mumbai.
it will be soon of world-class standards.
the facelift will include several amenities for the public and also use of many eco-friendly methods for toilets and dustbins, said valsa nair singh, principal secretary, tourism & culture, maharashtra government.
tourism officials added that a craft bazaar would also be set up for vendors.
there will be nature trails organised in the area.
this should become an ideal day trip destination, a senior government official said, adding the state government had set a target of six months to complete phase i of the facelift.
due to the elephanta islands proximity to the bhabha atomic research centre, a highly-protected installation, the overnight stay concept was dismissed, officials said.
the archaeological survey of india (asi) also shot down the proposal to create a helipad at the heritage site, thwarting any scope for heli-tourism in the area.
everything that was doable by the asi standards has been cleared.
the design, layout, elevation shall maintain the sanctity of heritage for existing monuments and the surrounding structures and there shall be no damage to the monument, an official said.
a new jetty would be constructed at the gateway of india, tenders for which would be floated.
it will be easier to ferry a boat to the elephanta caves.
the journey to the caves will be a better experience, said a government official.
rohit.
b'cabinet ministers from both bjp and shiv sena, including ministers of state yesterday toured 29 talukas of drought affected beed, latur and osmanabad districts.
cabinet ministers from both bjp and shiv sena, including ministers of state yesterday toured 29 talukas of drought affected beed, latur and osmanabad districts.
in a bid to provide relief to drought hit regions of maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis has declared additional funds to provide water tankers, solve electricity problems and provide education to children in rural areas.
fadnavis made the declaration after assessing the detailed reports filed by ministers touring the drought regions of the state yesterday.
cabinet ministers from both bjp and shiv sena, including ministers of state yesterday toured 29 talukas of drought affected beed, latur and osmanabad districts.
the ministers took stock of the severe water shortage plaguing the three districts and submitted a report to the chief minister last evening.
we are already providing 1799 water tankers as relief measures.
if needed, we will provide rs 15 crore to latur municipal corporation for additional tankers, fadnavis said.
in order to provide better electricity, we will provide rs 561 crore for marathwada region.
previously, the governments used to provide around rs 300-400 crore for the purpose, he said.
fadnavis said the state government is working out the modalities of providing additional monetary benefits for students.
he further said farmers in the drought-affected regions who could not make use of electricity pumps in absence of power, will not have to pay electricity bills.
we will allocate rs 37 crore to provide water through bhandarwadi dam and rs 12 crore for water distribution in udir city, he said.
fadnavis said that he has directed officials to chalk out a plan that would permanently solve water problems of latur.
how so ever big the problems may be, we will solve them through an active participation of all stakeholders, he said.
hardikar, adhalrao-patil hardikar, adhalrao-patilpimpri-chinchwad municipal commissioner shravan hardikar, whose administration has been accused by opposition parties of being involved in massive irregularities while awarding tenders for civic road projects, has denied talk about the state government initiating a probe in the matter.
speaking to the indian express on tuesday, hardikar said, after allegations were made that tenders for road projects, worth rs 425 crore, were accepted way above the estimated tender price, the state government had asked for a report.
i have submitted the report more than a week ago.
along with the opposition parties, even bjp mp amar sable had sought a probe by the state government.
in his report to the state government, hardikar said that while sanctioning the rs 425-crore project, his administration had saved rs 31 crore for the pcmc by accepting the tender below the estimated price.
shiv sena mp shivajirao adhalrao-patil on tuesday claimed that a team of government officials, deputed by the state chief secretary, had visited the pcmc headquarters and the commissioners bungalow to probe the charges.
we have brought to the notice of the state government that there was a rs 90-crore scandal in the road projects sanctioned by the current civic administration.
the government has assured us of a probe and has apparently appointed a team of officials to probe the matter, said adhalrao.
denying adhalraos claims, hardikar said the government has not initiated any such probe, and no government official had visited him in the past few days.
i believe the state government had sought a report on the allegations, but not initiated a probe, he said.
the ruling bjp in the civic body also denied claims about a government probe.
the state governments letter to the pcmc had sought a status report there is a difference between a probe and a status report, said bjp general secretary sarang kamtekar.
besides the alleged irregularities in the rs 425-crore road projects, the pcmc administration is also facing allegations about distributing tdr (transfer of development rights) worth rs 5,300 crore within a span of eight months.
the allegations were first made by activist maruti bhapkar and later by the shiv sena, which took the issue to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the pcmc chief, however, dismissed the allegations, saying, the actual figure is rs 400 crore.
there is no illegality in this whatsoever.
it had been done legally and with full transparency.
however, bhapkar said he and other activists had arrived at the figure of rs 5,300 crore only after verifying the documents in pcmc offices.
tdr worth over 41 lakh feet has been given out, claimed bhapkar, who has also approached activist anna hazare about the alleged irregularities.
meanwhile, sena leader adhalrao has made fresh allegations in connection with road work from panjarpol to alandi road, claiming the tender for the project was being accepted at 10 per cent above the estimated price.
the project is worth rs 51 crore we suspect the cost of the project has been pushed up by increasing prices of the raw material required, he said.
but pcmc standing committee chairperson seema savale has challenged the opposition parties to prove their allegations against the civic administration.
they will fall flat on their face, she said.
savale said all the tenders had been accepted below the estimated price, and not a single one had been accepted above the estimated price.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis offers water to anna hazare in ramlila maidan, new delhi, on thursday.
(photo: ani) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis offers water to anna hazare in ramlila maidan, new delhi, on thursday.
(photo: ani)a week after he went on an indefinite hunger strike demanding anti-graft regulations, social activist anna hazare on thursday broke his fast following negotiations with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister of state for agriculture gajendra singh shekhawat in ramlila maidan in the national capital.
the people and the government are not different.
it is the governments job to look after the citizens and its country.
it needs to ensure that citizens do not get any reason to hold protests, hazare told reporters.
almost seven years after leading an anti-corruption movement which became one of the main reasons for upas debacle, the 80-year-old activist had once again demanded setting up of the lokpal at centre and lokayuktas in states.
this time, however, his main target was the narendra modi government for failing to deliver.
his 2011 agitation had led to the passing of the lokpal and lokayuktas act 2013, but the centre is yet to appoint an ombudsman.
this time hazare was also demanding better minimum support prices (msps) to farmers to address agrarian distress.
unlike the last time, when arvind kejriwal, kiran bedi, prashant bhushan and yogendra yadav came together under hazares leadership and a new party, the aam aadmi party, was born, there were no high-profile visitors this year.
while farmers of the bharatiya kisan union made up a large number of the crowd, the young and the urban were largely missing, except perhaps for a group of youngsters from umang theatre in burari.
leaders of various unions took to the stage to list their demands.
b'maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
the maharashtra government will bring in a digital revolution by connecting all its 28,000 gram panchayats in 36 districts by 2017-18 to open the world to rural maharashtra.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has taken up the uphill task with a strict timeline to give a boost to core sectors like primary and secondary education, health and agriculture.
the chief minister-led war room will regularly monitor the digital maharashtra project.
along with the nodal department of ministry of information technology and telecommunications, at least five major ministries have been told to simultaneously expedite their projects across rural sectors.
at internal meetings, fadnavis, however, cautioned his team that the digital revolution needs to be adequately backed by stronger infrastructure in the core sectors of health, education and the agriculture departments to serve its larger objectives.
fadnavis said, digital maharashtra is going to be a reality as we work towards smart cities and smart villages.
our endeavour is to bring development in all sectors across the state.
the grampanchayats are going to be nodes, through which the digital revolution along with infrastructure would be strengthened to provide better health services, education, agriculture and security.
the success of the pilot project, launched in nagpur three months ago, has paved the way for replicating the model in other gram panchayats.
in chief ministers home town, 776 grampanchayats have executed the project to make nagpur the first digitally smart district of maharashtra.
the technology involves laying of optical fibre connectivity.
in the pilot project at nagpur, 4-mbps connectivity with wifi has been installed facilitating e-health, e-education and e-marketing.
reckoning that the digital revolution will bring in new challenges as demands for better services in core sectors will multiply, the chief minister has decided to shortlist five critical mega-projects in the core ministries to keep pace with the digital revolution.
the finance ministry has already drawn a list and set aside 35,000 crore to tackle projects related to socio-economy.
sources revealed, the ministry of tribal welfare has a provision for allocating five per cent of its budget for development work in gram panchayats.
so, there is no need to provide additional allocations.
similarly, the ministry of health and education can avail of the resources set aside for upgrading its infrastructure in rural sectors.
fadnavis has laid greater thrust on better services in primary healthcare and primary and secondary school education across 40,000 villages.
the concept of tele-medicine or tele-education will have to be adequately backed at the village levels to bring a better outcome, he said.
a senior officer, citing an example, said, once the villages get digitised, we can impart quality education both academic and vocational already, the department of it is working with private organisations to integrate 32 iti institutions with industrial sectors, for knowledge-sharing and to resolve employment problems of youths.
to ensure that no district is left out of digital maharashtra, a dedicated team has been constituted to address the concerns of tribal villages in distant hilly terrains.
while beginning the project from the epicentre of malnourishment, harisal (maleghat), fadnavis directed his team to extend the digital project to all tribal belts to bring them into the mainstream of development.
b'cm devendrafadnavis cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra government will present the state budget for the financial year 2016-17 on march 18.
the decision was taken at the business advisory committee meeting held at vidhan bhawan on tuesday.
the minister for parliamentary affairs girish bapat said, the budget session will commence on march 9 and continue till april 17.
the government is likely to introduce ten bills in the state assembly and council.
the most important bill likely to come up relates to reforms in the land revenue laws.
the debate on the budget is scheduled for seven days after its passage on march 18.
however, leader of opposition in state assembly radhakrishna vikhe-patil demanded extention of budget session.
he argued, there are many holidays during march and april.
as a result the actual work will take place for 23 days instead of 40 days.
we would like the government to extend the budget session.
according to bapat, today, the schedule was drawn with consensus for all political parties for budget tenure.
but during the session if we feel there are issues which have to be taken and require more time we can discuss with the opposition leaders and take a final call.
the bandra boy, ashish shelar (46), on sunday made it to the state cabinet, led by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
advertisingthe mumbai bjp presidents name for the ministerial post has been in the reckoning for the last four years.
however, after leading the bjp successfully in the 2017 brihanmumbai municipal corporation polls, his induction in cabinet was almost certain.
an advocate by profession, shelar often played the role of watchdog when representing the bjp in the civic body as a corporator.
his rise to the state legislature has been gradual.
in an ardent appeal to the party workers and followers, shelar said, dont put any hoardings.
instead, donate the amount towards cms drought relief fund.
advertisingthere were celebrations in the area as large number of people gathered to greet shelar.
in 2014 assembly elections, shelar defeated baba siddique from bandra constituency.
shortly after taking the oath of secrecy at raj bhawan on sunday, shelar said, i have always believed in doing the work assigned by the party leadership.
today, i am grateful to prime minister narendra modiji, bjp president amit shahji, chief minister devendra fadnavisji for considering me for the cabinet minister role.
shelar, whose native place is sindhudurg in konkan, had moved to a chawl in bandra (west) decades ago.
shelar is married to pratima dalvi, also an advocate.
they have a son omkar, who is pursuing engineering.
maharashtra minister tanaji sawant has blamed crabs for weakening the wall of tiware dam in ratnagiri district, which claimed the lives of 18 people, prompting the opposition ncp to call the remark height of brazenness.
advertisingcalling the dam breach incident a natural calamity, the newly-appointed water conservation minister also said whatever was destined to happen, would happen.
the wall was weakened by a large number crabs and after it was pointed out to the government officials, some remedial measures were taken up.
the sit appointed by chief minister devendrafadnavis will come up with its findings soon and we will come to know what exactly went wrong, sawant told reporters.
several houses in chiplun taluka of ratnagiri district in maharashtra were swept away when the wall of the tiware dam breached tuesday night following heavy rain over the last 48 hours.
advertisingthe tiware dam, located off the karad-chiplun road, had undergone major repairs just two months ago but around 5 pm tuesday a minor irrigation tank, constructed only in 2004, started leaking again.
amid the incessant rain, the dam breached around 9.
30 pm, flooding seven villages downstream.
read | late at night, the shout that saved a family in maharashtras chiplun: dam has breachedalleging that sawant was blaming crabs to save a big corrupt fish, ncp said it bid to protect local shiv sena mla sadanand chavan, who according to media reports, happens to be a contractor of the dam.
on friday, ncp workers, led by party general secretary jitendra awhad, walked into the naupada police station with crabs and urged the cops to arrest them.
dont blame crabs as you defend a big corrupt fish.
a judicial probe must be carried out into the entire episode and the guilty mla must be punished, ncp chief spokesperson nawab malik said.
lashing out at sawant, senior ncp leader ajit pawar asked why did the shiv sena leader accept the charge of a minister if he were to blame animals for a tragedy.
when will the bjp-shiv sena ministers accept their failures?
he asked on twitter.
in kolhapur, a youth wing of ncp presented a memorandum to shahupuri police station, demanding registration of a case against crabs.
if the minister thinks crabs caused the breach, then a case should be registered against the crabs under section 302 of ipc for murder, ncp state youth wing chief mehboob sheikh said.
even though an alliance between the bjp and the shiv sena is yet to be finalised, a group of bjp corporators from the city have said they would not support the campaign of shrirang barne, the sitting sena mp from maval, if he was fielded again.
advertisingthe corporators met union minister nitin gadkari, who was in the city on sunday, and complained about the conduct of barne, accusing him of making personal attacks on prime minister narendra modi and other senior bjp leaders.
gadkari is said to have listened to their concerns but did not give any assurance to them.
the bjp corporators, including eknath pawar, former deputy mayor shailaja more, eknath dhake and shital shinde, submitted a memorandum to gadkari, complaining that barne had been attacking modi, chief minister devendrafadnavis , and others, and therefore, they were completely opposed to his candidature.
he has made personal attacks on the pm and the cm.
and therefore, none of the bjp corporators are in a mood to support his campaign, pawar said.
on monday, barne hit out at bjp leaders who were against his candidature.
i am a shiv sena mp and it is the sena leadership that will decide whether or not i will contest again from maval.
the bjp has nothing to do with this, he told the indian express.
advertisingwithout naming laxman jagtap, a bjp mla and president of the partys pimpri-chinchwad unit who has been having a running feud with him for several years now, barne said it was no secret who was trying to scuttle his chances of contesting the upcoming lok sabha elections.
i dont have to say anything.
everyone knows the people behind this memorandum, people who are trying to make sure that i do not get a ticket, barne said.
in the 2014 elections, barne had defeated jagtap by a margin of 1.
5 lakh votes.
jagtap had fought as an independent candidate at that time.
later, he joined the bjp and was at the helm of affairs when the party won elections to the pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation (pcmc) for the first time.
the senas tally was reduced to single digit.
the two routinely make statements against each other.
senas pimpri-chinchwad president yogesh babar said barnes candidature from maval had already been authorised by uddhav thackeray.
his candidature has been approved by our party chief.
therefore, whether an alliance with the bjp happens or not, we will work whole-heartedly for barne and ensure his victory, he said.
alleging that there were several irregularities in allocation of contracts in bjp-run pcmc, babar said the sena will raise these issues in the coming elections and expose the wrong doings in the civic body.
jagtap claimed he had nothing to do with the memorandum submitted by his party corporators to gadkari.
i cant help if they think i am behind the move to approach gadkari.
bjp workers and leaders will respond to senas allegations, he said.
suffering from a crippling drought and growing agrarian distress, maharashtras economic growth remained stagnant at 7.
5 per cent.
according to the economic survey report (esr) 2018-19, which was presented to the state legislature on monday, the real gross state domestic product (gsdp) at constant (2011-12) market prices in 2018-19 was rs 20,88,835 crore, up 7.
5 per cent over 2016-17.
in 2017-18, the states economy had grown at the same rate.
in the backdrop of scanty and uneven rains resulting in drought situation during 2018-19, the state economy is expected to maintain the pace of growth as registered in the earlier year, mentioned the report.
but the state was still growing at a faster pace as compared to the national economy, which only grew at 6.
8 per cent in 2018-19.
maharashtra accounts for about 14.
4 per cent of indias gross domestic product.
advertisingthe state is amidst the third drought in five years, with harsh climatic conditions ravaging both kharif and rabi crop production in 2017-18 and 2018-19.
the decline in agriculture output for two consecutive years has adversely affected the rural economy which is highly dependent on agriculture, said a senior official.
even as maharashtra enjoys the status of being indias most industrialised state, about 53 per cent of its population relies on agriculture and allied sectors for livelihood.
the one indicator that will worry the devendrafadnavis government the most as it spells out its final budget before the state polls on tuesday is the negative growth in the crop sector.
the erratic rainfall with long dry spells during the monsoon season hampered the crop sector plummeting the growth to minus 8 per cent over the previous year.
the share of agriculture and allied sector is declining over the period resulting in cascading impact on other sectors like agro-processing industries, trade, hotel, and restaurants, the report stated.
advertisingit blamed dependency of weather condition, decreasing size of farm holdings, high input costs, and market uncertainty as the main causes for growing farm distress.
the state received only 73.
6 pc of the normal rainfall during monsoon 2018.
out of the 355 tehsils (excluding talukas in mumbai), 192 received deficient rainfall.
during kharif sowing, production of cereals and pulses recorded a sharp drop of 8 pc and 35 pc respective, whereas the area under cultivation during rabi sowing was 50 pc less as compared to 2017-18, the report stated.
even horticulture crop took a hit.
explained: how severe is the water crisis in maharashtra?
the states rural economy has been on a downslide since 2013-14, when the agriculture sector, spurred on by a good monsoon that year, had clocked a near 13 per cent growth and the food production had witnessed a 30 per cent increase.
admitting that the sharp drop in agricultural output was worrying, finance minister sudhir mungantiwar attributed the drought conditions for the stunted rural maharashtras growth story.
he also said that reversing the negative growth story of the farm sector would be his budgets topmost priority.
in some respite, other rural sectors including livestock rearing, forestry, and fisheries recorded a positive growth.
it helped us somewhat balance the negative growth in the crop sector, mungantiwar said.
overall the agriculture and allied activities grew at 0.
4 pc over 17-18, esr mentioned.
but what softened the blow for the fadnavis government was the positive growth story of the services sector, which is projected to grow at 9.
2 per cent.
the quantum jump within the services sector was in the financial, real estate, and professional services segments, which continued to grow at 9.
2 per cent despite the economic slowdown, and the hospitality segment that clocked 8.
1 per cent growth.
another key indicator shows that the governments push for ease of doing business and the replication of make in india initiatives in maharashtra is yet to alter ground realities.
the report has projected a 6.
9 per cent growth rate for the industries sector, compared to 7.
6 per cent in 2017-18.
while the government on monday thumped its back for a positive growth story in the real estate sector that continues to clock positive growth, the slowdown and drought conditions appeared to have impacted the mining and quarrying industry, and the power, gas and water sector, where the growth rate decelerated sharply.
the real estate sector grew at 9.
9 per cent compared to 7.
9 per cent last year.
mungantiwar, however, continued to the bullish about the sector, and indicated that his budget will have a special thrust on the msme sector, which is the second largest employment generator in the state after agriculture.
states fiscal managers pointed that the state needs to consistently clock double digit growth, if it wants to meet the target of become a 1 trillion-dollar economy by 2025, which was earlier announced by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
but the most the fadnavis government has managed so far is a 9.
2 pc growth in 2016-17.
we have had four deficient monsoons in five years.
you must factor that as well, said mungantiwar.
another problem that the devendrafadnavis government might want to fix through the budget is the relatively low spend on capital works.
in 2018-19, the capital expenditure accounted for only 12.
6 pc of the total expenditure.
maharashtras per capita income at current prices was estimated at rs 1,91,827 in 2018-19 as compared to rs 176102 in 17-18, a rise of 8.
9 per cent.
the esr has omitted any commentary of the overall state of maharashtras economy.
constable lalita salve constable lalita salveover a month after chief minister devendrafadnavis cleared a file permitting constable lalita salve to undergo a gender reassignment surgery, the office of the maharashtra director general of police (dgp) has recently written to the state home department contending that as medical tests at a state-run hospital identified her as male, the leave salve has sought for undergoing surgery cannot be granted.
the communique from the home department states that the constable should be granted permission to undergo surgery but recent medical tests conducted by a government hospital has clearly stated that the constable is a male who was reared as a female, said a senior police official.
we have brought this report to the notice of the government and asked them to take a decision.
asked why the state police is not treating hers as a special case as directed by the cm, the official said there is no provision to reinduct a female constable who was selected as a lady constable as a male constable.
in her home in rajegaon village, in beed districts majalgaon taluka, the 29-year-old struggles to keep her spirits up, having received no official word from the office of the state director general of police.
having applied to the government to be permitted to undergo gender reassignment surgery in september last year, in march she was elated when the cm cleared her file, but was hopeful of clear directions from the dgp office regarding when she can proceed on medical leave and if she can resume work as a male constable.
am i lalita or lalit?
i have no answer when people ask me.
sometimes i feel suicidal.
but then i am the sole breadwinner of my family.
the wait is acting as a slow poison.
its killing me, says lalita.
she says life wasnt always this confusing.
prior to 2014, i was happy being a girl.
i loved doll houses like other girls, and as we couldnt afford one, i would use soda bottle lids and other trinkets to make a makeshift doll house.
born to parents who worked as labourers, salve would sell candy to villagers.
i used to make 25 paise on every candy, and give the money to my mother, she says.
as the secondborn, and aware of the acute poverty the family faced, she wanted to find a job and found support in an uncle who funded her education.
my job was not a mere source of income but also a matter of pride and respect that was missing from my life, she says.
salve says she was operated by a local doctor when she was a teen for what was believed then to be a cyst.
in my teens, i saw a growth near my private parts.
i told my parents.
a doctor said it was a cyst and did a surgery to remove it.
in 2014, i saw a similar growth.
i followed the same drill of informing my parents and visiting a doctor.
this time, the doctor informed us that it wasnt a cyst but underdeveloped testicles.
looking at my past medical history he concluded that the earlier doctor removed an underdeveloped testicle, she reveals.
i blanked out completely.
since then, i live in uncertainty, she says.
inducted in maharashtra police in 2010 as a woman police constable, salve has been posted at various police stations in beed district besides a two-year stint with the riot control police (rcp) of the district.
currently she is posted at the majalgaon police station and is part of the damini pathak, a specialised unit formed to nab what the locals call roadside romeos.
no.
48 on the chart enlisting staff details at the majalgaon police station reads lm salve  lpc (lady police constable) 722.
colleagues address her as salve madam.
they are all concerned for her as well.
when she signs the duty muster, which also identifies her as a lady constable, they gather around and ask if the letter about her surgery has arrived.
everyone in majalgaon police station is waiting for the order.
it makes me feel special, salve adds.
what is her fault?
its natural.
she is struggling every day.
sometimes she breaks down but we tell her not to give up, says constable haneef sheikh.
spo rajeev talekar says he was shocked when he read lalitas application in september last year.
when i took charge in june last year, i found lalita unlike a woman.
she has a baritone, the hint of a moustache and a boyish charm, but it wasnt appropriate to ask any personal questions.
but in september when i read her application, i was shocked.
i had never heard of anything like this before.
i decided to read up on this and found there was a case in which a cisf constable had sought a sex change surgery.
a doctor friend of mine said that its a rare case where a person is reared as a female but might have underdeveloped male genitals.
i felt concerned for lalita and forwarded the application to my senior, says talekar.
at the office of the dgp, lalitas application was met with mixed reactions.
while some were amused, a few were concerned but others held the opinion that it was a case of cheating  selected in a quota for women constables, that reservation would cease if she was to be treated as a male constable, some officers said.
others cited selection criteria that are tougher for male constables.
in fact in november last year, the dgps office wrote to the state government, batting the matter to them on the grounds that it concerned change in selection rules, something that can be mandated only by the government.
the selection rules havent been amended for decades.
it does not mention the third gender or what should be done with an application like this one.
in the 21st century, sexual orientation should not be the criteria to determine professional acumen.
it is time the rules are amended, said a senior police officer who who did not wish to be named.
the latest communication from the dgp office to the home department means longer daily struggles.
in october last year while appearing before the bombay high court i went to the public toilet outside the court.
when i went to the toilet meant for men, they directed me to use the ladies toilet.
i wasnt comfortable but eventually had to use it.
this is one of the many minor struggles, says salve, who hasnt shopped for clothes since 2014, finding the idea of buying clothes suitable to a particular gender overwhelming.
but salve says she hopes to get the surgery, as the cm had cleared the file as a special case.
and upon discharge, i will join duty as policeman lalit salve, she says.
her uncle arjun ujgare, a retired civil servant, says money is not a criteria.
in the application we had sought reimbursement of medical bills, but even if that doesnt come through, we will manage.
we just want her to live a normal and healthy life, ujgare says.
at her home at rajegaon, mother kesaribai is all praise for her daughter.
she is not a daughter but our son.
she has helped both her brothers financially.
she bought an autorickshaw for one and helped the other brother get a job.
she also financed the wedding of her elder sister, kesaribai says proudly.
once her operation is done.
i will find her a girl and get her married off, she concludes.
claiming that excessive reservation in education has affected various communities and deprived meritorious students of seats, members of save merit save nation staged protests on sunday in mumbai, solapur and nagpur.
advertisingin maharashtra, reservation was 52 per cent till 2018-19.
this included constitutional reservations for scs and sts, obcs as well as 2 per cent given to sbcs in maharashtra.
in 2019-20, the reservation has gone up to 74 per cent.
this created huge disturbance in the admission process of various professional courses.
it led to mobilisation by unreserved and general category students, the group said in a statement.
according to the group, reservation policy should be based only on economic criteria for upliftment of socially and economically backward classes irrespective of caste or religion.
it also called for an overhaul of caste-based reservation policy by setting up a neutral panel to review it on a timely basis.
equal opportunities in education and employment should be available to everyone.
hence, reservation should not exceed 50 per cent and timelines should be defined to periodically review and reduce it gradually to zero once the goal of upliftment is achieved.
a review committee should be in place to penalise fraudsters who avail of reservation benefits by obtaining certificates through fake documents.
the reservation policy should be reviewed every five years to ensure its benefits reach the poor and needy, said sudha shenoy, one of the convenors of the protest in mumbais azad maidan.
advertisinga meeting was held on july 14 between chief minister devendrafadnavis and members of the group to discuss the demands.
during our meeting the cm agreed on a few action points but government resolutions are awaited.
till then, our protest will continue, said shenoy.
in nagpur, the rally was taken from yashwant stadium to kasturchand park, where a public meeting was held.
in solapur, the rally was taken from dutta chowk to chaar putla chowk.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
pti photo maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
pti photothe grievances of fishermen regarding the chhatrapati shivaji memorial would be resolved and the project would not be allowed to be embroiled in any controversy, chief minister devendrafadnavis assured on wednesday.
the fisher folk have been demanding rehabilitation of their community members who will be impacted by the construction for the memorial before starting the work.
watch what else is making news:through a book, people will remember the years of struggles that went behind laying the foundation stone of chhatrapati shivajis memorial.
i am very fortunate for being able to render my services to shivaji maharaj, fadnavis said.
he was addressing a gathering in mumbai after releasing a book on the struggles behind the memorial.
the book has been penned by mla vinayak mete, who was heading the committee overseeing the intricacies involved in shivajis statue.
we will go ahead once we resolve the issues that have been raised by fishermen of the area and not allow shivaji maharajs memorial to get into any controversy, the cm said.
on the occasion, mete said the book will give an answer to those who were creating unnecessary hurdles in the construction of the memorial.
it does not matter who takes credit for construction of the memorial.
shivaji maharaj belonged to the whole nation and to everyone in maharashtra.
since 1995, there was struggle in the memorials construction.
people with malafide intentions were creating obstacles.
this book will be an answer to all of them, he said.
the fishermen had earlier said that they were not against the construction of the memorial per se, but the site which will jeopardise the livelihood of 3,500-odd fishermen.
the main feature of the memorial will be a 192-metre tall statue of the maratha king.
the site is a rocky outcrop, roughly 1.
5 km from the raj bhavan shore of mumbai.
in drought-hit maharashtra, where 24,000 villages are reeling under water scarcity, the production of sugarcane, a water-intensive crop, has increased by 10 per cent in 2018-19 compared to 2017-18.
in the same period, the area under sugarcane crop has also increased by 22 per cent.
advertisingaccording to the state governments annual report for rabi and kharif crops for 2018-19, area under sugarcane plantation has increased from 9.
02 lakh hectares (2017-18) to 11.
63 lakh hectares (2018-19).
sugarcane production has increased from 83,138 lakh metric tonnes (2017-18) to 91,704 lakh metric tonnes (2018-19).
according to the report, however, there has been a decline in production of other crops in both kharif and rabi season in the same period.
kharif crops were sown on 151.
03 lakh hectares, a marginal increase of 0.
05 per cent compared to 150.
96 lakh hectares in 2017-18.
consequently, foodgrain production has declined by 12 per cent and cereals by 35 per cent.
production of oilseeds, however, has gone up by 16 per cent.
rabi crops appear to have caused huge damage to farmers.
foodgrain from rabi crops is set to decline by 63 per cent, cereals by 68 per cent, pulses by 51 per cent and oilseeds by 70 per cent.
production of wheat is set to decline by 61 per cent.
the drought had maximum impact on rabi crops as only 50 per cent of the total area were cultivated.
advertisingpaddy-growing farmers are likely to heave a sigh of relief in eastern vidarbha and konkan as rice production is set to increase by 28 per cent, according to the report.
cotton production is likely to increase by 17 per cent.
at the annual meeting on friday to take stock of the situation ahead of the coming kharif season, chief minister devendrafadnavis emphasised on shifting water-intensive crops from flood irrigation to drip irrigation.
he also urged agriculture universities and water management experts to evolve innovative plans to maximise agriculture production with less water.
while expressing concern over the crop loss, fadnavis exuded confidence that overall food production for year 2018-19 would be 115.
7 lakh metric tonnes.
in 2018-19, with 73 per cent deficient rainfall, we have still maintained overall good foodgrain production at 115 lakh metric tonnes.
in 2017-18, the production was 118.
58 lakh metric tonnes, he said.
at present, only three lakh hectares of sugarcane crops are covered by drip irrigation.
the government has set a target to bring the entire sugarcane growing areas under drip irrigation in the next two years.
water management expert prof rajendra singh believes water management should be accorded highest priority in the agriculture sector in states like maharashtra, where drought is a recurring phenomenon.
the government should take drastic measures to disallow sugarcane cultivation in drought-prone talukas of maharashtra.
there cannot be any other method to tackle the water crisis, he said.
the countrys first village of books will be formally opened for public on may 4, the maharashtra government has announced.
the village of books inspired by the welsh town hay-on-wye, is coming up at bhilar village near mahabaleshwar.
the countrys first village of books in maharashtra is a reality now, the minister of cultural affairs and marathi language, vinod tawde, said at a press conference on friday.
nearly 25 buildings, which include three temples, two schools, seven houses and several lodges and homestays spread over 2 km in bhilar, 7-8 km from panchgani, will open their gates for public reading.
the village will be inaugurated by chief minister devendrafadnavis , tawde said.
bhilar, which was known for its strawberries, will now be known as indias first village of books, tawde said.
the projects aim is to promote marathi language and marathi books and eventually, make the place a tourist hub, like hay-on-wye in wales.
we also plan to organise literary events, interactions with authors and poets, and book-reading sessions during the tourist season, especially during diwali and summer vacations.
all 10,000-15,000 books in the village are in marathi.
tawde said in future, 80 per cent of the books would be in marathi and the rest in other languages.
i appeal to all booklovers and admirers of marathi language to attend the inauguration, said tawde.
dr sadanand more, baba bhand, dilip karambelkar, arunatai dhere, pandurang balakwade, rajan gavas, ashok naigaokar and other noted personalities from the marathi literary world are expected to attend the programme on may 4.
the second village of books is expected to come up in the coastal village of malgund in konkan, added tawde .
a group of water and irrigation sector experts has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis opposing the rs 16,000-crore proposed marathwada water grid project and expressing doubts on whether the project is warranted at all.
advertisingthe letter asks if better water distribution among marathwadas eight districts is realistically possible until water in nashiks dams and elsewhere that is reserved for marathwada is actually conveyed to the region.
expressing dismay at the state governments decision to kick off work on the water grid, a resolution adopted unanimously at last weeks marathwada water grid parishad in jalna says the demands of marathwadas people for real change in water management remain unheeded.
it says project consultant mekorot, the israeli national water company, has inadequate experience in the complicated subject of dam management in the state.
we have serious doubts about the need, practical feasibility and implementation of the water grid project, says the resolution, attached to the letter sent to the chief minister.
to be built by the maharashtra jeevan pradhikaran, the first tenders of the marathwada water grid are to be floated this week, covering a rs 4,527 crore component of the rs 16,000-crore project that aims to connect 11 major dams in eight districts through pipelines to allow water to be drawn from a water-surplus reservoir and pumped to water treatment plants and from there to talukas where there is a scarcity.
advertisinghowever, activists from the arid and drought-hit region have cited incomplete or suspended projects whose objective was to improve water availability in marathwada to say the multi-crore pipeline project for drinking water fails to address a more basic problem of bringing water into the region.
in the case of the babhali project to dam the godavari in nanded, andhra pradesh objected to the barrage over a decade ago.
the activists have asked the government to file a review petition in the sc in the matter.
they also ask for cancellation of water reservations for non-irrigation purposes from the mukane, waki, bham and bhavali dams in nashik, as well as cancellation of reservation from bhavali dam for the shahapur region, so that these waters can be guaranteed for marathwada.
not only should water from nashiks east-flowing rivers be made available for marathwada every season but water from these dams should also be conveyed by pipeline to the nandur madhmeshwar weir from where it flows further into jayakwadi, marathwadas largest dam, their resolution says.
unless the injustice to marathwadas water needs is corrected, the dams in this region will not fill up.
and if the dams remain empty, what is the point of a water grid connecting them, asks pradeep purandare, water policy expert and former associate professor at water and land management institute (walmi), aurangabad.
currently, while jayakwadis reservior has reached over 91 per cent of its capacity, at least half a dozen other major dams in the region remain at dead storage.
the water grid parishads resolution also seeks completion of the long-pending krishna-marathwada project, which could bring relief to areas in beed and osmanabad, as well as resolution of inter-state disputes over the waters of the godavari, which have affected availability to marathwadas districts.
but we have to see also whether the plan is basically necessary, says purandare, and whether it is viable.
raising questions on how political interference will be prevented in the operation of the grid, whether the hybrid annuity model will cause water to be more expensive and if it will open the floodgates for private control of water, he says the government should do a rethink on the water grid.
ncp mp supriya sule.
(file photo) ncp mp supriya sule.
(file photo)ncp mp supriya sule has alleged that maharashtra governments anti-farmer policies and failure to provide adequate remunerative prices for agricultural produce have broken the backbone of farmers.
because of the anti-farmer policies of the government and not providing adequate remunerative prices for their agricultural produce like onion, soyabean and pulses, the backbone of the farmers has been broken, sule said.
watch what else is making newsshe was addressing public meetings at yeola and atgaon here yesterday ahead of the elections to nashik municipal corporation, panchayat samiti and zilla parishad.
criticising the demonetisation move, the ncp leader said that, the modi government at the centre took votes in 2014 and notes in 2017.
the farmers were destroyed, she said while alleging that the government has also forgotten its assurance of giving adequate support prices for their agricultural produce.
earlier, we welcomed prime minister modis demonetisation move, but in an attempt to pull out blackmoney (from the system), the government caused hardships to the common man, sule said.
the government even kept an eye on gold ornaments of women, she said.
during her visit to yeola, sule met farmer krishna dongare, who had set ablaze the onion crop on 2.
5 acres of his land on tuesday out of frustration, after the prices crashed.
i have spent rs three lakh on the onion crop in my field, but traders have stopped buying the produce in auctions.
farmers are staging road blockades in the district demanding better prices.
the demand was also hit by the demonetisation.
if i sold my crop today, i would get only rs 60,000, dongare had earlier said.
sule said the burnt onions will be presented to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
according to traders, onion prices fell to around rs 100-150 per quintal at some places for past several days and farmers were not recovering even the input costs.
the apmc centres in the district, including those at mungse and zodge, have stopped auctions of onion, as it is not possible to send the crop to markets across the country due to shortage of railway wagons, the traders had said.
ncps women state chief chitra wagh, mlc from nashik jayawant jadhav and some local leaders were present during sules public meetings.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file)in the last two financial years between 2015 and 2017, the state government has achieved only 25 to 30 per cent of the set target for rural housing for the landless and poor.
the rural housing for poor is being pursued under the banner of pradhan mantri awas yojna (gramin).
the state government has therefore decided to fast track the projects to achieve the target of shelter for all by year 2021.
the centre has set a deadline of 2022 for all states to make shelter for all a reality.
in 2016-17, the state government planned to construct 1.
71 lakh houses for the homeless and landless living in the rural parts of maharashtra.
officials in the government indicated that till march 2017, the number of houses constructed was not more than 25,000.
whereas, in the year 2015-16, as against 1,57,260 houses set as target, 29,229 houses were completed with an expenditure of rs 439 crore.
the total amount allocated was rs 859.
94 crore.
a senior officer explained that the failure to meet 100 per cent target was on account of procedural delays.
under the shelter for all by year 2022, there are two schemes, for rural and urban areas, with financial assistance from the centre.
apart from these two schemes, maharashtra government has taken up its own housing scheme which is segment specific to provide shelter to dalits/tribals who have no land or house.
the overall tally in housing sector for the poor between 2012-13 and 2015-16 shows that against a target of 6,32,402 dwellings 4,03,938 were built with a total expenditure of rs 5028.
66 crore.
this means 2,28,504 dwellings could not be built as was envisaged in the last four years.
sources in the ministry of finance and rural development acknowledged that there have been reports of a gap between the plan and its implementation varying from 40 to 70 per cent across districts.
however, officials revealed that after the modi government came to power at the centre, it was mandatory to provide funds to the accounts of the beneficiary.
the process was to ensure the funds were not misused and also the deserving got the house.
the pmay (rural) makes provision of a subsidy of rs 1.
20 lakh to individuals without home or land in villages.
whereas, rs 1.
30 lakh is provided for beneficiaries living in hilly and naxal areas of rural maharashtra.
while reckoning the challenges in the housing sectors both urban and rural, chief minister devendrafadnavis intends to raise the project target and set completion dateline every three months.
compared to rural areas, the urban areas under pmay fared better in terms of implementation.
earlier, at a function, fadnavis in presence of prime minister narendra modi in nagpur had said, the state government intends to attain housing for all in both urban and rural areas by year 2021.
almost 2.
50 lakh houses across the state are under progress in various stages.
the state government has got the nod from the centre for 46 projects under pmay (urban) which was launched in 2015-16.
apart from housing, it has to mandate every family gets electricity, in-built toilet and access to roads.
under this scheme, 46 projects across 22 cities will construct 1.
19 lakh dwellings for economically weaker sections.
the cities include solapur, nashik, amravati, aurangabad, nagpur, akola, pune and cities in konkan (region).
the state government has sought financial assistance of rs 7,187 crore and rs 3,500 crore to accomplish its target.
the state government has sought financial assistance of rs 7,187 crore and rs 3,500 crore to accomplish its target.
the state government has decided to shift from the conventional flood irrigation method to scientific micro-irrigation encompassing 40,913 villages across maharashtra in three phases.
the target is to create additional water storage of 4000 mm3.
additional dry land to be covered by agriculture is pegged at 7.
5 lakh hectares.
the state vision document-2030 unveils the long-term plans of the state government to adopt micro-irrigation for effective water management and higher farm production across villages to make agriculture sustainable in the long run with higher income for farmers.
a senior secretary in the ministry of water resources department revealed, in the absence of infrastructure and rain dependence we are adopting flood irrigation methods for agriculture.
in the next 15 to 17 years, we have set the target to replace every village or field with micro irrigation method.
it would mean switching to scientific method of low and controlled water release through drip irrigation at the roots of the plant.
this would help in better quality and quantity of farm produce.
according to the vision document, there are 26 irrigation projects under prime minister krishisinchai yojna (pmky) requiring rs 16,603 crore.
the completion of these projects would create an additional irrigation potential of 5.
57 lakh hectares and water storage capacity 1324 mm3.
in the 14 drought hit districts of vidarbha and marathwada which has registered highest suicides by farmers, the government has set a target to complete 107 projects within three years with additional irrigation potential of 1.
43 lakh hectares.
apart from these there are seven irrigation projects in flood prone regions which would help to bring 1.
34 lakh hectares of land under irrigation.
the state government has sought financial assistance of rs 7,187 crore and rs 3,500 crore to accomplish its target.
apart from the projects included in pmky and drought districts, government has taken on priority 225 projects out of 420 which are in various phases for the last 15-30 years.
irrigation potential of 49.
21 lakh hectares by junesurpassing its own higher record of 42.
51 lakh hectares of irrigation potential, the ministry of water resources on wednesday projected 49.
21 lakh hectares by june, 2017.
the irrigation potential is worked out on the land that can be brought under agriculture within the irrigation command areas covering dams across state.
the highest irrigation potential in command area in past was 32.
46 lakh hectares during 2013-14.
earlier, during an interaction with district collectors across maharashtra, the chief minister urged them to expedite the ongoing jalyukta shivar projects before the onset of monsoons.
b'maharashtra farmers protest: farmers and tribals from across the state began their protest on march 6 from cbs chowk in nashik, and have walked over 160 kilometres in the last six days.
(express photo/janak rathod) maharashtra farmers protest: farmers and tribals from across the state began their protest on march 6 from cbs chowk in nashik, and have walked over 160 kilometres in the last six days.
we have accepted most of their demands and have given them a written letter, fadnavis was quoted as saying by ani.
the government also said the issue of forest land transfer rights would be resolved within six months, adding that a committee would be set up with two representative from akhil bharatiya kisan sabha to look into problems of loan waiver to adivasis and farmers.
nearly 40,000 farmers and tribals, who began their protest on march 6 from cbs chowk in nashik, reached mumbai early this morning; they have walked over 160 kilometres in the last six days.
in pictures | six days, 160 kilometres  farmers long march reaches mumbaithe farmers have a list of demands for the bjp-led government, including a complete loan waiver, an overhaul of the river linking scheme keeping in mind the tribal villages and implementation of recommendations made by the swaminathan committee report that asserts farmers should be paid one and a half times the cost of production.
congress president rahul gandhi, meanwhile, said the party stands with the farmers and tribals.
taking to twitter, he said the march shows the central and state governments apathy.
he appealed to prime minister narendra modi and cm fadnavis to not stand on ego and accept the demands put forth by the farmers.
three days after the chopper of chief minister devendrafadnavis crashlanded at nilanga in latur district, safety experts have raised questions about the compliance of chopper flying and maintenance rules.
periodic maintenance of the chopper and the choice of helipad location for flight operations require regulation, they say.
in a similar incident in december 2016, an emergency landing was called by the pilot of a chopper handled by aman aviation company at aarey colony which led to a crash and claimed three lives.
preliminary evidence had pointed to clutch failure of the chopper for the mishap.
the rules, mentioned under the civil aviation requirements (car), are enforced by the directorate general of civil aviation (dgca).
the guidelines, formed in 1997, describe specific rules for the periodic maintenance of choppers, seating capacity, pilots qualified to ride the chopper and other technical details.
a portion of the guidelines was revised in january 2017 after the crash in aarey which made maintenance rules for operators stricter.
experts have quizzed whether guidelines regulated by the dgca are being met.
the dgca has a set of guidelines with respect to maintenance of the chopper and checks before take-off and after landing.
even while selecting the location of the helipad, guidelines must be followed.
in investigative reports, the choppers confirmation to the rules set must be highlighted, said safety expert mangala narsimhan.
in nilanga, the choppers wheels got entangled into the electrical wires above the slums at shivaji mahavidyalaya school ground in latur .
it later fell on certain hutments in the area, destroying two-three makeshift slums.
during flight operations, ensuring absence of obstacles around the sight also becomes important.
it may not be important when a ride is scheduled under normal conditions.
however, during emergency landing, it could prove to be a problem, like the presence of slums did in this case, said another safety expert.
others also questioned if the maps inside the chopper are updated to ensure pilots are aware of the new transmission lines in path.
the maps inside the chopper must carry exact information about the height at which new transmission lines have been placed, added narsimhan.
however, officials from the district collector office at latur said that all necessary guidelines have been met.
the required guidelines as mentioned by dgca in its report on temporary helipads were followed before the cms choppers took off.
also, as the helipad has been in use many times in the past one month, things were under control, he said.
both accidents are under investigation by aviation accidents investigation bureau.
any action will be taken after reports are accepted by the government.
as far as compliance to regulations by operators are concerned, dgca keeps a check through periodic surveillance and audits, said dgca joint general manager (air safety) lalit gupta.
shivsena party chief uddhav thackrey.
shivsena party chief uddhav thackrey.
ahead of the crucial three week-long monsoon session, chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday night met shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray at matoshree.
sources said that it is likely that fadnavis called for the meeting to gain the senas support for the crucial goods and services act (gst), which will be tabled at the session as the union government is keen on pushing the gst bill in monsoon session of parliament.
watch video: monsoon session: bjp reaches out to congress to end gst stalematesources said that the fadnavis-thackeray meeting was to convey a strong message of unity within the government to the opposition, which has decided to get aggressive in the session.
political insiders believe that the two leaders might have discussed about the division of important corporation or mahamandals in the state.
at present, there are 54 corporations which the sena and the bjp have to share.
the sena has demanded plum corporations.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis shiv senas performance in bmc and thane municipal polls has been astounding.
but, the show of strength has been of the bharatiya janata party.
mumbai bjp president ashish shelar claimed the bjps seats have gone up three times from last time while sena had a marginal increase.
taking a look at the numbers, the win looks impressive.
in 2012 civic polls for bmc, thane, pune, pimpri chinchwad, nashik and nagpur, bjp won a combined 143 seats while the shiv sena bagged 183.
the breakup is as follows:2012bjp/sspcmc3/14nagpur-62/6nashik14/19thane7/54bmc31/75pmc26/15claiming that bjp has come out as the stronger party in this election, ashish shelar, mumbai bjp president, said, bjps win is bigger than shiv senas.
while shiv sena seats gone up marginally from last elections, our seats have gone up three times.
the numbers till 5:30 pm show a good picture for this years elections and the performance of both the parties.
2017bjp/sspcmc49/9nagpur-74/0nashik54/33thane17/51bmc81/84pmc77/10the bjp has already registered victory on 352 seats while the sena has won 187 till now.
it is clear that the bjp has made strong inroads into the sena and ncp vote banks.
congress vote bank has also split between bjp and congress.
looking retrospectively, bjp demanded 114 seats for bmc elections  51 per cent  this time and the fact that both parties won almost the equal number of seats shows that the bjp has in a way justified its claim that it was no longer a junior partner.
even back in 2014, seat sharing talks broke up between the two parties when bjp demanded equal seats for the 288 seat maharashtra assembly but sena didnt budge.
ultimately bjp won 122 and sena could only manage 63.
in 2009, sena had fought on 169 and bjp on 119.
but these elections have changed the picture completely.
in fact, by the looks of it, bjp comes across as the dominant political force in the state.
it also raises a point that if the parties stayed together, they could share enormous political clout in the state and could win by even stronger margins in 2019 elections for the state and perhaps the lok sabha as well.
the two key takeaways from the elections then remain uddhav thackerays coming of age and bjps emergence as perhaps the strongest party in the state with proven hold on civic levels as well.
ncp and congress take back seat.
thousands of farmers and tribals have started an indefinite agitation in front of the residence of vishnu sawara, guardian minister for palghar district and minister for tribal development, at wada in palghar.
farmers and tribals from across maharashtra gathered in palghar to protest against what they called was the state governments negligence towards the tribals and the states slow response to malnutrition deaths in tribal districts of maharashtra including palghar.
what what else is in the newsthe protest was held at khandeshwari naka of wada taluka where reportedly around 10,000-12,000 farmers and tribals blocked the road.
the statewide indefinite demonstration was called by cpi(m) affiliated state council of the all india kisan sabha which is demanding immediate steps to reduce malnutrition deaths along with implementation of forests rights act 2005 and of mahatma gandhi national rural employment scheme.
ashok dhawale, national joint secretary of all india kisan sabha, said, the issue of malnutrition deaths is really serious, but the government is taking it lightly.
earlier, we agitated in nashik when chief minister devendrafadnavis assured us to meet our demands but nothing has been implemented on ground.
now we will not recall the agitation unless the minister comes here and gives us a promise in writing.
kisan gujar, the state unit president of the kisan sabha, said, we are demanding the government to give the tribal and forest lands to tribal people if tribals are cultivating that land, to release payment of work under padkai scheme, to give priority to providing water from dams in tribal areas to tribal population and to improve tribal ashram schools and hostels which are in a bad condition.
this are all basic facilities, but the government is neglecting the tribal population, he added.
ajit navale, secretary of kisan sabha, says, the farmers themselves have taken the stand that they will not leave unless the minister meets us.
additional tribal commissioner met us but issues have to be discussed by the minister and not a local officer of the government.
police took precautionary measures and increased security.
shivshankar more, spokesperson for palghar police, said, we have taken all necessary security measures to avoid any untoward incident as most of the protesters are not locals.
as of now, there are around 10-12 thousand protesters.
we have increased security in the area and at the residence of the minister.
veteran journalist vinod dua will be honoured with the redink award for lifetime achievement in journalism while raj kamal jha, chief editor of the indian express, will receive the journalist of the year award for 2017.
the awards, part of the national redink awards for excellence in journalism and instituted by the mumbai press club, will be presented by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis at a ceremony in mumbai on june 7.
in a statement on saturday, mumbai press club secretary dharmendra jore said the award to dua was recognition of his extensive and versatile contribution to journalism in different formats and subjects while jha provided exemplary stewardship over the last couple of years to the newspaper with focused reporting and what it has always been known best for  investigative journalism.
the statement said jha led from the front to make the indian express part of an international investigative team that cracked the global money laundering scam known as the panama papers.
apart from these two awards, the redink awards for excellence in journalism are given in 11 other categories to 30 journalists for meritorious work in tv, print and digital formats.
these awards are for competitive entries that are curated and judged by distinguished juries in each category.
in an interview with the indian express, mhada chief officer dinkar jagdale explains the challenges it faces to redevelop these buildings, reasons for delay and how it keeps people in these buildings safe.
advertisingthe building that collapsed was an illegal construction.
how do you plan to stop illegal constructions in cessed buildings?
currently, mhada cannot do anything about illegal constructions in cessed buildings.
we are only facilitators and the power to take action on illegal constructions is with the municipal corporation of greater mumbai (mcgm).
but in the wake of the dongri incident, we plan to carry out an audit of illegal constructions with mcgm.
as an agency taking care of cessed buildings mhada will provide all support.
why is there so much delay in redevelopment of cessed buildings?
advertisingat present, there are 14,000 apartments in south bombay and mhada is planning to speed up redevelopment work once the cabinet approves the new policy for redevelopment.
under the new policy, the agency looking after a property has to develop the building.
now, we dont have much power over cessed buildings.
we only have the power to issue noc to redevelopment projects.
the maximum we can do is cancel the noc.
what are the challenges in the way of redevelopment?
sometimes, apart from the size of flats, tenants also demand specific furniture.
some even demand tv and fridge, leading to cost escalation.
moreover, if the society is ready then landowners come up with demands.
what can be done to speed up redevelopment of cessed buildings?
we must look at three things.
first, make sure we have enough transit camps in nearby locations where people can shift without hesitation; second, hike in compensation of landowners of cessed property and; third, setting up a mechanism to tackle the demands of tenants.
why do people resist vacating dilapidated buildings and shifting to transit camps?
mhada offers transit camps to tenants under two conditions.
one, when a building is under redevelopment.
two, if a building has collapsed or is dilapidated.
then the tenants have to chose from transit camps located in gorai or in the suburbs.
cessed buildings are located in south mumbai.
so, tenants dont want to go to far-off places like gorai.
how do you plan to vacate people living in dilapidated buildings?
if a building is dilapidated and is under c-1 category then we can forcefully evict the tenants.
there are cases where tenants went to the bombay high court and got a stay.
otherwise, mhada usually manages to vacate tenants from dilapidated buildings.
there are people staying in transit camps for more than 30 years.
why?
to bring back those in transit camps, we issue a master list.
it is issued when we get surplus homes from redevelopment projects.
till now, we have given houses to nearly 600 tenants under the master list.
surplus homes needed to house those in transit camps are quite less with mhada because of which tenants continue to live in transit camps.
why cluster redevelopment is given so much importance when it comes to redevelopment?
cessed buildings are small in size and area.
redevelopment of a single building is sometimes non-viable.
but if some buildings are clubbed together, then redevelopment becomes viable.
thats the main reason behind cluster redevelopment of cessed buildings.
how do you ensure the safety of 54,000 people living in dilapidated cessed buildings?
advertisingevery year, we do a structural audit of dilapidated buildings and those found unfit for living, we issue a list and ask tenants to shift to transit camps.
this year, we listed 23 buildings as dilapidated and managed to vacate all 420 families living in them.
the board will not leave tenants in danger.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeraythe time for filing of nomination for the post of maharashtra legislative assembly speaker was on tuesday extended after opposition sena disrupted proceedings and demanded that the notification of schedule for the speakers election be cancelled as all members had not taken oath.
as soon as the house assembled for the second day to enable the members to take oath, sena leader eknath shinde, on a point of order, demanded that the notification of schedule for speakers election be cancelled.
the time for filing of nomination is till 12 noon.
as many as 106 members are yet to take oath, they cannot participate in the process of election including proposing, seconding the name of the candidate or even if they want to contest the election, till they take oath as members, shinde said.
the time for filing of nomination for the post of speaker was later extended till 3 pm.
as shinde said that the notification should be cancelled and the time for filing of nomination be extended, all shiv sena members were on their feet demanding that the proceedings be stopped till ae ruling is given by the protem speaker.
protem speaker jeeva pandu gavit said there was no need for stopping the proceedings.
however, sena members were unrelenting.
they raised slogans in favour of their demand that the proceedings cannot be continued till a ruling is given.
ganpatrao deshmukh (pwp) said the point of order was correct and at the same time it would not be right to stop the oath-taking procedure.
deshmukhs view was supported by ncp member r r patil.
patil said the time for filing of nomination should be extended till all members take oath.
parliamentary affairs minister prakash mehta agreed to the suggestion.
on monday, 178 members including chief minister and his cabinet colleagues, former chief minister and former ministers, former speaker and deputy speaker as well as women members took oath.
b'raj thackeray says there is a larger plot to trigger hindu versus muslim riots in name to ram temple (express photo by dilip kagda) raj thackeray says there is a larger plot to trigger hindu versus muslim riots in name to ram temple (express photo by dilip kagda)all political parties should unite to make modi-mukt bharat a reality, maharashtra navnirman sena president raj thackeray on sunday at a rally in shivaji park on occasion of gudi padwa, which is the new year of maharashtrains.
he also urged all political parties to set aside their differences to make anti-modi a common cause for what he described as the larger welfare of people of maharashtra and india.
thackerays address was a concerted attempt to revive the sagging organisation which faced a complete rout in 2014 elections.
he pledged to hold this public rally annually.
today, we have to gear up for the third independence.
all political parties should unite to make modi-mukt bharat a reality, he said.
he said the anger against the modi government stemmed from his betrayal of people who had overwhelmingly reposed faith in his leadership in 2014 lok sabha elections.
he accused the current ruling bjp of plotting designs to trigger hindu-versus-muslim riots in the name of the ram temple to consolidate political one-upmanship.
i suspect there is a larger design being worked to trigger hindu and muslim riots on the ram temple agenda, he said.
they have started the process by bringing the temple agenda to the centre stage and in the supreme court, he said.
while extending mnss support for ram temple, thackeray said, my objection is to their design and politics.
let them talk about the temple post-polls.
in a shift, thackeray was silent about estranged cousin uddhav thackeray and his political party, the shiv sena.
he skipped their mention or politics.
the congress and the ncp did not find any critical mention.
displaying a firm and resolute political agenda to join political forces determined to battle the modi-led government and bjp president amit shah, thackeray evoked an emotive plank to highlight the prejudice against mumbai and maharashtra in the current central regime.
thackeray, whose politics always veered around anti-migrants specially north indians and is seen as pro-marathi, warned of a conspiracy in the government to undermine the identity of mumbai and maharashtra.
be alert, was his caution to mumbaikars.
mns chief raj thackeray while addressing his speech on gudi padwa at shivaji park dadar.
express photo by dilip kagda mns chief raj thackeray while addressing his speech on gudi padwa at shivaji park dadar.
express photo by dilip kagdawhy are all foreign presidents and prime ministers taken to ahmedabad and gujarat.
modi as the prime minister is only promoting his own state gujarat.
why are the foreign heads and the projects not brought in kolkata, chennai or mumbai?
he asked.
pointing out how the first international financial services centre, which was planned in mumbai also got a secondary treatment in bjp regime, he said the prime minister was more concerned about gujarat.
playing on the past gujarat-versus-maharashtra divide, he said, during the creation of maharashtra in 1960, prime minister jawaharlal nehru was under tremendous pressure from then home minister vallabhbai patel to hand over mumbai to the state of gujarat.
but mumbai remained with maharashtra.
this is a wound which they still harbour.
while elaborating the anti mumbai agenda of modi government , thackeray said.
they are out to finish mumbais identity.
the mns leader noted that the modi government was a failure on all fronts, from development to corruption.
how can nirav modi, who committed fraud of rs 11000 crore, escape india.
who facilitated his passport and which airport to make his smooth escape, he asked.
while referring to the alleged corruption in rafale deal, he said there is huge commission of almost rs 600 to 700 crore on each airplane.
the defence minister nirmala seetharam expressed ignorance about domestic partner of french company.
whereas it was a fact when the agreement was signed with india and french, anil ambani was present.
while likening the current situation to emergency, thackeray said: there is attempt to silence the voice of media, judiciary which is detrimental for democracy.
taking a dig at chief minister devendrafadnavis featuring in the river anthem campaign against pollution, he said, the government makes slogans which remain untranslated in reality.
he also accused the state government for failing to tackle farmers and youths problems.
the chief minister said this while making a statement on crop loan waiver in the state legislature assembly, outlining the multi-pronged approach of the government to tackle the agrarian crisis.
the loan waiver, which works out to rs 30,500 crore, is exactly the amount the government has already invested in the agriculture sector to benefit farmers.
crop loss compensation worth rs 8,000 crore was directly transferred to every farmers account, he said.
while assuring the house that he would visit delhi to hold discussions with union finance minister arun jaitley and union agriculture minister radha mohan singh to seek more financial assistance for farmers, fadnavis said, the congress and ncps protest on loan waiver is pure politics and not really intended to serve the larger interests of the farmers.
the congress and ncp are shedding crocodile tears in the name of farmers.
but it is their 15 years misgovernance and wrong policies which have landed the farmers in trouble.
the opposition is responsible for the agriculture crisis in the state.
he said extending a loan waiver to bail out farmers reeling in debt cannot be a lasting solution.
on the contrary, a one-time loan waiver often leads to financial institutions denying farmers crop credit, which is more detrimental to their livelihood, he said.
the congress-ncp wants an immediate crop loan waiver to serve the financial interests of their cooperative banks.
the real objective is not the farmer.
but their concern is to cover up the corruption in the banks by infusing more funds availed through crop loan, he said.
referring to the crop loan offered by the then upa government during the congress-ncp coalition in maharashtra, the chief minister said, in 2008, crop loans were given.
but if we see the statistics, the number of suicides between 2008 and 2014 (during congress-ncp rule) was 1,600 in the state.
while pledging to bring down cases of farmers suicides in the state to zero, fadnavis said, crop loan is just one aspect of any agro problem.
but our shortsightedness driven by politics often has worked to the detriment of farmers.
he asserted that a crop loan waiver will not help stop suicides by farmers.
the government on friday announced a rs 5,000-crore irrigation project to tackle drought in eight vidarbha districts.
the surplus water flowing to telangana from wainganga river will be used to address drought in vidarbha, said chief minister devendra fadnavis.
advertisingfor this purpose, a 480-km tunnel will be built, which will channelise the water towards wardha, yavatmal, akola, amravati, buldhana, washim, chandrapur and gadchiroli districts.
the project will end water problems and enhance the irrigation potential in vidarbha, the cm said while his mahajanadesh yatra was passing through wardha.
the cotton growing belt has registered maximum number of farmer suicides in the last three decades.
earlier, the state government had taken up a similar tunnel project to tackle drought in eight districts of marathwada.
as many as 167 tmc (thousand million cubic feet) water flowing from godavari was channelised to cater to the eight districts.
it is our sincere endeavour to ensure water for irrigation in vidarbha.
we are focusing on infusing higher capital both in irrigation and agriculture sectors, fadnavis said while adding that the project will provide 100 tmc water to these eight districts.
advertisingthe government has ordered a survey for the project.
the decision to adopt tunnel mechanism is to avoid the complexities of land acquisition and rehabilitation.
through the tunnel project, the government also intends to minimise the problems of water leakages and evaporation, the cm said.
in last five years, the centre and the state have approved rs 20,000 crore for irrigation projects.
of these, 99 projects were for vidarbha, he added.
under the prime minister krishi sinchayee yojana, 26 irrigation projects have been enlisted on priority and the 14 distressed districts of vidarbha and marathwada had received rs 10,800 crore aid for irrigation works.
on rs 18,000-crore gosikhurd national irrigation project still lying incomplete even after 32 years, fadnavis said: in the last five years, we gave the gosikhurd project the highest priority.
the project will be completed by 2019-20 and bring 2.
5 lakh hectares under irrigation.
he added that the project has already increased irrigation area from 4,000 to 50,000 hectares.
bhandara, chandrapur and gadchiroli districts would benefit the most.
in a major jolt to the ncp, udayanraje bhosale, its satara mp and the 13th direct descendant of chhatrapati shivaji maharaj, is set to join the bjp on saturday in the presence of prime minister narendra modi in delhi.
advertisingone of the four sitting ncp mps from maharashtra, bhosale would be the first to quit the party, which has been wrecked with desertions in the last two months.
while terming the development good riddance, the sharad pawar-led ncp said that bhosale was at the root of all problems within the partys satara unit.
i received inspiration to carry out social work based on the love and blessings of you all.
hoping the same love and blessings will be there forever with me, bhosale tweeted on friday while posting a poster of the details of his induction ceremony into the bjp on saturday.
according to it, bhosale is set to join the party in the presence of the pm and home minister amit shah.
it will be a proverbial homecoming for bhosale who had won his first election on a bjp ticket in 1998.
he subsequently went on to serve as a minister in the bjp-shiv sena government.
a fallout with the bjp saw him joining the ncp and he went on to represent satara thrice since the 2009 lok sabha elections on a ncp ticket.
advertisingwith the congress-ncps fortunes falling, bhosale had been contemplating a switch for the last few months.
a decline in his winning margin in the 2019 lok sabha elections had set off alarms bells ringing for bhosale, who as the direct descendant of the maratha warrior king, draws immense clout in his constituency.
in the elections, bhosale had won by a margin of around 1,30,000 votes  significantly lower than his 2014 margin of about 3,66,000 votes.
following the slide, he had raised doubts about evms.immediately after the polls, he had offered to resign and sought re-election through ballot system.
bhosale then took to criticising the previous congress-ncp government, accusing it of creating obstacles in the progress of his constituency.
on wednesday, bhosale had met sharad pawar and it was speculated that he had decided against quitting the ncp.
however, sources said he met pawar to seek his blessings and thank him for his support during his time in the party.
bhosale will resign as mp and seek re-election, his close aide milind gaiwkad said.
udayanraje will fly to delhi from pune, accompanied by chief minister devendrafadnavis , in a chartered plan he will submit his resignation to the lok sabha speaker, he added.
meanwhile, ncp spokesperson nawab malik underplayed bhosales exit.
its good riddance for us.
henceforth, there will be no trouble in our satara unit he was at the centre of all troubles afflicting the party in satara district, he said.
sources said the delay in bhosale joining the bjp was caused due to several conditions he set, including his insistence on joining the party in the presence of the prime minister.
bjp leaders said bhosales entry will strengthen the party not just in satara but across maharashtra.
his entry will help the party consolidate maratha votes.
since he is shivajis direct descendant, he commands immense respect among the people in maharashtra, a leader said.
maharashtra congress president balasaheb thorat exuded confidence that the congress-ncp alliance will win 160 seats and form the government at the upcoming vidhan sabha elections.
advertisingwe are confident that we will win 160 seats and return to power, thorat said at a press conference at patrakar bhavan on saturday.
his comments came in the wake of claims made by the bjp that their alliance will win 220 seats and decimate the congress-ncp alliance.
asked if the prakash ambedkar-led vanchit bahujan aghadi (vba) will be a part of the congress-ncp alliance, thorat said they had written to the vba, seeking a discussion with them.
advertisingthey have replied to our letter.
the communication through letters is underway, he said.
the presence of vba candidates had led to a loss of nine lok sabha seats for the congress-ncp alliance.
regarding a meeting of congress leader harshavardhan patil with chief minister devendrafadnavis , which has led to speculations of patil joining the bjp, thorat said his permission was taken.
patil had met in connection with the release of a book the book will be released by ncp chief sharad pawar and the chief minister will be present for it.
patil had taken my permission before meeting the cm, he said.
regarding the central government resorting to amend the rti act, thorat said, this is another example of how the central government is trying to control democratic institutions.
they are now trying to control the salaries and tenures of rti commissioners, he said.
slamming the all-round failure of the state and central governments, thorat said, unemployment has risen during the tenure of the current governments.
the drought situation has worsened.
the farmers are protesting daily.
industries are fearing to set up shop, especially after demonetisation.
the people have lost trust in the governments, he said.
the savitribai phule pune university (sppu) sunday attempted to create a guinness world record by distributing 16,631 saplings of neem to volunteers of the national service scheme (nss), linked to more than 350 colleges.
the saplings are likely to be planted along the pune-pandharpur pilgrimage route taken by warkaris during ashadhi wari, said university officials.
advertisingwith the record attempt, the sppu announced the start of its green wari initiative, which combines ecological awareness with the larger objective of promoting conservation of water resources and regenerating the tree cover.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , pune guardian minister chandrakant patil, mayor mukta tilak, district collector naval kishore ram and sspu vice chancellor nitin karmalkar, among others, were present at the event.
fadnavis, who also administered an oath to participating nss volunteers for ensuring a green wari this year, said the pilgrimage has a tradition of more than 700 years and it should be a matter of privilege for students to be able to contribute towards making the journey of warkaris easier and more fulfilling.
advertisingvc karmalkar said, attempting the world record is not a goal in itself.
the goal is to make the wari more environmentally friendly.
we have lined up several events throughout the wari days to ensure that pollution levels and plastic use goes down while making the journey more enriching for participants.
rajesh pande, member of the sppus management council, said nss volunteers from various colleges under the sppu will also conduct awareness drives, cleanliness campaigns and health camps over the next month.
he said the university will distribute at least 50 lakh disposable leaf plates (patravali) to warkaris to save water, which would otherwise be wasted to wash metal plates.
also, think of the detergent that will not go down in the earth due to this, said pande, adding that the leaf plates will then be converted into manure.
the green wari programme will continue till july 15.
the students of sppus nss unit started their own dindi (groups participating in the wari) several years ago with an aim to participate in socially productive work, and experience a tradition in the state that has been practised for over seven hundred years.
how the record was attemptedaccording to officials, the record for the most saplings distributed in a day is held by habitat schools, ajman, uae, which was achieved in april 2019.
at that time, 9,371 saplings of sesbania grandiflora, which is known in maharashtra as shevri, were distributed.
to break the record, at least 20,000 neem saplings were procured from nurseries around pune.
the university began planning to set this record more than six months ago.
on sunday, students from more than 350 colleges linked to the university reached the campus early in the morning.
each student was given a sapling at every entry to the university premises.
their entry was recorded with a bar-coded wristband.
although we had planned for 20,000 students, by the time the event started, only 16,631 students had entered the premises after collecting their sapling.
these saplings are 1.
5 years old and 1.
5-feet-tall.
every student who has received the sapling will be responsible for planting it at a designated stretch on the wari route and taking care of it for the next five years, said mohan waman, principal of dy patil college, akurdi and nss and students welfare advisor for sppu.
students were placed in a grid formation.
at least a dozen entry points were formed from where the students could enter the premises and be counted with the help of the bar-coded wristband system.
there was a led screen to display every students number.
students battle thirst, organisers point at guinnesson sunday, students started arriving at the venue early in the morning while the event started only around 11.
30 am in the presence of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
by that time, students, who were sitting in open, started complaining of thirst.
the organisers, however, said they could not provide water to students as the guinness rules prohibit use of plastic at the venue of record attempt.
students had to battle thirst until the event finished by 12.
30 pm.
the data has worried the state government, which is keen to provide easy bank access to enhance agriculture loan disbursements to farmers in rural areas.
(file photo) the data has worried the state government, which is keen to provide easy bank access to enhance agriculture loan disbursements to farmers in rural areas.
(file photo)mumbai, the financial capital of india, remains the most preferred destination when it comes to disbursement of credits as well as banking operations, according to the annual report (2018-19) of the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard).
of the total 3,970 branches opened by various banks between april 2016 and march 2017, 3,900 were in mumbai alone, the report says.
of the total 15,073 branches across maharashtra, 12,904 are in mumbai and its suburbs.
almost 40 per cent of the deposits are concentrated in mumbai and its suburbs, it says.
the data has worried the state government, which is keen to provide easy bank access to enhance agriculture loan disbursements to farmers in rural areas.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has voiced his concerns to the state level bankers committee (slbc).
a source in nabard said, the cm has sought measures to bridge the infrastructure gap.
farmers should have easy access to the banking system and enhanced allocations for crop loans and allied agriculture activities should reflect in the crop credit disbursement.
there are 1.
37 crore farmers in the state.
of these, 78.
6 per cent are small and medium farmers with land holding size less than two hectares.
the farm credit for 2018-19 has been fixed at rs 62,763.
37 crore taking into consideration 232.
73 lakh hectares under cultivation.
a secretary in the ministry of cooperation and marketing said, the biggest challenge for the administration is to make the banks accessible to needy farmers across 355 talukas in 35 districts, excluding mumbai.
the maximum disbursement of agriculture and allied funds also goes to mumbai and its suburbs, which needs to be tackled through corrective measures.
the government wants the slbc to ensure at least 80 per cent farmers, especially small and marginal, are brought into the financial institutional mechanism in 2018-19.
a senior nabard official said, the credit disbursement imbalance is an outcome of greater allocations provided to non-farming sectors in the last 10 years.
this automatically puts mumbai (suburbs) much higher compared to any other backward regions of vidarbha or marathwada.
mumbai (suburbs) corners almost 52.
37 per cent of the total rs 3.
7 lakh crore under priority sector.
though mumbai has zero crop loan, credit disbursement under agriculture and allied activities makes it eligible for credit loan.
however, when it comes to analysing just crop loan disbursement for rs 62,763.
37 crore, western maharashtra leads with 33.
92 per cent.
whereas, marathwada has 24.
47 per cent and vidarbha 24.
34 per cent.
shiv sena ministers have submitted a memorandum to chief minister devendrafadnavis , seeking loan waiver for farmers in the state.
environment minister ramdas kadam said, if the centre can promise loan waiver for farmers in uttar pradesh if voted to power, why cant they do the same in maharashtra.
to keep up pressure on the government in the run-up to the bmc polls, the sena ministers indicated they were ready to submit their resignations from the government.
the panvel civic body elections are set to witness a triangular fight between the shiv sena, the bjp and the peasants and workers party (pwp)  which has formed an alliance with the congress and the nationalist congress party (ncp).
this will be the first election of the the panvel municipal corporation (pmc), which was formed in october last year.
despite the bjps keenness on forming an alliance with the sena, the sena chose to maintain silence on it till saturday, the last day of filing nominations.
besides, union minister ramdas athawale-led republican party of india (rpi), the bjp has been able to get the support of jogendra kawade-led peoples republican party (prp).
prp had been with the congress since 2014 lok sabha polls.
sena has also got mp raju shetty-led swabhimani shetkari sanghtana (sss) as an alliance partner for the polls.
interestingly, the sss has been with the bjp since the lok sabha polls and its leader sadabhau khot is a minister of state in the bjp-led government in maharashtra.
while sena has fielded 65 candidates, the sss has fielded 13 candidates for the polls.
the pwp, which has a committed voter base in panvel area, has fielded 48 candidates, congress 18 and ncp 12.
the bjp, meanwhile, has fielded all 78 candidates for the civic elections.
the sss and sena have been on the same page when it comes to the farm loan waiver.
in panvel, a large number of people have migrated from western maharashtra, where sss has a strong presence.
these people, mainly children of the farmers, are in favour of the farm loan waiver.
we hope this will help us, said adesh bandekar, senas secretary and in-charge of raigad district.
sources in the sena said, after the polls were announced, the bjp had given an offer of 20 of the total 78 seats to the sena initially and then revised it with 22 seats.
however, party leaders did not respond to it, a sena leader added.
another leader from the party said that following the directions from party president uddhav thackeray, a taskforce of 20 leaders, which includes senior party leaders, mlas and corporators, has been formed.
the party has huge following in areas such as kamothe, kalmboli and old panvel wherein, people have migrated from mumbai.
besides, the bpt workers, people from konkan and western maharashtra, who are sena sympathisers, are also in good numbers, added the leader.
a senior sena leader said the party wants to focus on the 2019 polls.
our aim is to take the partys symbol into the entire constituency for the next assembly polls.
it may not have any immediate result but will help in the long run, the leader added.
however, the bjp is banking on urban voters, which had voted for the party in the recently-held municipal corporations and zilla parishad polls.
besides, it is campaigning with chief minister devendrafadnavis as its face and the issue of transparency in civic body as it poll plank.
regions like panvel old city and areas under the cidco  kharghar, kamothe, kalmboli, new panvel, taloja and 29 adjoining villages  are under the civic body.
b'the inquiry report into allegations of irregularities in allotment of a prime plot in bandra to associated journals ltd (ajl) was submitted to maharashtra government monday.
sources said the report pointed out violations at various levels, including repeated extensions granted to the company despite the latter not building anything on the land.
some violations in fsi were also pointed out, said sources.
chief minister devendrafadnavis had appointed senior ias officer gautam chatterjee to look into allegations that repeated change in land use norms for the bandra plot was allowed arbitrarily over a period spanning nearly three decades.
the 3,478-square metre plot along western express highway was originally allotted in 1983 to ajl, the company that once published the national herald, the newspaper launched by jawaharlal nehru.
the allotment was originally for a nehru memorial, library and printing press.
the report pointed out that rules allowed the state government to take back such land if the allottee did not begin to use it for the purpose allotted.
despite this, various congress-led governments not only permitted ajl the time extensions but also allowed change in usage norms as a special case.
while the urban development department granted ajl permission to construct an 11-storey commercial building in 2003, building permissions were sought and received only in 2013.
at the mahajanadesh yatra commencing from august 1, chief minister devendrafadnavis is going to make a bold assertion of states transformation from magnetic maharashtra to new maharashtra.
advertisingin 2014, after taking reins of the state government, the priority was to restore the confidence of people to reaffirm the leadership status of maharashtra in core sectors.
the reforms undertaken in the last five years are cited as a giant step towards accomplishing the goal of magnetic maharashtra.
mahajanadesh yatra will be an exercise to interact with people and convey the reforms enforced in last five years and also apprise them about the roadmap ahead towards new maharashtra, fadnavis said.
advertisingthe cm will cover 150 assembly constituencies of the total 288 across the state.
during the month-long yatra, the chief minister intends to outline the agenda of self-reliance for youth, women, and farmers which mark new maharashtra.
the theme on the lines of new india which was reinforced during 2019 lok sabha is aimed at creating awareness amongst the people to reckon the larger and ambitious inclusive politics and good governance under the leadership of fadnavis.
what sets magnetic maharashtra apart from new maharashtra is the degree in carrying forward new goals to defined definite destination.
five years ago, fadnavis emphasised on connect and communication.
the effort was to instil the confidence amongst people and investors in maharashtra.
in the backdrop of congress and ncp regime, which entangled itself in corruption and earned the tag of policy paralysis, bjp had to reassure their government would bring sushashan or good governance, a senior bjp functionary said.
having set the pace of reforms in motion in key sectors from industries to agriculture, the party is ready to shift its gear.
now through new maharashtra, it wants to stress on larger structural socio-economic and political issues.
citing an example, the leader said, in new maharashtra, we are meticulously drawing plans to achieve ambitious one trillion dollar economy by the year 2025.
or even before that by 2024.
it is really bold but not impossible.
sustaining state gross domestic product (gsdp) at 15.
5 per cent for next five years will require assertive policy reforms.
while acknowledging shrinking agriculture landholding remains a concern, government will push contract and group farming model.
the reforms in agriculture markets will be enforced to open global markets for individual small and marginal farmers living in distant remote villages or hamlets.
the higher capital investment will be in addressing the permanent agriculture infrastructure instead on one time sops.
the expenditure in agriculture and allied sector together will have to bring higher growth beyond 8 to 12 per cent.
the stress on employment generation will be linked with rural economy which will get greater boost to ensure 55 per cent population is not urban dependent on urban economy for livelihood.
the highlight of the yatra will be pushing more reforms with greater zeal to bridge the gap between urban and rural economy, livelihood and employment.
the regional disparity, it believes, can be wiped through socio-economic growth.
therefore, 14 distressed districts in vidarbha and marathwada region will have its distinct agro-economic model.
as sources pointed, food processing linked to crops and horticulture region-wise would be mapped to attack more investments.
state agriculture minister anil bonde has already drawn a plan.
advertisingthe chief ministers yatra, beginning from mojhari in amravati district, will cover 44 assembly constituencies across 1242 km, 34 constituencies across 633 km in north maharashtra, 28 constituencies through 1069 km across marathwada, 29 constituencies across 821 km in western maharashtra, and 15 constituencies across 638 km in konkan.
the two-phase yatra will conclude on august 31.
advertisingon june 21, sawant, who is a general secretary with the state congress, had posted a sarcastic tweet about ministers in the state government.
soon, sawant said, trolls, who called themselves supporters of the bjp, put up abusive posts about him on twitter, in which they also threatened him and his family.
leader of opposition vijay wadettiwar raised the issue during the zero hour and demanded a strict action be taken against the people from whose accounts the offensive posts were made.
fadnavis, who handles the home department, said such trolling wont be tolerated.
he said the cyber crime cell (of mumbai police) will be directed to take action against the culprits.
fadnavis also said there was a need to tighten cyber laws and ensure that such abuse stops.
he added, in recent times, there has been an increase in use of abusive language on social media.
laws in this regard need to be strengthened.
the government will look to remove the ambiguities and strictest action would be taken against everyone irrespective of their political affiliation.
b'deonar dummping ground, deonar.
express photo by vasant prabhu deonar dummping ground, deonar.
express photo by vasant prabhufor four days, a massive fire swept through mumbais biggest garbage dumping ground, where heaps of waste that comes in at 5,500 tonnes daily now stand as tall as five-storey buildings.
the most challenging part of the firemens operation ended monday, though sporadic pocket fires continued to break out.
mumbais air quality remained hit by the cloud of toxic smoke billowing out of suburban deonar.
on monday, it saw a marginal improvement from last weeks 341 to 308, though still in the very poor category.
but the larger firefighting moved to the brihanmumbai municipal corporation headquarters, where bureaucrats and politicians admitted that poor coordination between the municipality and the state government, a vexed matter until 2014 with the previous congress-ncp government jousting on civic affairs with the shiv sena-bjp that rules the municipality, had allowed a crisis around deonar to grow.
chief minister devendrafadnavis himself tweeted about this blaze, which also sent central mumbai residents, at least 15 km from the fire, scurrying to doctors with shortness of breath, cough and lung infections.
i have asked for a report on the reasons and lapses behind the incident and the measures that should be taken, said municipal commissioner ajoy mehta, who visited the site, accompanied by the bmcs top bureaucracy.
he ordered officials to build a road using debris to make access easier for firemen.
a ground that shouldnt be deonar dumping ground, a sprawl of about 132 hectares with slum colonies at its fringes and middle-class housing colonies a few hundred metres away, should not have been ablaze this week.
with eight decades of garbage and toxic leachates, it should have been on its way to scientific closure.
in 2009, a rs 3,700-crore contract for partial closure of the dump and building an integrated waste management facility was given to united phosphorus.
disputes arose in 2010 over not installing the compost plant.
a penalty was imposed, but the dispute was never settled and the project never took off.
bmc officials say they wrote several reminders to the government, seeking its nod for the contractors condition for a lease on the land before starting work.
the previous government did not take a decision for years.
the bmc filed an affidavit in bombay high court stating the state had to take a decision, said a senior official, requesting anonymity.
due to politics and vested interests, the then congress-ncp government sat on the proposal for six years, said manoj kotak, a bjp corporator.
the contractor continued to operate the ground from 2009 until monday and charged the bmc a fee for accepting the garbage.
after the bjp-sena took over in 2014, the new government took a decision to scrap the contract.
starting now, the bmc will handle the operations itself.
the contractor was getting huge money for doing what the bmcs own men and previous contractors were anyway doing for years previously.
ideally, the contract should have been terminated three or four years back when a high court-appointed investigation team submitted a report pointing out flaws in the contract, a very senior bureaucrat in the government said.
both firms in the joint venture that had the contract  united phosphorus and tatva global environment  declined to comment.
the ground that is fire brigade officials who have been at the site almost 24  7 since friday said they found it near-impossible to navigate fire engines through uneven and slushy garbage.
there is only one route where our vehicles can ply, a fireman said monday.
also, access to areas where pocket fires still broke out was only for fire engines with a capacity of 4,000 litres, not for larger ones of 20,000 litres.
the operations included turning over heaps of garbage and dousing them to prevent pocket fires.
each heap is like a building emanating methane and other hazardous gases adding to the heat, said another fire brigade officer.
firemen say it may be another four days before cooling operations end.
right now, we are not fighting fire but dealing with the collateral damage.
the smoke has caused a lot of environmental worries.
the sporadic fires in dumping grounds are a phenomenon seen worldwide due to the reigniting of methane.
we are currently dealing with that, said chief fire officer p rahangdale.
on tuesday, the fire brigade will use magnesium chloride for cooling.
the area is generating immense heat.
nobody can assure us it will not happen again, said one resident of the neighbourhood.
s r maley, an expert in garbage management, said the process of selecting the consultant and contractor was questionable.
deonar dumping ground has exceeded all limits of garbage without any kind of treatment.
the main cause of the fire is the methane gas, and one day it can just explode and kill people, said maley, a member of a high court-appointed committee on municipal solid waste.
rahil qamar siddique, a doctor at rajiv gandhi medical centre at shivaji nagar near the ground, said there was a spurt in the number of patients visiting him since the fire started.
samajwadi party corporator rais shaikh said the fire and the concomitant problems of pollution must be seen in the light of the larger failure of the bmc to manage the dumping ground.
civic officials said decision-making on what to do with the growing environmental hazard at deonar dumping ground over the years was stalled by an inquiry by the state government, ordered in 2013, over the appointment of the contractor.
even with an allocation of over rs 376 crore in 2015-2016 for solid waste management, the bmc finds itself tripped up by the worst headlines the countrys richest municipality has faced in recent years, just ahead of the state governments big push to showcase the city as a global hub.
b'maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
(source: pti/file) maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
(source: pti/file)the chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the government will reconstitute the project affected peoples relief and rehabilitation authority which had become defunct for the last six years during the congress-ncp government.
fadnavis has turned his attention to address the problems faced by the project affected persons on humanitarian grounds through firm administrative reforms.
what has caused major anguish to the chief minister is the failure of the previous governments to deliver justice to several lakh project displaced persons whose land was acquired for irrigation projects such as koyna, jayakwadi, gosikhurd amongst others across western maharashtra, north maharashtra, marathwada, vidarbha and konkan regions.
the list of project affected includes sizable population whose land was acquired for irrigation work in 1960s and 70s.
watch video: whats making newsthe chief minister confirmed, yes, we are going to set up a full-fledged authority to expedite the relief and rehabilitation of the people who have been displaced due to projects.
the objective is to provide more teeth to the authority to ensure justice to every individual who has been displaced because of the project and not given justice for the last six decades.
according to statistics there are almost 30 lakh people who have been displaced in the last six decades due to various public welfare projects across maharashtra.
however, data shows, almost 80 per cent of these paps are due to land acquired from the farmers or individuals for irrigation projects.
maharashtra project affected peoples relief and rehabilitation authority (mpaprra) is chaired by the chief minister of state and has members including two representatives from the project affected persons across 36 districts of state.
the pap relief and rehabilitation act has been in existence since 1986.
the role of mpaprra is to facilitate alternative dwelling complete with civic infrastructure to the paps, whose land has been acquired for welfare projects.
senior bjp leader madhav bhandari said, what is really shocking is that project affected people have been deprived off their rights in almost all the irrigation projects which were sanctioned by the congress-ncp government in last six decades.
in a single district of satara (western maharashtra), there are 29 irrigation projects where people are still fighting for their rights.
many of these projects had started in 1960s and 70s.
however, their next generation is fighting for the compensation, he added.
taking cognisance of the state of project displaced persons, fadnavis has decided to streamline the authority which would then district wise look at the problems of the people and provide an alternative.
while mpaprra will be the nodal authority, there will be sub-committees which would be constituted at revenue divisions and taluka levels where ever there are sizable population requiring relocation or facing systemic problems.
fadnavis has also directed the water resources ministry and ministry of finance to accord highest priority to irrigation projects whose works have been 75 per cent complete with problems related to project affected persons.
the water resources department said, there are total total 515 ongoing irrigation projects of which 85 were started 30 years ago, 61 projects 20 years ago, 78 projects ten years ago, 179 projects five years ago and 11 projects less than five years ago.
all these projects are facing the issues related to pap.
the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) is yet to acquire a single plot of land for metro car sheds, said sources, even as many city roads have been barricaded for the construction of five metro corridors  two are slated to be opened to the public in mid-2020.
advertisingmmrda sources said the non-availability of car sheds is likely to delay metro operations.
if car sheds are not available, mechanical work cannot be carried out, said senior mmrda official.
out of the five corridors being built by mmrda, up to 80 per cent of the civil work has been completed for two, officials claimed.
they are metro 7, which will connect andheri east to dahisar east, and metro 2a connecting dahisar to d n nagar.
plots for metro lines 7 and 2aadvertisingfor metro line 7, the mmrda is yet to acquire a parcel of land in dahisar, which belongs to the airport authority of india (aai).
the aai had 40 acres in dahisar which was supposed to be transferred to mmrda, in return for which the authority would hand over a 40-acre plot in gorai.
but two years later, action is still awaited due to a legal hurdle.
a senior mmrda official said there was confusion about the gorai plot including 50 hectares that had been reserved for a law university.
due to the confusion, a pil was filed and a court stayed the transfer of land.
chief minister devendrafadnavis held a meeting in which it was decided to present before the court that our land andthat reserved for a law university is different.
the matter is being followed up by the law department.
we paid some amount to the aai when we entered the agreement.
soon, the matter will be resolved, the official said.
for the 2a metro line, a car shed is planned in malvani but the mmrda is yet to acquire the necessary land.
metro lines 4, 6the work of metro line 4, wadala-thane-kasarvadavali, has been picking up and the corridor is set to be completed six months before its 2023 deadline, according to mmrda commissioner r a rajeev.
but in this case as well, the mmrda is yet to finalise land for a car shed.
in 2018, the mmrda had proposed to acquire a plot in thane to build the car shed for the 32.
5-km metro line 4.
to run the line smoothly, the mmrda had proposed two car sheds: one is planned in thane, the other in wadala.
in thane, the mmrda was in talks to get land in mogarpadha.
of a 200-acre plot in the area, the government had allotted around 100 acres to 108 farmers.
however, the mmrda is claiming that the farmers have now encroached on the remaining 100 acres.
we need 40 acres of land from that plot, but due to local resistance, we failed to acquire it, said a senior mmrda engineer.
advertisingfor metro line 6, which will connect jogeshwari to kanjurmarg, a car shed was planned on salt pan land in kanjurmarg.
but so far, the matter of the salt pan land is not finalised, so we are planning to shift the car shed to goregaon, the official said.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)even as the decision by the maharashtra government to announce a complete loan waiver for farmers was met with euphoria among farmers, detractors said nothing additional had been announced beyond the promises made when chief minister devendrafadnavis met protesting farmers on june 3.
sceptics have claimed that the entire process has been an eyewash and the systemic changes that farmers were seeking in the way the agrarian economy functioned have been left unattended.
this is equivalent to putting a terminally ill patient on saline drip.
this is not going to help farmers in the long run.
these promises are similar to what were made on june 3, which were unacceptable to farmers then.
it is surprising how the very same promises are being accepted by leaders now, said dr giridhar patil, a member of the farmers core committee who refrained from attending sundays meet.
on june 3, fadnavis after his talks with a delegation of protesting farmers had announced a loan waiver that was to be effective from october 31, 2017, and restricted to small and marginal farmers with landholdings of 5 acres.
this was unacceptable to farmers.
on sunday, the government-appointed committee announced a blanket loan waiver for farmers but was yet to formalise rules on which farmers would be eligible for the waiver.
it has however waived the loans of small and marginal farmers with immediate effect who will now be eligible to seek new loans.
the parameters of who will benefit apart from small landholders has not been decided.
my gut feeling is that when the parameters come out, very few farmers who are out of the bracket of small and marginal farmers will benefit.
we had been receiving the same sops from the government earlier as well, which we chose not to accept.
we should have demanded fundamental and intrinsic changes in the way an exploitative agrarian sector works.
we however have chosen not to do it and the plight of farmers will remain the same, patil said.
there had been increasing dissension within the farmers movement, which comprised 35 political and social organisations, on what issues they were fighting for.
a group led by patil had been seeking fundamental changes in the way agrarian economy was allowed to function in the state and was against agitating for sops and loan waivers.
the group comprising anil dhanwat, ramchandra bapu patil and dr budhajirao mulik had not even attended the preparatory meeting of the core committee saturday before it met the government.
for a neo liberal party like bjp, farmers do not constitute its core support base.
it will not go out of its way to help them.
the government spoke about increasing the price of milk.
we all know that milk cooperatives are run by congress and ncp (leaders), which will bear the burden of this increased cost.
the stage will not lose a dime in this decision.
in todays situation, this farmers agitation was hijacked by politicians who are now willing to compromise with whatever the government offers and claim it as their victory, said another senior leader of the agitation who did not wish to be named.
incidentally, there have been a spate of messages on social media against leaders who have dissented against the core committee.
days after the suicide of dr payal tadvi, nagpur-based dr babasaheb ambedkar national students federation had on may 26 appealed to chief minister devendrafadnavis for implementation of the recommendations of a three-member committee constituted in aiims, delhi, to inquire into allegations of differential treatment of sc/st students at the institute.
advertisingthe panel, headed by professor sukhdeo thorat, had dr k m shyamprasad and dr r k shrivastava as its members.
it was set up in 2007 by then prime minister manmohan singh.
read | payal tadvi suicide case: mumbai doctor rare talent in small communitythe committee had recommended that institutes should set up a joint committee, comprising students, residents and faculties, to study the social atmosphere on the campus.
sc/st students should be nominated as representatives on all committees dealing with matters related to students.
it had also suggested that the governing body of the institute should take necessary steps to develop mechanisms for social harmony, including setting up of an sc/st cell with a liaison officer, a grievance cell for students and a counselling committee.
explained | who are tadvi bhil muslims?
advertisingfederation president dr siddhant bharne said that the recommendations can be implemented in any government medical college and hospital.
unfortunately, no medical college in maharashtra followed the recommendations, he said, adding that the situation prevailing in nair hospital could be found in most medical colleges, especially private.
a senior bmc official, however, said the setting up of an sc/st committee is not mandatory for medical colleges.
member of maharashtra state scheduled caste/scheduled tribe commission, justice c l thool, too, said it is not mandatory for a college to have an sc/st committee.
when contacted, nair hospital dean dr r n bharmal said, whenever there is a complaint of caste discrimination, we forward it to the police.
or a student can directly approach the police.
in a medical college, an anti-ragging committee only looks into harassment and ragging complaints.
despite repeated attempts, maharashtra university of health sciences registrar k d chavan could not be reached for comment.
prime minister narendra modi (file photo) prime minister narendra modi (file photo)hours after the union cabinet decided to do away with red beacons on top of officials cars, prime minister narendra modi on wednesday said, every indian is special.
every indian is a vip.
the prime minister was responding to a tweet that hailed his governments decision to remove red beacons atop official cars.
while responding to comments on twitter, pm modi also said that it was out of touch with the spirit of new india.
the prime ministers response comes after the union cabinet decision today to ban red beacons atop vehicles of vvips, including the prime minister, president and vice president.
many cabinet ministers, such as transport minister nitin gadkari, commerce minister nirmala sitharaman, as well as maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , have already removed red beacons from their official cars.
the decision is to be implemented by may 1.
also read: why 2001 attack on parliament prompted delhi police to crackdown on the illegal use of red beaconswhile briefing the press regarding the decision, finance minister arun jaitley had said, a red light can be carried in vehicles of high dignitaries specified by the central and state government.
now, neither in state or centre the government will be able to nominate any members to use the red beacon.
there are no exceptions.
he added that the rule will not apply to the fire brigade, ambulance services, police vehicles and other emergency services, which will be allowed to use the blue beacon.
the ban will apply to the prime minister, all union ministers, chief ministers, state cabinet ministers, bureaucrats and judges in the high court and supreme court.
the union cabinets decision comes close on the heels of the uttar pradesh and punjab governments decision against the use of lal batti on official cars.
marathi actress deepali sayyad was unable to get off to a winning start on her political debut.
she had lost the lok sabha election from ahmednagar in 2014.
but buzz is rife that she is now gearing up for her second attempt.
sources said that sayyad, who is currently also the women president of vinayak mete-led shivsangram, is interested in contesting the upcoming state poll from the srigonda assembly seat in ahmednagar.
sayyad herself dropped a hint regarding it this past week when she sat on a two-day hunger strike over a water supply issue pertaining to the constituency.
she ended her strike on sunday after the government took note of her protest and issued some assurances.
advertisingbad timing, minister!
bad timing or wrong place, vips and selfies are not always a hit.
water resources minister girish mahajan is the latest one to get into trouble over the selfie fad.
two videos where the minister is seen smiling and cheerfully waving to the camera in tragedy-hit kolhapur have, for obvious reasons, taken the social media by storm.
the opposition too has berated mahajans act as being ill-timed and insensitive.
and though the chief minister has publicly defended his senior minister, sources said he was annoyed by the controversy and gave mahajan a piece of his mind.
drop outthe ongoing rescue efforts in flood-hit western maharashtra have forced chief minister devendrafadnavis to drop out of a delegation of chief ministers to vladivostok, russia.
a delegation of bjp cms, led by union commerce and industries minister piyush goyal, flew to the russian city on saturday to set the stage for prime minister narendra modis visit to the far east region of russia for the eastern economic forum in september.
while fadnavis was originally part of the touring party, he had to drop out at the last minutes.
the cms who left for russia with goyal included yogi adityanath (up), manohar lal khattar (haryana), vijay rupani (gujarat), and pramod sawant (goa).
wings clippedthe congress may have elevated balasaheb thorat to its party presidents post in maharashtra, but sources said his wings have been clipped.
with not much time left for the state polls, the congress is not in a mood to undertake a major organisational reshuffle in the state, forcing thorat to work with party functionaries handpicked by his predecessor ashok chavan.
incidentally, chavan seems to have a better media presence after stepping down from the post.
advertisingall for a voteas kolhapur and sangli were getting battered by continuous rain and floods, political parties got locked in a petty credit war.
the nationalist congress party first attacked the ruling bjp after bags of wheat and rice meant for flood victims in sangli were found to have stickers with photos of cm devendrafadnavis and partys ichalkaranji mla suresh halvankar.
the bjp countered it, tweeting a photograph where ncps state president jayant patils photo was pasted on relief material.
both were slammed on social media.
miffed over the controversy, fadnavis rebuked his party mla and has asked party leaders to ensure pictures of any person or leader arent portrayed on relief material.
assembly polls in the state are due in october.
invisible ministerduring his visit to flood-hit sangli, relief and rehabilitation minister subhash deshmukh had to face the wrath of the people.
the opposition, too, has targetted him for missing in action.
while deshmukh has refuted the allegations, we can tell you that questions are being raised over his role in disaster management.
most senior bureaucrats and bjps own minister are of the opinion that he ought to have played a more proactive role.
on the eve of the launch of his mass outreach programme aimed at building momentum ahead of the assembly elections, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday reiterated the bjp and the shiv sena would contest together unlike 2014.
advertisingspeaking at a function after inducting four mlas of the congress and the ncp into the bjp, the chief minister said the bjp, the sena and allies parties would like to break the record of winning maximum number of seats in the state polls.
fadnavis statement has put to rest the rumours, at least for now, that the saffron allies might contest separately to accommodate turncoats of the congress and the ncp.
the sharad pawar-led ncp has witnessed a string of desertions in the recent past.
on tuesday, three mlas of the ncp and one of the congress resigned from the state legislative assembly.
advertisingthey joined the bjp in the presence of the chief minister and state bjp president chandrakant patil on wednesday morning.
the three ncp mlas who switched their loyalties are shivendraraje bhosale from satara, sandeep naik from airoli in navi mumbai, and vaibhav pichad from akole in ahmednagar district.
the lone congress mla is kalidas kolambkar from wadala in mumbai.
the bjp, the shiv sena and allied parties will contest the assembly elections jointly.
we want to break the record of winning the maximum number of seats in maharashtra, the chief minister said.
pointing out the likely discord over sharing of seats, a bjp leader said vaibhav and kolambkar have been generally contesting against opponents from the sena from their respective constituencies of akole and wadala.
as they have joined the bjp, the party will most likely field them from their respective constituencies in the assembly polls.
a million dollar question is will the shiv sena be ready to share those seats with the bjp?
he said.
fadnavis is embarking on a month-long mahajanadesh yatra beginning from amravati district in east maharashtra on thursday.
the yatra will culminate in nashik in north maharashtra on august 31.
the saffron alliance in maharashtra has survived various vicissitudes in the past.
the bjp and the shiv sena had contested the 2014 elections separately, but joined hands later to form a bjp-led government.
in the keenly-fought polls, the bjp had won 122 out of total 288 seats and the shiv sena 63.
the congress and the ncp had won 42 and 41 seats, respectively.
b'the one-man team will to go from village to village to do a reality check and submit its report directly to the chief minister.
the one-man team will to go from village to village to do a reality check and submit its report directly to the chief minister.
in a bid to curb the rising number of farmer suicides and to find out whether the government schemes are actually reaching the farmer families, a special one-man team  on the directives of chief minister devendrafadnavis  sunday began a stock-taking mission in the drought-hit marathwada region.
the one-man team will to go from village to village to do a reality check and submit its report directly to the chief minister.
the chief minister has asked kishore tiwari, who heads the state government-appointed vasantrao naik sheti swavlamban mission, to take charge of this mission.
from today, i will be visiting as many as 300 villages in three districts of osmanabad, nanded and latur.
the first phase of the mission will last till april 8, said tiwari.
in the second phase, tiwari added, the remaining parts of marathwada will be covered.
i will try to find out the exact reason as to why farmers commit suicide.
is is because of crop failure or financial constraints.
or is it due to harassment by the banks, said tiwari.
on sunday, tiwari landed at omri village in nanded taluka to meet a family of a farmer who committed suicide a few months ago.
i spoke to the family.
they told me that the bread earner ended his life due to crop failure as result of poor monsoon, he said.
besides understanding farmer suicides, tiwari said, the mission is aimed at taking a closer look at various government schemes being implemented in the parched districts.
all efforts will be made to find out whether wheat and rice given at subsidised rates are reaching the farmer families, if the crop insurance scheme covers all farmers, whether farmers are availing the health schemes specially designed for them, he said.
tiwari plans to keep all political leaders away from this mission, and take help from local villagers and activists working in the area.
i dont want anything to be staged.
efforts are on to find out the truth, he added.
when contacted, beed district collector naval kishore ram said whenever the team visits, beed it will find that a lot of effort has been made in the district to ensure that all government schemes reach farmers.
whether it is tackling fodder shortage, water shortage, critical healthcare or ensuring implementation of crop insurance scheme, beed district has led from the front, he said.
in the past few months, farmer suicides were also down by half compared to last year, he said.
meanwhile, mim mla imtiaz jaleel said tiwari should visit fodder camps and cattle camps as well.
here, he will realise what all is wrong.
the duplicacy of names will show the kind of racket that is being run here.
the reality check, if carried out honestly, would expose the wrongdoers and make life easier for farmers, jaleel said.
a new police commissionerate from mira road to virar, comprising 20 police stations, is likely to become functional in the next few months.
advertisingwhile a proposal in this connection had been tabled three years ago, sources said that during the monsoon session of the state legislature, chief minister devendrafadnavis had assured legislators in the mira road-virar belt that the commissionerate will be functional before the upcoming state elections, slated to be held later this year.
the mbvv (mira bhayandar vasai virar) commissionerate is likely to be inaugurated on independence day, an official from the home department told the indian express.
with the mbvv commissionerate likely to be headed by an additional director general (adg) rank officer, sources said, several ips officers have also thrown their hats in the ring for the post.
explianed more executive powers for police in commissionerate in a district headed by a superintendent of police (sp), like the one mira road-bhayandar falls under, the executive powers do not rest with the sp and they have to take permission from the collector.
for example, if a person creating menace in an area over a period of time, he can be externed from the citys limit by the police in a commissionerate.
in a district, however, the sp has to consult the collector, who may or may not agree with the view of the sp.
commissionerates were set up by the british in pre-independence india so that police officers could handle dynamic situations that could threaten to go out of control without having to seek permission from anyone else.
according to sources the push to get the commissionerate functional came during the monsoon session when some legislators told the cm about a delay in the proposal.
the commissionerate had been promised several times in the past.
it was felt that the promise had be fulfilled before the elections, a sourceadvertisingcurrently, the mira bhayandar stretch falls under the jurisdiction of thane (rural) district police and vasai-virar falls under palghar district police.
a district police, headed by a superintendent of police, is usually used for policing in areas where the population and rate of crime is relatively less.
over the past few years, with stringent policing in the adjoining mumbai and thane police commissionerates, a higher number of crimes were reported in this (mbvv) belt.
hence, there was a need felt to convert this into a commissionerate, an official said.
as compared to districts, a commissionerate is allotted better manpower and infrastructure in the form of police vehicles and other policing tools.
an official said that the mbvv commissionerate will have 20 police stations that will be divided into three zones.
of the 20 police stations, five police stations falling under thane (rural) will be moved to the commissionerate, while palghar police will let go jurisdictions of eight police stations.
seven new police stations will be created, an official said.
as of now there are likely to be 13 acp-rank officers, three dcp-rank officers, one dig-rank officer, while the commissioner heading the force will be an adg-rank officer.
sources said that the race among ips officers had begun for the top post.
even the thane and navi mumbai police units are headed by adg rank officers.
the post of mbvv commissioner is seen as a favourable posting, an official said.
state police sources said that the new commissionerate would require a manpower of 4,000.
while drafting our proposal, we conducted a study of populations density to identify areas which are under-policed.
manpower will diverted according to the needs of specific areas, a senior police official said.
the thane rural police conducted a study in mira-bhayander and the palghar district police studied the towns of vasai and virar.
in the mira-bhayander, the police has identified the golden nest residential complex as needing a dedicated police station.
the existing kashimira police station will also be bifurcated.
currently, both thane rural and palghar districts employ between 2,100 and 2,200 personnel.
manpower for new commissionerate will be diverted from existing forces of both districts and through fresh recruitment, the official added.
we are probing the allegations and an enquiry is underway, director general of police, satish mathur told the indian express.
(source: express archive) we are probing the allegations and an enquiry is underway, director general of police, satish mathur told the indian express.
(source: express archive)the maharashtra police has ordered an inquiry to probe if its policemen allowed a free hand to mobsters in the last week riots that has crippled aurangabad city in maharashtra.
two including a minor were killed and over 40 were injured in the communal clashes.
while normalcy has been resorted in the city, curfew still remains in certain areas where the riots broke out.
the probe has been ordered after a seven-minute video showing policemen giving a free hand to rioters and even turning a blind eye has surfaced.
we are probing the allegations and an enquiry is underway, director general of police, satish mathur told the indian express.
two people died and several were injured with many vehicles and shops burnt down after a communal riot broke out in aurangabad city of maharashtra on friday night.
the situation in aurangabad is well under control.
additional forces were moved in from neighbouring towns like jalna and more forces were deployed since morning, fadnavis told reporters in pune on saturday.
the peace has been restored and the police is acting tough against the people who started the riots, fadnavis added and also appealed people not to believe in rumours.
a uniform government, from the municipal corporation to parliament, would go a long way in avoiding in-built conflict between the centre, the state and the local body, paving the way for effective implementation of policies in larger public interest.
the programme  our city, our agenda  was anchored by actor pallavi joshi.
fadnavis fielded questions from the audience across mumbai, nagpur, pune, solapur, akola, gadchiroli, amravati and nashik, among others.
commenting on a post-poll sena-bjp alliance in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), fadnavis said, im confident that the bjp will on its own merit get the absolute majority.
therefore, the question of alliance may not arise.
watch video | up elections 2017: muzaffarnagar revisitedthe chief minister said the bjp was keen on a pre-poll alliance with the sena.
however, the bjps emphasis on transparency as a pre-condition for a corruption-free bmc was not acceptable to the sena, he said, adding that transparency was the single aspect and  not the number of seats  that lead to the sena refusing to have a pre-poll alliance with the bjp.
ahead of the elections to 10 municipal corporations and 25 zilla parishads, fadnavis said, we have always emphasised on peoples participation.
the thrust is on ensuring greater accountability and transparency in the administrative system for development and growth of the state.
the right to services act, which has been already enforced in the state government effectively, would be extended with the same zeal in the bmc, the chief minister said.
better road infrastructure, clean drinking water and making the city pollution-free are high on our agenda.
concrete roads using up to 40 per cent flyash, which have been a big success in nagpur, would be adopted in other parts of state, including mumbai, he said.
he said, we will amend the laws to ensure enough public toilets.
he added, often we receive complaints from local residents who dont want community toilets in their neighbourhood.
but we must address this problem.
on clean seashores, he said untreated sewage water wont be allowed into the sea.
on making rainwater harvesting compulsory in housing societies, he said, yes, we believe water should be treated as a commodity.
various measures, including water conservation projects like jalyukta shivar, have brought positive results to tackle drought.
to a question on traffic problems and pollution, he said the government was working on an integrated transport system to provide alternate modes of travel to the people of mumbai.
also, more cycle tracks are being worked out, including one along the landscape along the coastal road stretch.
the mmrda has already mooted cycle tracks at bkc.
to a question whether solar energy can be harvested on open terraces, the chief minister said, it cannot be made compulsory.
but he indicated that sensitising and promoting the alternative energy model was high on their agenda.
b'while addressing the nation through mann ki baat, pm modi spoke of how worrying maternal mortality rate continues to plague india.
(source: pti) while addressing the nation through mann ki baat, pm modi spoke of how worrying maternal mortality rate continues to plague india.
(source: pti)people sipped tea and listened to prime minister narendra modis mann ki baat programme at over 100 venues including 25 railway stations specially arranged by bjp in mumbai on sunday.
the city unit of bjp organised mann ki baat-chai ke sath at 120 places in the metropolis to popularise modis monthly radio programme, where he touches upon issues concerning the people and government.
the party made seating arrangements, put up sound systems attached with amplifiers and served tea to the people who gathered at these locations.
over 25 railway stations, all party offices of mumbai bjp and other prominent locations were chosen for the programme.
senior leaders of maharashtra bjp, including state unit chief raosaheb danve, cabinet ministers vinod tawde and prakash mehta, city bjp president ashish shelar, ravindra bhuisari and prasad lad, were present at different locations along with scores of party workers.
last month, mumbai bjp had organised the same programme at 10 places, and this time it scaled up the number significantly to popularise mann ki baat.
lad, who was involved in making arrangements, claimed the man ki baat is first of its kind tool launched by a prime minister to reach out to the countrymen.
last time, we installed such facilities at 10 places and got overwhelming response from the people.
enthused by it, this time we organised this programme at 120 places which was attended by thousands of people despite heavy rainfall.
it is a bridge of thoughts built by modiji to convey his vision about a prosperous india, lad said.
the party intends to invite one lakh suggestions from mumbaikars on how to go about a makeover of the financial capital, the bjp leader said.
watch video: whats making newsafter going through these suggestions, a blueprint for mumbai makeover would be presented before chief minister devendrafadnavis , lad said.
in sundays mann ki baat programme, the prime minister pitched for technological solutions to the daily life problems and informed about the government plans to earmark rs 10 crore for innovation.
he also talked about a number of other subjects, including the indian participation in the rio olympics and upcoming independence day celebrations.
the kranti maratha morcha will hold a bike rally in mumbai on november 6 to convey that it has not given up its agitation for reservation for the community.
yet, in a clear departure, organisers have decided to switch from silent street morcha to a noisy bike rally.
the kranti maratha morcha was forced to scale down its protests after the state governments decision to give rs 10,000 crore fee concessions to economically backward communities across sections, including maratha students pursuing higher and professional studies.
a senior maratha kranti morcha functionary told the indian express, the mammoth morcha, which was planned for mumbai, has been put on hold.
instead, we are holding a bike rally.
we expect 15,000 to 20,000 participants from mumbai and its suburbs.
he said, at the moment, the governments decision to provide sops to students has helped defuse the unrest within the marathas.
however, we will continue to keep pressure on the government to demand the maratha reservation in education and jobs.
senior maratha leaders pro-active in the morchas said, to sustain the protest without any backup plan is proving a futile exercise.
the main concern of students of the maratha community specially from poor and rural maharashtra, was financial aid for higher education.
once the government made adequate provisions complete with lodging and boarding facilities and funds, it would be difficult to mobilise people for the rallies.
the maratha morcha, which started on august 9, held 35 rallies across maharashtra.
during the winter session of legislature in nagpur, a maratha morcha has been planned on november 14.
apart from reservation, the government has taken additional policy decisions to immediately help maratha students in pursuing education.
while lauding the maratha community for its highly disciplined protest, he said, the government has mobilised documents to establish social and economical backwardness amongst the community to strengthen their case for reservation both legally and constitutionally.
according to a maratha activist, at the moment, we are facing a dilemma on what next after the morcha?
having covered 35 districts across state through silent morchas, we cannot hold rallies every week.
secondly, almost all the demands placed before the government by the kranti maratha morcha through rallies are under governments consideration, he added.
the ruling bjp has adopted a resolution supporting 16 per cent reservation for marathas in education and employment, he added.
in agriculture, policy reforms along with enhanced crop loans and crop insurance has defused the anger amongst the farmers in rural parts of state.
the emotive issue for building a grand statue of chhatrapati shivaji on the arabian sea in mumbai is already on the governments agenda.
the process of inviting tenders for the statue project has commenced.
social activist anna hazare also hoped that the stir be conducted in a peaceful manner.
social activist anna hazare also hoped that the stir be conducted in a peaceful manner.
social activist anna hazare on friday extended his support to agitating farmers in maharashtra and expressed his desire to mediate between the state government and the agriculturists if asked to.
he also hoped that the stir be conducted in a peaceful manner.
i extend my support to farmers agitation and the cause behind it.
it is better if they resort to a peaceful way of protest, hazare told reporters.
the gandhians appeal for peaceful protest came against the backdrop of farmers agitation turning violent in some parts of the state with the incidents of stone pelting and vandalising of vehicles carrying milk and vegetables to mumbai being reported on wednesday night.
appealing to farmers to shun violence, hazare said he was ready to join discussions between the farmers leaders and chief minister devendrafadnavis if he was asked to.
on friday, fadnavis expressed willingness to hold talks with the agitating farmers.
satyagraha is a birthright of all.
the government should not use police force when there is a peaceful agitation, he said.
the septuagenarian alleged that farmers have resorted to protests due to anti-farmer policies of the government.
farmers must get an assurance on price of their agricultural produce based on expenses incurred by them on production.
this demand has always been neglected by all the past governments, the anti-graft crusader said.
a non-political movement of farmers is necessary to pressurise the whole political system to meet the demands of farmers, he said.
if farmers leaders wish so, i am ready to initiate a dialogue with farmers and the government, hazare said.
farmers from many parts of the state including nashik, pune, and ahmednagar districts have joined the stir, which entered the second day on friday.
the agitation is mainly spearheaded by farmers activists though parties like the swabhimani shetkari sanghatna, led by raju shetti, an ally of the ruling bjp, have extended moral support to the stir.
among the demands raised by agitating farmers are waiving loans owing to crop failures and indebtedness, besides ensuring a guaranteed minimum support price (msp) for their produce.
farmers in nashik district are opposing acquisition of land for the proposed super communication expressway connecting mumbai and nagpur.
a curfew was imposed in yeola town in nashik district on thursday, following a clash between the police and a mob of stone pelters.
at lasalgaon in nashik district, protesters stoned a police jeep, damaging its windshields.
agitators had dumped onions, chillies, mangoes and tomatoes on the road as weekly markets in 82 places in the district remained closed.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)the firm that built lavasa, indias first private hill city, will no longer enjoy the unique status as special planning authority (spa) accorded to it nine years ago.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday withdrew the spa status extended to industrialist ajit gulabchand-promoted lavasa corporation for the rs 40,000 crore project located near pune.
in june 2008, the then congress-led government in maharashtra had given the special status that gave lavasa corporation powers to draw up land use plans, sanction building and development plans on its own, besides unhindered power to develop lands falling in the hill citys jurisdiction.
it was the only instance in the country when such a status, usually retained by governments town planning agencies, was extended to a private entity.
while activists have raised several complaints of irregularities and alleged misuse of the spa status, it was a 2012 cag report  that had also questioned the spa status  that hurt lavasas case the most.
there was a proposal to revoke lavasas spa status in 2012 itself.
but the then government did not act on it, said a senior government source.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)ten months after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a tie-up with corporate honchos and industry leaders for creation of model villages across maharashtra, the initiative is yet to take off.
on august 25, 2016, fadnavis had rolled out the initiative for social transformation in villages, following a meeting with business captains, philanthropists, and celebrities, including ratan tata, anand mahindra, rajashree birla, rajkumar dhoot, deepak parekh and amitabh bachchan, among others.
the plan involved convergence of various rural development schemes.
the government and the industry players were to partner in the funding and monitoring of the initiative.
the funds raised under the corporate social responsibility (csr) were meant to be infused in the project.
fadnavis had then announced that work in at least 100 villages will kickstart on october 2, 2016.
by 2019, the target was to transform 1000 villages under the initiative.
rural infrastructure in suicide-prone villages in vidarbha and marathwada was to be taken up.
while a governing council headed by fadnavis himself and comprising top industry captains as members was formed on the day of the announcement, government sources confirmed that actual work had not begun in a single village so far.
actor amitabh bachchan was chosen as the face of the initiative.
this is a massive exercise.
the preparatory work is going on in villages.
we have appointed village development officers in some villages.
these officers are undergoing training, said a senior officer.
while some of the corporate houses have offered to adopt villages under the initiative, they were yet to be assigned these.
sources said villages in amravati, yavatmal, wardha, gadhchiroli (vidarbha), nandurbar (north maharashtra), and aurangabad (marathwada), are scheduled to be developed in the first phase of the scheme, while villages in beed, parbhani, and nanded (marathwada) will be transformed in the second phase.
b'the bjps top leadership has decided not to engage in a war of words with alliance partner shiv sena.
(file) the bjps top leadership has decided not to engage in a war of words with alliance partner shiv sena.
(file)the bjps top leadership has decided not to engage in a war of words with alliance partner shiv sena, which has kept up its attack on the bjp government in the state and at the centre and also spurned its offer for pre-poll talks.
instead, the party has started working on a plan b if the sena fails to respond to its offer for a pre-poll alliance in the 2019 assembly and parliament elections.
it means the possibility of the bjp going to the polls alone also.
we have given clear directives to the cadre to lie low for the moment and get back to grassroots work, keeping all options ready for the big battle in 2019, said a highly placed source in the bjp.
any attempt to engage the sena in a verbal dual does not augur well for the bjp.
instead, the senas heightened attack against chief minister devendrafadnavis , prime minister narendra modi or the bjp will only expose sena president uddhav thackerays double-standards.
after all, the sena will have to explain that if they have a problem with the bjp, what makes them continue in the coalition at the centre and in maharashtra, the source added.
at present, the bjp has 122 mlas in the 288-seat state assembly.
of 48 lok sabha seats in all, the bjp has 23.
the process to strengthen the partys organisational base in the remaining 166 assembly seats and 25 lok sabha seats is under way.
the party has already started the process of booth building across 36 districts.
the party has completed the exercise in 83,000 booths.
there are 90,000 booths in all.
each booth will have at least 25 members.
explaining the bjps thinking, a senior party functionary said, on april 6, bjp president amit shah categorically said they would like to have a pre-poll alliance with the sena in the 2019 elections.
similar sentiments have been expressed by fadnavis several times.
yet, in the past week, the sena appears to have made a scathing attack against the bjp-led government in the state and at the centre.
the bjps decision to initiate the process of pre-poll talks too was spurned by the sena.
sena (mp) sanjay raut has warned, sena will not fall prey to bjps offer so easily, he said.
bjp leader and finance minister sudhir mungantiwar, however, underplayed the attack by the sena.
the bjp and sena are working together in the cabinet.
what they speak outside it is for them to explain.
as far as the government is concerned, the sena is cooperating with the bjp on all policies, he said.
referring to pre-poll talks, he said, the bjp believes it should have an alliance with the sena.
but if the sena wants to go solo, the bjp is well-prepared to meet the challenge on its own.
bjp mp amar sable; pcmc standing committee chairperson seema savale (file) bjp mp amar sable; pcmc standing committee chairperson seema savale (file)less than a year after the bjp came to power in pimpri-chinchwad, different camps led by key leaders seem to be forming in the party.
the party-led pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation (pcmc) administration recently came under the lens when bjp mp amar sable sought chief minister devendrafadnavis intervention in the corruption in allotment of road development projects worth rs 425 crore and sought an investigation.
sources said the development has caused fissures and anger in the party rank and file.
just after it came to power in the february 2017 civic elections, securing an unprecedented mandate, the bjp witnessed a tug of war between mlas laxman jagtap and mahesh landge.
eventually, the matter was sorted after the cms office intervened.
soon after, sources claimed disagreements surfaced between jagtap and sable after sables aide babu nair was elected as co-opted corporator in pcmc with the cms nod.
this, despite jagtap going all out trying to get the nomination for his close aide sarang kamtekar.
later, jagtap removed nair and another sable aide, mauli thorat, from the post of general secretary, they added.
now, sable has approached the chief minister alleging corruption in the allotment of road contracts worth rs 425 crore by standing committee chairperson seema savale and pcmc commissioner shravan hardikar.
recently, shiv sena mps shrirang barne and shivajirao adhalrao-patil had also sought investigation into the same matter.
both had alleged that there was a rs 90-crore scam in the project.
sable claimed that the bjp has come to power on the promise of transparency and honesty, but, currently, the party seems to be veering away from the avowed path.
i have pointed out to the cm that there is suspicion of corruption in the road contracts and therefore an investigation should be done in the matter, sable told pune newsline on sunday.
he added that the cms office has conveyed to him that municipal commissioner shravan hardikar has been asked to file a report in this regard.
hardikar said he has already submitted a report to the cms office and clarified every point, especially how the pcmc has been able to save a staggering rs 31 crore while alloting the road development projects.
we have clarified that there is no substance in the allegations that we accepted a proposal higher than the estimated costin fact, we have accepted proposals much below the estimated cost of the projects, thereby saving crores for the pcmc, he said.
without naming sable, savale said, i took charge of the standing committee with the promise of ushering in transparency and honesty, which has never been the hallmark of this committee.
i have lived up to my words.
there is not even an iota of truth in the allegations.
the civic chief has already clarified that we have been able to save rs 31 crore.
instead of patting bjp and pcmc administration, certain bjp leaders are tarnishing the partys image a few of the leaders said sable was eyeing to contest from pimpri constituency in the next election and was therefore trying to remain in the public eye.
meanwhile, landge has come out in support of savale and the pcmc administration in their endeavour to develop the newly-merged villages.
false allegations are being levied to garner publicityi stand by the standing committee for trying to develop the recently merged villages, he said.
maharsahtra cm devendrafadnavis maharsahtra cm devendrafadnavis state government has given nod for regional plan to be implemented in eight districts of satara, kolhapur, nanded, latur, jalna, thane, palghar and raigad.
the decision was taken by the urban development ministry led by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
of the 36 districts in the state, the plan has not been implemented in 19.
a senior officer in the chief ministers office said: there are at least 19 districts where the regional plan was never implemented.
the chief minister has decided to enforce the plan in every district.
fadnavis said the regional plan is integral for better planning and execution of growth models in a district.
instead of piecemeal development, the plan aims for a comprehensive model.
a senior officer in the finance department said: the chief ministers emphasis on the regional plan is to ensure an integrated approach to avoid thin spreading of resources.
ad hoc allocation of funds split on multiple projects without planning has led to haphazard growth of the districts.
citing an example, an official said: often, proposals and policies in districts are driven by political considerations.
every elected member or a local representative would moot a project and it would get the sanction.
this has caused unplanned development of the districts and region.
to bring about scientific planning and expedite development work, the chief minister has decided that the regional plan be implemented.
it is felt that the plan would also help in better monitoring and execution of district development.
at least in six districts, kolhapur, jalgaon, nanded, solapur and nashik, the state government has got sanction from the centre for regional air connectivity under udan.
it is being seen as a incentive to push the growth centres in these districts.
the government aims to push economy beyond the golden triangle of mumbai-pune and nashik, an official said.
among the parameters being worked to make growth centres workable is better connectivity through high-speed road and air networks.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis during an election rally in kothrud.
express maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis during an election rally in kothrud.
the ncp is a confused party.
it will soon be thrown out of power in the neighbouring pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation (pcmc), along with pune municipal corporation (pmc), said fadnavis, addressing an election rally in baner, one of four rallies he has addressed in the city.
the chief minister said people have seen the corruption done during ncp rule, while there was no existence of congress now.
the pune metropolitan region development authority (pmrda) constitution did not take place for long due to the differences between the congress and ncp, he said.
our friend (shiv sena) is not even found in a search.
it is doing settlement with either the congress or the ncp to grab power, he added.
watch what else is making newshe said the bjp would work towards making pune the first smart city of the country and would carry out integration of metro rail and bus services.
the residents would be able to commute on a single ticket in both the metro and the bus, said fadnavis, adding that the city would be made a start-up capital of the country within three years.
the development plan was a political issue in last few elections, but the bjp-led state government has got it approved and brought it into implementation, he added.
b'leaders of the maratha aarakshan sangarsh samiti at the conference.
express leaders of the maratha aarakshan sangarsh samiti at the conference.
expressthe maratha aarakshan sangharsh samiti has given an ultimatum to chief minister devendrafadnavis urging him to fullfil its demands by may 8 failing which it will take out thok morchas and not mook morchas.
the members have also said ministers will not be allowed to visit parts of the state if their demands were not fulfiled.
at a round table conference of several maratha organisations held in kolhapur on saturday, the samiti passed five resolutions, including one complimenting the chief minister for causing fissures among maratha leaders and successfully breaking their agitation by making empty promises.
chief minister devendrafadnavis deserves to be complimented for successfully breaking the agitation of maratha community by weaning over some maratha leaders and having his way, the resolution stated.
aba patil, president of the pune unit of maratha aarakshan sangharsh samiti, said they were gearing up for another agitation as they expected that the government will do little by may 8.
this time, we will take out silent marches.
we are planning aggressive marches and the government will come to know about our aggression when we take out the marches.
we kept silent, took out dignified and non-violent marches.
it did not have any impact on the government, he said, adding that ministers will not be allowed to visit their respective areas if their demands are not fulfilled.
one of the resolutions passed at the conference was scrapping of annasaheb patil vikas mahamandal that was set up for extending financial help to students from the maratha community.
the mahamandal should be dissolved.
it has done nothing to help maratha students.
we have been demanding that the mahamandal should give 40 per cent subsidy as financial assistance but the government has stipulated that a student should take loan and pay the interest for one year, which will be refunded by the mahamandal.
this is not acceptable, the resolution said.
the organisation criticised parties like the congress and the bjp, which demanded that a review petition be filed against the supreme court ruling in the atrocities act case.
one of our key demands was met by the highest court of this country, the supreme court.
we had been maintaining that the lives of innocent persons were being wrecked by false complaints lodged under the atrocities act.
the supreme court has exactly mentioned the same in its ruling.
however, parties like congress and bjp called for filing review petition by the government.
we strongly protest against such parties, another resolution said.
the demand that marathas should be given 16 per cent reservation in jobs, like in tamil nadu, remains the top agenda.
the samiti said till the court gives its verdict, the government can start implementing the 16 per cent quota plan as is being done in tamil nadu.
the representatives demanded that government construct hostels for maratha students like it did for students of other communities.
till the government constructs hostels, maratha students should get a scholarship of rs 40,000 to 50,000  both rural and urban students, patil said.
leaders of the maratha sangarsh samiti said the organisation was formed in 2006, much before the maratha kranti morcha.
we were also part of the maratha krantimorcha.
both organisations are voicing demands of the maratha community in their own ways, a leader of the samiti said.
a maratha kranti morcha leader said the community is a picture of disunity.
there is a game of one-upmanship being played out.
each one is trying to claim credit for fighting for the community, the leader said.
the bjp on thursday submitted a list of 114 seats for the crucial brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) elections on february 21 to chief minister devendrafadnavis for his approval.
of the total 227 seats, the bjp claimed 114 seats to contest, leaving 113 seats for alliance partner shiv sena.
a highly placed source in the bjp confirmed to the indian express, mumbai bjp chief ashish shelar has forwarded the list of 114 seats to fadnavis.
the seat selection was undertaken in the last 48 hours with wide-ranging consultations with elected mlas and mps in their respective constituencies.
watch video | samajwadi partys first list of candidates creates uncertainty over alliance with congressalthough the shiv sena and the bjp are still engaged in seat- sharing talks, the bjps initiative to formalise its 114 seats is a tact to convey its seriousness of driving a hard bargain for a pre-poll alliance.
fadnavis conveyed to the mumbai team that they should still try to work out a formula mutually acceptable to the shiv sena.
the bjp has also started the process of shortlisting candidates for these seats.
the underlying message was that bjp should not lose sight of its organisational expansion in the bmc polls irrespective of the final formula.
shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, commenting on the pre-poll alliance talks, said, let us hope the positive talks translate into positive solution.
the shiv sena leaders refused to comment on the bjps list of 114 seats.
a senior leader said, in politics we have to wait and watch.
every party is always ready for any eventuality.
we have already kept our plans for 130 seats as well as 227 seats.
an insider in the bjp said, in the 2014 state assembly elections, the bjp was ahead of sena in mumbai.
out of the total 36 assembly seats in mumbai, bjp won 15 and sena 14 seats.
each assembly segment comprises six municipal corporation wards (seats) and bjp was stronger in 90 seats and sena in 84 seats of the total 227 bmc seats.
the bjp (90) and sena (84) together works out to 174 seats.
which means in the remaining 53 seats the bjp has selected 24 seats where it was ahead of the sena in the assembly polls.
area-wise, the bjp has claimed all seats where it won and led namely kandivli (east), charkop, goregaon, versova, andheri(east), vile-parle, ghatkopar (west), ghatkopar (east), bandra (west), sion koliwada, mulund, colaba, mahim, borivali and dahisar.
some of the segments where it led in sena strongholds, and which are incorporated into the list of 114, includes seats from dindoshi, bhandup (w), kalina, vikhroli, mahim and worli.
however, the sena believes the 2014 assembly elections cannot be a base for bmc polls and that the bjp should be more reasonable in awarding them at least 130 seats to contest.
will waive tax on roads: shelarresponding to the shiv senas promise of property tax waiver for houses up to 500 sqft, the bjp said the decision was already mooted by chief minister devendrafadnavis six months ago.
the sena was trying to take credit for something the bjp has worked on, the party said.
mumbai bjp chief ashish shelar said, the bjp has already incorporated tax exemption for houses up to 500 square feet in its bmc election manifesto.
taking the battle against sena further, shelar said, we have also decided not to allow tax collection for roads.
the bmc earns rs 500- 600 crore from road tax.
but why should people pay for roads which are dotted with potholes.
shiv sena also hit out at the centre for allegedly pushing debt-ridden farmers into greater despair and allowing their farms to fall into ruin by brandishing the knife of demonetisation.
shiv sena also hit out at the centre for allegedly pushing debt-ridden farmers into greater despair and allowing their farms to fall into ruin by brandishing the knife of demonetisation.
politics over the ongoing farmers agitation in maharashtra intensified on wednesday with shiv sena ministers skipping the state cabinet meeting.
sena president uddhav thackeray, meanwhile, ridiculed the governments offer of holding talks only with true farmer leaders.
who are these farmers?
is there a real farmer in your ministry, the sena said, in an editorial in party mouthpiece saamana.
making light of the sena ministers absence at the cabinet meeting, finance minister sudhir mungantiwar of the bjp said, the sena ministers did not boycott the cabinet meet but sought permission not to attend it which the chief minister granted.
revenue minister chandrakant patil, also of the bjp, said, it is not correct to say that sena ministers came to the cabinet (meet) and left in a huff.
the sena ministers arrived (at the meeting) and told the chief minister that uddhav thackeray is not here (in mumbai) and they would not attend the cabinet meeting, till they have a word with the sena president.
transport minister diwakar raote of the shiv sena said his party ministers did not attend the cabinet meet.
sena ministers held a meeting at the official residence of industries minister subhash desai, ahead of the cabinet meet.
meanwhile, agitating farmers put a lock outside the house of bjp legislator r t deshmukh from majalgaon in beed district.
security outside homes of ruling party legislators and mps has been beefed up following the lock up protest.
in solapurs barshi, former state minister dilip sopal locked his house to express support for the farmers stir.
07 crore farmers with less than five acre land holding.
before october 31, the distressed farmers who need help will be given a loan waiver.
the modalities are being worked out and i can say with conviction that this will be the biggest loan waiver in maharashtras history, fadnavis had said.
the sena today hit out at the centre for allegedly pushing debt-ridden farmers into greater despair and allowing their farms to fall into ruin by brandishing the knife of demonetisation.
after years, monsoon last year brought hope to farmers and they had a bumper production but the knife of demonetisation led them to sell their produce at dirt cheap rates.
they couldnt even recover their input costs and as a result, debt ridden farmers plunged deeper into losses, the sena said in an editorial in saamana.
the bickering ally also questioned the apathy of the government towards the agricultural sector at a time when the industry and services sector kept receiving periodical boost for their development.
aaps punjab president and mp bhagwant mann on monday said that the centre had done gross injustice to punjab by keeping it out of a national-level committee constituted to promote agriculture and double the income of farmers in the next three years.
advertisinghe added that the union government had betrayed the interests of the state, which had been feeding the country for the last 60 years despite battling local issues.
in a statement issued monday, he demanded that it review its decision and give due representation to the agrarian state of punjab by including it in the committee.
coming down heavily on union food processing minister harsimrat kaur badal, mann asked where she was when such crucial decisions were taken by the centre: i ask the badals why sad is in alliance with bjp if they cannot protect the interests of punjab.
was this an arrangement to enjoy power at the cost of the people of punjab?
isnt it the responsibility of harsimrat kaur badal as a minister to safeguard the interests of the people of bathinda and punjab?
the aap leader called upon all mps from punjab to rise above petty party considerations and be one on the issue so that pressure can be built to force the centre to include punjab in the national committee.
this is imperative as the state is already wrestling with a string of issues, including water and agricultureit would have been better had the centre named punjab chief minister capt amarinder singh as the chairman of the committee instead of instead of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , he added.
b'kisaan march: farmers protest march from nashik on the way to mumbai arrives at thane at late evening on saturday.
(express photo/janak rathod) kisaan march: farmers protest march from nashik on the way to mumbai arrives at thane at late evening on saturday.
(express photo/janak rathod)after covering 180-kilometres  35 km every day for six days  nearly 40,000 farmers carrying red flags converged in mumbai around 5 am on monday to press for their demands.
the march, called by akhil bharatiya kisan sabha (abks) affiliated with the cpi(m), began on march 6 from the cbs chowk in nashik.
farmers, some of whom are walking barefoot in the scorching sun, completed their last lap overnight so that office-goers and students appearing for board examinations on monday were not inconvenienced.
the farmers reached thane toll naka saturday and, following a night-halt, marched towards sion on sunday.
after resting for nearly three hours at the kj somaiya ground, they left for mumbais azad maidan at 1 am.
live updates: maharashtra farmers march into mumbai in protestsources from the police department said the farmers wouldnt be allowed to assemble near the vidhan bhavan on monday.
a delegation would be permitted to meet the chief minister, but we cannot allow them to march till vidhan bhavan.
we believe the number of protesters would swell on monday, an ips officer said.
the mumbai police has stepped up security in the city, particularly in the vicinity of azad maidan and the vidhan sabha.
the police staff, who were earlier instructed to report to work at 5am on monday, were asked to stay back for bandobast duty after the protesters declared they would march overnight.
additional police staff were also called in.
read | sea of farmers in mumbai, heres what they sayi was on day-duty and was about to leave at 9pm, but suddenly we heard that the protesters have decided to walk during the midnight, following which we were asked to stay back.
those who were home were also called back, said a police constable requesting anonymity.
a part of the police force accompanied the protesters while many were at designated spots to restrict the entry of vehicles.
while completing the final 16-km under the street-lights, farmers raised slogans and marched and danced to tribal songs played on speakers.
farmers, many with blisters on their feet, were reminding fellow protesters about their bigger sufferings.
chief minister chief minister devendrafadnavis is scheduled to meet with a delegation of the agitating farmers on monday.
(express photo by deepak joshi)one damu bhoyr sprained his leg after he stepped in a pothole on his way to k j somaiya ground, sion.
i joined the march from nasik and have been walking under the sun.
but when i was heading towards sion in the afternoon, i accidentally stepped in a pothole and twisted my ankle.
i have put some pain relief ointment and i am back on my feet.
i will not let my injuries affect my energy.
explained | new edge to agrarian distress: why demands are more than loan waiverbhoyr said he wished to transfer the forest land in the name of his family.
my grandfather had started farming in nashik and today i am farming on the same land, but still the land hasnt been transferred in our names.
i will protest till the time government agrees to our terms.
people washing faces, taking baths in a small pond close to service road of eastern express highway (express photo by vishwas waghmode) people washing faces, taking baths in a small pond close to service road of eastern express highway (express photo by vishwas waghmode)another aged farmer, gangadhar gangorde, said, i am from surgana district.
i travelled to nashik on monday following which i joined the protest and walking since.
i want a complete loan waiver as my family is struggling to survive.
my father did farming and i took over from him.
read | maharashtra: shiv sena, mns, aap extend support to farmers marchi have been walking for the past six days.
i want the government to name the forest land in my name as it would benefit me and my children, said another farmer.
on reaching azad maidan, volunteers started distributing water and biscuits to the protestors.
the civic body along with the mumbai police has provided four water tankers and 50 mobile toilets for the farmers at azad maidan.
shiv sena president uddhav thackeray (r) and maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(express archive) shiv sena president uddhav thackeray (r) and maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(express archive)with the shiv sena saturday proposing 60 seats to the bjp in response to a demand for 114, and the latter rejecting the offer, seat-sharing talks between the two parties for the 227-seats bmc elections have almost hit a dead-end.
leaders of both parties said the final decision would now be taken by sena chief uddhav thackeray and chief minister devendrafadnavis of the bjp.
the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) is going to polls on february 21.
the proposals presented by both sides showed they were engaged in mind games.
while sena is evidently not willing to accept the bjps electoral growth as depicted by the 2014 assembly and lok sabha polls, the bjps demand for 114 seats based on 2014 assembly poll outcome signalled it would assert its political might and no longer accept the sena as the big brother in mumbai.
in 2014, bjp won 15 assembly seats compared to senas 14 out of the total 36 in mumbai.
at the end of the meeting late saturday, sena leader anil desai said, today, we offered a formal proposal of 60 seats to the bjp.
they came with a demand for 114 seats.
the numbers were at such variance that it was not possible to continue the talks any further.
mumbai bjp chief ashish shelar said, we placed our proposals, which were not acceptable to both sides.
we will now refer the same to our leaders.
they are capable of taking the final call.
leaders from both parties indicated that they were unlikely to meet again.
now, any decision would be at the level of the big two  fadnavis and thackeray.
insiders in the sena said they had taken the decision to offer only 60 seats, three less than that offered in 2012 pre-poll alliance, to deflate the big brother attitude of bjp leaders.
we have conveyed that any discussion ahead would have to be on the political status of 2012 bmc outcome and not 2014 assembly elections, said a sena leader.
bjps political managers, however, said the sena proposal showed it was unwilling to accept the ground reality of bjps electoral growth and senas decline post 2014 polls.
in the 2012 bmc elections, the sena had contested 135 seats and bjp 63 seats, while 29 seats were contested by rpi and others in the alliance.
the sena won 75 seats and bjp 31 seats.
from the beginning, the bjp had indicated it would go for hard bargain with sena based on the 2014 assembly poll outcome.
even as seat-sharing talks resumed sunday evening after a standstill, sena continued its attack against the bjp.
sena leader and minister for environment ramdas kadam said, we are not in favour of alliance with the bjp.
we will show them their place in the elections.
though fadnavis and thackeray have remained silent on the developments, the parties have gone ahead with preparations to go it alone.
in the last 72 hours, the bjp has shortlisted the candidates for all 227 seats.
similarly, the sena too continued with its poll preparations.
a section within the bjp and the sena, who want an alliance, said, the ideal seat division should be 97 seats for bjp and 120 for sena.
the remaining ten seats would go to rpi.
shubhangi.
the opposition on friday joined hands to target the bjp over its move to lease out some of the forts in state for tourism development.
rattled by the offensive, the ruling party went into a counteroffensive.
advertisingon september 3, devendrafadnavis cabinet had approved a revised tourism policy for maharashtra, which included proposal of renting out forts to private tourism developers and hoteliers on lease basis.
while the new policy mentions that the move would not apply to historical forts that exist on the protected monuments list of the archaeological survey of india, opposition parties, mindful of the upcoming assembly polls, linked the move to commercialisation of forts built by maratha warrior king chhatrapati shivaji maharaj.
the maratha community, which accounts for about 32 per cent of the states population, is politically the most dominant in maharashtra.
while it has traditionally favoured the congress and the ncp, the bjp has made deep inroads into the community, especially with the move to provide reservations to the marathas in education and jobs.
advertisingthe ncp was the first to hit out at the government over the issue.
invoking the maratha warrior king, ncps legislative party leader and former deputy chief minister ajit pawar said, the forts depict the rich legacy of chhatrapati shivaji maharaj.
renting them out is an insult to him and his followers.
the ruling party first used his name for political reasons and is now using it for earning more.
we strongly condemn the move.
other ncp leaders, including partys mps amol kolhe and supriya sule, maharashtra ncp president jayant patil, and leader of opposition in the legislative council dhananjay munde, among others, also fired salvos at the government.
congress also criticised the move with the partys senior leaders also linking the move to maratha history and targeting the government.
raj thackeray-led mns also hit out at the government, with party leader anil shidore accusing the bjp of commercialising the pride of marathas.
the states tourism department issued a clarification, saying the policy made it clear that the local flora and fauna and the aesthetic value of fort premises will be protected and that no permanent constructions in the forts will be allowed.
there is no plan to touch heritage forts that have historical value and are protected under the asi.
there is no question of renting out forts that reflect chhatrapati shivaji maharajs history.
we have already earmarked rs 500 crore for their repairs and maintenance.
some people are politicising the issue and instigating the sentiments of people, tourism minister jaykumar rawal said.
tourism department secretary vinita vaid singhal also denied plans to make such premises available in the venue market.
social events that fit into the fabric of maharashtras political life will be allowed.
there is no question of renting out the place as a wedding venue, she said.
incidentally, bjps rajya sabha mp and shivajis descendent, sambhaji raje, also came out in opposition to the move of leasing out forts.
he even called on chief minister devendrafadnavis over the issue on friday.
fadnavis on friday also said there was no such proposal to open historical forts for commercial activities.
the government has and will continue to always safeguard and protect all historic forts from chhatrapati shivaji era or any related establishments of historical heritage in maharashtra, the chief minister said.
b'maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra cm devendra fadnavisday after his bharat mata ki jai remark triggered a row, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday said chanting of the slogan had nothing to do with religion or electoral politics.
why are we failing or undermining the real spirit of patriotism?
it has nothing to do with hindus, muslims, sikhs or christians, he said.
in a telephonic interview to the indian express, fadnavis said, why should anybody feel ashamed to express their reverence towards ones motherland by saying bharat mata ki jai?
stating that those who were opposing it appeared to have malafide interests and intentions, the cm said, they are those divisive forces who want to create rift in our country and wish to break our unity.
why should we tolerate it?
asked if a progressive state like maharashtra could afford to decide who should stay in the country and who should not based on their willingness to chant a slogan, fadnavis said, there is absolutely no truth in such assumptions.
my government is guided by the indian constitution where every citizen has equal right and would get justice.
he said he had no problems if somebody wished to say jai hind or jai bharat or jai hindustan.
our objection is to someone who defiantly and disrespectfully says i wont say bharat mata ki jai.
there is a limit to appeasement too.
the cm added, i am deeply anguished by a section which is giving it a religious colour.
i would like to question them why are you doubting the rashtrabhakti of our muslim breathren?
if some hindus display disrespect towards motherland, even they would invite wrath from the people.
fadnavis said he was appalled at the controversy over one statement made by him at the nashik rally saturday, even though he spoke for 50 minutes, with 45 minutes of it were on drought and development.
yet, one statement on bharat mata ki jai was blown out of context, he said.
reiterating that the matter should not be linked to religion, fadnavis said, i salute those more than 500 highly placed and respected muslim clerics who not only hosted the tricolour at mahim dargah but also chanted bharat mata ki jai.
it was on march 17, 2016, on the occasion of 603rd urs of hajrat makhdum fateh ali mahim.
but i am sure such developments are not going to be shown by the media.
he added, during my interaction with them, one of the clerics at mahim dargah said they also say madar-e-watan.
where is the question of any ritual?
speaking on the scenario in the agriculture sector, fadnavis said, our policy reforms are emphasising on greater investments to pull it out of the negative growth that would overall impact the state gds next financial year.
stating that the rs 25,000-crore budget for agriculture and related sectors was a big leap forward, he said, i am seized of the challenges ahead due to drought in almost 25,000 villages.
yet, we have month-wise plans ready to effectively tackle the drought and simultaneously fast-track our agro-industry projects.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis monday proposed the development of a mobile app that calculates the carbon footprint of each individual so as to enable everyone to try and mitigate it by planting trees.
advertisingthe chief ministers suggestion came at a programme to launch the maharashtra forest departments atal anand van yojana, a drive to plant 33 crore saplings at anandwan, the leprosy rehabilitation colony set up by late baba amte.
the programme was attended by baba amtes son vikas and grand-daughter sheetal amte, us vice consul general robert poulson, singapore consul general gavin chay and israel consul general yakov finkelstein.
all planted a sampling each on anandwan premises.
speaking on the occasion, fadnavis lauded the forest minister saying, when mungantiwar announced the plantation scheme four years ago, it was seen by many as yet another political announcement.
but mungantiwar has turned it into a success story.
advertisingmungantiwars department should develop a mobile app that would enable everyone to measure the carbon released by him or her through their activities so he or she could appropriately compensate for it by activities like plantation by calculating his or her own carbon footprint.
this way we would be able to contribute to meet the stiff climate change challenges, he added.
the drive itself is part of an ambitious plan to plant 50 crore saplings in the state, a dream project of forest minister sudhir mungantiwar.
the first three legs of the project  to plant one crore, three crore and 13 crore saplings, respectively  have been initiated in the previous three years.
earlier, 28 short films were made in a span of four years.
earlier, 28 short films were made in a span of four years.
the last time the tribal research training institute (trti) produced a short film on a tribal community was in 2011, reveals the response to a query filed by the indian express under the right to information (rti) act.
set up in may 1962, trti initiates research studies on various aspects of tribal communities in the state.
it also carries out evaluation studies which assess the impact of developmental programmes and schemes on the lives of tribals across maharashtra.
the films made by the organisation cover various facets of tribal communities, from their religious rituals to songs, from their culture to practices.
the rti reply reveals that though 90 short films have been made by the trti since its inception in 1962, the initiative hit a roadblock after 2011.
interestingly, of these 90 films, as many as 28 short films on tribals have been made in a span of just four years between 2007 to 2011.
ten of the 28 films have been made in the financial year 2008-2009, while nine have been produced in 2009-2010.
just three films were produced in 2010-2011, while six were made in the financial year 2007-2008.
between 2007 and 2011, an amount of around rs 60 lakh was spent in making short films, reveals the rti response.
no films were made after 2011 because we did not get any funds from the central government.
while 50 per cent of the total expenditure is given by the central government, the rest is borne by the state government.
through various mediums, the institute tries to preserve tribal culture, and films are just one of those many mediums, said an official of the trtis film department.
some of the tribal communities covered in the short films made by the trti are kolam, warli, pardhi, pardhan, bhilla, halbi, kanwar, naikpod, oraun dhangar, among others.
besides, trti has also produced short films that capture various practices and art forms by different tribal communities, such as dokra art, warli art, bamboo handicraft, weekly markets for tribals, the tribal cultural museum, and others.
kundalik kedari, the founder of bahurang, which has been organising the tribal film festival in pune for the last 12 years, said, unfortunately, the institute (trti) has not done anything in over a decade to preserve tribal culture from the past.
it is bound to take some effort to conserve and document tribal culture and practices, so that they can be accessed by anyone, even years down the line.
for example, earlier, in certain tribal families, the wedding ceremonies would go on for five to six days.
but these days, the ceremonies are completed within a day.
so, unless we have recorded what the erstwhile families used to do, how will individuals or researchers get to know the history, he added.
kedari claimed that in the past few months, he has written three letters to chief minister devendrafadnavis , and urged the cm to take steps to overhaul the institute, so that the very motive for which it was established, is served.
(source: file)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday lauded prime minister narendra modis efforts to uplift the conditions of the poor and said earlier only hollow speeches were made about eradication of poverty, a veiled attack on previous congress-led governments.
in the past, only slogan of garibi hatao (coined by indira gandhi government in early 1970s) was given, but no real work was done on the ground.
speeches then focused on removing poverty.
however, mere speeches are not enough to eradicate poverty and benefits of welfare schemes should reach the last person in the queue, fadnavis said.
if anybody in the country has done the work of giving rights to the last person, it is modi and no one else, he said.
fadnavis was speaking at a function organised to distribute loans to the needy under the nda governments mudra scheme in thane on sunday morning.
he said various programmes such as jan dhan and mudra launched by the prime minister were directed towards financial empowerment and inclusion of citizens.
even now around five crore families in the country do not have lpg gas stoves, he said, adding in the next three years all of them will be brought under a central scheme that aims to provide access to clean cooking fuel, specially rural households.
fadnavis said around 60 per cent population in the country still does not bank accounts and efforts were on to bring them under the ambit of financial inclusion.
he said the youth in the country were not a liability but an asset and the government programmes were directed towards them.
the tendency of the banks is to give loans to big borrowers and industries and ignore the small ones.
but the mudra scheme is directed towards helping the small businesses get access to institutional credit, the chief minister said.
while distributing loans under the mudra scheme to around 4,600 beneficiaries, the cm advised them to use it for the purpose it was meant for and not anything else.
in the aftermath of the flood in western maharashtra, the government plans to conduct satellite mapping of all dams to get real-time data on their water levels.
also, a four-member committee will be set up to study in detail the changing weather patterns that result in floods.
advertisingtaking lessons from the flood in sangli and kolhapur, the government wants to go for satellite mapping of dams.
the current weather forecast method does not provide real-time data on how much it would actually rain, said water resources minister girish mahajan.
at present, imd only forecasts that rainfall would either be low, moderate to intense and doesnt spell out the quantum.
the committee, comprising water management experts as well as officials from the state water resources department and the india meteorological department, has been tasked to conduct a detailed study and submit a report.
according to the preliminary report received by the government, high and intense rainfall in catchment areas on led to flood in western maharashtra.
the report stated that while rainfall in sangli was 605 per cent more than the average, the figure was 415 per cent for kolhapur and 524 per cent for satara.
the report also stated that dams in maharashtra  3,267 in all  or across india are essentially meant for water storage.
they are not designed for flood management.
advertisingmahajan maintained that between june 1 and october 30, reservoirs are monitored every 15 days to check the level of water.
on ncp chief sharad pawars claim that karnataka was asked to discharge water from almatti dam only after he spoke to prime minister narendra modi, resulting in water levels going down in flooded western maharashtra, mahajan said: chief minister devendrafadnavis has been in constant touch with his counterpart in karnataka, b s yediyurappa, to discuss water discharge from almatti dam.
his request was immediately reciprocated.
fadnavis was communicating directly with the pm, home minister amit shah and the karnataka cm if pawar wants to take the credit for things which he has not done, we have no problems.
but then where were the ncp leaders when it came to lending a helping hand?
i waded through neck-deep water to reach out to the people who were stranded.
show us one ncp leader who did the same.
they stood like distant spectators, he added.
the strike eventually began the day after a failed meeting with the cm on may 30.
then on june 2 came the long meeting followed by the announcement about the waiver and the withdrawal by the core committee.
(source: pti) the strike eventually began the day after a failed meeting with the cm on may 30.
then on june 2 came the long meeting followed by the announcement about the waiver and the withdrawal by the core committee.
(source: pti)on june 2, the day after maharashtras farmers went on strike, a rs 30,000 crore loan waiver announced by the government was followed by an announcement that the strike was being called off by a five-member core committee of agitating farmers, who had just met chief minister devendra fadnavis.
instead, the strike entered its fifth day monday, disrupting supplies to major urban centres and highlighting a divide among the agitating units.
in the process, at least one of those who had declared the strike called off has now backed its continuance.
when the withdrawal was announced, villagers of puntamba in ahmednagar, western maharashtra, where it all began, were upset that they had not been consulted, while farmers in other regions alleged that the waiver would help only those of western maharashtra.
this region has the highest number of small and marginal farmers  over 18 lakh as per the agriculture census, or 1 time sthe 12 lakh the count in marathwada, the next highest  and it was for such farmers that the waiver had been announced.
members of the core committee who attended the meeting now blame one another and the chief ministers office for putting pressure on them to take a decision.
advocate kamal sawant, one of the members of the core committee, told the indian express that some of them had wanted to consult villagers before calling the strike off.
but the chief ministers office was insistent that we should take a decision then and there, she alleged.
sawant has since expressed her support for the ongoing strike.
fadnavis denied any pressure was put on the committee members.
from the very beginning, i had expressed my willingness to engage in a dialogue with farmers organisations and representatives.
where is there any question of putting pressure when the government has accepted their demands?
he told the indian express.
on sunday, leaders of various organisations called a meeting attended by thousands of farmers who, upset with the core committees announcement, proposed a new committee with representatives of kisan sabha, swabhimani shetkari sanghatana, swabhimani sanghatana and other organisations.
swabhimani paksha mp raju shetti has called for a meeting to plan ahead.
on monday, congress and shiv sena members took part in the agitation, which was occasionally violent in parts of the state.
with farmers hit by a debt burden and falling prices, puntamba villages gram sabha had passed a resolution to go on a farmers strike back on april 3, says dr dhananjay dhanwate, managing director of the local asha kiran paraplegic care centre.
the resolution had sought a total loan waiver and a law to implement minimum support price, among various demands.
this was followed by some 200 neighbouring villages passing similar resolutions and threatening a strike.
the movement grew; a number of farmers allege they withstood efforts to break it.
the strike eventually began the day after a failed meeting with the cm on may 30.
then on june 2 came the long meeting followed by the announcement about the waiver and the withdrawal by the core committee.
by then, however, farmers from districts as far-flung as nashik, ahmednagar, nanded, parbhani, satara, kolhapur had joined in.
they refused to call off the strike.
b'a govinda at the top of human pyramid during dahi handi festival.
a govinda at the top of human pyramid during dahi handi festival.
the supreme court on wednesday upheld the bombay high courts decision banning youth below the age of 18 to participate in dahi handi ritual and restricting the height of the human pyramid to 20 feet.
the decision comes after maharashtra government had approached the apex court last week seeking clarity over the issue.
the bombay high court, in august 2014, had directed the state government to issue a circular providing details of the restrictions.
the matter was then taken to supreme court which put a stay on the high court ruling.
the matter once again surfaced after a city-based social worker swati patil filed a contempt petition against state government claiming that it was not following the bombay high courts orders.
supreme courts decision is crucial as the janmashtama festival is approaching and dahi handi ritual is an essential part of the celebrations in maharashtra.
however, there is a lot of risk involved while performing the ritual and it leads to serious injuries, sometimes fatal.
a model of bullet train coach on display for visitors at the magnetic maharashtra investor summit 2018 at bkc on monday.
(express photo by pradip das) a model of bullet train coach on display for visitors at the magnetic maharashtra investor summit 2018 at bkc on monday.
(express photo by pradip das)the maharashtra government on monday attracted total investment of rs 6 lakh crore, promising employment to 27.
71 lakh people across core sectors of affordable housing, infrastructure, energy, electronics and logistic parks.
the major component of the total 56 mous signed at magnetic maharashtra was from affordable housing sector with an investment of rs 3.
75 lakh crore, which can generate employment to 27 lakh people across maharashtra.
the total affordable houses built through these investments would be 14.
5 lakh.
what is more notable at magnetic maharashtra is the paradigm shift, with investments flowing into two- and three-tier cities/towns.
after signing 36 mous on the second day of the magnetic maharashtra: convergence 2018, fadnavis said, maharashtra as a preferred destination for investments is not unexpected.
but what has really changed is the ability to engage investors to look beyond the golden triangle of mumbai, pune and nashik.
we are getting investments across sectors in two- and three-tier cities such as palghar, nandurbar, wardha, nanded and nagpur among others.
it has always been our endeavor to distribute fruits of development to smaller cities and towns.
the policies and reforms of the state government in the last three years have helped to engage the investors to explore rural maharashtra as new investment destinations.
the process of tapping investments in agro-industries, specially to promote food processing units and textile parks to generate higher employment and boost rural economy, is the mainstay of the global business summit, he said.
investment in small towns and cities such as palghar, wardha, nanded, nandurbar, bhiwandi, aurangabad and nagpur is reflected in the mous.
the last two days saw the chief minister holding interactions with big corporate houses and global players to explore newer destinations for their projects and plants.
the sizeable investments in the housing sector was attributed to the special drive undertaken by the government to achieve its ambitious affordable housing for all by 2022.
energy sector and infrastructure also attracted investments.
among the big investments include virgin hyperloop one mou with pmrda to invest rs 40,000 crore and generate employment for 13,000 people.
gems and jewellery export promotion council bagged rs 13,800 crore investment.
chhatrapati shivaji industrial city at palghar got rs 12,000 crore investment and can create employment for 65,000.
mous in housing sector includes credai maharashtras investment of rs 1 lakh crore, which can create employment for 6.
95 lakh while building 5 lakh affordable houses; naredco, mmr with an investment of rs 90,000 crore and employment capacity of 6.
25 lakh to create 3 lakh affordable houses; mchi-credai, mmr investing rs 75,000 crore and creating employment for 5.
21 lakh, while building 2.
5 lakh affordable houses; khaleeji commercial bank & bhumi raj investing rs 50,000 crore to create 4 lakh employment while creating 2 lakh affordable houses; poddar housing, maharashtra investing rs 20,000 crore, creating employment for 2 lakh while creating 1 lakh affordable houses; mangal namoh gruhnirman pvt.
ltd., pune investing rs 25,000 crore and creating employment for 1.
8 lakh while building 90,000 affordable houses; and raj build infra llp bhivandi investing rs 2,946 crore and employing 11,000 people.
investments in the energy sector included rs 7,000 crore by adani green energy ltd. to create employment for 500; rs 15,560 crore by tata power company ltd creating employment for 1250 people; renew power ventures ptv.
ltd investing rs 14,000 crore and generating employment for 7000.
the cuffe parade police are on the lookout for a man who allegedly cheated a senior citizen under the pretext of helping his grandson get admission in a school in south mumbai.
the suspect, who identified himself as sachin ladge, claimed to be a friend of the personal assistant of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
advertisingthe complainant, umedhmal mali, a resident of bora bazaar street in cst, told police that he runs a shop and sells cloth pieces in mumbai.
he said he wanted his grandson to study in campion school and on march 23, he had arrived at the school to seek admission for him.
as things did not go well at the school, he came to the mantralaya to meet a minister in hope that someone would help him with the admission, said a police officer.
when the complainant was outside mantralaya, a man approached him, identifying himself as sachin ladge.
advertisinghe asked me why i had come to the mantralaya.
when i told him that i was looking for admission for my grandson, he said he could help me with it, mali said in his statement to the police.
mali said that ladge allegedly told him that the pa to fadnavis was his friend and would help with the admission.
ladge asked mali to pay him rs 90,000 and prepare a letter addressed to the chief minister.
i had rs 30,000 cash, which i handed over immediately.
but he wanted the remaining amount at the same time, so i took him to a friends shop and gave him the remaining amount, mali told the police.
ladge then asked him to get a letter addressed to the chief minister.
the two decided to meet near girgaum chowpatty in the evening.
after i reached girgaum chowpatty at 5 pm, i called him.
he started misleading me and eventually started ignoring my calls, mali said in his statement to the police.
when ladge stopped responding to his calls and messages, mali approached cuffe parade police in april.
on june 20, after conducting an inquiry, the police registered a case.
the mumbai metro rail corporation (mmrc) uploaded its detailed project report (dpr) for metro 3 on its website.
usually, such reports are not accessible by the public and a hefty amount is charged if they are sought by an rti.
rti activist anil galgali had written to chief minister devendrafadnavis , the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) commissioner, u p s madan, and mmrc managing director ashwini bhide on february 3, 2017, seeking access to dprs of all ongoing projects.
however, the mmrda is yet to take a decision on it.
it is a great step by the mmrc as it will help reduce misunderstandings about the project among the people.
metro 3 has already run into a lot of controversies and there are all sorts of questions regarding it.
when people see the dpr, they will have clarity and this will, in turn, help the agency implement the project smoothly, galgali said.
however, according to the mmrc, the dpr has been on the website since 2015.
the dpr was uploaded on the website in 2015.
the mmrc believes and practices transparent communication.
the dpr is believed to educate mumbaikars about the public good the project will bring and its significance to the citys commuters, said a spokesperson from the mmrc.
asked about the claim, galgali said: it is not true.
the dpr was not available earlier.
in fact, i received a letter saying it was uploaded on april 24.
a dpr includes all details regarding a project and is prepared by the implementing agency before the commencement of a project.
with the report becoming available in the public domain, people will be able to understand the projects better and without any cost.
the dpr can be viewed on mmrcs website http://www.
mmrcl.com/cuffe parade resident manjeet kripalani recounted her experience of obtaining documents from sthe mmrc a year ago: as it was not on the website earlier, i had to pay a huge sum of money to get it last year.
it is a very positive step by the mmrc as in an infrastructure project, it is best that everyone is able to see the details.
a citizen should also be able to assess and understand how much work the government has put into a project.
i would urge them to put all other reports on the website as well.
two weeks after a protest by marathi writers, the state government has approved the construction of a sub-centre for marathi language bhavan at airoli in navi mumbai.
this is being set up to bring all the offices of the marathi language department under one roof for better coordination.
advertisingofficials said the offices under the marathi language department such as the directorate of languages, maharashtra state board of literature and culture, maharashtra state marathi encyclopaedia production board and state marathi development institute and their regional offices will be accommodated at the bhavan.
the estimated cost of construction of the building is rs 17.
66 crore, an official said.
since these offices conduct several programmes related to language and literature development, it has been proposed that these offices should be accommodated in one building for better coordination, an official said.
the official also said while the sub-centre was being set up in navi mumbai, the search was on for a suitable piece of land in south mumbai or bandra kurla complex to build the main centre of marathi language bhavan.
initially, it was proposed at rang bhavan near dhobi talao but the plan was dropped following objections from the mumbai heritage conservation committee, the official added.
advertisinglast month, a delegation of marathi writers, including veteran madhu mangesh karnik, former president of the all india marathi literature meet laxmikant deshmukh and others had met chief minister devendrafadnavis to press for their demands of classical status to marathi, building a language bhavan, among others.
fadnavis had promised to look into their demands.
another official said city and industrial development corporation (cidco) had agreed to give a plot and construct the building.
a memorandum of understanding will be inked between the marathi language department and cidco to ensure that the construction is finished within a time frame, the official added.
b'maharashtra governor ch vidyasagar rao inspecting the tunnel along with chief minister devendrafadnavis at raj bhavan.
(source: twitter/devendra fadnavis) maharashtra governor ch vidyasagar rao inspecting the tunnel along with chief minister devendrafadnavis at raj bhavan.
(source: twitter/devendra fadnavis)maharashtra governor ch vidyasagar rao has discovered a 150-metre long underground british era bunker inside the raj bhavan complex at malabar hill.
officials from raj bhavan said the bunker had been closed for several decades.
the governor, who visited the bunker along with his wife and chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday, has decided to consult experts from various fields regarding its preservation.
the bunker, spread over an area of more than 5,000 sqft, has rooms bearing the names shell store, gun shell, cartridge store, shell lift, pump, workshop, etc.
there are also scores of lamp recesses in the gangway of the bunker, said an official.
about three months ago, when the governor was informed by old timers that a tunnel exists inside raj bhavan, the governor asked to have it opened, said an official.
public works department staff were surprised after they broke open a temporary wall that closed the entrance to the bunker on the eastern side.
instead of an underground tunnel, an entire barrack with 13 rooms of different sizes was found.
the bunker opens with a 20-ft tall gate and a ramp on the western side.
there are long passages and small-to-medium rooms on either side, explained the official.
even though the bunker was apparently closed after independence, it was found to be surprisingly intact.
interestingly, the entire underground bunker has a drainage system and inlets for fresh air and light, added the official.
chief minister devendrafadnavis visited the bunker late in the evening tuesday.
he later tweeted pictures of his visit and described the tunnel as an amazing discovery by the governor.
raj bhavan, formerly known as government house, served as the residence of british governors since 1885 when lord reay turned it into a permanent residence.
prior to 1885, the malabar hill residence served as the summer residence of the british governors and the government house at parel served as the governors residence before 1885.
historians say such bunkers are well known in military history.
it is good that the present governor is taking interest in history.
such bunkers used to be an escape routes for the then britishers to hide in an emergency.
also, a tunnel has been found below the government post office in fort.
so, it was common in those era, said deepak rao, a historian.
narsingh shevali (80), a member of the dhangar community from kumta budruk village in laturs ahmedpur taluka, had earned only rs 2,000 in august while working as a farm labourer in the drought-hit marathwada.
bhalchandra deshmukh (45) from halni village in ahmedpur owns eight acres.
a maratha, only half of his crops had survived the drought.
advertisingboth shevali and deshmukh were among thousands who walked miles to participate in chief minister devendrafadnavis mahajanadesh yatra, which passed from ahmedpur on august 31.
while between 2016 and 2018, the region was the epicentre of violent maratha quota agitation, this year, issues of drought and water scarcity are going to decide how the people of marathwada vote in the state polls.
the government has sanctioned maratha quota.
it is not the issue today.
what matters to us is our livelihood.
we are here as the chief minister is discussing our problems and providing solutions, said deshmukh.
on august 22, fadnavis had started the second phase of the yatra from marathwada.
by september 1, he had passed through all the 48 assembly constituencies in the district.
advertisingthe river inter-linking project, the marathwada water grid project and the governments plan to provide filtered water in villages seem to have caught the imagination of the people here.
at tea stalls, bus stands and village markets, the discussion centers around these projects.
how the elections pan out in marathwada, which has 48 seats, will depend on how these projects are perceived by the people.
at jawale bazar in hingoli, villager saytabhama gotekar said: we hope the water projects become a reality and end the ordeal of women here, especially from distant villages and hamlets.
on an average, women here walk 10 to 15 miles a day to fill water for their household needs.
in some cases, the male members of the family ferry the water-filled pitchers on two-wheelers.
minister for water and sanitation babanrao lonikar, who hails from marathwada, said, it is a fact that marathwada is worst hit by recurring drought.
but people know that the devendrafadnavis government is making concerted efforts to help in way of higher compensation packages for crop loss and several water projects.
also, agro-industrial projects worth rs 2.
5 lakh crore have been sanctioned for marathwada.
in the 2014 assembly elections, of the 48 seats in marathwada, bjp had won 16, shiv sena 11, congress and ncp nine each, independents two and aimim one seat.
however, the political equations have altered here as congress and ncp leaders have publicly joined the cms yatra recently.
at sillod, congress mla abdul sattar had joined the yatra during a roadshow.
it was followed by ranajagjit sinha patil, the mla from osmanabad, quitting ncp to join bjp last week at a rally in solapur.
the mla from barsi, dilip sopal, had joined bjp ally shiv sena last month.
he was with ncp.
independent mlas mohan fad (pathri) and vinakay jadhav patil (ahmedpur) have joined the bjp and taken the centrestage with fadnavis at his rallies.
earlier, mla jaydutt kshirsagar from beed, had quit ncp to join sena.
however, ncp leader dhananjay munde maintained that marathwada would not be a cakewalk for the bjp.
the government is answerable to the people for the prevailing agriculture crisis.
there are issues related to drought management.
it cannot entirely put the blame on poor monsoon, he said.
amruta fadnavis will walk the ramp with 16 acid attack survivors on sunday.
nirmal harindran amruta fadnavis will walk the ramp with 16 acid attack survivors on sunday.
nirmal harindranthe maharashtra womens commission is planning to propose stringent punishment for acid attack convicts and also make the offence non-bailable.
the state womens commission, in association with ngo divyaj foundation, has also organised an a confidence walk  saksham.
amruta fadnavis, wife of chief minister devendrafadnavis , is set to walk the ramp with 16 acid attack survivors along with many other celebrities and models on sunday at the national sports club of india, worli.
watch what else is making newsvijaya rahatkat, chairperson of the commission, said, currently, the convict is sent to jail for a maximum period of 10 years.
as this offence is bailable in certain situations, the punishment does not act as a sufficient deterrent in most cases.
often, the accused are let off on bail.
in many cases, these attackers threaten to kill the victims who are then forced to withdraw the case.
hence, we want to ensure that the accused should not be given bail.
we think lives of these girls are almost ruined due to the acid attack, a jail sentence of maximum 10 years does not see sufficient for this crime.
we plan to propose rigorous imprisonment of more than 10 years, she said.
rahatkat added, we are planning to submit our proposal to the state within three months, she said.
the commission has received details of the 32 acid attack victims from across the statethe commission is working to rehabilitate acid attack victims.
amruta said, giving this stage to these victors is just a first step towards rebuilding confidence within them.
we are talking to corporates to provide them appropriate jobs.
when celebrities and personalities will walk the ramp with these girls, it will give them a lot of confidence, she said.
sources said the final decision on alliance will be worked out by the cm and sena chief uddhav thackeray.
(express photo by nirmal harindran) sources said the final decision on alliance will be worked out by the cm and sena chief uddhav thackeray.
(express photo by nirmal harindran)ahead of 2019, the top bjp leadership seems to be on the lookout to mend fences with alliance partner shiv sena in maharashtra.
from party national president amit shah to union minister nitin gadkari, the bjp has in the recent past expressed optimism that bjp and the sena would enter into pre-poll alliances for the lok sabha and maharashtra elections next year.
earlier this week, while shah had said new delhi that bjp is keen on having an alliance with the sena for the polls, gadkari said on monday maintained that though the two parties have a lot of differences, they cant do without each other.
the shiv sena is among the oldest alliance partner of the bjp in the nda.
the bjp would like to have an alliance with the sena (in the upcoming elections), gadkari said while addressing mediaperspons in mumbai.
in january, sena had announced that it would contest the 2019 elections alone.
while lok sabha elections for 48 seats in maharashtra are scheduled in april-may 2019, the state polls are likely to be held on 288 seats in october-november next year.
quoting a marathi proverb tujha majha zame na, tujha vachun karme na (we have lot of differences, but still cant live without each other), he added that the situation was similar in this case.
asked if he would mediate between the two parties ahead of the polls next year, gadkari said chief minister devendrafadnavis and state bjp chief raosaheb danve would handle matters related to the state.
when contacted, state bjp minister for pwd and revenue, chandrakant patil, said: if sena refused to continue its alliance with the bjp, it could be a cakewalk for the congress-ncp combine.
the comment assumes significance as congress president rahul gandhi and ncp chief sharad pawar have already conveyed that their parties would go for pre-poll alliance to consolidate their secular vote bank.
aicc general secretary in charge of maharashtra, mohan prakash, said: it is our endeavour to unite like-minded parties to avoid division of votes, which works to bjps advantage.
ncp state chief jayant patil echoed similar sentiments.
the congress-ncp alliance will work against bjp and sena.
meanwhile, sources in the sena said the decision to contest lok sabha and assembly polls alone is not yet final.
a senior functionary said, frankly speaking, nothing is final yet.
a section believes if we have to come to power in the state and the centre, pre-poll alliance with bjp is a reality.
after all, a triangular fight between congress-ncp, bjp and sena would be detrimental for the organisation.
often in politics, you have to strike a hard bargain to push your agenda.
our hard talk is also part of the strategy to ensure that bjp treats us at par when we go for pre-poll talks, a sena leader said.
sources said the final decision on alliance will be worked out by the cm and sena chief uddhav thackeray.
with realignment of regional forces in uttar pradesh and karnataka, bjp is no longer speaking about contesting alone  a major shift compared to its stand three years ago.
even in 2014, when the modi wave was evident, the party fought the polls under the umbrella of grand alliance where bjp, sena, rashtriya samaj party, swabhiman shetkari sanghatana and republican party of india were united, a bjp insider said.
in 2014, while bjp had won 23 lok sabha seats, sena had won 18, congress 2, ncp 4 and swabhimani shetkari sanghatana 1.
in the state polls, while bjp had bagged 122 seats, sena had won 63, congress 42, ncp 41 and others 20.
following a request from the maharashtra government, karnataka on friday discharged 4.
8 lakh cusecs of water from the almatti dam, a move which is expected to ease the flood situation in the sangli and kolhapur districts of western maharashtra.
advertisingthe discharge from the dam was 4,30,352 cusecs at 10 am, which was later raised to 4,80,000 cusecs around 6 pm, an official in the chief ministers office (cmo) said.
the official said that on friday as well, fadnavis spoke to karnataka chief minister b s yediyurappa, requesting him to increase the discharge.
fadnavis on friday briefed prime minister narendra modi about the flood situation in sangli and kolhapur districts.
a statement from the cmo said the prime minister took detailed information on the situation, rescue and relief measures and assured all assistance from the centre.
advertisingthe centre and state, along with the neighbouring state, is closely working to bring the water levels down.
the rescue and relief operations are going on war footing, fadnavis told mediapersons.
earlier in the day, responding to oppositions criticism that the government has failed to effectively tackle flood, education minister ashish shelar said, it is very unfortunate that congress and ncp are busy misleading the people, instead to lending them support.
the state government has taken immediate relief and rescue measures.
on allegations that karnatakas lack of response to almatti dam discharge had led to the flood, shelar said, almatti dam is discharging 4,50,000 cusecs of water the opposition is making false charges against the karnataka government.
on oppositions charge that relief reached the affected areas late, shelar said, the august 2 government resolution is based on disaster management guidelines for natural calamities, which states that food and other relief would be provided only if the area remained under flood for two days.
food was supplied immediately, there was no delay.
b'82 year old samal narasubai cast her vote at a center in kamathipura for bmc election.
express photo by nirmal harindran, 21st february 2017, mumbai.
82 year old samal narasubai cast her vote at a center in kamathipura for bmc election.
express photo by nirmal harindran, 21st february 2017, mumbai.
the bjps astounding performance in the elections to the municipal corporations and other local bodies in maharashtra and odisha shows that the partys juggernaut is simply unstoppable.
there is overwhelming support, throughout the country, for prime minister narendra modi and his people-centric policies.
the bjps electoral base has remarkably cut across the urban-rural divide.
the maharashtra and odisha results and other electoral successes in the recent past demolish the theory that the bjps electoral fortunes would dip in the wake of demonetisation.
the elections have shattered another myth  that the bjp is a purely an urban party.
the fact that the party secured majorities in zila parishads in nine backward and tribal-dominated districts in odisha is a clear indication that people are with the bjp, irrespective of whether they hail from a city or village.
it is unusual for a party to do so well after being in power and sweep election after election, be it elections to the state assemblies, local bodies or by-elections.
the bjp has managed to do so under the leadership of narendra modi, guided by amit shahs astute political strategising.
the trend started with the local body elections in andaman and nicobar in 2015 when the bjp bagged the port blair municipal council and a majority of the zila parishad seats;a majority of those elected as pradhans are also from the party.
subsequently, the bjp scored a historic triumph in assam, the gateway to north-eastern states and formed the government for the first time in that state.
the party made steady inroads in states like kerala where it had no significant presence; it secured more than 14 per cent votes in the assembly elections to the state.
there was also an increase in the bjps vote share in west bengal.
in the by-polls held in west bengal, the communists were pushed to the third position.
i am sure the bjp would emerge as the principal rival to the ruling tmc in the months to come.
like the communists in west bengal, the congress slipped to the third position in tripura.
the party scored a landslide victory in the prestigious chandigarh municipal corporation when it bagged 20 of the 22 seats it contested, while the congress could manage only four seats.
the bjps vote share in these polls jumped from 28.
16 per cent to 42.
98 per cent.
it should be noted that these elections were held a month after demonetisation.
the party also performed impressively in the local body elections in gujarat, rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh, post-demonetisation.
what is remarkable about the bjps maharashtra performance is that the party contested on its own after 25 years.
not only did it do well in the zila parishad elections, it maintained its winning spree in the urban areas by bagging eight of the 10 municipal corporations.
notable among them are pune municipal corporation and pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation, the bastions of the nationalist congress party.
the partys performance in the local body polls in odisha is also commendable: the bjps strength in the local bodies increased from 36 to 297 seats  it increased almost 10 times.
in contrast, the fortunes of the congress have slumped and its strength has reduced from 128 to 66 seats.
the hard work put in by party activists by enrolling new members and the positive impact of the pro-people schemes like jan dhan yojana, pahal and pms fasal bima yojana at the grass root level have enabled the bjp to grow from strength to strength.
the remarkable showing of the bjp in mumbai and elsewhere not only boosted the spirits of the rank and file, but also sent out a clear message to our political rivals and critics of demonetisation that people fully endorsed modis drive against black money and corruption.
from andaman and assam to the latest round of local body polls, the narrative has been similar  the bjp has emerged as a truly national pan-india party with the expansion of its footprint to every nook and corner, while the congress party, which suffered defeat after defeat in a humiliating manner, has been reduced to a notional party from being a national party.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis is the young rising star in the countrys political firmament.
in maharashtra, the combination of narendra and devendra proved to be the winning one.
moreover, the hard work put in by cadres, as in most other states, led to a three-fold rise in the partys strength in the countrys richest municipal body  the brihanmumbai municipal corporation.
the series of electoral successes post-demonetisation clearly bears out that narendra modi not only continues to be the most popular indian leader, but also the most credible political personality.
apart from endorsing the nda governments policies, the people have clearly rejected the congress and its allies for pursuing opportunistic and decadent politics.
some of these opportunistic politicians have gone to the extent of politicising surgical strikes and also the recent warning by the army chief to those obstructing the anti-terrorist operations in jammu and kashmir.
with his unwavering commitment to development and transforming india into one of the top global economies in the world, the prime minister is determined to ensure that bjps mantra of sab ka saath sab ka vikas is achieved in letter and spirit, irrespective of the petty politicking and obstructionist politics by those opposed to the party.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray said on monday that the plan to build a rake shed for metro line 3 in aarey, which has become controversial on account of the trees that need to be cut, might meet the same fate as nanar oil refinery in the konkan region.
advertisingthere was similar issue with the nanar refinery also, said uddhav, while responding to a query on the senas stand on the tree cutting and car depot in aarey for the metro 3 project.
the sena chief was referring to the nanar oil refinery project in sindhudurg district which was to come up with massive saudi-uae investment.
the sena had objected to the project on grounds that it would have an adverse environmental impact on the entire konkan region, forcing the state government to shelve the project as a condition of the sena-bjp alliance for the 2109 lok sabha elections.
the sena chiefs remarks comes after opposition parties and environmental activists criticised him for double standards on the issue.
recently, uddhav had attended the inauguration of the metro bhavan project along with prime minister narendra modi.
but last week, sena leader aaditya thackeray had demanded a probe against the consultants for the metro line 3 (colaba-bandra-seepz) and funds spent on the consultants and insinuated a scam.
he had also sought the transfer of ashwini bhide, managing director of mumbai metro rail corporation limited (mmrcl), stating that the chief minister should appoint capable officers who will listen to the voices of mumbaikars.
advertisingon monday, aam aadmi party (aap) also accused the shiv sena of double-speak on the aarey issue.
aaditya thackeray makes bold statements about mumbai and about saving aarey.
but, nothing is done by him or his party to protect aarey other than his fancy tweets, said preeti sharma menon, national spokesperson of aap, and asked how shiv sena-ruled bmc had given approval to cut 2,646 trees in aarey for the metro shed.
menon further said that the environment department comes under shiv sena that can stop mmrcl but it is silent on this issue.
however, nanar and aarey are two different issues, and the political situation has also changed.
sena had objected to the nanar project due to the opposition from the locals in konkan region, a sena bastion.
also, then, it was the bjp that needed sena in an alliance for the lok sabha election, enabling sena to call the shots and have the project shelved.
it helped that land had not been acquired and no work had begun.
at aarey, much work on the metro project has already taken place.
also this time, it is the sena that needs the bjp, said observers.
the protesters alleged corruption in welfare schemes.
(express photo) the protesters alleged corruption in welfare schemes.
(express photo)traffic outside the state secretariat, mantralaya, remained blocked for almost half-an-hour tuesday afternoon when a group of specially challenged protesters took to the streets protesting government apathy.
members of the national federation of visually impaired persons stood on the road outside the main gate at mantralaya, raising slogans against chief minister devendrafadnavis and his government.
their main grouse was that government benefits they were eligible for were being denied owing to corruption and government apathy.
the group claimed while they had submitted a memorandum in this regard to the chief ministers office a month ago, it had elicited no response.
ironically, the protest comes days after fadnavis was complimented for promptly resolving a job-related matter pertaining a wheelchair-bound doctor.
while the policemen allowed the protesters to carry out their protest, they were later bundled off in police vans amid a steady downpour.
the federation has alleged the benefits available to the specially challenged under the government-sponsored sanjay gandhi niradhar yojana were not reaching them, and that these were being siphoned off by corrupt officials and middlemen at the district and village level.
while beneficiaries eligible under the scheme are provided a financial assistance of rs 600 a month, the protesters claimed families had not been receiving the entire amount.
the federation has also been demanding that the assistance be raised to rs 6,000 taking inflation and price rise into account.
but the government is yet to give in to this demand.
rahul patil, one of the protesters, fired a barb at the government and the lawmakers.
the government can raise salaries of lawmakers who are well-off.
but in 10 years, we have seen no hike in our financial assistance.
the government is deaf to the needs of the blind.
they should be ashamed of themselves.
the chief minister is away on an official trip to the us, but a senior official said the protesters demands would be looked into.
concept plan of the shivaji memorial in arabian sea.
(source: maharashtra government) concept plan of the shivaji memorial in arabian sea.
(source: maharashtra government)the maharashtra government spent rs 5.
83 crore on publicising the mid-sea bhoomipujan of the 210-metre-tall memorial of maratha king chhatrapati shivaji by prime minister narendra modi in december last year.
the event at which the prime minister also flagged off six other major infrastructure works with a combined construction cost of rs 1.
06 lakh crore for mumbai was a virtual show of strength by the bjp in the run up to the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) elections.
according to figures released by the general administration department, the maharashtra government had spent rs 2.
14 crore for putting up banners of the event across the state.
at least rs 55 lakh were spent in installing banners in mumbai alone.
a total of rs 2.
62 crore were spent on advertisements in newspapers.
the remaining amount was spent on the artwork and administrative expenses.
the bjp had been keen on taking credit for initiating work on the project which was first promised by the congress-ncp government in 1999.
chief minister devendrafadnavis had then credited the bjp government for starting the project and had blamed the previous regimes for sitting on the project for 15 years without getting any regulatory clearances.
for 15 years, people were only talking about this dream.
the previous government could not get a single regulatory clearance for this project in the last 15 years.
this government gave clearances to the project in six months, fadnavis had said.
the maharashtra government is facing a financial overburden.
its debt has spiralled by 26 per cent from rs 2.
69 lakh crore when the bjp took power in 2014 to rs 3.
71 lakh crore in the current fiscal.
the debt is expected to reach rs 4.
13 lakh crore next year.
the state government will be spending a rs 28,830 crore to serve this debt.
next year, the amount that it will spend on servicing its debt will be rs 31,000 crore.
we will not shy away from exposing the state government if it fails to execute the loan waiver scheme properly, thackeray said.
(file/photo) we will not shy away from exposing the state government if it fails to execute the loan waiver scheme properly, thackeray said.
(file/photo)shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on sunday said his party would not shy away from exposing the bjp-led maharashtra government if it fails to execute the loan waiver scheme properly.
thackeray, whose party is also a part of the ruling coalition in the state, claimed his outfit was the first to demand debt waiver and rued that maharashtra continues to top in farmer suicides.
it was the shiv sena which first raised its voice for loan waiver for farmers, when sharad pawar was the union agriculture minister.
maharashtra was on top in farmer suicides and unfortunately it is still at the top.
this was not the area where our state should have been at the top, he said in an interview to his partys mouthpiece saamana.
hence, the farmers should be debt-free was my demand, he said.
i have even asked the shiv sena workers to beat the drums outside the banks (as part of an agitation) and make them display the list of beneficiaries.
we will not shy away from exposing the state government if it fails to execute the loan waiver scheme properly, thackeray said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis had on june 24 announced the loan waiver of rs 34,022 crore after a state-wide agitation by farmers earlier last month.
on july 9, fadnavis said the entire debt of around 36 lakh farmers will be written-off under the scheme.
thackeray said, i want to see the names of 36 lakh farmers whose entire loan is going to be waived, in the state assembly.
fadnavis earlier said that there are 1.
34 crore farmers in maharashtra, of whom 90 lakh have availed crop loan.
out of them, 89 lakh farmers are eligible for the loan waiver scheme announced by the state government.
of the total 89 lakh beneficiaries, nearly 44 lakh farmers would get the maximum benefit of the scheme.
of these 44 lakh, the entire debt of 36 lakh farmers, who have an outstanding loan of up to rs 1.
50 lakh, would be completely waived, the chief minister had said.
the remaining farmers, whose outstanding loan amount is slightly more than rs 1.
50 lakh, can also avail the benefit by paying the difference above rs 1.
50 lakh cap, he had said.
the state has said that the entire loan of 36 lakh farmers will be waived while 89 lakh farmers will benefit from the scheme.
i want to see the names and i have asked the party workers to find out those farmers as well, thackeray said.
while announcing the loan waiver for marginal farmers in the state, the government had also promised rs 10,000 initial loan assistance at the start of the kharif season.
thackeray said, the government came up with a concept of providing rs 10,000 per farmer till the loan waiver scheme is being worked out.
the financial assistance was announced as a relief to farmers who may need it to purchase seeds and fertilisers.
it is more than a month and some 2,500 farmers have only opted for it.
if such a situation is not chaos, then what it is?
and if you talk about loan waiver, no bank has so far received clear instructions about loan waiver, he said.
b'the massive long march of the maharashtra unit of the all india kisan sabha (aiks).
express photo by prashant nadkar the massive long march of the maharashtra unit of the all india kisan sabha (aiks).
express photo by prashant nadkarmaharashtras agrarian distress, it seems, shows no signs of abating.
the latest worry for the state government is the issue of lending by private moneylenders, which seem to be growing at an alarming rate.
according to the economic survey of the state, lending by private moneylenders has seen a whopping 28 per cent increase in the last one year even as credit by cooperative banks show a significant dip.
since the enactment of the maharashtra money lending (regulation) act 2014, the state government keeps a tab on lending by private moneylenders through issuance of licences.
the commissionerate of cooperation, which issues such licences, also keeps a tab on lending and repayment by such private players.
private moneylenders generally are the go-to person in rural areas, where access to institutional credit is low.
the survey, which was published on thursday, notes a significant rise in lending by such players.
as of march 31, 2017, 10,95,701 loanees availed loans worth rs 1,614.
76 crore from private moneylenders in the state.
this was a 28.
7 per cent increase from the rs 1,254.
97 crore lent by private players by the end of march 2016 when 10,56,273 loanees had turned to them.
interestingly, there has been no significant increase in the number of licensed moneylenders in the last two years with 2017 noting 12,214 active licences against 12,208 licences by the end of march 2016.
the increase in lending by non-institutional players comes in the backdrop of a dip in lending by both commercial and cooperative banks.
figures in the economic survey show scheduled commercial banks disbursed 124.
9 per cent of their targets for agriculture and allied sectors in 2016-17 but, till september 2017, they had disbursed just 33.
6 per cent of their targets for the current financial year.
in the cooperative sector, the picture is equally worrisome as the 31 district central cooperative banks (dccbs) have been recording a steady dip in their loan outlays.
as against the rs 44,231-crore loans disbursed by these primarily rural banks by march 2015, just rs 43,368 crore was disbursed by them till march 2017.
if agricultural credit from financial institutions have seen a dip, the default in this sector has seen a rise.
thus scbs, which had reported rs 252.
1 crore outstanding by the end of financial year 2015-16, reported rs 280.
5 crore outstanding by march-end 2017.
the defaults have been larger in the cooperative sector, which reported outstanding of rs 48,946 crore by the end of financial year 2016-17 as against rs 47,454 crore by march 31, 2016.
kishore tiwari, head of the state governments committee on farm distress, said these figures bring out the slow but steady collapse of institutional lending in rural areas.
people are turning to private moneylenders as banks are turning them away, he said.
tiwari fears an increase in farmer suicides as more and more farmers approach moneylenders in desperation.
the credit policy reform has just remained on paper, he said.
maharashtra saw an unprecedented farmers strike last june when farmers came out on roads to demand a full farm loan waiver.
that strike prompted chief minister devendrafadnavis to announce the chhatrapati shivaji maharaj shetkari samman yojana, which was to see waiver of rs 1.
5 lakh and incentive of rs 20,000 for accounts which were regular.
a total of 47,46,222 farmers had applied for the scheme and, by the end of december 2017, rs 10,913.
28 crore had been credited to loan accounts of 27,13,055 farmers.
as the state government prepares to present its budget on friday, around 20,000 farmers have started on a long march from nashik to mumbai to draw attention to their plight.
organised by the all india kisan sabha, they plan to gherao the state assembly.
all india kisan sabhas ajit nevale said more and more farmers were falling off the net of institutional finance and this would have a long-term effect in the days to come.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(source: express photo by pradip das) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(source: express photo by pradip das)the skill to sense electoral merit, was until now considered to be congresss speciality.
the recent elections in maharashtra show that bjp has mastered the art to outsmart not only indias gop  but all of the opposition.
the bjp, for the recent elections, had a two-pronged strategy.
fight wherever it is strong.
and, wherever it isnt, import whoever is strong.
it has worked to remarkable effect  the party has bagged eight of the 10 municipal corporations where elections were held.
take the case of pune, for example.
watch video | a quick look at final tally of bmc election & pmc election results 2017there, more than half of bjps elected corporators are either from the ncp, congress or shiv sena.
in pune, it was the ncp and congress that ruled for over a decade.
once a fiefdom of congresss suresh kalmadi, it later became a strong bastion of the ncp, especially of ajit pawar.
for over a year, the bjp selectively wooed many lieutenants of pawar jr including one of the most maligned, an all-party-experienced toll-contractor.
throwing all talk about probity and transparency to the poll wind, the said contractor was handed over the responsibility to manage maharashtras cultural capital.
the result is that bjp recorded a historic win in pune, thanks to a large number of leaders borrowed from all parties.
ditto is the case in neighbouring pimpri chinchwad.
here, the bjp handed over the reins of its party to a former ncp strongman who brought in the saffron fold many ajit pawar loyalists.
watch video | nitin gadkari congratulates maharashtra cm, kirit somaiya says mumbai chose developmentsimilar is the story in nashik where raj thackeray-led mns was ruling for last five years.
the younger thackeray had no chance of continuing this run, largely due to his partys inept and lacklustre handling of governance.
here, too, ahead of elections, the bjp gobbled up almost the entire city unit of the mns  and pocketed nashik.
the story in ulhasnagar, another mega city bordering mumbai, too, is the same.
here, the bjp showed little inhibition joining hands with local muscleman pappu kalani.
interestingly, it was this notorious gangster who was at the centre of bjps campaign against criminalisation of politics in early 90s.
the bjps late gopinath munde had then accused maharashtras former chief minister sharad pawar of shielding kalani.
in the current election, the gangster-turned-politician was bjps accomplice.
result: bjp along with kalani clan will rule the city.
of the eight municipal victories, bjp had a strong chance only in two: nagpur and akola.
watch video | following bmc polls failure sanjay nirupam offers resignation as mumbai congress chiefthe former is home to the rss headquarters and two bjp veterans chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari.
the bjp has retained the municipal body.
akola, too, is in the same vidarbha region where the bjp has a strong presence.
apart from these two, bjp has won in amravati thanks again to another congress-ncp veteran who was inducted into the party.
the defining story of this local-body election is in mumbai where it was in power with shiv sena for over 25 years.
this is the city the bjp always wanted to rule but couldnt because of the sena.
here, divorce was always on the cards.
this election offered a perfect timing for the bjp to test its mettle in the megalopolis.
the gamble worked to an extent that bjp has shown a nearly 300  growth.
it had three distinct advantages over the sena.
one, the people of mumbai were tired of the senas childish politics; two, the city has witnessed a huge influx of north indians which are not sympathetic to sena and the last is chief ministers devendrafadnavis own image.
all three were set to work in favour of the bjp which for the last two years has undertaken various mega infrastructure projects in mumbai.
so there was something on the ground for the bjp to showcase vis-a-vis the senas personality-driven, largely empty, politics.
banking on fadnaviss image, bjp at the right time opened up the debate on corruption in the rs 40,000-crore municipal corporation.
by taking on sena head on, the bjp has emerged as a serious option to the sena.
however, it wasnt strong enough to overtake it.
largely because the sena still has a fairly robust party mechanism on the ground and bjp is far from building it.
so is the case in thane, where the sena maintained its hold.
the election throws another important story.
that the largest portion of the states political space now is with the bjp.
it has also made major inroads in zilla parishads where it had not so much of a presence.
and that congresss decimation continues while ncp stays on road to become irrelevant.
the bjp reminds political observers of the congress of the 80s.
totally focused just on one point: electoral success.
and just as the congress couldnt care less about the means as long as it achieves its end, the bjp today shows the same traits.
its safe to say, that one big signal from maharashtra is that bjp could be the new congress.
b'the cm was the chief guest at the event.
(kevin dsouza) the cm was the chief guest at the event.
(kevin dsouza)mobile ticketing will change the way mumbai travels, said chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday while speaking at the fourth anniversary celebrations of mumbai metro one.
we are integrating all modes of transport in the city.
once we start water transport post monsoon, we can integrate that as well.
with mobile ticketing, once commuters download the app, they can travel anywhere and at any time.
it will change the way the city travels, fadnavis said at the event at versova metro station.
the chief minister also launched the extended version of mobile ticketing app skiiip q, which will help commuters generate ticket using a qr code on the phone and avoid queues for tickets at metro stations.
while we had earlier started skiiip q for allowing commuters to purchase single and return journey tickets, we have now extended it to also include monthly and store value passes, said a senior mmopl official.
commuters can book their journey through the app, which will generate a qr code and that can be scanned at the automatic fare collection (afc) gates to enter the metro station.
according to mmopl, mumbai metro one is the first metro corridor in the country to have a mobile ticketing service.
it will be the first in india and very few metros in the world have it, said abhay kumar mishra, the ceo, mmopl.
the chief minister also released a coffee table book showcasing the four year journey of mumbai metro and inaugurated the majhi metro art train of award-winning paintings, poems and photographs.
for a city like mumbai, this has become a mobile art gallery, he said.
speaking at the programme, he also stressed on the need for the metro in the city.
metro has changed the entire space of mobility in mumbai.
public transport is necessary for the development of a city.
the suburban railway has been serving people for the last 60-70 years but now, mumbai needs the service of such modes like the metro, which is fast, efficient and green.
when you travel by metro, you do not need a secondary transport service as it has stations every one to two kilometres.
it runs on electricity and so, it is a clean transport.
the underground metro 3 will bring down as much pollution as planting three crores trees.
around 250 kms of metro corridors are being built, but the pioneer will always be the pioneer.
this metro will guide the other metros, he added.
mumbai.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)the bjp-led government in maharashtra has revoked the action that the excise department had launched against two marathwada-based distilleries accused of taking part in alleged illicit liquor frauds.
sugar baron ratnakar gutte owns one of the distilleries being probed.
ncp sitting mla babanrao shindes family controls the other.
gutte had unsuccessfully contested 2014 assembly polls from parbhanis gangakhed as candidate of bjp-led alliance.
last october, state excise commissioner v radha had permanently revoked the licences of both distilleries for their alleged role in separate illegal liquor nets.
her department had also lodged criminal complaints in both cases.
on january 10, state excise minister chandrasekhar bavankule issued separate orders ordering restoration of the permits and cancellation of the excise commissioners orders.
the sunday express possesses copies of both orders.
the governments intervention comes at a time when proceedings in related matters are on in bombay high court.
bavankule has remarked that his orders were interim in nature and will be subject to the outcome of court matters.
both firms had filed appeals to the ministers office challenging the departments action.
while deciding the appeals, bavankule has gone with evidence put forth by excise officials in justification of the action against the firms, but has cited long-term social impact that a permanent closure of these units may have on the backward marathwada region as the main reason to upturn the revocation.
production was shut in both distilleries for three months; no further penalties have been imposed in the ministers orders.
the firms should pay up the full extent of evaded duty on the goods, bavankule has observed.
the department must continue the legal process in criminal complaints filed in this respect.
in guttes case, licence of his molasses-based distillery  gangakhed sugar and energy pvt ltd (parbhani), which has a capacity of 60 kilolitres per day  was revoked on october 21, 2016.
the department accused the firm of illegally supplying ethanol or rectified spirit for manufacture of illicit liquor.
the firm was also charged with unauthorised transportation of intoxicants, unauthorised sale of duty-evaded intoxicants and violation of norms.
on september 6, 2016, the departments enforcement division claimed that it had intercepted a tanker (mh04 ds 9808) containing 20,000 litres of duty-evaded rectified spirit from pathardi.
investigators said driver and cleaner were arrested and revealed that the consignment had originated from guttes distillery and was being transported to an illicit alcohol maker, a contention gutte has denied.
gutte contended that all processes in the distillery were carried out under the supervision of the excise officials.
on october 17, 2016, v radha had revoked the country liquor licence of osmanabad-based vitthal distilleries private limited, run by shindes family, in a two-year-old case where excise investigators had accused the firm of illegal sale and disposal of 23,227 litres of country liquor.
the firm challenged the contention.
the minister sided with the investigators but granted relief, making similar grounds as in guttes case.
file photo: chief minister devendrafadnavis buying fresh farm vegetables at a shetkari bazaar to promote farmers vegetables and fruits.
(express photo by shubhangi khapre/file) file photo: chief minister devendrafadnavis buying fresh farm vegetables at a shetkari bazaar to promote farmers vegetables and fruits.
(express photo by shubhangi khapre/file)as many as 4,894 villages in drought-hit marathwada and vidarbha are going to adopt smart agriculture practices under a new project climate resilient agriculture (pocra), undertaken by the state government with the help of the world bank.
the state government has prepared a detailed draft which would address the chronic water crisis in the districts, and create effective management techniques to ensure increased farm production despite erratic climate changes.
the project entails climate smart villages integrated with community water management and climate resilient agriculture practices.
the total cost of the project is rs 4,000 crore of which the state would contribute 30 per cent.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , while announcing the project, stressed on the need for incorporating practices to manage the effects of climate change and water management projects to bring reforms in agriculture.
he spoke on the necessity to bring changes in crop patters along with precise weather forecasts using advanced technology.
fadnavis indicated that drought-proofing will have to consider multiple aspects to make agriculture robust.
marathwada has 8,522 villages, all of them categorized drought-affected.
whereas vidarbha, accounts for 8,570 drought-stricken villages.
pocra covers 3,000 villages in marathwada and 1,000 in vidarbha.
apart from these, 894 villages from vidarbha have been included for salinity improvement under pocra.
thus, the total number of villages covered under pocra is 4,894.
the proposed smart agriculture climate services would include weather and crop-related interventions.
it compulsorily stresses on establishing automated weather forecasting system to provide real-time data at the cluster level, agro-advisory and identification of crop-related water sources per village.
pocra calls for a special component on regularly monitoring the cropping system.
it recommended seed technology, precision farming along with diversification of agriculture to coarse grains.
with 82 per cent of the cultivable area of the state falling under dry farming coupled with consecutive drought, the state government has now turned towards addressing the concerns of small and marginal farmers.
the draft insists on soil health tests as vital for healthy agro-growth.
other aspects in the draft stress on increasing the water storage capacity through water conservation as well as smart water management.
it calls for making drip and sprinkler irrigation methods necessary to efficient water management and higher crop yield.
this is clubbed with development of local markets through value chains to facilitate the flow of agriculture produce along with a mechanism to ensure quick financial returns.
in the last two years, due to drought the food grain decline during kharif and rabi seasons dipped to 18 and 27 per cent respectively.
a highly placed source in the government said, chief minister devendrafadnavis has shared his vision maharashtra document with a groups of officials.
once the parameters are drafted, they would be discussed with the corporate sector for implementation in villages from october 2.
a highly placed source in the government said, chief minister devendrafadnavis has shared his vision maharashtra document with a groups of officials.
once the parameters are drafted, they would be discussed with the corporate sector for implementation in villages from october 2.
with the government announcing a public-private partnership scheme to develop 1,000 most backward villages, work is now on to come up with a draft identifying critical parameters a model village must meet.
a highly placed source in the government said, chief minister devendrafadnavis has shared his vision maharashtra document with a groups of officials.
once the parameters are drafted, they would be discussed with the corporate sector for implementation in villages from october 2.
the top priority in vision maharashtra is eradication of poverty.
maharashtra, with a total population of 11.
25 crore, has 2 crore people in the below poverty line (bpl) category.
per capita income in rural areas is much lower than in urban areas.
the urban-rural population ratio in maharashtra is 45 per cent-55 per cent respectively.
fadnavis has indicated that a significant aspect of the village transformation is to bring to them a more sustainable agriculture and economic model, providing basic facilities such as water and power to the villagers for agriculture growth.
it also will have to be backed with scientific agriculture practices to maximise production with minimum resources.
steps in this direction include solar agriculture pumps to cut down consumption of electricity and expanding the jalyukta shivar scheme to make every village water-sufficient.
the transformation of villages seeks to double farm production income from rs 7,500 to rs 15,000 per month.
another critical factor is to find jobs for 40 lakh unemployed youths.
for this, they will be imparted skill-training keeping in mind the rural job requirements along with greater impetus on agro-industries.
the cm has repeatedly stated that while 55 per cent rural population relies on agriculture for livelihood, the sector does not provide as many jobs.
this gap will have to be filled with the skill development and job generations in related sectors such as agro-based-cottage industries.
the inadequate health and education infrastructure remains another major concern.
another factor given significance is the digitalisation of villages, with the cm looking at complete digitalisation of 29,000 gram panchayats.
office-bearers of the samiti said they had given a call for farmers strike on last june 1 over demands, including complete farm loan waiver, minimum support price for farm produce, among others.
(pti photo) office-bearers of the samiti said they had given a call for farmers strike on last june 1 over demands, including complete farm loan waiver, minimum support price for farm produce, among others.
(pti photo)in a move thats likely to hit markets across maharashtra, the all india kisan sabha (aiks) has asked farmers to stop sending milk and vegetables to urban areas from june 7 unless the government accepts its demands.
the demands include a complete farm loan waiver, minimum support price for farm produce, implementation of the recommendations of the swaminathan commission and the forest rights act, among others.
ashok dhawale, president of the kisan sabha, said they have decided to stop the supply as the government has failed to respond to the crisis in the dairy and agricultural sector.
the government has failed to act on our demands.
so, we carried out the farmers long march from nashik to mumbai.
but the government hasnt done anything in the last three months on our demands, said dhawale.
ajit nawale, state general secretary of aiks, said despite the excess production of tur, sugar and milk, the state government was importing these commodities.
so, we will present the tur imported from mozambique, sugar imported from pakistan and milk imported from gujarat and karnataka to chief minister devendrafadnavis on june 5, said nawale.
he said if the government failed to act on their demands, then we will urge the farmers to take matters into their own hands.
if the government still doesnt act, then we will do rasta roko across the state on june 10, he added.
aiks members said they have urged the protesting dairy farmers not to spill milk on the road and, instead, to distribute it free-of-cost to underprivileged members of the society.
on the strike by the rashtriya kisan mahasangh from friday, the leaders clarified that they have extended their support to the strike since it was also on farmers issues.
while theirs is a strike, ours is a protest we are carrying out a separate protest, said nawale.
meanwhile, on the second day of the nation-wide farmers strike, milk collection in pune fell by 10 per cent.
vishnu hinge, chairman of the pune dairy union, said they have noticed declining supplies from the talukas of daund, indapur and ambegaon.
the situation in kolhapur, however, seemed to be unaffected by the strike.
vishwas patil, chairman of the kolhapur milk union, said they have not faced any issues with procurement.
the directorate of marketing has set up a special cell to monitor the arrival of vegetables in the wholesale markets.
officials of the directorate said arrival of fresh produce has been close to normal.
directions have also been issued to market committees to ensure that they remain open for trading.
while supply of fresh produce remained largely normal on friday, rajendra shelke, president of the traders and commission agents association of vashi market, said arrivals had dipped slightly on saturday.
sandeep gidde, one of the coordinators of the strike in maharashtra, said it has received support from the maratha kranti morcha, the aam aadmi party and the ncp.
the protest is gathering momentum many of the protesting farmer were taken into custody in sangli, sangamner and other parts of the state, he said.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: file photo)the ongoing strike by radiologists across the state against what they called irrational implementation of the pcpndt act was called off on wednesday, with the maharashtra state branch of indian radiology and imaging association (msbiria) stating that chief minister devendrafadnavis had promised to look into their demands.
the protest at azad maidan and the shutdown of radiology services since june 20 was in order to protest the arrest and charges against dr ashutosh jape in pune and similar charges against 52 other doctors under the said law.
the pre-conception and pre-natal diagnostic techniques (pcpndt) act bans prenatal sex determination and monitors any possible misuse of prenatal diagnostic techniques.
watch video: whats making newsa committee of the protesting radiologists held a meeting with fadnavis on tuesday, putting forward their demands to quash all charges against dr jape, release his machines and to issue clear guidelines for uniform implementation of the act so that officers do not initiate such harsh action, including sealing of machines for errors in paperwork.
the cm has agreed to our demands and thus we are calling off the strike but we will make sure the promises made to us are fulfilled, said dr jignesh thakker, coordinator for indian radiology and imaging association (iria).
the msbiria feels the pcpndt act is not wrong but a basic deficiency is the possibility of punishment for small errors in record maintenance.
how can a radiologist be blamed for female foeticide for a paperwork error, said one of the protesters.
we are not asking any change in the act but its implementation, said dr sanjeev mani, md, honorary secretary, msbiria.
kanhaiya kumar, president of the jnu students union kanhaiya kumar, president of the jnu students unionjnu students union leader kanhaiya kumar claimed today that he was not permitted to enter the gallery of the maharashtra legislative council even though he followed all stated procedures.
kumar said he went through the necessary security checks after entering the premises, but that his entry pass was kept on hold.
he added that he was not given a reason as to why he was denied entry into the gallery.
i wanted to see the discussion over separate statehood for vidarbha in the legislative council and the time allotted to me was between 12 and 1 pm.
despite reaching at about 12.
20 pm, the security guards kept dilly dallying and did not allow me to enter within the stipulated time, he told reporters.
it shows that the authorities are not following the laws and constitution, but the orders of ruling partythey want law making bodies to be inaccessible to the citizens of india.
our constitution and democracy is under attack, kumar said.
maharashtra is governed by the bjp-shiv sena alliance.
it could not be independently confirmed whether kumar was denied entry due to security procedures.
at the same time, despite chief minister devendrafadnavis assurance to the assembly that there was no proposal before the state government for a separate statehood for vidarbha, opposition parties in the council refused to let the house function and demanded that the cm propose an akhand maharashtra resolution.
sambhaji bhide sambhaji bhidethe pune city police on tuesday denied followers of hindutva leader sambhaji bhide permission to organise a rally on wednesday.
despite the denial of permission, members of bhides organisation, shri shiv pratishthan, said that they would gather near shaniwar wada to press for their demands.
members of the pratishthan have demanded that the organisers of the elgar parishad, held on december 31 at shaniwar wada, as well as those who spoke at the one-day conference, should be arrested.
they have also demanded that the cases against bhide should be withdrawn.
additional commissioner of police ravindra sengaonkar said, we have denied permission for the rally in pune city, considering the law and order situation.
strict action will be taken against those who violate the order.
but sanjay jadhar, of the shri shiv pratishthans pune unit, said, in spite of the denial of permission, we have decided to gather near shaniwar wada at 10 am and raise our demands.
we have two main demands  arrest of the organisers and participants of elgar parishad, whose acts led to the violence, and withdrawal of the false case against bhide guruji.
we expect at least 10,000 people to participate .
after the denial of permission, a number of workers of the organisation gathered near the office of the additional commissioner of police.
they discussed wednesdays course of action, and dispersed.
bhide (85) and another hindutva leader, milind ekbote (60), have been booked under charges of orchestrating violence on january 1, when lakhs of dalits had gathered at the jaystambh in perne to mark the 200th year of the battle of koregaon bhima.
violent clashes had broken out between dalit and maratha groups, leaving one person dead.
ekbote was arrested on march 14 and is currently in judicial custody in yerawada jail.
the elgar parishad was among the events organised to mark the anniversary of the battle.
an offence was also registered against six persons, including members of the pune-based group kabir kala manch, on charges of creating communal disharmony through their provocative slogans, speeches, pamphlets and booklet at the elgar parishad.
a similar case was also registered against independent dalit mla from gujarat jignesh mevani and student leader from jnu umar khalid for their speeches at the elgar parishad.
on monday, thousands of dalits from across maharashtra had gathered in mumbai to demand the arrest of bhide.
nearly 20,000 people had gathered at azad maidan in mumbai, under the leadership of prakash ambedkar of bharipa bahujan mahasangh, to demand bhides arrest.
the protest had also received the support of the communist party of india, the peasants and workers party, sambhaji brigade and the aam aadmi party.
after the violence on january 1, two women dalit activists had come forward, whose statements had led to an fir against bhide and ekbote.
while one of them, anita salve, said in her statement that she saw bhide and ekbote at the site of the violence, the other activist said that the duo orchestrated the violence through their followers.
pune rural police claim to have evidence against ekbote, who had held a press conference on december 30 opposing the gathering of dalits at koregaon bhima.
ekbote had also submitted a letter to the district collector on december 29, saying government facilities should not be provided to the programme.
police have maintained that they do not have sufficient evidence against bhide, and the probe against him is on.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(pti photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(pti photo)political skirmishes ahead of the elections turned more intense on monday with the bjp approaching the bkc cyber police station alleging that a woman worker of the shiv sena made personal attacks on chief minister devendrafadnavis on a social networking site.
the bjp alleged that a photograph of the cm at a function was posted by the woman on facebook in the early hours of monday, including a personal remark regarding fadnavis.
bjp social media cell officials approached the bkc cyber police station in the evening to register a complaint against the woman along with others who commented on the post.
watch what else is making newsthe written complaint submitted by devang dave, social media head of the maharashtra bjp, says shiv sena office-bearer aasha savarkar-rasal had in her facebook post tried to tarnish the cms image.
the complaint goes on to add that another person identified as vikas raibhan also made some derogatory references in the comments section.
by doing so, the complaint adds, the sena has not only insulted the cm but the state of maharashtra too.
it asks the police to register an offence under the information technology act and for causing disrepute to someones character.
it is clear that shiv sena is panicking as it is losing the bmc elections, and is intimidated to stoop to this level.
degrading, disrespecting women and defaming our cm is not acceptable to the bharatiya janata party, said dave.
by monday evening, the facebook post had been shared 29 times with 121 comments on the post.
aasha identifies herself as the kalyan deputy shakha pramukh of the shiv sena on her facebook page.
when contacted, rasal said she had just given a tagline to a photograph that had already gone viral.
there is nothing about what i wrote that should tarnish the reputation of anyone.
i stand by what i wrote and there is too much being read into it, she said, adding, if anyone comments on the post, i cannot go and stop them.
the bkc cyber police have meanwhile registered an offence in the matter against rasal and raibhan under section 500 (defamation), a non-cognisable offence.
farmers holding a rally during the 2nd day of their statewide protest in latur, maharashtra on friday.
pti photo farmers holding a rally during the 2nd day of their statewide protest in latur, maharashtra on friday.
pti photothe farmers from maharashtra have withdrawn their strike today after holding a meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis who promised to take a series of measures to meet their demands.
a delegation of farmers from puntambe village had come to mumbai to meet fadnavis last night after he invited them for discussion.
fadnavis announced the decision through his twitter account after a four-hour long discussion.
minister of state for cooperation and marketing sadabhau khot also confirmed about the development.
the farmers were planning a strike from june 1 to press for their demands like loan waiver and free electricity.
the strike is withdrawn and there should not be any violent protests against state anymore, fadnavis said.
the marginal farmers outstanding loan will be waived.
necessary steps will be taken by october 31.
the act of offering lower than minimum support price to farmers produce, it will be considered as criminal act and charges will be framed, are the demands state government has agreed to, sandeep gidde, who leads the delegation of puntambe farmers told pti today.
various organisations of farmers and small factions participated in the meeting.
meanwhile, a few group of farmers distanced themselves from the decision of calling off of the strike.
the state government has also promised more reforms such as revising of milk prices to giving farmers a benefit, formation of state-level commission for agricultural costs and prices, appointment of independent observer on dairy business, setting up of more cold storages and agro-processing units, are the promises made by the state government, the chief minister said.
the state government has also agreed to provide financial assistance to the family members of farmer ashok more, who died on june 1 when police were dispersing the protesting mob, fadnavis said.
though, farmers strike is withdrawn the state government has agreed to withdraw cases against genuine farmers alone.
those who were non-farmers and deliberately tried to create a ruckus will not be spared, he said.
sudhir mungantiwar and deepak kesarkar ahead of maharashtra budget.
(express photo by amit chakraborty) sudhir mungantiwar and deepak kesarkar ahead of maharashtra budget.
(express photo by amit chakraborty)the maharashtra state budget 2017-18 will be presented in the assembly today.
the economic survey report (2016-17) was presented to the state legislature on friday and has pointed to accelerated growth in the countrys most industrialised state despite the demonetisation move.
the projection of a double-digit positive growth for the farm sector, which provides livelihood to over 58 per cent of the states population, is good news for the bjp-led government.
maharashtras rural economy, which has been on a downward spiral since 2014-15, rebounded on the back of a good monsoon spell in 2016-17 with a 12.
5 per cent positive growth.
on friday, chief minister devendrafadnavis led a delegation of sena and bjp leaders to meet finance minister arun jaitley to ask the centre for an institutional credit mechanism to help 31 lakh farmers who cannot avail crop loans due to pending debts.
here are the highlights from maharashtra budget06.
00 pm: to promote cashless transactions vat on card swipe machines has been reduced to 0  from existing 13.
5  by the government.
05.
25 pm: mahatma phule jan arogya yojana to be implemented by expanding the rajeev gandhi jeevandayi arogya yojana and amount of rs 1316 crore will be provided for the project.
05.
15 pm: the government is looking forward towards the completion of sewri-nhava-sheva sea link, navi mumbai airport, navi mumbai metro in the mmrda region.
05.
05 pm: green buildings to be constructed in the state for saving electricity and water.
provision of rs 361 crores for incentive grant received from the central government for the non- conventional energy.
mahagenco to establish 750 mw solar energy projects in the first phase, rs 525 crores to be provided for the project.
05.
00 pm: an amount of rs 1,549 crore to be provided for ensuring quality health services to the rural population, while rs 77.
50 crore will be provided for facility of ct- scan machines in 31 hospitals for accurate diagnosis of common patients.
rs 559.
30 crore to be allotted for construction and strengthening of government medical colleges and hospitals.
rs 211 crore for providing best health services to the cities having pop up to 50k under the national urban health mission.
04.
50 pm: rs 126 crore to be provided to upgrade the cancer hospital at aurangabad as state level cancer research institute and cancer treatment centres at revenue divisional headquarters will be established, so that cancer patients in the state can avail the treatment at a shorter distance.
an amount of rs 43 crore will be provided for facility of mammography machines, colposcope and velscope machines at 253 govt health institutes for diagnosis of breast cancer, ovarian cancer and oral cancer.
04.
48 pm: an amount of rs. 200 crore has been allotted to annasaheb patil economically backward classes development corporation for development of the economically backward classes.
04.
45 pm: an assistance of rs 100 crore to be provided from the central govt for reducing pollution of mula and mutha rivers.
04.
42 pm: a sum of rs 80 crore has been proposed to encourage eco- tourism in navegaon- nagzira, pench tiger reserve, umred karhandla sanctuary areas.
04.
40 pm: rs 25 crore margin money for stand-up scheme has been declared by the government to encourage entrepreneurship amongst youths of sc and new buddhists communities.
04.
38 pm: rs 1884.
99 crore has been allotted for sanjay gandhi niradhar yojana and shravan bal seva nivritti vetan (shravan bal service pension) scheme.
04.
35 pm: rs 6754 crore is proposed for the tribal sub plan which is in accordance with the tribal population.
04.
32 pm: rs 7231 crore is allotted for scheduled caste sub plan in proportion with the scheduled caste population.
04.
30 pm: a provision of rs 100 crores has been allotted for mihan project at nagpur.
along with the development of airports at karad, amrawati, solapur and chandrapur, necessary funds will be provided for upgrading the nagpur airport to international level.
04.
25 pm: liquor prices hiked in maharashtra after value-added tax (vat) on mrp of country and foreign liquor was raised from 23.
08  to 25.
93 04.
20 pm: roads of length 2,211 kms to be improved with the completion of 252 major bridges under the central road fund.
an amount of rs 50 crore will be made available for the establishment of maharashtra railways infrastructure development company.
a provision of rs 1,630 crores for mukhyamantri gram sadak yojana, roads of 4700 kms are also under progress.
04.
00 pm: a resolution of constructing 2.
5 lakh houses under the pradhan mantri awaas yojana has been taken by the government.
03.
58 pm: for the effective implementation of swachch maharashtra abhiyan, an amount rs 1,605 crore has been provided.
03.
56 pm: an amount of rs 1,600 crores has been provided for the development of cities selected under smart city mission.
also, a consolidated provision of rs 710 crore for metro projects in mumbai, pune and nagpur has been made.
03.
54 pm: as claimed by minister of finance & planning sudhir mungantiwar, 28000 gram panchayats in maharashtra will become digital by 2018.
03.
50 pm: state to set up maharashtra school of drama at mumbai film city by 2018.
03.
42 pm: the government allocates an amount of rs 1,000 crores for the provision of subsidy of power tariffs to encourage industrial units in vidarbha and marathwada region of the state.
03.
40 pm: a provision of rs 17 crore 32 lakhs towards preserving marathi language has been introduced, while an amount of rs 200 crores is allotted for the provision of establishing a military school at chandrapur.
03.
35 pm: rs 40 crores to be provided for centrally sponsored under the rashtriya uchchstar shiksha abhiyan (rusa) scheme.
it is a scheme that was launched in 2013 aiming towards providing strategic funding to eligible state higher educational institutions.
03.
30 pm: the economics department of mumbai university to be reorganized and renamed as mumbai economics and public policy institute.
3.
08 pm: jalyukt shivar abhiyaan gets rs 1, 200 crore.
launched by devendrafadnavis , the project has made 4, 374 villages water neutral so far, as per government projections.
the scheme also involves deepening and widening of streams, construction of cement and earthen stop dams, work on nullahs and digging of farm ponds.
rs 225 crore has also been allotted for farm ponds and wells mgnrega.
3.
00 pm: while pune airport finds no mention in the budget, metro gets funds.
the government has allocated rs 700 crores for pune and mumbai metro.
2.
55 pm: along the lines of dr. babasaheb ambedkar krishi swalamban yojna, a new scheme is announced where rs 92 crore have been allotted to scheduled tribe farmers.
2.
50 pm: a training program will also be launched providing employment opportunities for 10,000 construction workers.
apart from this, a provision of rs 99 crore is made under pramod mahajan skill and entrepreneurship development mission.
1,970 training organizations have been listed and it will have 57  participation of women.
2.
45 pm: in order to ensure fair price for agricultural produce, government provides rs 50 crore for expansion of sant shiromani savatamali weekly market scheme for doubling the income of farmers.
2.
40 pm: rs 979.
10 crore is allotted for provision of agricultural pump connections and infrastructure facilities of power sector at nagpur, bhandara, gadchiroli and wardha districts.
2.
37 pm: government goes all out with agricultural schemes.
kesarkar also announces an agricultural university in peth village of sangli district.
2.
35 pm: government allocates special schemes for the drought-hit marathwada region.
announces speical provision of rs 250 crore for the first phase of krishna marathwada water district project which is scheduled to be completed in next four years.
2:30 pm: with the goal of ensuring double productivity of farmers by 2021, the government announces that they would be looking into investments in the agriculture sector this year.
2.
26 pm: government allocates rs. 8, 233 crore for irrigation projects in the state.
under the pradhan mantri krishi sinchai scheme, rs 2,812 crore has been allotted for 26 projects.
2.
13 pm: maharashtras mos finance deepak kesarkar starts presenting the budget amid uproar in the assembly.
opposition members continue to raise slogans on farmer loan waiver issue.
1.
oo pm: accusing opposition of politicising the issue, fadnavis says they are positive about working out a solution for farmer loan waivers.
the chief minister also said that apart from waiver packages for loan burdened farmers, there should also be perks for those who repay loans regularly.
12.
this comes in wake of several cases of farmer suicide across the state.
the opposition had earlier said that their main agenda for this session would be to get loan waivers for farmers.
our main agenda is to get a loan waiver for farmers of maharashtra.
the bjp leaders promised loan waivers for other poll-bound states, but maharashtra which has witnessed maximum farmers suicide was ignored, said radhakrishna vikhe-patil.
10:20 am: the budget presentation by the finance minister is scheduled to begin at 2 pm.
so, please hang on in there.
we will update when we hear more.
10 am: so what does the economic survey report say?
read here9:55 am: the times of india is reporting that the finance minister has indicated there wont be any new tax burden on the common man.
9:45 am: 9.
4  growth clocked by the state in current fiscal, esr report shows.
with an eye on the upcoming vidhan sabha elections, the maharashtra budget made a total allocation of rs 31,000 crore, an increase of rs 6,000 crore from last year, for two crucial sectors  agriculture and irrigation  to cover new schemes as well as old, some of which have been expanded to include those left out earlier.
advertisingwhile rs 12,597.
13 crore was earmarked for water resources ministry (irrigation projects), agriculture and allied sectors got rs 18,403 crore in the 2019-2020 budget unveiled on tuesday.
among the new schemes is rs 5 per litre subsidy to milk farmers, while accidental death insurance for farmers has been expanded to include family members, and the crop loan waiver scheme will now cover consumption loans for tribal communities.
read | ahead of polls, maharashtra budget focuses on farm sectorchief minister devendrafadnavis said, our emphasis on agriculture and irrigation is a pledge to realise the double production and income of farmers.
the socio-economic empowerment of individual farmers, especially small and marginal, is essential for overall growth of the state.
advertisingthe chhatrapati shivaji maharaj shetkari sanman yojana (csmssy) loan waiver scheme launched in 2017 has been expanded to include khavti karz, a loan given to small and poor farmers in backward and tribal belts and is specifically meant for their food needs.
under csmssy, rs 24,102 crore has been sanctioned to 50.
27 lakh account holders.
with a view to give benefit of this scheme to more beneficiaries, the scope of this scheme has been expanded and khavti loan has been included in it.
the government is going to take a decision shortly to give benefit of this scheme to those farmers who have become ineligible for technical or other reasons, said state finance minister sudhir mungantiwar, indicating that there will be further inclusions in the scheme.
read | debt mounting, govt looks at land assets to shore up revenuein a huge rural outreach plan, the government has also allocated rs 210 crore to expand the scope of insurance cover for accidental death of farmers by extending the cover to family members as well, thus benefiting 5.
5 crore people.
in case of accidental death of a farmer, compensation to the limit of rs 2 lakh is given by the insurance company appointed by the government under the scheme called gopinath munde shetkari apghat vima yojana.
at present, the insurance premium to approximately 1.
37 crore farmers, whose names appear on 7/12 extract, is being paid by the government to the insurance companies.
to tackle the recurring drought in the state, the budget has stressed the more crop per drop policy of the government to promote micro-irrigation and agriculture practices along with research, with an allocation of rs 350 crore.
the government has also asked agricultural universities to undertake research on increasing the crop production with less use of water.
an allocation of rs 600 crore has been promised to agricultural universities in the next three years at the rate of rs 150 crore for each university for research and infrastructure.
an outlay of rs 200 crore has been sanctioned in the year 2019-20.
apart from this, a new scheme called atal arthasahay yojana, was announced with an outlay of rs 500 cr for innovative agro-based projects by various cooperative institutions.
the budget provided rs 390 crore for the bhavantar yojana that aims at helping farmers bridge the price difference between minimum support price and market price.
read | massive reach out to dhangar community, 22 schemes worth rs 1,000 crore announcedmilk producing farmers in the state will get a subsidy of rs 5 per litre.
packaged milk is excluded from this scheme.
so far, 42 cooperative milk federations and private milk producers have benfitted under this scheme.
also a grant of rs 50 per kg has been given to milk federations and private milk processing industries to encourage the export of milk powder.
under this scheme, an amount of rs 474.
52 crore has been distributed.
advertisingan allocation of rs 100 crore has been provided for group farming.
under this scheme, a grant up to rs 1 crore or 60 per cent of the project cost is made available.
till now, 205 groups have been formed.
the scheme was begun in view of shrinking land holdings of individual farmers.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
the maharashtra government will set up a massive network of skill development training centres across rural maharashtra to channel the unrest amongst rural youths across sections including the maratha community, to provide sustainable sources of employment.
the state government has decided to tackle problems confronting the generation next, who have had taken to streets recently to protest against the brutal kopardi rape incident.
although the current rallies taking place across the state are citing the rape case as reason, the mobilisation of youths is seen as an outcome of growing aspirations related to economic empowerment in the competitive age.
my government is committed to address problems and challenges faced by the youths.
we have already initiated several policy measures and they would reach the remotest villages to ensure wholistic economic development across caste-community.
the ministry of education, ministry of skill development, ministry of agriculture and ministry of industries will work out a plan to streamline district-wise centres based on potential of agro-industries.
the state has decided to address the root cause of growing protests within the community, especially generation next and provide them with concrete short and long term solutions.
skill development has great potential to provide a platform and make youths self reliant.
our policy is not confined to uplift of urban youths but specially designed to cater to requirements of the rural economy and agro-industries.
the youths will lead the development, said fadnavis.
shiv sangram maratha leader vinayak mete said, there is a misconception that marathas being a ruling class is economically prosperous.
on the contrary, political and economic empowerment is confined to only 10 to 15 per cent.
whereas, there are a sizeable percentage of marathas living in rural maharashtra who are poor.
they also work as daily wagers in fields.
several maratha leaders, on the condition of anonymity, said, almost 15 per cent of the 33 per cent maratha community can be described as economically backward.
the shrinking land holding making agriculture unsustainable has forced new age maratha youths to explore alternative employment.
two significant policy decisions, which the government has worked out, relates to better economic avenues for generation next in rural maharashtra.
an internal report of the government points that the primary reason for the maratha community seeking reservation is to ensure higher opportunities in education and employment.
marathas constitute 33 per cent of the state population and have been the ruling dominant class of state.
however, the last five years saw the community demanding reservation in education and employment.
union minister for social justice ramdas athavale said, i have always believed that economically backward amongst all forward castes including marathas should be given some incentives in jobs and education albeit without disturbing the ongoing reservation accorded to dalits and tribals.
state bjp chief raosaheb danve (file photo) state bjp chief raosaheb danve (file photo)amidst uncertainty over a pre-poll pact between saffron allies, maharashtra bjp chief raosaheb danve today said they are in favour of an alliance with shiv sena and awaiting positive proposal from the ally as far as a tie-up for the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) polls is concerned.
we (bjp) have already given clear indications about the alliance.
in fact, we are of the opinion that alliance should be formed, danve told reporters here.
watch what else is making news?
as far as seat sharing in bmc polls is concerned, we have already sent a proposal of 114 seats to sena and we are awaiting positive proposal from them.
however, till date, we have not received any official proposal from them and when it comes, we will think over it, the maharashtra bjp chief said.
danve and state chief minister devendrafadnavis were in the city today.
we are in favour of an alliance with shiv sena and awaiting positive proposal from them as far as a tie-up for the bmc polls is concerned, danve added.
polling for the 10 municipal corporations in maharashtra including that of mumbai, thane will be held on february 21.
danve also said discussions on alliance with shiv sena are going on at district-level.
we have already given rights in the bjp local units to hold discussions with shiv sena and wherever alliance is possible, elections will be fought together, he said, to a query on alliance possibility for elections to pune and pimpri chinchwad civic bodies.
the state bjp chief also said his party has kept all their options open and there is no deadline from bjp.
we had given deadline till january 21we have started our preparations to go into the polls and they too have started their own preparations as no one waits for each other in politics, danve quipped.
talking about the issue of giving entry to persons with criminal antecedents in the party, he said, people with criminal antecedents will not given any place in the party.
b'narsingh yadavs supporters started celebrating after hearing the verdict outside nada office.
narsingh yadavs supporters started celebrating after hearing the verdict outside nada office.
narsingh yadav has been exonerated from all doping charges levelled against him today.
national anti-doping agency (nada) announced the much-awaited verdict on narsinghs doping case.
nadas discipinary panel said that they were of the opinion that one time ingestion by narsinghyadav was not within his knowledge and strengthened his claim.
nada panel also said that it was impossible for an athlete to keep a watch on drinks and that could not be regarded as a failure on the athletes part.
there is no fault & negligence on #narsinghyadavs part, he is a victim of sabotage done by a competitor, said the nada panel.
the verdict meant that narsingh would now be able to participate in the rio 2016 olympics.
narsingh failed a dope test conducted by national anti doping agency (nada) barely 10 days before the start of the rio olympics.
the rio-bound athlete tested positive for both a and b samples.
narsingh was selected for the rio olympics in controversial circumstances as double olympic medallist sushil singh had also staked his claim to represent the country in 74kg freestyle.
narsingh was also stopped from travelling with other mens freestyle and greco-roman wrestlers to georgia on july 25th for a fortnight training competition programme.
the wrestlers were scheduled to leave for rio directly from georgia.
narsingh yadav gets clean chit from nada, to participate in rio olympicsthough, narsingh yadav will have to go through a reinstatement test before he boards the flight to rio, if he is cleared by wada / ioc.
i cant wait to win a medal for country at rio 2016 olympics: narsingh yadavnarsingh supporters welcomed the decision.
the social media too erupted with their opinions on the verdict.
l             l go win for me and the country #narsinghyadav  sushil kumar (@wrestlersushil) 1 august 2016great news!
congratulations to #narsinghyadav for getting a clean chit from nada to participate in the #rioolympicsall the best narsingh!
devendra fadnavis (@dev_fadnavis) 1 august 2016so #narsinghyadav has just cleared a hurdle.
there should be another test done on him before his competition.
only then wada can let him in  vikrant gupta (@vikrantgupta73) 1 august 2016as nada clears #narsinghyadav, condoning a one-time, unintended ingestion, time to say, very happily, we told you so http://t.
co/kgjci42kya  shekhar gupta (@shekhargupta) 1 august 2016narsingh supporters started celebrating after hearing the verdict outside nada office.
vinod dua receives the redink lifetime achievement in journalism award from maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai on wednesday.
pradip das vinod dua receives the redink lifetime achievement in journalism award from maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai on wednesday.
pradip dasexpressing concern over the problem of manufactured news spread through social media, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday described it as a crisis of credibility.
he said conflict resolution in the country will emerge because tolerance is in the blood of indians.
our democracy is very strong and it has survived turbulence in the past.
the democratic system evolves and corrects itself, he said.
speaking at the mumbai press club where he gave away the redink awards 2017, the chief minister too was felicitated for ensuring the enactment of a state law earlier this year to protect journalists from violence and vandalism.
in the seventh year of the redink awards, instituted by the mumbai press club for meritorious work in tv, print and digital formats, veteran journalist vinod dua was conferred the lifetime achievement in journalism award while raj kamal jha, chief editor of the indian express, received the journalist of the year award.
dua was honoured for his extensive and versatile contribution to journalism in different formats and subjects while jha was felicitated for providing exemplary stewardship and for focused reporting and investigative journalism by the indian express .
accepting the award, dua said journalists must contemplate on the current situation of the media and not fall prey to a vicarious sense of power.
earlier, at a panel discussion on the crisis of credibility facing the media, journalists bachi karkaria, sreenivasan jain, paranjoy guha thakurta and former maharashtra chief minister prithviraj chavan spoke about the attacks on the freedom of the press.
a bjp mla came to the state legislature here in a bullock cart as the budget session of the house began today, demanding immediate resumption of cart races in the state lifting the ban on them.
the cart rode by mahesh landge, who holds the bhosari seat in pune district, was stopped near the mantralayla (government secretariat), close to the legislature complex by police.
langde said he took to the symbolic act as people in villages were keen on immediate resumption of cart races as the season of rural fairs is about to start.
watch what else is making newswe are waiting for the maharashtra government to bring in a bill to amend the prevention of cruelty to animals act, 1960, to pave the way for its centuries-old tradition of bullock cart racing, landge told pti.
when pointed out that chief minister devendrafadnavis had already spoken of bringing in a bill to allow the bullock cart races, landge said we want the bill to be brought in the first week of the current session itself, as village jatras (rural fairs) are beginning and people are being denied of the races.
we had reached near mantralaya, which is adjacent to vidhan bhawan, when police stopped us.
we then took the bullock cart to the state bjp office, which is in the same area, landge said.
animal rights activists have raised objections to the move to legalise the bullock cart races, saying it amounts to subjecting bulls to cruelty and torture.
bullock cart races were banned in maharashtra in 2011, after bulls were categorised as performing animals under the act.
shivajirao adhalrao patil, shiv sena mp from shirur in pune district, and peasants and workers party legislator jayant patil have also been campaigning for lifting the ban.
adhalrao patil had raised the issue in parliament sought intervention of prime minister narendra modi for restoring the bullock cart races in the state.
chief minister devendrafadnavis monday said the ahmednagar rape-murder case involving a minor girl would be heard in a fast-track court.
terming the incident shameful and an extremely inhuman and barbaric act, he said the administration would conclude the case at the earliest and ensure strictest punishment to the perpetrators of the crime.
all three accused in the case have been arrested and are currently in police remand.
the rape-murder case rocked both houses of the state legislature on the first day of the monsoon session as opposition parties demanded a debate by adjourning all scheduled businesses of the day.
the congress and the ncp raised the matter both inside and outside the vidhan bhawan.
watch video: whats making newsgiving his consent for the debate, fadnavis made a detailed statement in both the legislative assembly and the legislative council on the ongoing investigation.
advocate ujjwal nikam has been appointed as the special public prosecutor in the case and he has given his consent, the chief minister said.
the state government announced rs 5-lakh compensation to the victims family from the chief ministers relief fund and rs 3 lakh from the manodhairya scheme.
police protection to the family has been scaled up and senior officials asked to provide all help to the family.
thane district authorities on monday started taking stock of the damage left in the wake of the heavy rainfall last week.
advertisingaccording to officials, as many as 398 houses were severely damaged by the flooding caused by the incessant rains.
as district officials conducted panchnamas of various talukas including murbad tehsil, which received maximum rainfall on friday, it was found that 3,500 chickens, one cow and a buffalo were washed away by the rainwater, among other things.
the thane collector said on sunday that once the water recedes in villages and cities affected by the heavy rains and an overflowing ulhas river, tehsildars along with local officials would conduct panchnamas to assess the damage.
while the collector was himself busy with chief minister devendrafadnavis visit to murbad city to inaugurate a statue, tehsildars were asked to start assessing the damage in their areas.
we have finished the panchnamas in our area.
around 398 houses have suffered severe damage in the tehsil.
there are no human casualties.
however, a man lost his entire poultry farm and another lost his cattle as he couldnt take them with him.
each affected household will be given a compensation of around rs 5,000, said murbad tehsildar amol kadam.
in kalyan, ambernath and ulhasnagar talukas, officials are still carrying out panchnamas.
all our officials are on the ground.
as of now, the damage seems to run into a few crores but the final figure will emerge after all the panchnamas have been done, said jairaj deshmukh, ambernath tehsildar.
an overflowing ulhas river on saturday caused a flood-like situation across thane district amid the incessant rains.
(representational image) (representational image)the states decision to bring a legislation to make the minimum support price (msp) mandatory and its violation a criminal offence is primarily aimed at tackling manipulations in the agriculture markets across maharashtra, government sources said.
whether it is the agriculture produce market committee or private traders, manipulations in the market that operate as a cartel becomes detrimental to the farmers interest, said a source.
the price fluctuations in farm produce is often an outcome of market manipulations that works against the farmers, especially those with small and marginal land holdings in state.
a senior officer in the ministry of agriculture and cooperative and market department said: the m s swaminathan commission recommendation to give msp that is 50 per cent more than the weighted average cost of production appears great on paper.
when it comes to implementation, it is not practical.
it cannot be uniformly applied across the state with varying degree of irrigation potential and farm production.
however, he indicated that a centre-state government based on the ground reality can determine the msp to provide checks and balances to ensure higher remuneration to farmers and avoid market manipulations.
the act will be introduced in the monsoon session in july 2017, he revealed.
former minister for marketing and cooperation, harshvardhan patil, said: unless i see the details, i cannot comment on the legislation.
but the msp mechanism can be strengthened through better co-ordination among the ministry of agriculture, ministry of co-operation and markets to keep a higher price base.
while conceding that governments cannot be expected to make the entire procurement to retain the base msp index, he said: the skill lies in creating a market where the farmers fetch price above the msp for their crops.
this would automatically lead to minimum procurement and less financial burden on the governments.
it also fetches higher income to the farmers.
the state farmers commission chief, kishore tiwari, said: m s swaminathan commissions recommendation of msp is always an issue that makes good politics but poor economics.
citing an example of cotton procurement based on the formula, he said: if the government were to enforce the formula of 50 per cent higher rates on the weighted average production cost, it would have to shell out at least rs 4 lakh crore on cotton for the entire country.
slamming opposition parties for politicising the floods in western maharashtra, the shiv sena on monday accused ncp chief sharad pawar and his party of turning flood-affected people against the government.
advertisingin an editorial in party mouthpiece saamana, the sena said chief minister devendrafadnavis was on bjps mahajanadesh yatra when the flood situation became grave.
there was criticism that chief minister was accompanied by a few ministers and members of the state administration.
but he returned and has been making all attempts to control the flood situation, said the editorial.
this natural disaster can be equated with killari earthquake in marathwada that took place around 25 years ago.
then, sharad pawar was the chief minister and entire state, leaving aside caste, religion and party differences had stood behind pawar in facing the national disaster.
then, people were buried under the land and now people have been washed away in the water, stated the editorial.
the editorial slammed opposition leaders from the congress and ncp.
advertisingwhen congress leaders like nana patole demanded to register cases against chief minister and his cabinet colleagues for ignoring the flood situation, it raises questions over his wisdom.
vijay wadettiwar, dhananjay munde (opposition leaders) have been shamelessly trying to play politics about the people who have been washed away in the floods, it added.
the sena defended fadnavis, who has been under attack over his handling of the floods.
the government does not mean only the chief minister but all the sections associated with it.
it must be noted that elected representatives and political party activists work as government during such crisis, said the editorial.
the objective is to cover all 40,913 villages, encompassing 90,000 booths that are the partys electoral unit.
the objective is to cover all 40,913 villages, encompassing 90,000 booths that are the partys electoral unit.
chief minister devendrafadnavis will lead a team of 10,000 party workers, including ministers and elected members, in the partys expansion drive where it is mandatory to visit villages for 14 days at a stretch.
the programme, titled vistar (expansion) and samvad (communication), will be completed between may 26 and june 10.
the objective is to cover all 40,913 villages, encompassing 90,000 booths that are the partys electoral unit.
to ensure that mlas, ministers and workers take the exercise seriously, the centre-state leadership has warned those assigned with definite villages against being complacent as their work would be assessed seriously and will count in their political career ahead.
a senior bjp functionary said: in bjp, there is no question of a long summer break.
when you see the all india party president, amit shah, embarking on a 90-day tour (he will not be home for three months), hopping states to review organisational work, how can the state party remain a spectator?
another reason behind the drive is the failure of the state bjp to connect to the masses.
last year, through a digital drive, almost 1.
10 crore new members had been enrolled into the party but the centres directives to the state unit to establish personal contact with those enrolled remained unattended.
the party, led by state bjp president raosaheb danve, could connect with only 30 per cent of the 1.
10 crore people.
danve said: from the cm to the elected members and workers, all will visit villages for 14 days as part of the partys expansion and communication drive.
although the central bjp has allowed the chief ministers and other ministers to take a days break to enable them to return to the party headquarters for administrative work or cabinet meetings, insiders indicated that fadnavis was unlikely to avail the concession.
each of the elected mlas and ministers will be assigned a group of villages to be covered outside their own constituencies for informal interactions with villagers in the middle of a farm or in the hamlets.
the two-way communication between the bjp workers and villagers is aimed to apprise them of the government policies and also understand problems of the villagers.
indications are that the focus of the communication will be on agricultural issues and other rural problems, including infrastructure like roads, powerand water.
through these exercises, villagers would be apprised of the slew of schemes undertaken by the government, including water conservation, double agriculture income, group farming model, agriculture electric pump connectivity, agro-industries, bhim aap and digital transformation, among others.
in another administrative drive to review government schemes and its shortcomings, the cm has started a taluka-wise review, covering at least two to three districts a day.
the exercise undertaken in the last week of april will conclude on may 24.
till now, the districts covered include wardha, yavatmal, buldhana, akola, gondia and bhandara.
along with lending support to such farmers to bring them back in the crop loan credit bracket, the government will also extend some incentives to more than one crore farmers who have not defaulted in their loan repayment to the financial institutions.
fadnavis explained that financial allocations to farmers whose long standing dues have rendered them out of loan bracket would also raise questions in the minds of more than one crore farmers who have repaid their loans.
along with the centre, state government is willing to make part financial allocations along with other incentives to reach out to farmers.
while we help 31 lakh farmers to become debt free to facilitate fresh crop loan, we have to provide some incentives to more than one crore farmers who have made loan repayment regularly, the chief minister said while addressing the assembly.
we have to ensure the farmers who are regularly repaying the loans dont feel they are being discriminated, he said.
these statements came a day after fadnavis lead a high-powered committee of cabinet ministers to new delhi to evolve workable mechanism to help farmers.
meanwhile, the opposition continued their protest seeking complete loan waiver in state.
reacting to this, fadnavis said, the opposition is not interested in welfare of farmers.
they are just using the floor of the assembly to do their politics.
i wish them good luck.
while terming it unfortunate, he said,  the economic survey which projected 12.
5 per cent growth rate in agriculture and allied sectors is an indicator about the governments commitment to the farmers.
reiterating the governments investment worth rs 30,500 crore including rs 8,000 crore help to tackle natural calamities, the chief minister said, farmers prosperity is highest priority of the government.
while indicating that higher investments in agriculture is not going to be compromised, the chief minister said, there are 31 lakh farmers with accumulative debt of rs 30,500 crore.
we urged union finance minister arun jaitley to work a mechanism that would help to bring farmers in the crop loan bracket.
bjp mla laxman jagtap bjp mla laxman jagtapthe pimpri-chinchwad unit of the bjp refused on monday to reveal its plan regarding the possibility of scrapping the nominations of two party leaders  babu nair and mauli thorat  as co-opted corporators.
the nomination of the two leaders has left several miffed in the party.
bjp leaders have accused nair and thorat of working against the interest of the party.
i think the names will be ratified by the civic general body meeting, said bjp house leader eknath pawar.
he, however, did not sound much confident on whether the civic general body would reject the nominations.
he avoided answering the question.
but, pawar stressed that since chief minister devendrafadnavis had taken the decision regarding nominating the two leaders, it is being considered as the final.
so far, i have received no communication that there would be reconsideration of the two names, he said.
a senior bjp leader said though the two controversial names might not make it to the final list of the civic general body.
anything can happencant say what the civic general body, where the bjp enjoys majority, can do, he said.
the civic general body meeting is scheduled for may 19.
bjp general secretary sarang kamtekar, meanwhile, refused to comment.
bjp president laxman jagtap too, remained unreachable.
jagtap is apparently upset, but has maintained his silence over the issue.
he had recommended the names of sarang kamtekar and amar moolchandani.
another party mla, mahesh landge too seems upset, but he has accepted the cms decision.
landge had recommended the name of his supporter yogesh landge.
both jagtap and landges recommendations were rejected by the cm.
nair had joined the bjp from the congress three years ago.
thorat, meanwhile, had been a long-time bjp leader.
both have denied any wrongdoing.
i have never worked against the partys interest, said nair.
kartik landge, brother of mla mahesh landge, said nair is a strong bjp loyalist and there should be no controversy over his nomination.
the cm has taken the decision, we should all accept it, he said.
among sportpersons, cricket legend sachin tendulkar, his wife anjali, former cricketer sandeep patil exercised their franchise.
(representational) among sportpersons, cricket legend sachin tendulkar, his wife anjali, former cricketer sandeep patil exercised their franchise.
(representational)about 17.
07 per cent voters on tuesday exercised their franchise in the first four hours of polling for 10 municipal corporations across maharashtra, including the cash-rich brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) in mumbai.
according to officials, brisk polling is underway in all the ten civic corporations with 17 per cent turnout recorded till 11.
30 am.
whereas in 11 zilla parishads, around 23.
9 per cent voting was recorded till 11.
30 am, they said.
polling began at 7.
30 am at 43,160 polling stations spread across the state.
it will end at 5.
30 pm.
in mumbai, as the day progressed, voting picked up with several politicians and film celebrities industry stepping out to cast their votes.
ncp president sharad pawar was among early voters in mumbai, while shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray went to a polling booth near his residence in bandra to exercise his voting rights along with his family.
watch what else is making newsbjp leaders, who cast their votes included party mumbai unit chief ashish shelar, mp poonam mahajan and shaina nc.
other leaders who were among early voters in mumbai were former cm manohar joshi and mns chief raj thackeray.
in nagpur, early voters included rss chief mohan bhagwat and union minister nitin gadkari while chief minister devendrafadnavis cast his vote along with wife amruta and mother in citys dharampeth area around 11.
45 am.
several eminent personalities including former mumbai police commissioner julio ribeiro, joint police commissioner deven bharti, election commissioner k s saharia, bmc commissioner ajoy mehta also cast their vote in mumbai.
celebrities from the film industry included actors anushka sharma, rekha, shreyas talpade, prem chopra, shraddha kapoor, manyata dutt; filmmakers zoya akhtar, gulzar, subhash ghai and kunal kapoor.
among sportpersons, cricket legend sachin tendulkar, his wife anjali, former cricketer sandeep patil exercised their franchise.
union minister prakash javadekar cast his vote in pune while veteran congressman sushil kumar shinde gave his ballot at solapur.
the 10 municipal corporations going to polls today are mumbai, thane, ulhasnagar, nashik, pune, pimpri-chinchwad, solapur, akola, amravati and nagpur.
also, elections are being held in 118 panchayat samitis in ratnagiri, sindhudurg, satara, sangli, kolhapur, pune, solapur, nashik, amravati and gadchiroli districts.
meanwhile, in nashik, some voters whose names were found missing from voters list in mhasrul locality staged a rasta roko, police said.
a total of 3.
77 crore voters will determine the fate of 17,331 candidates for 3210 seats up for grabs in the second phase of polls, being seen as mini general elections.
to tackle the regional imbalance in development in the state, the maharashtra government has sanctioned projects worth rs 3 lakh crore in the backward regions of vidarbha and marathwada in the last two years.
the sectors were policy corrections were taken include agriculture infrastructure and industries, which have remained in a state of neglect in the two drought-affected regions, which have also seen a large number of farmer suicides.
the biggest financial plan was sanctioned for marathwada at rs 49,248 crore, including rs 9,291 crore provided for irrigation projects, rs 5,326 crore for railway projects, rs 3,000 crore for roads, rs 250 crore for aurangabads airport expansion, rs 2,400 crore for development of cities, rs 1,885 crore for water conservation and rs 450 crore for micro-irrigation, among others.
vidarbhas mega projects include the rs 46,000-crore nagpur-mumbai samruddhi corridor, the nagpur metro rail worth rs 8,680 crore and textile hubs with investment of rs 3,700 crore, among others.
the digital transformation of nagpur district, encompassing 776 gram panchayats, is being extended to the rest of the vidarbha region.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , while speaking to the indian express, said, i will define it (nagpur-mumbai samruddhi expressway) as a highway to prosperity and a major game changer, as it will transform the entire corridor comprising 24 townships (nodes) beyond vidarbha and marathwada.
it opens the development doors in both sectors  agriculture and industries.
he added that the land pooling model has evoked a good response.
drought had been identified as the foremost problem to be tackled by the state government, fadnavis said.
the people in the state will have to be given a level playing field across the region for healthy development of maharashtra, he added.
the agrarian crisis in vidarbha and marathwada is an outcome of the wrong policies of the past, and it cannot be left unattended, said fadnavis.
today, 14 districts which have faced the maximum number of farmer suicides are located in vidarbha and marathwada.
fadnavis pushed the centre to grant rs 9,500 crore for completion of irrigation projects in the 14 drought-affected districts of vidarbha and marathwada.
another corrective measure included giving priority to textile centres in the cotton-growing regions.
as a result, it tapped rs 4,500 crore investments through public-private partnership in the textile sector.
fadnavis said, the farm to fashion concept is now a reality.
at nandgaon peth, the units are already operational and on an expansion spree.
vidarbha houses three textile hubs at amravati, yavatmal and buldhana districts.
in marathwada, four textile hubs are in process at mazalgaon (beed), kunnor (nanded) and kannad (aurangabad), selu (parbhani).
of the total 10 remaining, three are at jamner (jalgaon), bhaler (nandurbar) and malegaon (nashik).
to attract industries in vidarbha, the government has earmarked land for promoting defence, aviation and electronic hubs in nagpur under make in india, make in maharashtra projects.
according to the industries department, of the total 8 lakh crore mous signed during make in india week, rs 1.
5 lakh crore were tapped for vidarbha and marathwada.
chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis friday said the government was trying to strike a balance to work out a model to bring 31 lakh farmers within the institutional crop loan bracket.
promising financial investments in the agriculture sector to double the income of farmers by 2021, the cm said, the enhanced allocations of rs 26,000 crore resulting in generation of rs 40,000-crore income to farmers in the last financial year (2015-16) is a certificate that government reforms in agriculture are heading in the right direction.
but periodical course corrections to provide greater hand-holding for small and marginal farmers with less than two acres of land is being worked out with greater urgency.
he was addressing the media on the last day of the budget session of the legislature.
fadnavis said: today, our reforms have ensured better minimum support price to farmers across maharashtra.
in spite of record tur dal production of 30 lakh quintals, compared to an average one tenth in previous years, farmers are getting rs 5,000 rate per quintal.
similarly, cotton is fetching rs 6,000 per quintal.
yet, i admit we have to provide sustainable farming for higher remuneration to the farmers.
a day after rbi governor urjit patel described the crop loan waiver as detrimental for long-term economics in the wake of the uttar pradesh governments decision to waive crop loan, the cm said, there are two angles to crop loan waiver.
if we consider it only from the economic point of view, it can be debated, but there is a larger social angle, which the government cannot overlook.
in the context of maharashtra, he said, i am trying to strike a balance with a workable model for the farmers.
the government is not against crop loan waiver.
but we have to ensure its beneficiaries are small and marginal farmers left out of the crop loan credit.
stating that the prevailing conditions in uttar pradesh and maharashtra are different, fadnavis said, out of the total capital budget of rs 31,000 crore, rs 19,000 crore has been dedicated to agriculture and its allied sectors.
our efforts are to generate more funds for agriculture infrastructure to accommodate the 15 to 20 per cent population whose sustenance on agriculture is not providing assured income.
he said the projection of 55 to 60 per cent population relying on agriculture in the state had its own challenges as it was not commensurate with the growth index in the sector.
today, the agriculture sector can accommodate only 25 to 30 per cent of the people, which means the government will have to provide for the gap through new avenues of job generation and scientific farming, including intense crop pattern and assured water and power in rural areas of the state, said the cm.
congress leader narayan rane.
(file photo) congress leader narayan rane.
(file photo)senior congress leader narayan rane today said his party would fight the upcoming thane municipal corporation (tmc) polls on development plank and expose failure of the ruling shiv sena-bjp in the civic body in providing facilities to people.
the party will take up the issue of development work in the election agenda and point out how the ruling party has failed to provide basic minimum facilities to the citizens, rane said here while talking to reporters.
watch what else is making news?
he said alleged corruption in the shiv sena-bjp ruled civic body too would be raised during electioneering.
the congress leader was in the city to attend party meeting and also to discuss about electoral alliance with ncp for thane civic body which goes to polls on february 21.
the ruling shiv sena and bjp had rendered thousands homeless in the recent road widening work in the city and this will prominently figure during electioneering by the party, said rane.
he said talks between congress and ncp were still underway and there has been no proposal put forth by ncp for seat sharing in the civic elections.
this and other matters would be discussed by leaders of both the parties in the coming days.
he should have ordered the same instead of keeping the matter pending for reasons best known to him.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday warned district cooperative banks against diverting funds for drought relief to settle crop loans of farmers.
advertisingat a drought review meeting held in mumbai for nashik, solapur and ahmednagar districts, fadnavis said he has received complaints that after compensation is credited to the bank accounts of drought-hit farmers, the banks are deducting the outstanding amount that the same farmers owe towards crop loans.
asking district authorities to act on drought mitigation proposals within 48 hours, the cm said: the compensation is meant for farmers who have faced crop loss.
district cooperative banks should not divert these funds to settle outstanding crop loans.
late evening, a congress delegation met governor c h vidyasagar rao, asking him to intervene and direct the fadnavis government to take immediate drought relief measures.
advertisingthe state congress will set up teams to tour drought-affected areas of the state from may 12-20, the partys state unit chief ashok chavan.
the drought situation is very serious.
but the state government has been found lacking in taking adequate relief measures.
therefore, we met the governor.
we urged him to direct the government to take immediate relief measures in drought-affected talukas, chavan told mediapersons.
maintaining that drought was declared in october last year, chavan said: during the lok sabha polls, the state government completely neglected drought-affected areas.
there was no hurdle of election code of conduct for drought relief.
the chief minister declared drought on time, but did not take subsequent measures to provide relief to the people.
the pm had said due to jalyukt shivar, more than 16,000 villages were drought free.
then what is this drought?
out of the 1.
33 crore animals in the state, only 9 lakh have been taken care of, he claimed.
the delegation also included senior leaders like prithviraj chavan, balasaheb thorat, manikrao thakre, naseem khan, basavraj patil murumkar, harshvardhan patil and madhurkar chavan.
earlier, state ncp president jayant patil had attacked fadnavis for using the audio-conferencing system to tackle drought.
we wonder what kind of method the cm is using to reach out to drought-hit people.
sitting in ac rooms, the cm is using the audio-conferencing system to communicate with villages and officials.
now, one expected the government to be on field to access the ground reality and take action.
keshav mishra, from uttar pradesh, has become a salesman after he was denied a taxi permit.
narendra vaskar keshav mishra, from uttar pradesh, has become a salesman after he was denied a taxi permit.
narendra vaskarthis february, an official conducting taxi driver keshav mishras test showed him a picture.
gavati murgi (desi chicken), mishras response was prompt.
he was expected to identify the bird in the photograph correctly in marathi, and mishra, an uttar pradesh native who has lived in mumbai for 16 years, didnt have any trouble doing so.
however, mishra faltered at the last question, and ended up among the many candidates who failed to get an auto-taxi permit.
as maharashtra navnirman sena chief raj thackeray once again raises the issue of auto and cab drivers compulsorily knowing the local language, mishra told the indian express he is now working as a salesman, having given up hope of being a cabbie.
the test mishra took was made mandatory by the government last year for all those seeking auto-taxi permits.
in march, the nagpur bench of the bombay high court stopped the test.
i was unable to comprehend the last question posed to me.
hence, i was not given a permit for driving a taxi in the city, mishra told the indian express.
the other questions asked, mishra said, ranged from simple language questions to more complex ones on maharashtras culture and history.
they asked me to read out a few lines from a marathi book.
later, i was asked to name shivaji maharajs mother, to which i replied jijabai.
they also asked me to name a few traffic signages in marathi.
the questions were posed to me in hindi, answers to which i had to deliver in marathi, mishra said.
in a meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday, raj thackeray stirred the marathi issue once more, to be met with immediate opposition from taxi unions, who called it a political stint before the brihanmumbai municipal corporation elections in 2017.
if the high court has already given its order, we do not feel the need to give this issue any more importance.
the stint may get the leader the attention of some marathi voters, but wont help the business of taxi or rickshaw drivers.
if the government brings back any such compulsion, we will stage a protest, said k k tiwari, leader of the swambhiman taxi rickshaw union.
al quadros, another taxi union leader, said the state law calls for a basic knowledge of the citys geography and language to quality for a permit.
however, initiating such tests serves no purpose.
instead, it denies drivers an opportunity to earn their income.
the test led to more than 3,000 taxi and auto drivers not getting a permit, despite qualifying in the lottery, quadros said.
other rickshaw union leaders also said that knowledge of marathi must not be made an important factor while issuing taxi-auto permits.
in mumbai, the driver must at least have a basic knowledge of marathi.
his fluency in marathi may not be as important as his understanding the language is, said a regional transport office (rto) official.
the law also requires the drivers to have been residents of the state for at least 15 years to be able to avail a taxi-rickshaw permit.
so disappointed was i after failing the test, that i opted to take up a salesmans job.
though not born in mumbai, i know the roads of the city as well as any other mumbaikar, mishra said.
addressing the counsel generals and representatives of various foreign embassies in mumbai, chief minister devendrafadnavis said maharashtras second capital, nagpur, has immense potential to attract foreign direct investment (fdi) because of its geographical advantage coupled with availability of water and free land.
nagpur, which also happens to be the chief ministers hometown, is located centrally and is connected to almost all major cities and towns across the country.
fadnavis also explained to the foreign dignitaries about his ambitious multi-modal international cargo hub and airport at nagpur (mihan) project and that the city has been shortlisted by the union government as part of the smart cities project.
[relates-post]watch video: whats making newsrevealing that russia and the usa has expressed their interest in investing in nagpur, the chief minister said,the nagpur-mumbai super communication expressway will bring down the travel time between the two cities to eight hours.
it would help develop the district and open up investment opportunities.
besides infrastructure projects such as the nagpur metro, the citys dr babasaheb ambedkar international airport is also being expanded, fadnavis added.
during his visit, the chief minister also visited the village unit where 1,554 farmers have come together to undertake drip irrigation across 2,009 acres of sugarcane fields.
during his visit, the chief minister also visited the village unit where 1,554 farmers have come together to undertake drip irrigation across 2,009 acres of sugarcane fields.
the state government friday declared that it has initiated policy measures to reduce investments made in the agricultural sector, which would in turn make farming economically profitable for marginal farmers across maharashtra.
it is now rs 25,000 crore.
along with increasing irrigation potential, we are also addressing the primary concerns of making farming on small land holding more viable.
to make that a feasible plan, we have to bring down the overall investment cost and assure higher production for making agriculture sustainable.
during his visit, the chief minister also visited the village unit where 1,554 farmers have come together to undertake drip irrigation across 2,009 acres of sugarcane fields.
the successful drip irrigation project has not only helped in economising the use of water but also helped in higher production of crops.
raju shetti at five gardens, matunga, during his atmaklesh yatra on monday.
saumya james raju shetti at five gardens, matunga, during his atmaklesh yatra on monday.
saumya jamesswabhimani shetkari sanghatana (sss) president and mp raju shetti monday hinted that his party was rethinking about its alliance with bjp.
shetti, who kicked off his atmaklesh yatra (repentance march)  a statewide campaign against the bjp governments anti-farmer policies  in pune on may 22, reached mumbai on monday.
the bjp used us to pocket farmers vote and later deceived them.
now, we will bring this government down on its knees, said shetti.
shetti openly registered his protest against the government over the land acquisition process for samruddhi (nagpur-mumbai super communication highway) project.
he said, if officials come and try to acquire farmers land without their consent, we will not hesitate in shedding blood.
talking about the bjp-led governments alleged neglect of farmers issues, shetti said that cheating farmers will now lead to the downfall of the bjp.
its been three years since the bjp came to power at the centre.
still, the government has failed to take any concrete step to ease the woes of farmers.
it has deceived farmers who voted for the party (in the assembly polls), shetti told the indian express.
shetti, whose party is a constituent of the nda as well as a part of the bjp-led maharashtra government, said he had undertaken the atmaklesh padyatra to repent for supporting the bjp and pm narendra modi.
he added, today, after three years, i feel miserable and cheated as it was me who convinced our farmer brothers to vote for the bjp, vote for modi.
it was a big mistake that we asked the farmers to vote for the bjp.
hence, as a matter of repentance, we have undertaken this atmaklesh yatra.
before starting the march, i apologised to our farmers for this mistake.
we have brought the issue to the notice of the maharashtra chief minister as well as pm narendra modi.
however, we always received vague replies.
this prompted us to start our march against the government.
quoting geneticist m s swaminathan, shetti said, the situation has worsened so much that everybody has started demanding for farm loan waiver which is a short-term solution.
minimum support price (msp) for crops is the long-term solution for the crises faced by farmers.
this was suggested in the report by m s swaminathan, founder, ms swaminathan research foundation.
shetti said that before the polls, the bjp had approached them through their senior leader gopinath munde for an alliance.
i had placed demands before them, which included implementation of swaminathan report and a national-level irrigation project fully funded by the centre.
only because they accepted my demands did we agree to form the alliance.
none of our demands have been met, while the number of farmers committing suicide continues to rise.
we see no point in supporting such a government.
while shetti is busy leading a march of close to 15,000 farmers and party workers to mumbai, chief minister devendrafadnavis was in shettis constituency in kolhapur to address a shetkari melava (farmers meet).
farmers have shown him his place by not attending the melava.
this is just the beginning.
the chief minister is yet to see the farmers wrath, said shetti.
meanwhile, a close aide and minister of state (mos) for agriculture sadabhau khots absence in the march has led to speculation that he may quit the farmers party to formally join the bjp.
relations between shetti and khot had been strained following the recent kolhapur zilla parishad elections.
khot was said to be disgruntled after shetti objected to giving his son, sagar khot, a nomination to contest the polls.
when approached, khot said, mp shettis demands are genuine and farmer-centric.
however, i believe in resolving the issue while being a part of the government.
when shettis march is leading towards mumbai, mine is towards the farms.
the government is putting in all efforts to end the farmers crisis.
advertisinggoing by epfo figures and those of various departments of the union government, maximum number of jobs has been created in maharashtra.
of the total employment in country, 25 per cent jobs have been created in the state this is direct employment and does not include jobs due to upcoming investments, he said at a press conference in the city.
the cm also said the state managed to get maximum investments and fdi in the country.
the realisation rate of mous in the country is 35 per cent, while in the state, it is 45 per cent.
the realisation of mous in magnetic maharashtra initiative is 60 per cent, he said.
fadnavis, who has drawn criticism for putting up large number of hoardings across the city for the mahajanadesh yatra, said he was completely against the way local party leaders have put up flex boards and hoardings in the city.
it was completely wrong to put up such hoardings and flexes across the city.
i have conveyed my displeasure to local party leaders and directed them not to repeat it again, fadnavis said.
advertisingthe city roads were defaced as local bjp leaders and aspirants for the party ticket had put up huge hoardings and flex boards to welcome the chief minister during his statewide roadshow and impress him ahead of the assembly elections.
to be clear, no one is going to get party ticket on the basis of hoarding boards to show their presence, fadnavis said.
the bjp-led government has been pushing for development of all municipal corporations in the state irrespective of the political party in power the state government does not interfere in the working of local civic bodies, but provide all possible help to resolve their issues.
all cities belong to the state, the cm said.
he added that after coming to power, his government has initiated projects worth rs 45,000 crore in pune for improving its infrastructure and resolve the public woes.
it is not that all the problems of residents have been resolved, but there is a confidence in the public that the bjp is the party that was able to work towards easing their problems, fadnavis said, adding, it was being reflected in the huge public response to the roadshow across the state.
on the alleged trimming of huge branches of trees on sinhagad road for the roadshow, the chief minister said no tree was chopped.
if i find anyone has cut trees, then i will initiate action against them, he said.
several teachers from unaided schools and junior colleges were left disappointed on tuesday after the state cabinet meeting took no decision on providing grants to these institutes.
advertisingteachers belonging to the maharashtra state (permanent) unaided school kruti samitee have gone on an indefinite protest since august 5 across the state.
members of the maharashtra state higher secondary schools association have been protesting at azad maidan since august 13.
tanaji naik, association president, and member bhausaheb khichade are on a hunger strike.
a teacher in gondia allegedly committed suicide on august 15.
at least three more in the same district have allegedly attempted suicide.
we are not going to participate in election duty and have refrained from giving our particulars to education officers.
we demand our full salaries before being made to work for the government, said prashant redij, mumbai president of maharashtra state (permanent) unaided school kruti samitee.
(then school education minister) vinod tawde had promised to take a decision once the lok sabha polls ended, but nothing of the sort happened.
later, a new minister took charge and we had to appeal again.
now, all the efforts will be wasted if another minister takes charge after the polls, said redij.
advertisingboth groups are sceptical of a decision anytime soon as the code of conduct will kick in ahead of the assembly polls.
in 2016, after protests by teachers, the state government had decided to extend aid to 1,628 primary and secondary private unaided schools, beginning with covering 20 per cent of all administrative costs, that was disbursed as salaries of teaching and non-teaching staff.
it was also decided that the aid would be gradually scaled up to 100 per cent in five phases but did not specify a timeline for its implementation.
teachers from higher secondary schools and junior colleges were not offered any grant.
as per a government resolution on february 26, 2014, the word permanent was removed from the names of these schools and junior colleges, paving the way for them to receive government aid.
unaided higher secondary schools and junior colleges were declared eligible for grants in five phases after assessment but no announcement was made after that.
does it take four and a half years to finish the assessment of higher secondary schools?
a delegation had gone to meet (school education, youth and students development minister) ashish shelar but we received the same reply we will continue our protest.
we were once again told by shelar that our file will be presented to chief minister devendrafadnavis but that it will take time.
we are unhappy with the delay, said sangapal sonawane, a member.
there is a process and work is going on.
the subcommittee formed to look into the matter has completed its job and the files are with the finance department, said shelar.
b'omkareshwar bridge near balgandharva rangamandir in pune, where dabholkar was shot.
express omkareshwar bridge near balgandharva rangamandir in pune, where dabholkar was shot.
expressthe family of slain rationalist narendra dabholkar said on saturday that it has been trying to seek an audience with prime minister narendra modi for one year, but the prime ministers office (pmo) kept the request on hold.
we have approached the pmo at least thrice through letter, mail and personal visit, but have been unsuccessful in getting an audience with the pm, said hamid dabholkar, son of the anti-superstition crusader.
the family is seeking to push the investigation into the murder case and also wants to know what the centre is doing regarding imposing a ban on sanathan sanstha, the right wing hindu outfit accused of murdering dabholkar.
the dabholkar family, which has decided to send another request to the prime minister next week, said that they had once sent an email to the pmo and personally visited the pmo at sansad bhavan twice to hand over a letter requesting a meeting with the prime minister.
watch video: whats making newsthe family said that maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had assured them that he would arrange a meeting with the prime minister, but that too has not materialised.
we had met the cm twice personally and had written at least five letters requesting him to use his good office for arranging a meeting with the prime minister, but the cm too has failed to do anything, hamid said.
when contacted on friday, a pmo official said that he would find out the status of the request and accordingly inform the family.
similarly, the chief ministers office also said that it is looking into the request.
hamid said that the purpose behind the meeting with the prime minister is to convey to him the tardy pace of investigation in the murder case as well as the 2009 margoa blast case.
in the recent arrest of virendra tawade by the cbi, it has now clearly emerged that sarang akolkar, who was involved in the margoa blast, has a hand in my fathers murder.
there were four absconders in the margoa blast and all of them have been linked with the murder of three rationalists-my father, govind pansare and mm kalburgi.
the modus operandi seems to be similar, hamid said.
dabholkar was gunned down in pune on august 20, 2013.
hamid said that had the nia, which had been investigating the margoa blast, acted speedily, the murders of the three rationalists would not have taken place.
similarly, the cbi has taken months to achieve a breakthrough in the case.
it has come to light that the witness from kolhapur was trying to reveal what he knew to the police and investigating agencies, but nobody was ready to listen to him, hamid said, adding that they wanted to highlight the way the nia and cbi are investigating his fathers murder case.
it is important that these issues are taken up with the pmwe are sure that he would use his good office to speed up investigations and send out a strong message, hamid said, adding that another important point that they intend to take up with the prime minister is the imposition of a ban on sanatan sanstha.
in 2011, the maharashtra government had recommended to the centre to impose a ban on the right wing outfit.
the centre has been mum on the issue.
we want to know the centres stand, hamid further said.
the family said that it has not criticised the pm in the past and doesnt intend to do so either, but it has not been able to understand the silence maintained by the centre.
one outfit has been linked to the murders of three rationalists.
the outfit has been openly threatening the voice of reason and even government officials.
yet, we have no clue what the government intends to do.
it is showing no sense of urgency, hamid said.
meanwhile, the sanatan sanstha has alleged that the cbi had set up a bogus witness from kolhapur.
in a release, sanstha spokesperson abhay vartak said, the effort to implicate an innocent person on the basis of false allegations puts a question mark on the credibility of cbi and brings disrepute to the bjp government.
b'karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah.
(source: pti) karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah.
(source: pti)days after karnataka minister r roshan baig sparked a row with his statement against chanting of the jai maharashtra slogan in the southern state, maharashtra revenue minister chandrakant patil on tuesday wrote to karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah, threatening legal action.
baig, karnatakas urban development minister, had allegedly said in belgaum on sunday that if elected members raised jai maharashtra slogan in karnataka, their membership would be cancelled.
calling baigs statement unconstitutional, patil warned of legal action in his letter.
baig had also allegedly said that karnataka government was intending to bring in a new legislation to check anti-karnataka activities by elected representatives.
the matter was raised in the maharashtra legislative council on monday by shiv sena legislator dr neelam gorhe following which the state government assured to take it up with karnataka cm.
the leader of the upper house chandrakant patil said that he had discussed the matter with chief minister devendra fadnavis.
patil said, the government has taken suggestion from legal experts who have advised to send a detailed letter to the karnataka government.
we have already done that.
we are awaiting their response to the same.
patils letter, dated may 23, states: it has been learnt that mr roshan baig has said if elected representatives in karnataka are found raising slogans of jai maharashtra, in such event the persons membership as a legislator will be disqualified.
i as a nodal minister of state of maharashtra in respect of maharashtra-karnataka border dispute would like to invite your kind attention to the unconstitutional act of a cabinet minister in government of maharashtra.
making such a statement may provoke people at large and affect the peace and harmony in the border areas of the two states.
the statement is also threatening the freedom of speech that is ensured by the constitution.
the letter further stated: i am sure that the karnataka government will look into the matter and will not allow any such enactment.
if any such unlawful acts by a responsible minister are initiated, the government of maharashtra will initiate legal action to protect the constitutional rights of the affected citizens.
meanwhile, political parties and organisations in mumbai, pune, kolhapur and other parts of state protested against baigs statement.
activists of maharashtra navnirman sena in thane painted jai maharashtra on buses plying to karnataka.
swabhiman sanghtana workers defaced the board of karnataka sangha hall and wrote jai maharashtra on it.
shiv sena activists in punes swargate, too, painted the slogan on buses plying to karnataka.
sainiks in kolhapur painted slogans  jai maharashtra, jai shivaji, jai bhawani  on at least seven buses plying from kolhapur to belgaum.
b'maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra cm devendra fadnavisin a major step towards improvement of infrastructure for cancer cure, maharashtra tied up with the tata trusts thursday to link all government colleges and medical colleges to the national cancer grid for uniform cancer profiling and quality treatment.
chief minister devendrafadnavis and tata trusts chairman ratan tata signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) for this collaboration at vidhan bhavan in mumbai.
on the lines of a similar grid developed in the united states, the tata trusts has established a national cancer grid that links all existing and proposed cancer care centres to create a uniform line of treatment for cancer patients across the country.
maharashtra is the countrys first state to join the initiative.
fadnavis announced in the legislative assembly thursday that another mou for development of the countrys first state-run bone marrow registry in maharashtra was also executed with the tata trusts.
this will be a huge gift of hope for patients suffering from blood cancer, sickle cell, thalassemia, and other fatal diseases, said the chief minister.
the cm said the target was to have 50,000 bone marrow donors in the next three years.
ratan tata was present in the vip gallery when fadnavis made a statement on the mous in the house.
the chief minister said a total of nine mous were inked between the government and tata trusts on thursday.
the tata trusts has agreed to help the government in setting up a strategic healthcare advisory unit aimed to improve overall healthcare in the state.
it will also involve setting up of a hospital information system and a drug supply corporation.
the organisation has also agreed to work with the government to curb incidences of malnutrition.
the states planning department will work with it to develop for model data platform for reviewing progress of various flagship schemes.
the home department executed another mou with tata trusts for a pilot project involving provision of legal aid, health, and mental health services, training, and skill upgrade within prisons.
it has also been decided to reform services at the nagpur mental hospital, which will then serve as a prototype for other similar centres.
a joint initiative aimed to bridge the technology-gender divide by improving internet literacy in rural maharashtra has been undertaken too.
the internet saathi initiative will cover women in 1,200 villages in the first phase.
the second phase is aimed at promoting internet literacy among women in another 15,000 villages.
the state will be the first to take up a plan to spread internet literacy across its villages, the cm informed the house.
another mou was signed to upgrade the skill set of language teachers in rural schools.
there shall also be a collaboration for developing model development plans for nagpur and chandrapur.
the state government on thursday approved the 2019-20 budget for mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) at rs 16,909.
10 crore, which is rs 4,752 crore more or a 35 per cent increase from last years rs 12,157 crore.
this is mmrdas highest budget so far.
advertisingwith an eye on elections, mmrda has laid emphasis on its 12 metro line projects in the city, increasing their budgetary allocation this year to rs 7,486.
50 crore from rs 4,700 crore last year.
other than metro corridors, the mmrda has allocated rs 210 crore for building two memorials in the city  dr babasaheb ambedkar memorial at indu mills, dadar, and bal thackeray memorial near shivaji park, also in dadar.
the intent is simple and focus positive.
if the metro is compelling for a better future, following the principles of great leaders is compulsory, said chief minister devendrafadnavis at the mmrdas meeting at vidhan bhavan.
the enhanced budgetary allocation for the projects also include rs 100 crore for the construction of a metro bhavan in aarey milk colony.
advertisingwith the government aiming to complete metro 2a (d n nagar to dahisar) and metro 7 (andheri east to dahisar east) first, the two metro lines have got a larger share at rs 1,895 crore and rs 1,921 crore.
other than metro projects, the mumbai trans harbour link (mthl) and virar-alibaug multi-modal corridor (mmc) are the two other major infra projects that have been allocated larger chunks of funds  rs 3,000 crore for mthl and rs 2,250 crore for the multi-modal corridor (mmc).
the budget also entails the allocation of rs 704.
2 crore for the surya regional water supply scheme aimed at providing water to 20 lakh residents of the mira-bhayender municipal corporation and vasai-virar city municipal corporation through 88-km long pipeline starting from suryanagar near boisar.
the authority has prioritised many projects, the crucial being the monorail phase-2.
the 11.
28-km long second phase of monorail from wadala to sant gadge maharaj chowk has been allocated rs 150 crore for its maintenance.
the second phase is expected to take off soon.
joint project director and mmrda spokesperson dilip kawatkar said the budgets main aim is to boost infrastructure projects in the city.
in an indication of softening of its stand on the nanar oil refinery, yuva sena chief aaditya thackeray on wednesday said that the shiv sena is not against development but it should not be done at the cost of residents.
the proposed refinery was shelved due to environmental concerns at senas insistence, as a condition of its pre-lok sabha election alliance with the bjp earlier this year.
the sena is not against development, but it should not be done at the cost of residents.
we are against the nanar project as the locals are opposed to it.
we are with the locals on this project, aaditya told mediapersons in thane during his jan ashirwad yatra.
on tuesday, fadnavis had said that the project needs to be discussed again.
at public meetings in konkan during his mahajanadesh yatra, he had said: following protests from some quarters, the government had given a stay to the project.
but today, i can see overwhelming demand from the people in the district for the nanar project.
although i am not going to make any official announcement on the project today, i reassure people we would like to invite you and discuss the project again.
advertisingfadnavis had made the statement after sena chief uddhav thackeray said that the proposed aarey car shed in mumbai would go the way of the nanar oil refinery.
sources in the sena said fadnavis statement has not gone down well with the party.
there was no need for the chief minister to raise that issue now after the project was stayed before the lok sabha polls.
the sena chief will make a statement on it, said a party leader.
while a section of leaders feel that the sena might not get to contest the equal seats for the assembly polls, senior party leader and transport minister diwakar raote told a tv channel that the alliance may break if the sena does not get to contest 144 seats.
if we dont get 144 seats, then the possibility of breaking the alliance cannot be ruled out, raote said on wednesday.
aaditya, who has been vocal against the proposed felling of over 2,600 trees to make way for a metro car shed in aarey colony of mumbai, said the cm is being misled about the project.
the chief minister is being misled by metro officials on the car depot in aarey for metro 3, he said.
the maharashtra assembly suspended 19 congress and ncp mlas on wednesday for violating norms and disrupting the budget presentation in the house.
the suspension will be on till december 2017.
the decision evoked sharp reaction from bjps alliance partner shiv sena, which pleaded with chief minister devendrafadnavis to reconsider the quantum of punishment and also the number of members suspended.
the congress and ncp leaders met governor ch vidyasagar rao to complain against the suspension order.
last week, during the budget presentation by finance minister sudhir mungantiwar, congress and ncp members walked into the well of the house holding huge banners and played cymbals to disrupt the budget presentation.
the opposition members, including senior leaders, also burnt copies of the budget speech on the premises of vidhan bhawan.
the oppositions unruly act was part of the protest against the state government for not conceding to their demand for immediate loan waiver for farmers.
the mlas suspended are amar kale, jeetendra awadh, abdul sattar, bhaskar jadhav, vijay wadettiwar, madhusudhan kendra, harshwardhan sapkal, kunal patil, jaykumar gore, sangram thopte, deepak chavan, rahul jagtap, datta bharne, sangram jagtap, amit zanak, narhari thevar, vaibhav pichad, avadhit tatkare and d p sawant.
minister for parliamentary affairs girish bapat mooted the suspension proposal against the congress and ncp members in the assembly.
the government wanted to take similar action against 10 congress and ncp members in the legislative council too but it was adjourned even before bapat could moot the proposal.
bapat said: the decision against the congress and ncp members was taken as per legislative norms.
they not only created an uproar in the assembly and council but also burnt budget copies.
the members, despite warning from assembly speaker haribhau bagde, continued to play cymbals making a mockery of the budget presentation.
justifying the action, the minister said: in the past when ajit pawar was the finance minister and we were in the opposition, the congress-ncp government had suspended nine bjp members.
we had not even left our respective seats.
but action was taken against us for protesting during his speech.
in the present case, the opposition members flashed huge banners, which is not allowed inside the assembly.
they tried to block the budget presentation.
the high-pitched clash cymbals were played, which are not allowed inside the assembly.
the bjp minister said since they were not in majority in the council, it was not possible to get the suspension order against ten of its members.
in the state council, chairman ramraje nimbalkar adjourned the house for the day.
the leader of the opposition radhakrishna vikhe-patil said, the decision is undemocratic.
we were just demanding loan waiver for farmers.
the government action is politically driven.
sena ministers ramdas kadam and diwakar raote, along with party members described the action as harsh.
he said: the suspension should be only for this session and not till december 31.
also the number of mlas suspended is very high.
in a snub to maharashtra bjp president and revenue minister chandrakant patil, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray sunday said the decision about seat-sharing for the assembly polls would be taken by him, chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp national president amit shah.
he reiterated that the sena-bjp alliance was intact and that they would fight the state elections together.
the sena chiefs remarks assumes significance as it comes a day after patil had said that seat-sharing needed to be worked out between the two parties.
if we get to contest 135 seats each, it means we will have just three seats for new entrants.
bjp and sena are both aware of this situation, patil had said on saturday.
on monday, sena mp sanjay raut, without naming patil, said if he is a painter to paint the picture about seat-sharing, then we are the carpenters and know how to downsize the picture.
advertisinga sena leader said the two parties, at the time of forging an alliance, had agreed to contest 135 seats each and leave the remaining 18 seats in the 288-member state assembly for smaller partners.
the agreement is clear between two parties and three leaders who negotiated the alliance.
some bjp leaders seem to be trying to create rift in alliance, said a sena leader.
meanwhile, ncp legislator dilip sopal, from barshi in solapur, has quit and announced he would join the sena on august 29.
former congress legislator dilip mane, from south solapur in solapur, has also quit the party and is set to join sena on tuesday.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday once again pledged to make maharashtra drought-free.
at the independ-ence day address from the open lawns of mantralaya in mumbai, fadnavis outlined the policy measures the government has decided to take to tackle the twin problems of drought and flood.
advertisingthe rainwater from konkan that flows into the sea will be diverted to godavari valley to address the water scarcity in marathwada and north maharas-htra.
similarly, wainganga water will be channelised through a tunnel in nalganga to address the water requirements of vidarbha.
the state government is committed to making maharashtra drought-free and water surplus, the chief minister said.
expressing concerns over the state reeling under drought for the last four years, fadnavis said: we have decided to divert 167 tmc water from konkan region to godavari river basin through nalganga project, a 489-km-long tunnel will be constructed to channelise water from wainganga river that flows into telangana to eastern and western vidarbha regions.
on floods in sangli and kolhapur districts in western maharashtra, the cm said: the government has sought rs 6,800-crore package from the centre.
he also made special mention about the relentless efforts made by the army, navy, air force, coast guards, ndrf and sdrf teams in the rescue and relief work in the flood-hit districts.
looking at his governments performance over the last five years, fadnavis said: an unprecedented rs 1.
5 lakh crore investment has been made in the agriculture sector.
at least rs 50,000 crore have been deposited in the bank accounts of farmers under various government subsidies and agriculture schemes.
sharad pawar (file photo) sharad pawar (file photo)nationalist congress party (ncp) chief sharad pawar on saturday accused the ruling bjp of using immense money power in maharashtras local body polls.
those talking about transparency must give an account of how they were able to assemble such money power all of a sudden, pawar said, referring to the bjp.
the bjp has been running an election campaign with transparency being the main poll plank.
as campaigning for the fierce election battle  the local body polls are being seen as a semi-final for the 2019 assembly polls in the state  nears a close, pawar also trained guns on chief minister devendrafadnavis , the face of the bjps campaign.
taking a sharp dig at fadnaviss campaign tagline this is my word on promises made to the voters, pawar said, those who havent yet completely understood maharashtra mustnt make such statements.
their word hardly counts.
watch what else is in the newsthe ncp chief also slammed fadnavis for running an individual-centric election campaign.
atal bihari vajpayee and lal krishna advani never ran an individual-centric campaign.
there is discontentment in the bjp camp itself over the current campaign, he added.
suggesting that the bjp had run a negative campaign, the ncp chief said, the chief minister has solely focussed on targeting uddhav thackeray.
he has not been discussing the reforms that he has done.
raising personal allegations against uddhav appears to be the bjps central policy.
pawar also appeared to question the genuineness behind the shiv senas threat to pull out of the fadnavis government.
uddhav hasnt yet made clear if he intended to withdraw support.
in fact, by suggesting that his party would continue to support the bjp if fadnavis waived off farm loans, he has already provided for an escape route.
to save his government, fadnavis would even take this bait, he said.
daring uddhav to walk the talk, pawar said, we (the ncp) are willing to issue a letter in writing to the governor stating clearly that we wont extend support to the bjp.
i will even share this letter with uddhav, but can he issue a similar undertaking stating he will remove support to the bjp.
in the battle for control over the mumbai municipality, pawar, however, conceded that the fight was between the shiv sena and the bjp.
and pawar said the shiv sena seemed to have the upper hand.
but he added that the struggle between the shiv sena and the bjp will benefit opposition parties in mumbai and in other cities too.
he also criticised the bjp for demanding a ban on saamana on polling days.
this only displays their autocratic mindset, he said.
continuing to target prime minister narendra modi over demonetisation, the ncp chief claimed it was in the nations interest to build up a campaign against demonetisation.
according to the nabard report 2017-18, the government has failed to provide higher credit access for farmers in the backward districts of maharashtra.
the crop loan credit projects for the backward regions of 11 districts of vidarbha will be rs 14,327 crore and for the eight districts of marathwada will be rs 13,735 crore.
in contrast, the crop loan credit for the five districts of western maharashtra alone will be rs 20,762 crore.
in the year 2017-18, the total crop loan credit  rs 58,862 crore  has been enhanced from last years rs 51,235 crore.
yet, the higher allocation of crop credit heavily tilts towards the more economically prosperous western maharashtra as compared to the vidarbha and marathwada regions, which together account for at least 65 per cent of the 1.
36 crore farmers in the state.
vidarbha and marathwada also encompass 14 of the worst drought distress districts of the state.
taking note of the problem, chief minister devendrafadnavis has set officials to fix the existing faultlines in the system.
we have to build a mechanism to provide small and marginal farmers easy access to crop loan credit.
keeping them out of institutional credit bracket defeats the very objective for which crop loan credit has been created.
in the absence of credit access, farmers are driven to private borrowings and money lenders, fadnavis added.
among the several policy modifications under way, the government has decided to improve the regional infrastructure to make crop loans easily accessible to farmers through financial institutions.
fadnavis also urged national and commercial banks to work out modalities to provide higher crop loan access.
he indicated that they should shed the apprehension about low recovery which is the primary the deterrent for withholding crop loans to farmers, especially in the backward districts of maharashtra.
interestingly, mumbai city has zero crop loans.
but overall credit disbursement in mumbai under various categories like agri term loan (rs 2,408 crore), msme (non-farm loan) rs 98,568 crore, other priority sector (rs 73,769 crore) together adds to rs 1,74,745 crore.
mumbais share in the total credit projections is the highest at 52 per cent followed by western maharashtra (21 per cent), marathwada (7.
91 per cent), vidarbha (7.
9 per cent), north maharashtra (5.
66 per cent) and konkan (5.
13 per cent).
the higher share of credit to mumbai and western maharashtra compared to vidarbha and marathwada is attributed to the better infrastructure there.
mumbai was included in the priority sector to promote export credit and msme activities.
the projection for 2017-18 indicates that the share of agriculture and allied activities in the entire priority sector is 26 per cent  almost similar to that in the year 2016-17.
almost 68 per cent of the total agriculture credit has been estimated for crop loans and the balance 32 per cent for investment and allied activities in agriculture.
mumbai was included in the process of priority credit planning only from 2013-14 onwards.
while the credit flow is always higher in more economically development regions, the total amount is also commensurate with the higher banking network.
the total number of bank branches of all types in region of marathwada is 1,886 and in vidarbha it is 2,626.
whereas in western maharashtra the number is 6,090.
the total number of bank branches in mumbai and mumbai suburban region stood at 2,138.
the credit outflow for a region is directly proportional to the number of bank branches in that region.
sena launches crop loan free campaignshiv sena president uddhav thackeray sunday launched a campaign me karjmukta honar (i will be loan free), saying the party would not rest till every farmer is freed from crop loans.
while warning the government not to test the patience of the farmers, he said, our party will work for farmers well-being.
he criticised the congress and ncp, who he accused of putting the farmers in debt.
today, farmers have landed in this situation because of their wrong policies.
at least 14 people were killed and another nine reported missing after several houses in chiplun taluka of ratnagiri district in maharashtra were swept away when the wall of the tiware dam breached tuesday night following heavy rain over the last 48 hours.
advertisingthe tiware dam, located off the karad-chiplun road, had undergone major repairs just two months ago but around 5 pm tuesday, a minor irrigation tank, constructed only in 2004, started leaking again.
amid the incessant rain, the dam breached around 9.
30 pm, flooding seven villages downstream.
read | government negligence led to breach of tiware dam: ncpaccording to an initial investigation report submitted to the state government, almost the whole length of the dam was washed away.
tide also swept away around 12 houses in the bhendewadi hamlet which has 24 inhabitants.
further downstream, six more villages or hamlets with a population of around 3,000 were surrounded by water and physically cut-off.
the affected villages or hamlets are owali, riktoli, aakale, daadar, nandivase and kalakavane.
advertisinglocal police, fire brigade and the district administration dispatched teams to the spot which along with local residents started the search for those missing around midnight.
at least 30 more people living in high-risk areas have been evacuated.
the national disaster response force (ndrf) was called in  one ndrf team stationed in neighbouring sindhudurg district and five from the headquarters of 5th battalion of the ndrf in pune  and reached the area wednesday around 7.
30 am.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has ordered a high-level probe and water resources minister girish mahajan, who visited the area wednesday, announced that strict action will be initiated against officials found responsible.
people have lost their lives.
why did the dam breach?
were there deficiencies in the dam structure?
what sort of repairs were carried out?
was there negligence in carrying out works?
all this will be a part of the inquiry ordered by the chief minister, said mahajan.
ratnagiris additional sp vishal gaikwad said, the entire wall of the dam has been completely demolished by the strong force of water collected in the rivulet from numerous streams in the mountainous region.
in the flooding it caused, houses in bhendewadi hamlet, located around 300 meters from the dam were washed away.
we launched search and rescue around midnight.
ndrf has joined in the morning.
also read | monsoon fury has mumbai reeling: 25 of 31 dead perished as walls collapsed, pune toll stands at 6by wednesday night, rescuers had recovered 14 bodies.
ndrf deputy commandant sachchidanand gawade, who is heading search operation, said, until now, 14 bodies have been taken out.
our teams are conducting visual searches downstream.
after the initial flash flood like situation, water flow is now normal.
the operation will be called off in low light and will continue in the morning.
asked whether the 20-year-old dam was due for repairs, ratnagiri district collector sunil chavan said, our priority right now is search, rescue and safety of people.
but these aspects will be certainly probed, adding that based on complaints received or if there are orders from the government, a probe will be conducted.
pratap shinde, a local resident, said, villagers had complained to the irrigation department about the cracks developing in the dam wall.
there was a hole in the wall from where water was continuously flowing out.
in may, irrigation officials made some temporary repairs with which the villagers were not happy.
they had just filled the hole with soil.
the dam structure had also developed cracks.
the dam was constructed 20 years ago on the rivulet which is a tributary of vashishthi river.
the dam capacity is 0.
08 tmc (thousand million cubic feet) and collects water from the hilly region of the western ghats in ratnagiri and satara districts.
after an inspection on may 9 by the local water conservation department, engineers confirmed the damage to the dam and the district water conservation officer undertook major repairs on may 20.
also read | nothing will change for mumbai, thanks to bmcthe damaged portion was refilled in the presence of villagers, says the report submitted to the state government.
on the basis of the report, questions are now being raised on the quality of the repairs.
prima facie, it appears that while the refilling was carried out, it wasnt compacted well, said a senior official involved in rescue operations.
advertisingleader of the opposition in the assembly vijay wadettiwar alleged that a firm led by a local shiv sena legislator carried out the construction.
people have lost lives due to the negligence of the government.
a case of murder should be lodged against the government itself, he said.
the dam was constructed in 2004 only, he pointed out.
the congress has also demanded a structural assessment of all dams in maharashtra.
b'with the kharif sowing season for 2016-17 kicking off, the chief minister was keen that his cabinet formally approves the proposal on tuesday itself.
with the kharif sowing season for 2016-17 kicking off, the chief minister was keen that his cabinet formally approves the proposal on tuesday itself.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis plan to provide a rs 2000-crore guarantee to district cooperative banks for disbursing crop loans in the drought-hit belts tuesday met with resistance from within his government.
senior bureaucrats with the states finance department have cautioned the states political leadership that this move would adversely impact the states fiscal management and set an unhealthy precedent, sources said.
the states financial managers are also not convinced about the model proposed to recover the guaranteed loan amount, confirmed a senior official.
with the kharif sowing season for 2016-17 kicking off, the chief minister was keen that his cabinet formally approves the proposal on tuesday itself.
but following the finance departments objection, sources confirmed that a cabinet sub-committee was instead formed to decide on the proposal.
sources also confirmed that finance minister sudhir mungantiwar was vexed that the cabinet proposal was moved at the last minute and his opinion in this regard wasnt sought.
that the state government was divided on the issue also became clear when cooperatives minister chandrakant patil, while speaking to newspersons after the cabinet session, disclosed the governments plan to provide the rs 2000-crore guarantee to banks despite the finance departments opposition.
for now, the cabinet has granted full powers to the cabinet sub-committee, which would involve both chandrakant patil and sudhir mungantiwar, to evolve a consensus on the issue.
the proposal is to issue the guarantee to the states apex cooperative bank  the maharashtra state cooperative bank (mscb)  which would then be responsible of distributing it to 14 district cooperative banks in drought-hit belts in vidharbha, marathwada, and north maharashtra.
the finance department apprehends that the guarantee will set a precedent for issuance of similar guarantees after every year whenever crop production is hit by natural calamities.
records show that the government had issued such a guarantee for standing crop only once in the past.
this was in 2012-13, when the previous congress-ncp regime had provided this for the district cooperative bank in nagpur.
both the previous and the current regime had adopted a policy to discourage government guarantees after rampant discrepancies came to light in the ones issued to cooperative sugar barons.
the state has faced three successive drought spells in four year.
with a good monsoon forecast for 2016-17, sources said that the chief minister feels that marginal farmers could be provided a cushion for availing institutional finance for crop loans to better agriculture production.
the idea is also to discourage their exploitation from private money lenders.
the bjp is also aiming at scoring political points through the move in rural belts where an acute farm distress has also led to a dip in the ruling regimes popularity to a certain extent.
ironically, the mscb had earlier indicated that it too was not comfortable with the governments guarantee plan.
its reasons, however, were different.
sources confirmed that it was angling for rs 1000 crore to be pumped by the government in deposits to the bank.
the cooperatives department, however, turned down the mscbs demand, arguing that it would not be financially prudent for the state government.
several lands acquired for public purposes in maharashtras cities have remained unutilised.
encroachments have come up on such lands resulting in loss of hundreds of crores in taxpayers money.
taking a stern view of this, chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed all civic chiefs to first ascertain that a public land can be immediately put to use before acquiring it.
the chief minister-led urban development department has issued orders in this regard on april 26.
the state government has made it clear that no lands would be acquired without the confirmation that it can be put to immediate use.
while acquiring private lands for public purposes, the municipal agencies are bound to compensate land owners in cash or kind.
under prevalent norms, land owners whose land are sought to be acquired are to be paid a cash compensation equal to at least two times the government-determined market value for a plot or proportionate transferable development rights (tdr).
in several cases the land so acquired has remained unutilised and unsecured.
this had led to encroachments on these lands defeating the very purpose of acquisition, said a senior official.
the measure is aimed at bettering fiscal prudence and improving the implementation of development plans.
most municipalities including mumbai have been poor in the implementation of the development plan.
the state government has courted criticism in the past for non-utilisation of acquired lands.
chief minister devendrafadnavis at the bjp rally in dadar-prabhadevi.
kevin dsouza chief minister devendrafadnavis at the bjp rally in dadar-prabhadevi.
kevin dsouzahours before chief minister devendrafadnavis was to address an election rally for the bharatiya janata party (bjp) just a few furlongs from their office, it was just another day at work for the staff inside the office of the saamana, the shiv senas mouthpiece.
senior journalists in the office brushed off the bjps challenge and an eyeball-to-eyeball confrontation, saying that the bjp campaign material mocking the saamanas editorials have not fazed anyone.
the saamana is read by all in political circles.
its articles and editorials make news for other newspapers, said one senior journalist.
so its actually ironic that the bjp has to describe the rallys location in their advertisements as being near the dainik saamana office.
that was their way to attract attention to the rally.
watch what else is making newsoutside, with the bjp deciding to challenge the shiv sena on its own turf, residents of the dadar-prabhadevi region found themselves at the centre of an intense personal campaign by the two parties that are front-runners.
sena activists and loyalists are miffed too  this is a traditional bastion of the shiv sena, and sainiks are annoyed at the bjps apparent attempt to portray its candidates as major players here.
mahadev kadam, a resident of kamgar nagar, pooh-poohs the suggestion that the cms rally will have an impact on voting within dadar-prabhadevi.
we are seeing the bjp candidate now.
this area has always voted for the sena, except last time when the seat went to the mns, says kadam, a voter in ward 194 (prabhadevi) where friday evenings rally took place.
actually this time the real fight is between the sena, mns and sawant.
kadam was referring to mahesh sawant, a disgruntled sena worker who is contesting as an independent, having rebelled against the party after he failed to get a party nomination.
the official sena candidate is samadhan sarvankar, son of local sena legislator sada sarvankar.
the sitting mns corporator of the area is santosh dhuri.
the bjp candidate, suryakant dhavale, in not a known name in the ward.
to those who ask if the chief ministers rally at saamanas doorstep is vexatious for sena leaders, almost all insiders have a counter view: the real problem in the dadar-prabhadevi belt, where the shiv sena will want to regain the pride it lost in 2012 when all seven wards were won by maharashtra navnirman sena candidates, is an internal challenge, not the bjps candidates.
the rebel candidate, sawant, has a large support base in the ward, admits one senior sena leader, conceding that this is one of the wards the party remains nervous about.
all the locals seem to recognise sawants name.
laxman hingole, a shopkeeper in the area, says the sena has done injustice to sawant by denying him the party ticket.
sawant is a very active person in the locality and is always with the people in their good and bad times.
the youngsters are with him too and he has a large following.
there is a lot of resentment among sainiks for him being denied a ticket, especially as he was overlooked in order to promote dynasty politics, says hingole.
sawant incidentally contested the 2012 election on a congress ticket, and lost to dhuri by a very small margin.
hingole adds that with sawant in the fray again, there are chances of a repeat result.
the mns candidate could just win in the fight between the sena and the sena.
in the 2012 civic polls, the biggest blow to the sena came when it lost all seven seats in dadar and prabhadevi, considered its stronghold since the partys inception.
the bastion was snatched by the raj thackeray-led mns.
the belt is part of the marathi-speaking heartland of mumbai, and is a politically sensitive area, housing the shiv sena bhavan and the residence of raj thackeray.
besides ward 194, a tough fight is also shaping up between the sena and mns in at least one neighbouring ward, and residents predict that the mns could retain a few wards in the locality.
in ward 191 (shivaji park), the sena has fielded former mayor vishakha raut against mns candidate swapna deshpande, wife of sitting corporator sandeep deshpande.
swapna is seen as a strong contender, even though she is a first-timer, owing to sandeeps popularity.
in ward 192 (kaburtarkhana, dadar railway station), the mns has fielded snehal jadhav, wife of a sitting corporator, against the senas priti patankar.
raju vaidya, a resident of shivaji park, says the mns could still surprise.
as the bjp is not a major player here, the fight is between the sena and mns.
the mns is likely to retain a few seats due to the candidates personal connect, says vaidya, who owns a jewellery store in prabhadevi.
as for the bjp, people are not really pleased with its increased aggression against the sena.
sainiks in the prabhadevi shiv sena shakha, located close to the saamana office, call it a gimmick by the bjp to hold a cm rally so close to the saamana establishment.
there was no need for cm to hold the rally here.
it is an attempt to instigate us, says one sainik, requesting not to be named.
but in any case, the place holds a bad omen  rallies of narayan rane and rr patil were held at the same spot too and did not have any impact.
former saamana journalist and a digital journalist with a leading regional newspaper bhimrao gawali says the bjps move to hold fadnaviss rally at this location shows the unease in the party leadership about the papers editorials that have vociferously criticised the bjp and its central leadership.
it also appears that theres confusion about whether to target the sena, its party president or the saamana, says gawali.
the bjp rally venue was about 200 meters away from the saamana office, in front of the shiv senas shiv vidya prabodhini balasaheb thackeray ias academy.
there are no bjp posters or flags outside the saamana office despite the build-up of a rally right inside the senas den.
meanwhile, sena leaders said party president uddhav thackeray will also address a rally in prabhadevi this weekend.
it was planned 10 days back, not now, said a sena leader.
but there will be a strong reply.
the congress on tuesday upped the ante on the demand for a complete loan waiver for farmers in the flood-hit belts.
congress state president balasaheb thorat said that the bjp-led government at the centre and in the state should forthwith waive farm loans in these areas taking into account the unprecedented loss caused to agriculture.
last week, ncp president sharad pawar had raised the same demand.
advertisingthorat said that a delegation of party leaders will meet chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday to formally raise the demand.
as per the governments preliminary assessment, about 8.
71 lakh farmers have were hit by last weeks flood.
while alleging that the state was lacking in efforts to tackle flood, thorat also took a swipe at fadnavis.
referring to union home minister amit shahs aerial survey in flood-hit parts of karnataka and maharashtra, thorat questioned why fadnavis or senior state ministers werent a part of the assessment exercise.
this is perhaps the first time when the chief minister (bs yeddyurappa) of one state undertook an aerial survey of flood-hit parts in another state, he said.
at a meeting of senior leaders on tuesday, it was also decided that public agitations will be launched against the governments inept handling of flood.
thorat further announced that the youth congress will hold cleanliness drives in the affected areas from august 16.
advertisingncp too joins chorusthe nationalist congress party (ncp) tuesday sought a complete loan waiver for flood-affected farmers.
the loans, including the interest of all farmers who have been affected by the floods that have hit the state, should be waived, said the ncp in a charter of 15 demands submitted to maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
senior ncp leaders like party mp supriya sule, leader of opposition in the legislative council dhananjay munde and mumbai ncp president nawab malik, also handed over a cheque of rs 50 lakh to the chief minister for providing relief to flood-affected people.
the ncp also demanded that farmers whose crops were destroyed should be paid a compensation of rs 1 lakh per hectare while rice farmers should be given rs 50,000 per hectare.
the ncp also demanded that rs 25,000 per hectare should be given to farmers to clear the silt left behind by the receding waters.
the party also claimed that because the farmers will not be able to till their lands for the next six months, farmers and labourers should each be given a cash dole of rs 40,000.
b'in a fresh case of arson, padmavati set near kolhapur were set on fire despite heightened security.
in a fresh case of arson, padmavati set near kolhapur were set on fire despite heightened security.
not just the cbfc, but apparently karni sena may also have the honor of censoring padmavati upon its completion.
on the day when the padmavati movie set near kolhapur was vandalised with petrol bombs, rajasthans social justice and empowerment minister arun chaturvedi said that the film would be screened before a committee of the shri rashtriya rajput karni sena (srrks) and other knowledgeable members of society and their objections would be invited before its release in the state.
[he denied it later in the day while speaking to cnn news 18, stating that no such assurance or support had been provided to the protester groups from the governments side.
but it is worth noting that no arrests had been made in the two months following the vandalism carried out by karni sena goons on the movies set in jaipur on january 27, in which director sanjay leela bhansali has also physically assaulted.
]chaturvedi did not deny that he felt that the protests against padmavati were justified and to be expected.
considering the october 2016 precedent of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis when he too invited raj thackeray to his office to hear out and settle his partys objections to karan johars ae dil hai mushkil, this came as no surprise.
government representatives like fadnavis and chaturvedi, instead of castigating goon threats, vandalism and violence, validate their methods by providing them a legitimate seat at the table as a result of these attention-seeking actions.
it played just as was expected: not a word against targeted violence and property destruction and attempts to climb on the chest of a filmmaker well within his rights to make a period inspired film that does not claim to be the truth.
vandals at sanjay leela bhansalis film set in jaipur.
pti, wikipedia vandals at sanjay leela bhansalis film set in jaipur.
pti, wikipediaon march 5, vandals against padmavati the movie similarly entered the chittaurgarh fort, one of the states prime unesco world heritage sites, and broke mirrors within the padmini mahal.
according to a legend, padminis face had been shown to alauddin khilji in these mirrors.
our warnings were ignored by the district administration.
in the script too, shobha sant (ceo of bhansali productions) had insisted on a scene where khilji sees rani padmini in the mirror.
we constantly raised this issue with them but there was no follow-up by the flmmakers.
so we salute those who vandalised their set today, mahipal singh, state president of karni sena had said.
the rajasthan government appeared to encourage the same heritage-disrespecting hooligans by justifying their supporter caste-based organisation for trying get their way by bullying.
who are the knowledgeable society members whose objections they proclaimedly invite when none of them are neither privy to the movies script nor realise that their grudges revolve around a possibly mythical figure.
the minister and the goons may insist on referring to the issue as tampered facts when in reality historians have shown that there are no hard facts about padmini at all.
but misplaced caste pride trumps in political calculations.
once again, the rights of a filmmaker be overruled and damned, should the goons object (so what if it took destroyed public and private property, harmed animal and manhandled people to win them that).
unreasonable violence and mob power has found a legitimate currency lately, and the governments seem to condone the linchpin intentions each time, even if they attempt to distance themselves from the miscreants.
in the recent ramjas violence unleashed by members of the abvp, the blame of rousing was vaguely pinned upon the so called leftists (all with disagreements with abvp ideology/methods written off in one stroke) and a gurmehar kaur scapegoated and mistargeted based on a decontexualised placards from an old video  so much so that a union minister found it worth his time to imply that her mind was being polluted by anti-national agents.
why are the vandals who destroy heritage sites and attempt to burn anothers property not condemned but treated with respect and justified?
anyhow, if the screening of padmavati is at all permitted in rajasthan upon its release, the karni sena members may get to have a say in whether and to what extent it is fit for the eyes and ears of people residing in the state; when in a democracy with freedom of expression, they should be only deciding for themselves.
raising the issue of employment guarantee to drought-hit farmers, shiv senas heir apparent aaditya thackeray said on sunday that he would soon meet chief minister devendrafadnavis to discuss the issue.
advertisingaaditya, who visited drought-hit parts in western maharashtras solapur on sunday, also assured farmers that he would hold discussions with the state government to fix issues concerning the governments farm loan waiver scheme.
eyeing the upcoming assembly polls, senior shiv sena leaders toured drought-hit areas on sunday.
reaching out to farmers, the party distributed foodgrains and water to those staying in fodder camps across nine districts.
party president uddhav thackeray oversaw the distribution in jalna and aurangabad, where he also interacted with farmers.
with the opposition targeting the bjp-shiv sena government for rising farmer suicides in the state, agrarian distress is likely to be the key election issue in the upcoming state polls.
with this in mind, all the major parties are reaching out to marginal farmers.
shiv sena promises to be with you till the drought crisis has been conquered, aaditya said while interacting with farmers at one of the fodder-camps.
incidentally, he also criticised politics over drought during the same interaction.
meanwhile, former minister jaydutt kshirsagar, who has recently switched over from the ncp to the shiv sena, accompanied uddhav thackeray during his drought visit.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , along with shiv sena president uddhav thackeray seem to be striking the right chord with mumbaikars on the housing policy, ahead of the bmc 2017 polls.
(file) chief minister devendrafadnavis , along with shiv sena president uddhav thackeray seem to be striking the right chord with mumbaikars on the housing policy, ahead of the bmc 2017 polls.
(file)mumbais suburbs are set for a massive makeover with the state government unveiling a new housing policy paving the way for redevelopment of unsafe tenanted buildings, transit camps and dilapidated mhada colonies, with a slew of incentives including higher floor space index (fsi).
several thousand tenanted buildings declared unfit by bmc will now be eligible for fsi up to 3 from 2 at present.
ahead of the crucial 2017 bmc polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis , along with shiv sena president uddhav thackeray seem to be striking the right chord with mumbaikars on the housing policy.
developers have to provide the maharashtra housing and development authority (mhada) with adequate, affordable housing stock under various categories undertaken in redevelopment projects.
the cm said, almost 63 per cent of the area of mumbai and its suburbs come in the category of coastal regulation zone or green belt.
as a result, the entire citys housing concern along with infrastructure has to be confined to 37 per cent available land.
it is a daunting task.
giving the nod for redevelopment of societies inside 56 mhada-owned layouts in the suburbs, the government has mandated developers to pay a premium on such properties as compensation to the state housing board for its share.
the policy entails redevelopment of such properties to pay a premium for compensating the state housing board for its share in the surplus area remaining after rehabilitation of existing tenants, and the proportionate sale component.
fadnavis mentioned how there were 104 layouts within mhada spread across 1,560 hectares of prime land awaiting redevelopment since 1950-60.
but successive governments ignored the concerns of mumbaikars, he claimed.
giving the go-ahead to the cluster development model in suburbs on the lines of the one in the island city, fadnavis emphasised on generating more affordable housing stock.
the development up to 2,000 sq mts of plot would be allowed an fsi up to 3.
redevelopment of plots beyond 2,000 sq mts would have an fsi of 4.
the cluster development is to ensure wholistic development of housing, complete with civic amenities and infrastructure.
another decision pertains to redevelopment of 40 transit camps of mhada across the city housing 22,634 tenants of which almost 8,000 families are unathorised.
fadnavis also announced in situ redevelopment of 50,000 slum dwellers living near the airport.
the government has got all permissions from the centre in this regard, he said.
prime minister narendra modi with wef founder klaus schwab, swiss president alain berset in davos tuesday.
(photo: reuters) prime minister narendra modi with wef founder klaus schwab, swiss president alain berset in davos tuesday.
(photo: reuters)there is no better way to start the year than an annual trip to magic mountains for the world economic forum in davos, which i attended for the fourth time.
every time i come to this snow-covered swiss town (which, this year, witnessed one of the heaviest snowfalls in over two decades), i discover new ideas, paradigms and role models among some of the worlds finest leaders and thinkers who invariably shape the contours of our social, economic and political discourse.
klaus schwab, who i greatly admire, recently called india an image of optimism and promise.
this optimism explains the unmistakable buzz about india at davos with prime minister narendra modi leading the largest ever government and business delegation to the summit and becoming the first ever indian pm to deliver the opening plenary.
team india put together an impressive welcome reception hosted by department of industrial policy and promotion (dipp), investor roundtables by invest india and giant billboards showcasing indias rising economic prowess buttressed with culture, yoga, indian cinema and culinary diplomacy  the world is indeed raising a toast to india.
indias barometer of investor confidence recently received a positive impetus with two strong endorsements as it jumped 30 places to 100 in the world banks ease of doing business (eodb) report 2018.
this is the greatest improvement seen in the case of india, placing it among the top 10 improvers in 2018.
with gst being outside the assessment period and only a partial incorporation of the bankruptcy legislation, next years eodb rank will see a further improvement.
second, after a gap of 14 years, india received a sovereign credit upgrade from moodys, with the current rating placing it one notch above the lowest investment grade.
the indian economy is in a sweet spot with the imf outlook on india placing it as the worlds fastest-growing major economy in 2018 and a $5 trillion economy by 2025, setting the tone for india means business at davos.
as pm modi took the worlds centrestage to deliver the opening plenary in impeccable hindi  his communication full of confidence and conviction  the world got his message loud and clear.
modi demonstrated indias strong resolve to collaborate with international partners to heal a fractured world, borrowing liberally from the ideals enshrined in the ancient vedas and the upanishads as well as quoting mahatma gandhi and rabindranath tagore.
the pm gave a clarion call to tackle global warming, terrorism and protectionism reaffirming indias strong commitment towards ensuring peace, stability and security through greater harmony and unity.
the pm also emphasised democracy, demography and dynamism, which are shaping india inclusive growth agenda.
the buzz about india is now a gigantic roar, echoing the sentiments of the pm as he presented indias policy emphasis on creating a new economic architecture and progress through orbit-changing structural reforms to global and indian ceos.
during these interactions, the pm exuded confidence and conviction in the countrys reform trajectory and its remarkable entrepreneurial spirit.
the pms narrative on economic progress and reforms found collective resonance in the discussions and meetings led by union ministers that accompanied him and my fellow industry leaders building bilateral and business bridges, many of which took place at the india lounge.
i also joined the maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis along with shah rukh khan and other guests at a ceo roundtable in the maharashtra lounge to launch the fintech policy for the state.
as a member of the committee chaired by the chief minister, i have had the opportunity to contribute towards building the policy framework for developing the mumbai metropolitan region (mmr) as indias global fintech hub.
what better time to launch it than at davos where an impending technological revolution is all pervasive in the discussions?
the recently announced wef centre for fourth industrial revolution in mumbai will also maximise the benefits of science and technology and forge stronger bonds with the forum.
as i close my thoughts on davos, i see a bold, assertive and confident new india buoyed by the energy, enthusiasm and conviction of our prime minister.
indias ascendancy in the world order is no longer a conjecture, but a welcome certainty.
bjp corporator seema savle celebrates with her supporters.
.
(manoj more) bjp corporator seema savle celebrates with her supporters.
.
(manoj more)bjp corporator seema savle, who gained fame as an anti-graft crusader during the ajit pawar-led ncp regime in pimpri-chinchwad, was elected the chairperson of the standing committee of the pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation, unopposed, on friday.
savle is the first corporator from the backward class community to be elected the pcmcs standing committee chairperson.
minutes after she was elected to the post, savle declared that corrupt officials, contractors and office-bearers will face strong action during her tenure.
there is no question of pardoning those who have tried to loot public money.
i refused to align with the corruptthe corrupt will be punished and punished severely, said savle.
when asked about the fate of the tender process during the ncp regime, savle spoke about her intention to review all the projects sanctioned during that time.
all the tendering processes will be reviewed.
if we find something fishy in them, they will be cancelled and those responsible will be questioned and investigated, she said.
savle added, during my tenure, it will not be known as the commission committee but a peoples committee.
i will ensure that it will be a honest, transparent and public-oriented committee.
i request all local residents to approach me directly for whatever civic works they want to be carried out in their areas.
they can contact me on my cellphone or can meet me in the civic office during working days.
savle also said she will shun the use of an official car.
this will help the pcmc save rs 12 lakh every year.
i will not seek any fuel reimbursements, she said.
when asked whether the standing committee meetings would be thrown open to media and the general public, a demand made for years and resisted by the ncp, savle said she had already made up her mind to throw open the panel meetings.
during my tenure, the panel will not work with secrecy.
people have a right to know how their money is being spent.
however, the decision regarding throwing open the meetings will be made in consultation with the civic administration and journalists body next week, she said.
speaking on the hazards posed by the speed-breakers across the length and breadth of pimpri-chinchwad, savle said the state of all roads will be reviewed.
we will ensure that roads become safe and the speed-breakers dont pose a risk to travellers or damage their vehicles, she said.
mayor nitin kalje and bjp leaders such as gajanan babar, azam pansare, eknath pawar, shankar jagtap, babu nair and sarang kamtekar and raju durge were present on the occasion.
ncp leader yogesh behl, opposition leader in the pcmc house, said, the ncp will play the role of an effective opposition and will not oppose only for the sake of opposing.
seema salve, who has been at the forefront of making accusations, will have to ensure that she doesnt face the same allegations.
savle countered that by saying whenever she made allegations of corruption, they were based on concrete proof.
no newspaper was ready to publish our allegations unless they were backed by concrete evidence.
therefore, every time we blew the lid off a civic scandal, it was backed by solid proof, she said.
savle said chief minister devendrafadnavis had promised transparency in the functioning of civic bodies and she would do everything possible to live up to the partys promise.
bjp will provide clean and transparent governance, she said.
credits success to her husband seema savle credited her success to husband sarang kamtekar, who is a bjp general secretary.
had it not been for sarang, it would not have been possible for me to reach to this status.
.
, she said.
a poster congratulating devendrafadnavis for the loan announcement.
(source: ganesh shirsekar) a poster congratulating devendrafadnavis for the loan announcement.
(source: ganesh shirsekar)the farmers stir in maharashtra, which entered its seventh day wednesday, has further widened the mistrust between the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) and its warring ally shiv sena.
the bjp feels its ally is scrambling even more than the opposition to cash in on the growing anger in the farming community.
a senior bjp minister confirmed to the indian express that the shiv senas role in the ongoing protest was discussed in detail during a meeting convened by chief minister devendrafadnavis at his official residence late tuesday evening to take stock of the crisis.
all bjp ministers were present at the urgently convened meeting.
we have specific inputs in this regard, said the minister.
the shiv sena, on the other hand, has continued to publicly target fadnavis and the bjp over the issue.
on wednesday, sena ministers boycotted the cabinet meeting.
we (the shiv sena) have not been taken into confidence over the farm loan waiver issue.
the chief minister must spell out his stance on loan waiver, said sena minister subhash desai.
the government cannot take a decision on the loan waiver issue without consulting (shiv sena president) uddhav thackeray, he added.
thackerays party has joined the chorus for a blanket loan waiver, which fadnavis is not in favour of.
later in the day, sena mp sanjay raut sounded a veiled warning to the ally: the government can be strangled in no time.
however, with shiv senas 25,893 votes crucial for winning the upcoming presidential polls, the bjp core group has decided against a direct face-off with the ally for now.
during the meeting tuesday, said another bjp minister, it was decided to piece together a counter-narrative focussed on issues that could strike a chord with the farmers.
the party has now planned to hold farmer meets across the state to correct the negative perception.
sensing that there was some resentment against those in positions of power, the bjps strategy is to field some of its known farm sector faces to lead the counter-narrative.
as part of the game plan, the bjp has also asked its guardian ministers to organise farmer outreach campaign in various districts.
it is a fact that we havent been able to effectively communicate the various measures taken to support the rural economy.
it was decided to intensify the communications campaign, said a bjp minister.
a massive spot advertising campaign has also been planned.
the resentment is most visible in ahmednagar, nashik, and pune.
concerted outreach efforts will be made in these belts, the minister added.
keen to corner the bjp and exploit the simmering tension between the ruling allies, state congress chief ashok chavan has demanded a special session of the state legislature to discuss the loan waiver issue.
meanwhile, hinting that the governments proposed loan waiver would be limited to defaulted crop loans of farmers with small landholdings, the government wednesday appointed a committee under pune divisional commissioner chandrakant dalvi, asking it to study crop loans provided by various district and commercial banks to farmers.
the committee has also been asked to collate taluka-wise data on the landholding pattern among farmers.
while fadnavis had earlier indicated that his government would extend a relief package to farmers with landholdings below 5 acres, high level sources said the government could adopt a region-wise cap to ensure vulnerable farmers in suicide-prone vidarbha and marathwada were covered under the package.
while the average farm holding of marginal farmers in western and north maharashtra is below 5 acres, the same average is much more in the two suicide-prone belts.
the committee has also been asked to study the loan-waiver model adopted by uttar pradesh, telangana, and andhra pradesh, and submit its report within 15 days.
on wednesday morning, shiv sena ministers met fadnavis to convey their inability to attend the meeting.
the reason cited was that party president uddhav thackeray was on a holiday abroad and as a result, the strategy of the party will have to be discussed and the future course of action would be taken after his arrival and meeting with party leaders.
finance minister sudhir mungantiwar said: the shiv sena has not boycotted the cabinet.
they sought permission from the chief minister to skip the meeting.
we will discuss it with the sena after thackerays return.
we will take the sena into confidence and consult them on the loan waiver issue as was done for the goods and services tax.
a senior sena minister told the indian express: we were all set to participate in the cabinet meeting.
but we realised there is a nashik bandh call that will see the participation of our local leaders.
if we had taken part in the cabinet meeting, it would have blunt our support to the farmers cause.
shiv sena mp sanjay raut said: the ministers have boycotted the cabinet meeting as we demand a complete loan waiver for farmers.
a political manager in the bjp, however, said: this is not the first time that sena has thrown tantrums.
whenever they are on the back foot, they indulge in an act to embarrass the government.
but by now the people can see the double standards of the sena.
a sena leader said: we believe the loan waiver should be for all farmers and not just for small and marginal ones.
the senas demand is being dismissed as not being practical.
both the congress and the ncps demand for loan waiver was limited to the debt-ridden 31 lakh small and marginal farmers who did not have access to fresh crop loan.
there are 1.
36 crore farmers in the state and 31 lakh of them are debt-ridden and out of the institutional credit bracket since 2012.
the number has now increased to 40 lakh farmers.
loan waiver to 40 lakh farmers works out to around rs 30,000 crore.
whereas, if the state government were to consider the sena demand for a loan waiver for 1.
36 crore farmers, the total amount required would be rs 1.
14 lakh crore.
according to sources, now, the total state budget is rs 2.
57 lakh crore and the essential expenditure is rs 1.
77 lakh crore.
extending loan waiver to all farmers would bring the state machinery to a standstill, sources said.
swabhimaani shetkari sanghathana leader and sitting mp raju shetti is in a spot over some controversial remarks he had made against the brahmin community during an election rally last week.
not only has the election commission of india initiated action against him, senior leaders from the congress and the nationalist congress party, which have joined forces with shettis party for the lok sabha poll, are miffed with him for the objectionable remarks.
softening stanceadvertisingthere was strong opposition from within the congress on the inclusion of raj thackerays maharashtra navnirman sena in the oppositions alliance in maharashtra.
but with thackeray, who has decided not to field his partys candidates this election, going on an all-out campaign against narendra modi and the bjp, the congress leaders have begun cosying up to him and his party.
setting the tone for the softening stance, former chief minister prithviraj chavan publicly thanked thackeray this past week over his stand.
on holdaccording to sources, promotions of senior ips officers in maharashtra are on hold due to lack of vacancies, and the ongoing election campaign.
sources say chief minister devendrafadnavis has plans to carry out a major rejig once the model code of conduct is lifted in may.
well donein a welcome initiative, ratnagiris collector sunil chauhan sunday organised a 2,800-participant strong human chain in a stadium to create awareness on voting.
the initiative, undertaken by the systematic voters education and electoral participation committee, received a welcome response.
chief minister devendrafadnavis with union defence minister manohar parrikar in mumbai on saturday.
(prashant nadkar) chief minister devendrafadnavis with union defence minister manohar parrikar in mumbai on saturday.
(prashant nadkar)maharashtra has become the first state in the country to unveil its draft policy on defence and aerospace, which is expected to bring five billion dollar investment and generate 1 lakh employment.
the policy initiative under the banner of make in maharashtra was announced by chief minister devendrafadnavis in the presence of union defence minister manohar parrikar on saturday.
the state government has also decided to create its own support fund of rs 1,000 crore.
watch what else is making newsparrikar described maharashtras initiative as a game changer and said the decision would play a significant role in augmenting the indigenous defence manufacturing sector in the country.
fadnavis said, we expect $5-billion investment and 1 lakh job creation over a period of five years.
indicating that objective of the government was to make maharashtra the leading defence investment hub, the cm said, almost 25 per cent of the total ordinance factories of india are already located in maharashtra.
in that sense, we have an edge over the others in taking forward our defence and aerospace policies.
the draft policy which was presented for discussion with the investors also elicited some concerns related to laws and security aspects.
the reluctance of financial institutions to lend funds to private players would be also looked into with midc, sidbi pursuing the matter with sbi capital and others.
the focus on defence and aerospace projects would be nagpur, nashik, pune and aurangabad which are being developed into hubs.
whether it is manufacturing of defence equipment or combat aircraft in collaboration with global players, the centres policy to allow foreign direct investment will be crucial in giving the sector additional boost.
parrikar said, the centre will provide full support to the states defence policy.
fadnavis has taken the lead which is highly appreciable.
the state with its political leadership, politics and good law and order provides a conducive atmosphere for drawing investors in the defence sector.
chief minister devendrafadnavis met prime minister narendra modi on tuesday and apprised him about the political developments and the electoral success the bjp got in the ten municipal corporations, 25 zilla parishads and 283 panchayat samitis across maharashtra.
watch what else is making newsat the meeting, it was emphasised how developmental plank pushed uniformly across urban, semi-urban and rural maharashtra worked to the partys advantage overriding the initial hardships caused to the farmers and cooperative sectors due to demonetisation policy of the centre.
at the one-to-one meeting between the pm and cm, a report explaining how developmental plank coupled with local alliances led to the success of the party was presented along with the roadmap ahead, both administrative and electoral.
highly-placed sources in the bjp indicated that the subject of who should hold the remote of brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) was also discussed at the meeting.
while maintaining that bjp would like to have an alliance with shiv sena in the bmc, the party said it would not like to compromise its transparency plank.
thus, indicating that bjp is not averse to some give and take with the sena which has managed to win two seats more than the bjps 82 in the 227-seat mumbai municipal corporation.
sources in the bjp indicated, the bjp is confident of having its own mayor in the bmc.
the congress decision to distance itself from the shiv sena is perceived as the big setback for uddhav thackeray who was trying to mobilise support within non-bjp parties to stump them from staking claim for the mayoral post in bmc.
while emphasising that public mandate in maharashtra had clearly negated the demonetisation plank which had united the congress, ncp and shiv sena against the bjp during the two phased elections on february 16 and 21, the chief minister highlighted the support of the people to combat corruption and their ability to accept the transparency plank.
the statistical details presented to the prime minister showed how bjp at 35,36 per cent vote share was way ahead of all other mainstream parties in the nine municipal corporation elections.
in mumbai it polled 27,92 per cent votes which was marginally lower than shiv senas 28.
83 per cent.
the chief minister apprised the pm about the zilla parishad results where the party made a quantum leap from fourth to number one position.
out of 1509 seats it won 406 seats.
it was way ahead of congress with 309, ncp 360 and sena 271 seats.
the bjp perceived as a party with urban vote base also made deep inroads in panchayat samiti edging out the congress and ncp.
out of 2989 seats spread across 283 panchayat samitis, bjp won 831 seats.
the congress won 591, ncp 674 and shiv sena 581 seats.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said the objective of the smart city project is to enhance the quality of life of citizens.
the objective of the smart city (project) is to enhance quality of life of the citizens, fadnavis said here at the valedictory function of smart and sustainable city summit.
the chief minister said it was a misconception that the project is for a few and affluent people.
but the fact is that the basic motive of smart city (project) is accessibility and affordability.
every programme of the project is (aimed) towards efficiency and transparency.
these factors will benefit the poorest of the society, he explained.
meanwhile, fadnavis emphasised on strengthening the public transport system for sustainable development.
we are planning integrated transport system in mumbai and creating 200 km of metro network in the megapolis.
metro is a sustainable mode of public transport and public transport must have end to end solutions.
we want to integrate the four mode of transport in mumbai that is the metro, mono (rail), suburban railway and buses, with one ticket for all, he added.
as their school building is under renovation, students of a navi mumbai municipal school attend classes at a nearby hall.
(source: express photo by narendra vaskar)professional rivalrythe rapprochement between the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and the shiv sena has thrown up a never-before scenario in maharashtra politics  an elected legislator and the contestant she defeated have both got berths in chief minister devendrafadnavis team.
bjps vidya thakur, who created an upset of sorts by unseating shiv senas subhash desai from the goregaon assembly constituency, was rewarded with a minister-of-state (mos) berth when the fadnavis government took over on october 31.
desai was sworn in as a cabinet minister on friday.
this is the first time in the states history that the state council of ministers would have two faces representing the same assembly constituency.
whats more, thakur will have to play second fiddle to desai, a cabinet minister.
no wonder they say nothing is impossible in politics.
a weighty apologythe colaba police station received a rather special apology last week.
officers had to themselves visit a swanky nightclub at apollo bunder and force its shutters down after they found it violating the 1.
30am deadline.
the proprietors allegedly got away earlier with some help from the police station, but seniors were now stepping in to crack the whip.
one inspector was even temporarily transferred for allegedly failing to ensure that the pub shuts on time.
last week, a senior officer found the pub still flouting the deadline, and eventually forced the nightclub to down shutters for the next three days.
expecting no further trouble, the officer was therefore surprised to receive a call from a former politician known for his ties with bollywood.
not only did the politician apologise on behalf of the clubs proprietors, he also went on to assure the officer that henceforth, the club would adhere to the deadline.
a respectful giveawaysenior plainclothes central industrial security force (cisf) personnel are not worried about suspicious passengers, staff or potential tricksters at the airport, but their own juniors.
unlike other locations where not getting a salute from a junior could be insulting, senior cisf personnel in plainclothes or uniform surveying the airport are constantly trying to teach their juniors to stop saluting.
the juniors, some in plainclothes themselves or others in uniform, inadvertently and out of habit seem to offer a salute to their seniors, giving themselves away and attracting curious looks from passengers.
now, junior cisf personnel have been instructed to just stiffen their arms in attention, if they must, instead, so the seniors or themselves are not easily identified.
sab chalta haithe anti corruption bureau has recently gone into overdrive with its mission to curb corruption.
posters appealing to people to avoid paying bribes, urging them to report bribe seekers immediately and warning government servants of the consequences of demanding or accepting bribes can be seen everywhere.
one such poster by the acb, thane, depicts a bribe seeker going straight to jail.
only, the poster was promptly defaced.
someone, suspected to be a troubled citizen, scrawled a line across the poster, reading, yahaan sab kuch chalta hai (everything is allowed here).
security checkrajesh aggarwal, principal secretary of the information technology department, never goes easy on banks that compromise the security of their customers while adjudicating cases filed under the information technology act.
and the most frequent complaint is of customers losing their money after their debit card pin numbers are compromised.
however, aggarwal had a similar care of his own recently.
having returned from a recent week-long holiday, the bureaucrat was shocked to find a letter from his bank containing his debit card lying on the floor outside his front door.
if he thought that was a close call, weeks later, having returned home from a two-day absence, he found another letter from the bank  this time containing his debit card pin number.
the only reason the letters did not fall into the wrong hands is because aggarwal has former maharashtra director general of police, ajit parasnis, for a neighbour.
under the watch of parasnis guards, both letters stayed where they were.
a scale for graftthat the building proposals department is the bmcs most sought-after posting for the whopping under-the-table remuneration it provides is no secret.
nor is the fact that the slum rehabilitation authority is branded as among the most corruption-ridden state government agencies.
however, following a recent meeting of the authority held by the cm, the first in ten years, real estate sources testify that it is the sra that takes the cake on the graft index.
top most officials of the building proposals departments charge a maximum of rs 150 for per sq ft of approvals granted.
however, when it comes to senior sra officials, developers attest to the fact that they have to cough up nothing less than rs 250 per square ft of construction area sanctioned, rates that are almost equal to the market rentals of some of the plushest nariman point office complexes.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
ambedkar-led delegation met fadnavis at the vidhan bhawan along with a series of issues, including action against hindutva leader sambhaji bhide for his alleged role in violence in punes koregaon-bhima violence on january 1.
the meeting was held shortly after ambedkar led a dalit morcha to demand arrest of bhide at azad maidan in mumbai.
responding to ambedkars demands, fadnavis said they would look into all the charges within eight days.
a senior leader, who was present during the meeting said, fadnavis told ambedkar that the police are probing into the incident.
all the aspects are being thoroughly investigated.
he said, if there is even an iota of proof to suggest the role of any individual, the government will not hesitate to take stern action.
irrespective of the political parties or ideologies or mighty connections, if there is even a single streak of evidence to substantiate the allegations, which are being raised, government will act, he said.
ambedkar said, i have submitted a clipping, which was posted on the facebook account of an activist belonging to bhides organisation.
in that post, they had even targeted chief minister devendra fadnavis.
i brought this serious aspect to the cms notice and urged him to immediately crack the whip against the individual and get to the master mind of such post.
he added, we believe government is reluctant to act against bhide, because he enjoys patronage from top leaders of the bjp and rss.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday asserted that there cannot be any compromise on discipline and insubordination in the police force in maharashtra.
he, however, chose to play down the differences within the police force, saying,  a lot of hue and cry is being raised without substantiating facts this demoralises the police.
referring to the reports about two officers not attending the meeting convened by him as the home minister followed by explanation sought by additional chief secretary (home) he said,  it was an outcome of lack of coordination and a communication gap.
he added, the home ministry has convened a meeting.
but later it was felt since it related to infrastructure it was not necessary to call all officers which director general of police conveyed to his officers.
fadnavis said, however, the decision was communicated to the officials just an hour before the meeting.
the additional cs (home) was not informed.
so, he sought an explanation from two officials for not attending the meeting.
ncp chief sharad pawar said on friday that veterans of various disciplines should not take a break but instead shape the next generation in their field of work.
pawar was speaking after inaugurating the 31st pune festival.
advertisinghe said, we should not stop working.
we should continue to contribute in our field by shaping the next generation.
speaking about the origin of pune festival, pawar said former city mp suresh kalmadi had approached him to start the festival 30 years ago.
i had warned him that the festival should be good as it was in pune, whose residents are very reactive.
kalmadi and his team have organised the festival successfully for the past 30 years and it is now known the world over, he said.
meanwhile, former state minister harshvardhan patil, who sources say is likely to quit the congress, did not attend the event despite being invited as a guest.
patil had recently alleged that the ncp had cheated him by taking the indapur assembly seat, which he wants to contest, in the seat sharing arrangement with the congress.
advertisingin another development, ncp leader chhagan bhujbal arrived at the event with pawar, ending speculation that he was planning to quit the ncp and join shiv sena.
at the festival, veteran industrialist rahul bajaj and actor prem chopra received the lifetime achievement award.
state tourism minister jaykumar rawal said the pune festival has been successful as it provides a unique platform to promote and encourage cultural, sports and social events.
meanwhile, chief minister devendrafadnavis visited several ganesh mandals in the city.
the state government does not have any plans to allow private functions at the forts of maratha king shivaji.
other forts with no historical importance were being considered for tourism activities, he said.
he said the forts of chhatrapati shivaji maharaj were all in the heritage list which exempts them from being used for private commercial gain.
silent rallies are being taken out by the maratha community in maharashtra.
(file photo) silent rallies are being taken out by the maratha community in maharashtra.
(file photo)even as silent rallies are being taken out by the maratha community in maharashtra, the debate over reservation in jobs and education for the community also gained ground on wednesday, with the government planning steps in that direction.
chief minister devendrafadnavis convened a meeting of senior politicians from various parties, legal luminaries, and bureaucrats at his officialsouth mumbai residence to consider steps to defend the reservation in court.
watch what else is making newsthe bombay high court is scheduled to hear the issue on october 13.
following the meeting, maharashtra cultural affairs minister vinod tawde said that the government had already collected 70 documentary proofs to back the demand for reservations for the community.
he said the chief minister would also be seeking help from the centre to obtain some more statistical data from the socio-economic census report to bolster its case in court.
tawde also announced that a battery of senior lawyers, including harish salve, ravi kadam, and va thorat will represent the state government in court.
besides tawde, revenue minister chandrakant patil, public works department minister eknath shinde, leader of opposition in the legislative assembly radhakrishna vikhe-patil and nationalist congress party mla ajit pawar were present for the meeting.
b'mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis felicitates olympic silver medallist shuttler p v sindhu and her coach gopichand in mumbai.
pti photo mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis felicitates olympic silver medallist shuttler p v sindhu and her coach gopichand in mumbai.
pti photorio olympics silver medallist, p v sindhu and her mentor and chief national coach pulela gopichand were felicitated by maharashtra badminton association here today.
the felicitation ceremony was attended by chief minister of maharashtra shri devendrafadnavis and sports minister of maharashtra vinod tawde.
sindhu has won two bronze medals at world championships in the past.
she became the first indian shuttler in indian history to win silver at the olympics.
against all odds, sindhu made it to the finals of the womens singles final, before bowing out to the spaniard carolina marin.
president of the maharashtra association, arun lakhani said, we have extremely talented players, we have great badminton minds/ coaches, what we need is strong support on infrastructure which fortunately is also there.
we need to connect these dots and come together for the sport, and i can assure you that within 2 years we can see a fresh new beginning for the players blossoming out of these facilities.
lakhani further said, i have recently taken up the responsibility to lead mba and am trying to focus on infrastructure development and use of technology and increasing communication/interaction with all stakeholders.
we recently launched player friendly software for tournament & calendar planning.
we already have over 4000 players registered and we expect it to go to 10,000 by year end.
lakhani took over the reins of the maharashtra badminton association in october 2015.
the maharashtra government on tuesday reached out to women with two new schemes aimed at their empowerment  prajwala yojana and navtejaswinin yojana.
advertisingthe prajwala yojana aims at creating awareness regarding legal matters, social and financial knowledge among the members of women self help groups.
the scheme will be implemented by the maharashtra women commission.
the navtejaswinin yojana is mooted to improve the standard of life of women and their entrepreneurship skills.
under the scheme, 365 organisations have been created to help empower rural women.
the navtejaswini gramin livelihood development programme is an ambitious project of rs 528 crore.
the objective is to uplift one lakh families from poverty.
when you reach out to a woman, it automatically brings social and economic growth and development in the entire family.
it impacts both rural and urban life.
the state government announced another scheme for women security.
the scheme will provide permanent and long-term safety to women against crime and atrocities.
to enforce the scheme for the next three years, the government has provided rs 252 crore.
the welfare schemes for widows, divyang (differently abled) and weaker sections found a special mention in the budget.
under the niradhar anudan yojana and nivruttivetan yojana welfare of differently abled, widows, divorced and abandoned women have been covered.
the pension paid to differently abled under the shravanbal seva state pension scheme and sanjay gandhi niradhar anudan yojana has been increased.
the financial assistance to elderly, homeless and differently abled women and widows will be increased from rs 600 to rs 1,000.
a financial assistance of rs 1,100 will be given to the widows with one child and rs 1,200 to those with two children.
the enforcement of the scheme will cost the state an additional financial burden of rs 1,500 crore.
finance minister sudhir mungantiwar announced to raise the grant given for nutritional diet to students in aided institutions under the social justice, vjnt, women and child development and tribal departments from rs 900 to rs 1,500.
he also said the grants given to hiv-affected students will be increased from rs 990 to rs 1,650.
often financial distress in life of widows, abandoned and divorced women becomes unbearable.
it is the responsibility of the society to give support to these women and make them self sufficient and independent.
with this view, the government has planned to prepare a self employment scheme and make available an outlay of rs 200 crore, said mungantiwar.
the financial provision of rs 12,303 crore has been earmarked for 2019-20 for social justice and special assistance department.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari and others flag off during the inaugurate the indias first ola multi modal electric vehicle project in nagpur on friday.
(pti photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari and others flag off during the inaugurate the indias first ola multi modal electric vehicle project in nagpur on friday.
(pti photo)nagpur today earned the distinction of becoming the countrys first city with electric fleet of 200 electric vehicles, including taxis, buses, e-rickshaw and autos.
promoting electric vehicles is our priority.
we want electric buses, autorickshaws and other vehicles to ply in the country.
we are engaged in initial talks with softbank for loans at low interest rate for a green project.
we want to introduce 2 lakh electric buses for public transport, road transport and highways minister nitin gadkari said on friday.
he was addressing the media here before the launch of a pilot project for 200 electric vehicles, including 100 of mahindras new e20 plus.
the union minister, along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , inaugurated indias first multi-modal electric vehicle project at the nagpur airport complex here.
with this, maharashtra has become the first state to provide various incentives to e-taxis.
electric mass mobility ecosystem in nagpur will bring about a transformational change in the automotive and transportation landscape in the country, gadkari said after the launch.
speaking at the event, fadnavis said, to promote electric fleet, we have waived vat, road tax, and registration for all electric vehicles in the state, and we look forward to building maharashtra as a model state for others to emulate in future.
the pilot project here will commence with a 200-strong fleet, including 100 of mahindras new e2o plus vehicles.
the rest will consist of vehicles sourced from other oems, including tata motors, kinetic, byd and tvs, among others.
taxi aggregator ola has already invested upwards of rs 50 crore towards evs and charging infrastructure, starting with 50 plus charging points across four strategic locations in nagpur.
gadkari said the target is to reduce the ticket fare of public transport by 50 per cent in the country and charging these vehicles will not be an issue as charging stations are being set up.
the size of the automobile industry, which is at rs 4.
5 lakh crore, is estimated to grow to rs 25 lakh crore and stress should be laid on promoting environment-friendly vehicles that causes minimum pollution, he suggested.
the state government will gradually ramp up the operations of electric taxis in all major cities of maharashtra.
pawan goenka, md, mahindra and mahindra, said the company will lead this charge in india with the government.
bhavish aggarwal, co-founder and ceo, ola, stressed that electric mobility in a multi-modal format will be the key towards realising the companys mission of building mobility for a billion indians.
with an eye on promoting eco-friendly transport, the government will be ready with its electric vehicle policy by december.
accelerated adoption of electric and shared vehicles could save usd 60 billion in diesel and petrol cost while cutting down as much as 1 gigatonne (gt) of carbon emission for india by 2030, government think-tank niti aayog said in a joint report with rock mountain institute earlier this month.
a group of ministers, constituted to prepare the draft plan for the electric vehicle policy, has submitted recommendations to the cabinet secretary and is now preparing the draft plan.
a number of indian companies have also shown interest in investing in electric vehicles and the related infrastructure.
the policy will include both light and heavy weight electric vehicles like cars and buses.
dispelling concerns on lack of infrastructure for charging such vehicles, the minister said a charging station is being set up.
gadkari also said he will soon be meeting finance minister arun jaitley to request for a lower tax slab for vehicles run on ethanol, bio diesel and bio cng.
i will also request him to reduce tax rate on hybrid vehicles in order to tackle air pollution in the long run, he said.
the niti aayog report estimates that india can conservatively save up to 64 per cent of anticipated passenger mobility-related energy demand and 37 per cent of carbon emissions by 2030.
at current oil prices, this will imply a net fuel cost saving of approximately rs 3.
9 lakh crore by 2030, the report said.
according to gadkari, there are big plans to develop low-cost lithium-ion batteries in india and efforts are on to remodel the battery made by indian space research organisation to make it fit for use in electric vehicles.
maruti suzuki has evinced interest in developing lithium ion batteries, he added.
the government is aggressively trying to push sales and production of electric vehicles in the country through schemes such as fame india, which have caught the fancy of chinese automobile manufacturers such as byd and saic that are already investing heavily in electric technology.
a 12 per cent levy on pure electric vehicles (evs) has been proposed under the goods and services tax regime, a move that reflects the governments intention to push its adoption.
it is our policy to encourage electric cars and buses.
shortly, i will be coming out with a policy regarding this.
hybrid cars should also be encouraged, it saves fuel, he explained.
electric and hybrid vehicles along with alternative fuel like ethanol are gaining traction as part of efforts to reduce indias crude oil import bill.
we import crude worth rs 7 lakh crore.
electric, ethanol, bio diesel, bio cng are import substitutes and cost effective, pollution free and indigenous too, gadkari added.
with an aim to promote eco-friendly vehicles, the government had launched the fame india scheme in 2015 offering incentives on electric and hybrid vehicles of up to rs 29,000 for bikes and rs 1.
38 lakh for cars.
it was the biggest musical concert of its time when the michael jackson, the king of pop, performed live in mumbai on october 30, 1996.
but 20 years later, a government exemption granted for that concert has come to haunt an upcoming show featuring british rock band coldplay.
international global social forum, global citizen, has approached the bjp government in maharashtra for exemption of entertainment duty for the november 19 festival, which will be headlined by coldplay.
but senior government officials confirmed that this proposal has run into a legal hitch.
in 2011, a division bench of the bombay high court, while hearing a public interest litigation against a similar waiver given to the michael jackson concert, had come down hard on the then shiv sena-bjp government, which was in power in 1996, for exempting the tax.
it had rapped the government for non-application of mind.
sources confirmed to the indian express that the maharashtra revenue department has now pointed to the same court rap while ruling that the tax exemption could not be granted at the department level.
in 1996, the government had branded the pop concert event as a classical show for justifying the waiver, which the courts later had sternly objected to.
sources said that the entertainment duty act contains provisions that grant the state the power for tax exemption for promotion of classical music.
adopting a cautious line this time, the department has spelt out that the concert cannot fit in this category.
the global festival works on a model where most tickets are earned through social actions.
the organisers for the mumbai gig have informed the government had 80 per cent of the tickets will be allotted in this manner, while the rest 20 per cent would be sold.
the maharashtra government collects 45 per cent tax on ticket sales for events held in mumbai.
while a section in the act empowers the government to exempt duty for entertainments where the profits are devoted to philanthropic or charitable purposes, senior officials state that this provision makes it clear that there should be no charge on the takings for any expenses of entertainment.
the same section also has provisions for exempting events that are of educational character or in cases where the entertainment is provided partly for education or partly for scientific purposes by a not-for-profit society.
but senior officials confirmed that the organisers application does not provide sufficient details to provide exemption under this category.
the november 19 concert is indias first global citizen festival.
in 2014, prime minister narendra modi had attracted headlines by attending the festival in new yorks central park, and had applauded the social action platform for contributing towards eradication of poverty, improving literacy, and uplifting sanitation and hygiene.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has already offered support for the festival in mumbai.
he was present for the launching event last month.
sources said that the bjp would also look to leverage the concert to reach out to the youth ahead of the mumbai civic polls scheduled early next year.
the government may take the tax exemption proposal before the state cabinet, sources said.
section 6 (3) of the entertainment duty act permits the state government to exempt any entertainment or class of entertainments from entertainment duty by adopting a general or a special order.
while the revenue department has said that such an exemption cannot be granted at the department level, it has indicated that the cabinet can approve such a proposal.
b'the state government has initiated steps to curb crimes across maharashtra committed by juveniles.
the government is taking even a marginal increase in juvenile crime as a cause for concern and is committed to tackle it effectively through social and educational reforms.
fadnavis said, data analysis shows that 73 per cent of the total juvenile offenders are in the age group of 16 to 18 years.
there are committees set up across 36 districts.
child welfare officers have been appointed at police stations to deal with juvenile crime, he said.
statistics show the percentage of juvenile crime (2006) was 2.
2 per cent.
it increased to 2.
38 per cent in 2017, he said.
while stating that percentage of juvenile crime was much less compared to other crimes, the chief minister said, even a marginal increase is a cause of serious concern.
and it is our governments endeavour to make it negligible.
various aspects, including social, economic and educational have been considered to tackle the problem.
in the state, there are 69 observation and protection homes.
out of these, 18 are operated by the government and 51 are private, said the cm.
the state plans to monitor students when they come out of the protection homes to ensure they are guided in the right direction and get employment.
following a supreme court directive, state and regional committees have been set up for monitoring and rehabilitation of juvenile delinquents, he said.
b'chief minster devendrafadnavis visited tribal villages in dhule and nandurbar districts wednesday to review the jalyukta shivar projects, public healthcare and social sectors.
express chief minster devendrafadnavis visited tribal villages in dhule and nandurbar districts wednesday to review the jalyukta shivar projects, public healthcare and social sectors.
expresswhile sanctioning farm ponds for everyone who applied for one in tribal belts of dhule and nandurbar districts of maharashtra, the government on wednesday set 2018 as the deadline for total electrification of villages.
he said, since there is growing demand for farm ponds, we have modified the target.
now, every applicant who comes forward and meets the parameters would be provided a farm pond.
the farm pond is a government subsidised scheme for small and marginal farmers.
the government provides rs 50,000 for each farm pond.
the criteria to be met is that farmers should be able to provide a small part of their land in their own fields to facilitate the farm pond project.
the tribal belt has also generated keen interest in solar energy-driven agriculture pumps for farming.
as a result, government has allowed enhanced targets in this sector and also for these two districts.
the tribal district tour saw the chief minister discussing cottage industries to promote local farm produce.
at village akkalkuwa, where villagers prepare raw mango chips which are dried and sold, branding of a product to open new market avenues and give higher returns for farmers, came up for discussion.
the state government has already announced that it was committed to higher capital investments in food processing and has been seeking farmers participation.
fadnavis said, our main focus is on food processing and branding so that farmers and the team involved in making the final product get the best prices.
a nutritional rehabilitation centre (nrc) in molgi and a rural hospital in nandurbar were inaugurated by the cm.
the region is known for its high infant mortality.
the nrc, working with unicef india, is expected to reduce the infant mortality rate.
effective implementation of the apj abdul kalam amrut aahar yojna to tackle malnutrition came up for discussion.
at salve village in dhule, sitabai waghji, a beneficiary of the pm awas yojana, said her dream had come true.
at shindkheda taluka, the cm visited an agriculture graduate shri patils farm.
the farmer cultivates pomegranates on one acre of land and earns rs 6.
5 lakh a year.
in molgi village, amrut padavi, a villager played host to the chief minister.
the cm reviewed the toilet-in-every- household project under swachh bharat.
at bhagdari village in nandurbar, he visited dhanshing padavis farm to see the jalyukta shivar works and mango plantation spread over one hectare of land.
the village is set for a storage dam worth rs 8.
82 crore with capacity 18.
89 tmc.
the 3.
54-km road project under mukhyamantri gramsadak yojna and desilting work at susri dam with the support of jnpt and art of living in bhagdari village were other projects which the cm reviewed.
b'the supreme court of india rejected any independent probe in the death of judge bh loya (express photo by tashi tobgyal) the supreme court of india rejected any independent probe in the death of judge bh loya (express photo by tashi tobgyal)ruling out foul play in the death of cbi special judge brijmohan harikishan loya, the supreme court thursday concluded that he had died of natural causes and dismissed petitions seeking inquiry into the circumstances of the death.
the court, which went into medical and other evidence brought on record, criticised the petitioners, saying the pleas were a veiled attempt to launch a frontal attack on the independence of the judiciary and to dilute the credibility of judicial institutions.
the judgment held that their conduct prima facie amounted to criminal contempt but spared them of any contempt action.
the documentary material on the record indicates that the death of judge loya was due to natural causes.
there is no ground for the court to hold that there was a reasonable suspicion about the cause or circumstances of death which would merit a further inquiry, said justice d y chandrachud who wrote the judgment for the three-judge bench headed by chief justice of india dipak misra and comprising justice a m khanwilkar.
read | judge loya case: petitions for death probe veiled attempt to attack judiciary, says scthe bench found it a case of misuse of public interest litigation and expressed its anguish at the manner in which the proceedings were conducted.
it said the conduct of the petitioners and intervenors scandalises the process of the courtit said advocate prashant bhushan had argued that justices khanwilkar and chandrachud being from maharashtra may have known the four judicial officers connected with the matter and rued that even the judges of this bench hearing the present proceedings, have not been spared from this vituperative assault on the judiciary.
special cbi judge brijmohan harikishan loya special cbi judge brijmohan harikishan loyathe judgment dwelt on the statements given by four judicial officers, judges shrikant kulkarni, s m modak, v c barde and r r rathi regarding the circumstances surrounding the death during a discreet inquiry conducted by the maharashtra state intelligence department (sid) and said these were clear and consistent and there was no reason to doubt them.
loya, 48, records show, died of a heart attack in nagpur on december 1, 2014, a day after he attended the wedding and reception of the daughter of fellow judge swapna joshi, who is now a judge in the bombay high court.
read | doctor who declared sohrabuddin dead deposes in special cbi courthis death became a controversy following a report in the caravan magazine which quoted loyas sister and father suggesting foul play and a cover-up.
a subsequent investigation by the indian express found that many of the claims made by the caravan report were not supported by evidence on the ground, including official records.
the court said the statements of the four judges have a ring of truth.
the judges, it ruled had nothing to conceal nor an axe to grindreading them it is clear that they have been submitted without pre-meditation.
the four judicial officers acted responsibly.
there was no reason for them either to hasten or to cause a delay in submitting their versions of what they knew.
each of the four judges has acted with a sense of duty.
this is how they would be expected to conduct themselves, in answering to a call of duty.
read | congress: if bjp believes judge loyas death was natural, why fear probe?
the top court was also critical of petitioners counsel dushyant dave referring to proceedings related to a 1991 case in which five persons including maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had got relief from a high court bench of justices b r gavai and v m deshpande.
senior advocate prashant bhushan had alleged foul play in the death of judge loya (express photo by tashi tobgyal) senior advocate prashant bhushan had alleged foul play in the death of judge loya (express photo by tashi tobgyal)speaking to the indian express, gavai had said that he had gone to meditrina hospital where loya was shifted after he got a call from the bombay high court registrar.
taking umbrage, the court said: the attempt of the petitioners is to create prejudice and to malign the dignity of the judges, particularly of justice b r gavaithis is another instance in the course of the hearing of the present case where a matter extraneous to the subject of the inquiry before the court has been sought to be relied upon to somehow sensationalise the case.
what is worse is the manner in which wholly unfounded aspersions have been cast on the judges of the bombay high court following a decision which has been taken in the judicial capacity.
this constitutes a serious attempt to scandalise the court and obstruct the course of justice.
read | rahul gandhi used judiciary for character assassination of amit shah, says bjpit termed daves charge that one individual is controlling the entire judiciary in maharashtra and elsewhere an insinuation.
the senior advocate had alleged that the facts were fudged to protect bjp president amit shah who was one of the accused in the sohrabuddin sheikh encounter case.
loya was presiding over the case when he died.
shah was later discharged.
the petitions questioned why someone who suffered a heart pain was first taken to small hospital like dande in nagpur where he had gone on a wedding and not to a specialised cardiac care facility.
tehseen poonawalla, an activist, outside the supreme court on thursday.
he is one of the petitioners who moved the top court seeking an independent probe into the death of judge b h loya.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal) tehseen poonawalla, an activist, outside the supreme court on thursday.
he is one of the petitioners who moved the top court seeking an independent probe into the death of judge b h loya.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal)answering this, the court said the line of argument is without merit and that his colleagues decision to take him to dande was in good faith and cannot be questioned.
the bench stated that to attribute motives to his colleagues who were with him and took immediate steps to shift him to a hospital nearby is absurd, if not motivated.
in hindsight, it is easy to criticise actions which are taken by human beings when faced with an emergency.
it is easy for an observer sitting in an arm-chair at a distant point in time to assert that wisdom lay in an alternate course of action.
that can never be the test for judging human behaviour.
also read | judge loya death: case was meant to damage interests of bjp, amit shah, says ravi shankar prasadthe judgment junked claims that no ecg was done on loya at the dande hospital.
citing medical records of dande and the meditrina hospital where he was shifted from dande and the death summary, the court said we find no reasonable basis to infer that no ecg was done at the dande hospital.
the caravan report had said that loya was taken to dande in an autorickshaw.
but the court found that both judge kulkarni had stated that loya was taken in judge bardes car to the hospital.
this was also reaffirmed by the statements of judges modak, barde and rathi, it said.
the allegation that judge loya was not provided even a car to travel from ravi bhavan to dande hospital and onwards to meditrina is a red-herring, the judgment said.
the court also junked claims that none of the four judges had met the family of loya in mumbai soon after his death saying modak had said that he and judge kulkarni had met the family at their haji ali residence.
on the argument that he could not have been wearing a trouser and shirt when he suffered a heart attack, the judgment said to urge that the depiction of the clothes worn by judge loya casts doubt on the sequence of events narrated by the judicial officers isuntenable.
judge kulkarni and judge modak, the court found were with judge loya from the time that the three officers left mumbai for the wedding at nagpur and until judge loya died on 1 december 2014.
they have provided a trustworthy account of their schedule since they left mumbai.
all of them travelled together, stayed together, visited local judges at nagpur, attended the wedding and remained in the company of each other and their friends in the judicial fraternity, it said.
advocate indira jaising had said that the date of death was mentioned in the post-mortem as december 7.
but the court found that the date is clearly mentioned as 1 december 2014.
on the claims by caravan that loyas body was sent to his home town gategaon unaccompanied, the court said the allegationis contrary to what has emerged on the record.
judges kulkarni, modak and barde had disclosed that two other local judges had accompanied the body in a car, it said.
the petitioners disputed that judge loya stayed at the ravi bhavan in nagpur.
however, the court pointed out that even the caravan article had said that loya had a conversation with his wife on the night of 30 november 2014 and had informed her that he was staying at ravi bhavan guest house together with the judges who had accompanied him to nagpur.
the bench found that judges kulkarni, modak and loya stayed at ravi bhavan, where a vip suite was booked.
they travelled together by the same train from mumbai to nagpur on 29 november 2014 and arrived in nagpur on the morning of 30 november 2014.
they proceeded to ravi bhavan where a suite was reserved.
during the course of the day, the three judicial officers visited the residences of two judges of the high court at nagpur, justice s b shukre and justice p r bora.
they visited the home of shri barde and were together all along.
they went to the market, returned to ravi bhavan and attended the wedding reception in the evening.
after dinner the three judges returned to ravi bhavan a little before midnight, the judgment said.
the bombay lawyers association and another petitioner had moved the bombay high court seeking a probe in the death of loya.
simultaneously, pils were also filed in the supreme court.
the apex court transferred the bombay petitions to itself and heard them together.
the court rejected allegations by loyas sister that the then chief justice of the bombay high court justice mohit shah had tried to influence the outcome of the sohrabuddin case saying the allegations were hearsay.
niranjan davkhare was quitting the sharad pawar-led party as he was fed up of politics within its local unit, the leader from thane said.
(twitter/bjp4maharashtra) niranjan davkhare was quitting the sharad pawar-led party as he was fed up of politics within its local unit, the leader from thane said.
(twitter/bjp4maharashtra)ncp leader niranjan davkhare on wednesday submitted his resignation as a member of the maharashtra legislative council and quit the party.
davkhare said he was going to join the bjp as he was fed up of politics within the local unit of the ncp.
the ncp, however, claimed that davkhare had been expelled from the party for six years on the directive of state unit chief jayant patil.
davkhare would be joining the bjp in chief minister devendrafadnavis presence at the party office in mumbai on thursday.
the development comes days after the bjp inducted former congress minister rajendra gavit into its fold and fielded him for the may 28 lok sabha by-election in palghar.
niranjan davkhares father, late vasant davkhare, was a veteran ncp leader from thane-palghar region, and had served as deputy chairman of the council for nearly 18 years.
davkhare, who represented the konkan graduates constituency, met council chairman ramraje naik nimbalkar in the morning and submitted his resignation.
i took this decision because i was fed up of internal politics of local ncp leaders.
i have witnessed the formation and growth of ncp since its inception.
i am saddened while taking the decision to quit.
but i was forced to do so because of the internal politics directed against me at the local level, he said.
asked whether the bjp had assured him a ticket for the legislative council, davkhare, whose council term was to end on july 7, said it was yet to be decided.
the ncp, meanwhile, termed davkhare as opportunist.
he has been threatening to quit for quite some time.
he became a leader in the ncp because of his father.
lets see how he charts his own course in the bjp, party spokesperson nawab malik said.
though none of the mlas from pune city and pimpri-chinchwad is likely to be inducted in chief minister devendrafadnavis cabinet, an mla from pune district has apparently received a call to remain present during the oath-taking ceremony on sunday.
two-time maval mla sanjay bhegade sounded confident he would get a cabinet berth.
advertisingthe cabinet expansion will take place tomorrow (sunday), the chief minister told the media in new delhi on saturday.
the cm cleared the air on the much-anticipated cabinet expansion amidst rumours that the bjps alliance partner shiv sena was miffed over the delay in the process.
the sena, which is expecting its mlas to be included in the cabinet, was apparently told that the expansion would take place on friday.
i got a call from the chief ministers office i have been asked to meet the cm at 9 pm at his office today (saturday), bhegade (43) told the sunday express as he left for mumbai from his home in talegaon.
i am delighted, he said.
bhegade is bjps pune district chief.
he played an important role in the victory of sena candidate shrirang barne from maval in the 2019 lok sabha election.
advertisingseveral mlas in pune city and pimpri-chinchwad have pinned their hopes on getting a call for what is believed to be the last cabinet expansion before the state goes for elections in october-november.
pune city was represented by girish bapat, who held the portfolios of food and civil supplies, consumer protection and parliamentary affairs.
bapat resigned from the state cabinet after he was elected to the lok sabha.
mlas in pune city were eyeing the vacant slot.
similarly, mlas from pimpri-chinchwad contended it was their turn to get a cabinet post, as they said the industrial city had been ignored for the last five years.
bhosari mla mahesh landge claimed that fadnavis promised him a ministerial berth when he visited chakan earlier this month.
we are waiting for a call from the cms office, said kartik landge, his brother.
bjp pimpri-chinchwad general secretary sarang kamtekar said it was possible that other mlas might also have received calls from the cms office.
but none of them will reveal it till the oath ceremony actually takes place.
we will have to wait till tomorrow to see who makes it to the ministry, he said.
bjp pune city chief yogesh gogawale said though bapat has resigned as a minister, it is not necessary his vacant post will be filled by someone from pune.
the formula doesnt work like that, he said.
gogawale said till late saturday evening, none of the pune city mlas, to his knowledge, had received a call.
after bapat resigned, chandrakant patil was made the district guardian minister.
bjp sources said if bhegade makes it to the ministry, he might get the portfolio.
meanwhile, the chief minister met sena chief uddhav thackeray late on friday night.
i met sena chief uddhav thackeray and discussed cabinet expansion at length, fadnavis tweeted after his meeting.
sena sources said the cm offered deputy chief ministers post to the party, which they have refused to accept.
however, there was no official confirmation about it.
b'shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
(file photo) shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
(file photo)days after demanding a full-time home minister for maharashtra, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray once again put ally bjp in a spot on sunday.
thackeray has now lined up a meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis over the concerns harboured by police families on september 7.
earlier, the chief minister had to face the ire of police families residing in worlis bdd chawl after traffic cop vilas shinde, who was beaten up by two youths, succumbed to his injuries on august 31.
earlier this week, maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief raj thackeray had spoken out against the incident quite vehemently and had even tried make a political issue out of it.
now, the shiv sena has done the same.
on saturday also, uddhav thackeray had fired a barb at the chief minister claiming that the state needed a full-time home minister.
at present, fadnavis holds the home portfolio.
a day after the union cabinet gave its go-ahead for the much-delayed pune metro rail project, political parties seemingly wasted no time in rushing forth and claiming credit for the project, even as the bjp and the ncp argued over who will perform the ground-breaking ceremony, scheduled to be held later in the month.
while the bjp, which leads the government at the centre and in the state, wants prime minister narendra modi to perform the ceremony, the ncp, which leads the pune municipal corporation, wants party chief sharad pawar to perform the bhoomi pujan.
the ncp has the support of several other parties including the congress and the mns.
watch what else is making newshowever, the bjp seems to be in no mood to concede any ground on the issue.
let them (opposition parties) say whatever they want to, but the pune metro work will be inaugurated only by prime minister narendra modi on december 24, said pune mp and bjp leader anil shirole.
the inauguration will probably take place in the virtual form, said shirole, adding, the pm apparently will attend a programme in mumbai that day.
the event in pune may happen either before the mumbai one or after that.
nothing is fixed yet.
who is the bjp to decide about who should perform the bhoomi pujan?
leaders of political parties have passed a resolution on wednesday, stating that sharad pawar will perform the bhoomi pujan.
we have also decided to invite chief minister devendrafadnavis , mns chief raj thackeray and former chief minister ashok chavan, said arvind shinde, congress house leader.
he pointed out that it was a pmc project, not a central government one.
the centres funding is just over 10 per cent of the project.
as much as 60 per cent of the project cost will be raised through loans, he said.
shinde warned that there would be a surprise in store for the bjp if the party insisted on going ahead with its plan to invite the prime minister for the ceremony.
we have also learnt a trick or two from them wait and watch, said shinde.
however, district guardian minister and bjp leader girish bapat said the issue would be resolved soon.
it will be sorted out by having a discussion with other party leaders.
we are sure the controversy will soon blow over, said bapat.
meanwhile, the pune unit of the ncp has strongly objected to the bjp claiming credit for getting the final approval from the union cabinet for the project, which was conceptualised a decade ago, in 2006.
immediately after the union cabinet gave its nod, bjp workers and leaders kicked off their celebrations by bursting crackers at the party office on shirole road.
they also thanked the prime minister, the chief minister and senior party leaders for turning the metro project into a reality.
ncps pune unit chief vandana chavan, however, dismissed the bjps claim.
the pune metro project was conceived by the congress-ncp regime.
we did all the groundwork, held discussions and decided on an underground metro project.
but due to the financial unviability of the project, given the huge cost of an underground metro network, it was decided that the project should be an elevated one as the cost would be lower, she said.
chavan claimed that both the bjp and its mp anil shirole had opposed the idea of an elevated pune metro.
soon after becoming mp, he insisted on an underground metro, which further led to a debate about its cost.
finally, after many discussions and seeking views of experts, we decided to go for an elevated one, she said.
the ncp leader also claimed that bjp leaders had delayed the project.
the delay has resulted in huge cost escalation.
the bjp, especially shirole, should take the blame for that.
in fact, during a meeting, senior bjp leader nitin gadkari had rebuked shirole for delaying the project, alleged chavan.
dismissing the ncps allegations, shirole said, after i became an mp, when i approached the ncp to know more about the projects pending in pune, i was told that the metro had received in-principle approval.
shirole claimed that he found out that the congress-ncp regime had sat on the project and did little to push it.
the centre had asked the congress-ncp government to rework the pune metro detailed project report but they did nothing, he alleged.
shirole claimed that soon after coming to power, the bjp government in the state appointed a committee which speeded up things.
meanwhile, the state cabinet also gave its approval for the project today, and officials have been sent to pune to finalise offices where work related to the project will take place.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis gave water management lessons to school children in pune.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis gave water management lessons to school children in pune.
in a bid to spread awareness on water conservation among students at an early age, chief minister devendrafadnavis is taking his flagship water conservation project jalyukta shivar abhiyan, which has moved to the second phase and is spread across 5,500 villages, to primary schools.
on wednesday, fadnavis donned the hat of a teacher and imparted lessons to schoolchildren of waghal village on the outskirts of pune.
he chose his favourite topic  water management  and narrated a jungle story to capture childrens attention.
watch video: whats making newsa senior officer in the cmo said, on entering the classroom of the zilla parishad school, fadnavis asked the children to open a chapter.
he read out the entire story as class one children in school uniform sat on the floor listening attentively.
the state government has decided to provide additional manpower in two shifts, between 7 am and 10 pm, to expedite the process of procuring surplus tur dal (pulses) from farmers in maharashtra.
chief minister devendrafadnavis issued the order at the weekly cabinet meeting on tuesday.
while reviewing the process of procurement, which is underway, he said: almost 40 lakh quintal of tur has been procured.
the remaining, which stays with farmers, will be procured in the coming week.
the state is committed to facilitate a minimum support price of rs 5,050 per quintal.
till april 22, the total tur procured in the state was 40 lakh quintal from 2.
58 lakh farmers for which, the amount incurred was rs 1,839 crores.
the maximum stock of tur that remains to be procured is from amravati division in vidarbha region of maharashtra.
to expedite the process, the number of purchasing centres has been increased.
while the centre had set april 22 as the last date for procurement of tur, the state government took a decision to continue the process till the entire stock remaining with the farmers had been procured.
the maharashtra legislative assembly and council on tuesday passed an unanimous resolution congratulating the indian armed forces for carrying out air strikes on a terror camp in pakistan.
advertisingin a major preemptive action, india struck jaish-e-mohammeds (jem) biggest camp in pakistan on tuesday morning, killing a large number of terrorists and trainers of the pak-based terror group which had claimed responsibility for the pulwama attack.
chief minister devendrafadnavis moved a resolution in the assembly to laud the indian air force for its bravery.
it was passed unanimously.
calling the air strike a befitting reply to the pulwama terror attack, the chief minister said, the entire nation is proud of our armed forces.
they have ensured the martrydom of our (40 crpf) jawans has not gone in vain.
we salute our armed forces courage.
advertisingfadnavis also congratulated the prime minister.
todays action has conveyed a very bold message to world about indias strength and oneness.
the decision also has conveyed the strong political will of our prime minister narendra modi-led government at the centre, he said.
alluding to possible retaliation by pakistan, fadnavis said that mumbai is always on high alert and citizens need not panic.
senior ncp leaders also said that it was important to deliver a strong message in one voice to the enemies.
in the wake of the air strike, we have to beef up security and vigilance across states and sensitive army base as pakistan is raising the bogey of retaliation, jayant patil, who is the ncp group leader in the assembly, said.
ajit pawar also lauded the efforts of the iaf.
congresss naseem khan, meanwhile, said that more action need be taken against pakistan for failing to check recurring terror attacks by the militant organisations, which have camps in pakistan.
the armed forces should demolish all the terror camps.
we have to teach pakistan a lesson.
they have to explain why terror organisations get patronage in their country, khan said.
samajwadi party president abu azmi also said all terror outfits should be completely crushed.
india should make pakistan bow and acknowledge their failures, he said.
the legislative council also unanimously passed a resolution congratulating the armed forces for conducting the air strikes.
the motion was moved by house leader chandrakant patil (bjp), who said not only india, but the whole world was moved by the scale of the terrorist attack in pulwama.
the entire world wanted revenge for the pulwama terror attack, he said.
leader of opposition dhananjay munde (ncp) said, killing of around 300 terrorists and destruction of the launch pads of jaish-e-mohammad, hizbul mujahideen and let is only a trailer, and the whole picture will be released when indian forces decide to do so.
b'pm narendra modi.
(express file photo/partha paul) pm narendra modi.
(express file photo/partha paul)salom ozbekiston!
, tweeted prime minister narendra modi as he landed in tashkent in july 2015, beginning his very productive journey through all five central asian states.
on hand to receive him was uzbek prime minister shavkat miromonivich mirziyoyev, a measure of neighbouring uzbekistans interest in indias growth.
with flights between delhi and tashkent barely three hours long, uzbekistans removed geographical location is surely a state of the linear mind.
certainly, modi understood the strategic importance of uzbekistan as well as president karimovs own link with india.
with access to the files he loves to read, the pm knew that karimov was visiting delhi when the soviet union was breaking up in august 1991, and the indian government sent him to agra to put him out of potential harms way.
the pice de rsistance of modis visit was a specially commissioned folio he gifted to karimov, a reproduction of the elegant khamsa-e-khusrau, written in persian by none other than the inimitable amir khusrau and illuminated with colours, including gold and ultramarine.
the pm, never one to miss a connection with the home audience, this time with uttar pradesh, from where he is elected, said, amir khusrau, himself born in up, has a link with uzbekistan  it is the land from where his father hailed.
he also promised cooperation in it, energy and agriculture.
so what happened?
on september 2, when karimov finally passed away after having ruled uzbekistan with an iron hand for the last 25 years, there was no one to mourn his passing in many-splendoured delhi.
the ministry of external affairs (mea) newest find, junior minister m.j. akbar, was photographed signing the condolence book in the uzbek embassy in delhi.
but no one  not the pm, not nsa ajit doval, not foreign secretary s. jaishankar, not the joint secretary in charge of the region  no one thought of finding an iaf plane, putting someone respectable like vice-president hamid ansari on it and flying him to samarkand to condole with a nation with an umbilical, historical link to india.
mystified?
if the mea was a harry potter book, it would surely be called the ministry of events & affairs.
its nobodys fault, of course.
kashmir had been burning for more than 50 days when karimov died  it still is  and the government was preparing to send the all-party delegation to srinagar two days later.
ncp boss sharad pawar had attacked maharashtras anti-terrorism squad for terrorising muslim youths on mere suspicion and detaining them illegally, upon which maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis attacked him.
on september 2, modi welcomed egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi, promising to build on multiple pillars of our cooperation and deepen the economic and people-to-people ties between our nations.
the tweet sounded ominously like the one @narendramodis handlers had used after his happy handshake with karimov last year.
soon enough, the pm had jumped into an air india plane for vietnam  where he condoled the passing of karimov in a single tweet  whose rising importance is linked to its location on chinas periphery.
the whirlwind followed.
in hangzhou, china, for the g-20 meeting, modi met xi jinping, malcolm turnbull of australia, mohammed bin salman of saudi arabia, theresa may of the uk, francois hollande of france, erdogan of turkey, mauricio macri of argentina, and barack obama.
then off to vientiane, laos for the asean & east asia summit meetings, where he met shinzo abe of japan, thongloun sisoulith of lao, aung san suu kyi of myanmar, dmitri medvedev of russia, li keqiang of china and obama again.
time for indias all-important neighbourhood?
the fact is, uzbekistan is the only central asian state which touches each of the other four central asian states as well as afghanistan  whose president ashraf ghani arrived in delhi on wednesday.
on afghanistans southern border lies iran, where india is interested in building a port at chabahar, cheek-by-jowl with pakistans gwadar.
perhaps too much is happening for modi to concentrate his mind on the jigsaw puzzle that is foreign policy.
that means that indias interest  or lack of it  in pakistan is intimately connected with afghanistan, iran as well as uzbekistan.
waiting patiently in the picture is china, which has been building road and rail links across the region since the soviet union broke up in 1991, like a tiger patiently plotting to capture its prey.
in fact, the first cargo train left from the eastern chinese city of nantong on august 25 and reached hairatan, on the uzbek-afghan border on september 9.
with the us increasingly wrapped in its own political transition, xi jinping sent vice-premier zhang gaoli as his special envoy to karimovs funeral in samarkand.
thats the kind of strategic risk modi is capable of, and must learn to emulate.
perhaps the pm needs a few more advisers to whom he can delegate key priorities.
one retired diplomat recently remembered that delhi sent no one to riyadh to condole the death of the first king and founder of saudi arabia, abdul aziz ibn saud, in 1953  and how india lived to regret that omission for decades to come when the saudis refused to forget.
its unlikely the uzbeks will forget either.
but the question is a larger one : will indias unwillingness to follow through brilliantly begun initiatives become its undoing?
the world is a big place, but its clearly impossible for delhi to do several things at the same time.
two years on, the half-baked chapati still tastes terrible.
b'pramod rathod (right).
pramod rathod (right).
in a major breakthrough, the special investigation team (sit) of the state criminal investigation department (cid), which is probing a statewide racket of dummy candidates appearing for government recruitment exams, has arrested the alleged kingpin, 36-year-old pramod rathod.
in april, the state government had formed a sit after direct intervention from chief minister devendrafadnavis , and the team was given the mandate to probe almost 50 cases registered across maharashtra, including 10 in pune.
over 400 dummy candidates are suspected to have appeared in the last two years in government recruitment exams.
several recruitments in departments such as police, social welfare, government secretariat, agriculture and women and child development are now under the sits scanner.
the primary findings and investigation in these cases had revealed the involvement of rathod, a suspended government employee from nanded, said police.
while rathod is the prime accused, police also suspect the involvement of other serving government officials.
shankar kengar, superintendent of police with the cids aurangabad unit, told the indian express, we arrested rathod, who is the prime suspect, from his native village mandvi in kinwat taluka of nanded on monday evening.
he was produced before the court on tuesday and remanded in police custody till may 29.
we have told the court that we want to probe the modus operandi of the racketeers, search for the dummy candidates, as well as those who were selected in the exams, and the money trail.
there would be more arrestsa police team had laid a trap in mandvi, after receiving a tip-off that rathod was going to visit his village after a death in the family, said sources.
rathod, a class iii government employee, had come under the radar of the anti-corruption bureau after he amassed a huge amount of wealth and bought several properties.
he was suspended after an inquiry.
he had been on the run since the cases were registered last year.
he is suspected to have been helped by many serving government employees, said a police officer from mandvi police station.
the indian express was the first to report about these cases, and the suspected state-wide racket, in august last year.
yogesh jadhav, a 27-year-old civil services aspirant from nanded, had unearthed a series of such cases  when a dummy candidate appeared for a recruitment exam  by filing several right to information (rti) applications.
jadhav and nanded-based activist shobha waghmare had met chief minister fadnavis in march, and briefed him about these cases, after which the cm had ordered the formation of the sit.
speaking to the indian express, jadhav said on tuesday, this is an important breakthrough in the probe.
i hope that this leads to more clues about those who have fraudulently been selected, so that genuine candidates have a chance.
fadnavis went ahead with his schedule and conducted the inauguration of the swimming pool and gymnasium in the evening.
(file) fadnavis went ahead with his schedule and conducted the inauguration of the swimming pool and gymnasium in the evening.
(file)the fight between the shiv sena and the bjp is out ahead of the civic polls as mumbai mayor snehal ambekar on saturday raised objections to chief minister devendrafadnavis programme of inaugurating a bmc-built swimming pool and gymnasium in dahisar (east).
ambekar, who wrote a letter to fadnavis, said it was not the bmcs official event and stated it is an insult to prime minister narendra modis idea of cooperative federalism.
ambekar stated that earlier, the union and state ministers and chief ministers have attended the events organized by bmc.
but, like todays unofficial event has never taken place in the past and the local legislators have not organised such an event.
since this is violation of protocol, you (chief minister) should not attend todays programme and attend those ones organized by bmc, she stated.
however, fadnavis went ahead with his schedule and conducted the inauguration of the swimming pool and gymnasium in the evening.
incidentally, civic chief ajoy mehta was present.
ambekar stated in the letter that the ground-breaking ceremony of the swimming pool was already carried out on august 23, 2013 by the then mayor sunil prabhu and the deputy mayor and local corporators were present.
also, bmc had set aside funds for the swimming pool.
it would have been right if the event was organized by bmc and such event will be organized.
but there is no place for bmc in the invitation card of todays event of inaugurating the swimming pool.
this is not just an insult of the mayor but also of mumbai, all mumbaikars and elected representatives, statedambekar adding she is not attending the event in protest to condemn it.
bjp leaders slammed shiv sena alleging that shiv sena leaders tried to delay the inauguration ceremony.
the mayor along with local shiv sena leaders attempted to put hurdles in making these facilities available to citizens.
in july, the mayor was informed to take the chief ministers appointment.
we followed it up several times.
since she said she is not getting time of the cm, we met him and got his appointment.
after that, we alerted the mayor to keep her time reserved for the event but she didnt, said pravin darekar, bjp legislator.
darekar said around rs 8 crore have been spent on constructing the facilities.
it has been ready for the past six months.
the mayor does not have time to make it available for public.
then, what is the use of constructing such facilities.
after all, we are making it available for public.
and bmc is not above the chief minister, he added.
former finance minister and bjp veteran arun jaitley was on sunday cremated at nigambodh ghat in delhi with full state honours.
advertisingunion home minister amit shah, defence minister rajnath singh, finance minister nirmala sitharaman, women and child development minister smriti irani and bjp stalwart l k advani were present at the funeral.
explained | arun jaitley: bjp govts go-to man who built political consensus for gstseveral chief ministers from both bjp and opposition-ruled states, including maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , gujarat chief minister vijay rupani, uttarakhand chief minister trivendra singh rawat, karnataka chief minister b s yediyurappa, bihar chief minister nitish kumar and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal were also present.
senior congress leaders kabil sibal and jyotiraditya scindia, too, attended the funeral.
see rare photos of arun jaitley from express archivesadvertisingsurrounded by bjp workers, members of the legal fraternity and well-wishers, jaitleys son rohan lit the funeral pyre.
among those present was 72-year-old vijender gaur, who said he had campaigned for jaitley during the delhi university student elections in the early 1970s.
around ten of us were part of his core campaign team.
i was in-charge of yamuna-paar.
we would sit outside shyam lal college everyday to speak to students and convince them to vote for jaitley, he said.
he recalled jaitleys days of student politics as the golden days of the abvp.
it was no mean feat to become the students union president from the abvp at a time of congress rule.
his speciality was that he never did any negative work.
according to kamal sharma, mayur vihar district president of the bjp yuva morcha, youth leaders have a special attachment to jaitley.
his own political journey started with student politics.
so he knew the importance of grooming the youth in our sanskriti, sanskaar and ideology.
i considered him to be an idol and a mentor, he said.
ashok kashyap, an advocate at the delhi high court, met jaitley early in his legal career.
we started practising law the same year  1977.
over time, at the delhi high court, a lunch table group was formed.
there was a particular table where we would sit to have lunch at 1 pm everyday.
jaitley was a part of it, as well as other advocates such as sanjay jain, k k sood and p r bahl.
that tradition still continues.
in the 2-3 years, he would come to the high court because of his defamation suit against arvind kejriwal.
whenever he visited, he would stop by and say hello, he said.
read | sonia gandhi condoles jaitleys death, says his contributions to public life will be remembered foreverearlier, jaitleys mortal remains were brought to the bjp headquarters from his kailash colony residence around 10.
50 am.
this was the second time in three weeks when the bjp headquarters mourned the death of a senior leader after former external affairs minister sushma swaraj passed away on august 6.
a group of children from two orphanages where jaitley used to spend his birthdays were among those present at the bjp headquarters.
he also invited us over a few times at his residence.
there used to be no political discussions.
he used to treat us with so much dignity, said tushar, who recently cleared high school.
archbishop of delhi anil couto, too, paid homage to jaitley.
soon after the 2014 polls, we had a meeting at his house.
he tried to allay our concerns on religious intolerance.
he was a very dignified person.
i had seen his spiritual side during an event at vigyan bhavan.
he spoke so eloquently, couto said.
b'revenue minister eknath khadse.
revenue minister eknath khadse.
the bjp has begun the process to act against revenue minister eknath khadse, deploying emissaries to impress upon him to accept wrongdoing in a land deal in which he is facing allegations of impropriety.
the party also indicated that the row over allegations that he received phone calls from underworld don dawood ibrahim too was not handled responsibly.
the last 24 hours saw khadse making concerted attempts to plead his case with the central and state leadership to defend himself on the controversies.
on friday evening, khadse tweeted, as a responsible agriculture minister, i am focusing on farmers issues.
allow me to do my work, instead of clarifying on baseless and planned allegations.
an appeal to media.
khadse remained confined in his home constituency muktainagar in jalgaon district in north maharashtra.
he attended a few functions in jalgaon organised to pay tribute to senior leader (late) gopinath munde on his second death anniversary.
state bjp president raosaheb danve tried to underplay the developments, arguing the charges against khadse were political.
while the top leadership in the party remained tight-lipped, a source said, a series of back-channel discussions are on.
a senior cabinet minister told the indian express, there is no ambiguity on taking action against khadse.
but we want to ensure it is done graciously, weighing all the pros and cons to ensure the organisation is not adversely affected.
moreover, he has served the party for 40 years.
from khadses tweets, it was evident he has reconciled to giving up his most important revenue portfolio.
and that he would be too pleased to continue as agriculture minister.
at present, khadse holds 10 portfolios, including ministry of minorities welfare, ministry of animal husbandry and ministry of dairy development, among others.
chief minister devendrafadnavis had on thursday submitted a report on the issue to party chief amit shah in delhi.
he had also met prime minister narendra modi.
congress leader narayan rane.
congress leader narayan rane.
senior congress leader narayan rane finds himself at the cross-roads with the bjp appearing to have put on hold his induction in the party and the congress almost giving him up as an outsider.
late saturday night, top leadership of the bjp discussed ranes political fate and arrived at the conclusion that they should not show any undue haste in getting him and his sons in the bjp.
a highly-placed source in the bjp told the indian express: the central leadership of the bjp cannot override the voices of dissent within the state leaders against inducting rane and his two sons, nitesh and nilesh, in the organisation immediately.
earlier this week, rane reportedly held a meeting with bjp president amit shah in ahmedabad.
a senior cabinet minister, requesting anonymity, told the indian express: at the moment, there is no serious thought given on why the bjp should consider rane in the organisation with urgency, specially if it comes with terms and conditions.
if there is any decision, it will happen at the appropriate time, he added.
two aspects being discussed are if rane were to join the bjp, he would have to be accommodated as a union cabinet minister in the prime minister narendra modi-led government or at least given a significant role in the bjp organisation led by amit shah.
secondly, it may have to consider induction of his son nitesh as a minister of state in chief minister devendrafadnavis government in the state.
the argument within the bjp is whether the centre and state should pay so much price for the induction of one congress leader.
while acknowledging that rane wields political clout confined to his hometown sindhudurg, the larger question remains will it make sense to antagonise alliance partner shiv sena, which is in coalition with the bjp at the centre and the state.
shiv sena president uddhav thackeray and rane have been at loggerheads ever since he left the parent party sena and joined the congress in 2005.
moreover, political managers are worried that if ranes terms and conditions are accepted, it would have to honour similar demands from more illustrious politicians who express their keenness to associate with modi and shahs party.
late saturday evening, some ministers held discussions with union minister nitin gadkari to elicit his views on the matter in the wake of the growing perception that he is promoting ranes case in the bjp.
while revealing the facts, a minister said: if there is any decision, it will be collective and not taken by any individual leader.
according to senior political commentator abhay deshpande, if rane joins the bjp, it may be a great advantage to the ruling party.
but it certainly would be a big disadvantage for the opposition as he is an aggressive voice in the opposition.
to that extent it would also help the bjp to mute the aggression against them within the congress, he observed.
while indicating that the bjp may consider rane in the coming days, he said: this time, it is evident that the congress is not making any attempt to stop him from switching political parties.
the congress wednesday used data from the reserve bank of india to taunt the devendrafadnavis government over its magnetic maharashtra initiative, questioning the governments claims on new investment commitments made at the investor summit.
1 lakh crore worth of mous involving private sector investments.
hitting out at the government, maharashtra congress chief ashok chavan said the initiative was nothing but a misleading image building exercise by the government.
this is nothing new.
in the last three and a half years, this government has done nothing but resorted to misleading announcements, he said.
sharpening its offensive, the congress has now demanded that the government bring out a white paper on investments into the state.
it also wants the government to disclose the expenditure incurred on the advertisement blitz and event management for the summit.
while the maharashtra congress chief interacted with the media in mumbai, former cm prithviraj chavan and former minister vijay wadettiwar spoke on the issue in pune and nagpur, respectively.
accusing the fadnavis government of creating a mirage of development and change, ashok chavan alleged that the statistics on unemployment, worsening fiscal outlook of the states economy, and the rising tax burden on citizens presented a contrary picture on the ground.
chavan said that rbis latest data on corporate investments revealed that maharashtra had fallen behind gujarat.
he further claimed that data from the union ministry for micro, small, and medium enterprises showed lesser number of msmes from maharashtra had registered with the ministry as compared to bihar, tamil nadu, gujarat, and uttar pradesh.
two years ago, the maharashtra government had similarly claimed receiving investments of rs 8 lakh crore during the make in india summit.
it had claimed this would create 30 lakh jobs.
people of maharashtra have not seen new job creation in the past two years.
the big investments havent come either.
people have lost faith in this government, said chavan.
taking a jibe at fadnavis, he added that maharashtra under him had become pathetic maharashtra.
the congress also questioned the governments misplaced priorities over the signing of the mou with richard branson-led virgin group to build the futuristic hyperloop train service between mumbai and pune.
the technology is yet to be tested in developed countries.
according to chavan, this was nothing but one more pre-election announcement.
on the eve of the gujarat assembly polls, the prime minister (narendra modi) announced sea plane services.
nothing came out of it later.
now, they have announced the hyperloop.
the result would be the same, he said.
the congress has also questioned claims made by the government over investments in the power sector, questioning fadnaviss plan to shift unproductive farm workers to the service sector.
shiv sena president uddhav thackeray addresses a meeting organised ahead of municipal elections in mumbai on thursday.
(source: pti) shiv sena president uddhav thackeray addresses a meeting organised ahead of municipal elections in mumbai on thursday.
(source: pti)the shiv senas decision to contest the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) elections alone is a political compulsion to keep its house in order and avert fissures that would have badly dented the leadership image of party president uddhav thackeray.
in the last 25 years of its alliance, the shiv sena has always played the role of big brother in the bmc elections.
however, for the first time after the 2014 lok sabha and assembly elections which saw the bjp emerge as the leading party, the sena has been relegated to the secondary position in maharashtra.
the sena has been the ruling party in bmc for last 19 years.
watch:in the 2014 assembly polls bjp won 122 seats out of 288 while the sena triumphed in 63.
the seat tally for mumbais 36 assembly seats was bjp 15 and sena 14 seats, respectively.
the bjps demand for a larger seat share in the pre-poll tie-up for the bmc polls was impossible for the shiv sena to accept.
accepting bjp on equal terms in a pre-poll seat-sharing arrangement would have meant sena was giving up its upper hand in the bmc.
apart from an ego issue, the bigger challenge before thackeray was how to tackle the angry cadre who would have rebelled if their political aspirations were not met in these elections.
; the shiva sena has been divided on this issue.
a section within the party which enjoys the fruits of power by becoming ministers in the maharashtra government, wanted an alliance with bjp.
however, a majority of the sainiks who saw bmc as the opportunity to step into electoral politics were against an alliance with the bjp.
in the past, the sena has suffered political setbacks after heavyweights chhagan bhujbal, narayan rane and raj thackeray quit the party along with their followers in three different phases between the mid-1990s and 2005-06.
apart from setback in the state assembly, the senas vote share has also shown a steady decline in the last three bmc elections (2002, 2007 and 2012) .
in the 2012 bmc elections, sena contested 135 seats and won 75 seats, down from its previous 110 seats.
the bjp had contested 63 seats and won 31 seats.
the congress had 52 seats, ncp 13, mns 28 seats and others 28 seats.
thackeray has taken a gamble of going solo as he found himself in a catch 22 situation.
for the 227 seats, the shiv sena would have had to concede at least between 100-105 seats to the bjp.
which meant it would have been left with only 127 to 122 seats.
even if there was some give and take, the sena leadership knew that those candidates who were deprived of election tickets would quit the party or contest as rebel candidates.
the foremost challenge for thackeray ahead of the bmc elections  the mother of all elections in the state  is to project the sena as a strong, united party.
therefore, he could not have negotiated even a single seat with the bjp.
at this moment, it seems that the bmc elections is poised for a straight fight between the shiv sena and the bjp.
the bitterness between the alliance partners will have its impact on all the other nine municipal corporations and 25 zilla parishad elections across maharashtra on february 16 and 21.
however, the congress and ncp are also contesting without an alliance, setting the stage for the multi-cornered contest in corporations and zilla parishad polls.
thackeray has taken the big gamble.
in the absence of emotive plank which has always worked to its advantage, he will not have an easy battle in mumbai, especially when the bjp is promoting the development plank under the leadership of chief minister devendrafadnavis in the elections.
thackeray is therefore, playing a strong hindutva card in these elections to negate the anti-incumbency against the party in the bmc.
unfazed by the bjp breaching its citadel of mumbai by winning 82 seats in the bmc polls, the shiv sena on friday asserted that the civic bodys mayor will be from their party and accused its estranged ally of using deceitful means to destabilise them.
indicating its unwillingness towards a post-poll alliance with bjp in the countrys richest civic body, the sena said its fight with the saffron party will continue and it will keep walking on the difficult path, whatever be the consequences.
watch what else is making newsthe bjp on thursday scored a resounding victory in the maharashtra civil polls emerging as the largest party in eight of the 10 municipal corporations while finishing a close second to bellicose ally shiv sena, which won 84 seats, in the latters mumbai bastion.
a day after the verdict, the sena, in an editorial in party mouthpiece saamana claimed that bjp used the entire state machinery and all its might of central leadership to secure unprecedented results in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation and other local body polls.
the sena has been ruling the bmc from the last 25 years.
they (the bjp) used deceitful means to destabilise our rule.
this has never happened before when the congress ruled the state, it charged.
the bjp used all that it had for the bmc polls.
but, despite the bjp getting 82 seats, the mayor will be from shiv sena only, the sena proclaimed.
in the counting of votes held on thursday for the bmc, the shiv sena got 84 seats, bjp secured 82 seats, congress was relegated to the third position with 31 seats, whereas the ncp and raj thackerays mns got 9 and 7 seats, respectively.
the sena on friday said it will walk on the path of fire and continue its fight without worrying about the outcome.
it is always easier for the party in power to win local body polls.
power helped the congress and is now helping the bjp.
we have decided to walk on the path of fire.
we will not worry about the consequences, it said.
our fight (with the bjp) will continue.
the war that had started was not only for power but for dharma, ideals and the integrity of maharashtra, the sena said.
the elections to the cash-rich bmc and nine other civic bodies in the state, which had virtually turned into a battle of prestige for chief minister devendrafadnavis , heading the states first bjp-led government, and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, were held on february 21.
the counting of votes for the mini assembly election was held on thursday.
farm activist kishor tiwari, who chaired the state government task force vasantrao naik sheti swavlamban mission, on saturday, lambasted chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari for not keeping the promise of accommodating him in vidhan parishad and has announced his decision to return to activism.
advertisingin the same breath, however, tiwari has said that he is in touch with shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, without elaborating further on it but said he has no plan to join the party.
tiwari, who shot to prominence with his ngo vidarbha janandolan samiti (vjs) at pandharkawda in yavatmal district, addressed a press conference at yavatmal to announce his decision to sever his relationship with the bjp.
tiwari, who is not a bjp member, told the indian express, i went with the bjp on the invitation of fadnavis and gadkari since they thought i could provide them valuable guidance on agricultural issues.
i agreed to head the mission and did my best to help farmers.
but the bjp doesnt need me anymore since they have so many bigwigs joining them under a megabharti drive.
they had promised me a seat in the upper house by 2018 but that never came about.
so, i have decided to return to activism.
advertisinghe, however, said, i am in touch with shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray since past three months.
he is taking inputs from me on farmers issues.
asked if he plans to join shiv sena, tiwari said, no.
he, however, said that his organisation would put up candidates in the forthcoming state elections at kelapur, wani, ralegaon and pandharkawda.
i will also go to the constituency across vidarbha and marathwada where i have influenced.
tiwari, who enjoyed minister of state status as the task force chief, also criticised the cm for not keeping his word on making the mission a quasi-judicial body.
they didnt do that and kept it as mere advisory body.
but now they dont even need my advise since they are getting big people from other parties, tiwari said .
adding, they have a plan to quieten activists (thanda karne ki yojana).
asked if the fadnavis government was successful in delivering anything worthwhile to farmers, tiwari said, they brought focus of many issues like crop pattern and sustainabilty but there was only talk and no policy reforms.
asked about his contribution as mission chief, he said, i visited 5,000 villages and 1,200 hospitals and tried address their problems to the best of my ability.
tiwari had created a flutter ahead of 2019 lok sabha election by writing to rss that nitin gadkari be made prime minister.
he said, there was some hope at that time.
but they insulted me by not offering a place on dais at the pms rally at pandharkawda in march despite my hard work to make it successful.
i was subjected to humiliation.
now i am repenting for associating with them.
work on four-lane roads connecting dehu-alandi to pandharpur followed by a river cleaning project has been taken up on a war footing.
the state government has also planned a rs 1,000-crore namami chandrabhaga project on the lines of the namami ganga project to clean the sacred river in pandharpur which has the famous temple of lord vitthal on its bank.
the four-lane roads, which would be built by the union ministry of surface transport, would see the state government providing land for building spacious halls which would serve as restrooms for the pilgrims, he said.
the major concern relates to polluted river water.
the installation of sewage treatment plant will ensure the river water and temple town remain clean.
the mega chandrabhaga namami project beginning from bhimashankar to pandharpur along various districts of the state would be complete by 2022.
the chief minister also promised an audit of all disaster management initiatives and have asked authorities to beef up emergency services like fire-fighting and first-aid measures in the religious places across maharashtra.
watch video: whats making newsfadnavis said, for the last several decades, we have annual pilgrims who visit the temple town on foot.
however, our biggest concern till date relates to toilets.
this year the government provided 20,000 mobile toilets for the pilgrims as devotees across the state throng the temple town for 40 days this season.
the toilet project called nirmal wari was an initiative taken by the state government to bring more cleanliness and also facilitate the use of toilets to the pilgrims who cover several hundred kilometres during their 40-45-day pilgrimage.
earlier, several politicans across party lines expressed concerns related the inconvenience caused to pilgrims because of space constraints, polluted river, overcrowding and absence of restrooms.
earlier, the ncps ajit pawar had demanded restrooms for the pilgrims and pranati shinde pointed to the lack of healthcare and quick response system at the pilgrimage centres.
b'at the site of the crash in latur.
(express) at the site of the crash in latur.
(express)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis escaped unhurt in the chopper crash on thursday but a video of the crash that surfaced on the internet showed the chief minister had a very narrow escape.
in the video, the chopper is seen taking off but manages to stay in the air for only a few seconds.
a flash of light is seen in the sky and the chopper goes down amid a cloud of dust.
#watch: dramatic visuals of crash-landing of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis chopper in latur, cm and team escaped unhurt.
pic.
twitter.com/xtikkyvkhg  ani (@ani_news) may 25, 2017the chief minister was accompanied by six other members in the team and two crew members.
as the chopper had not attained much height, major accident was averted, one of the team members said.
fadnavis was accompanied by pravin parrdeshi, principal secretary, forests, maharashtra government.
the cm also released a video assuring of the safety of his team.
fortunately, i have the blessings of more than 11 crore people of maharashtra so i have escaped without any injuries, the chief minister said.
he also said that his vitals have been checked and that he is stable.
after take-off, pilot found variable wind pattern.
pilot decided to land back.
during landing, the helicopter got entangled in wires.
the helicopter has sustained susbtantial damage.
all 06 persons are safe and escaped unhurt.
spoke to commander of the flight as well as honble cm.
both informed well being of all occupants, a senior official of directorate general of civil aviation (dgca) said.
on the eve of the eighth anniversary of the maval firing incident, in which three farmers were killed, minister of state for labour, environment, relief and rehabilitation bala bhegde on thursday said farmers wont allow the pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation (pcmc)s rs 400-crore pavana pipeline project to be implemented.
the pimpri-chinchwad unit of the bjp said the project will certainly happen.
advertisingwe have opposed the project for the past eight years.
the farmers in maval will not allow the project to be implemented, bhegde, who is the mla from maval assembly constituency, told the indian express.
bhegde, who has been agitating with farmers on this issue along with the bharatiya kisan sangh, had retained his maval seat in the 2014 elections on promises of never allowing the projects implementation.
on august 9, 2011, three farmers were killed after police opened fire on a group that was protesting against the pipeline project.
after the incident, the state government had immediately halted the project.
on friday  the eighth anniversary of the incident  farmers will hold an event to commemmorate those killed.
advertisingthe rs 400-crore project involves lifting water directly through a closed pipeline from pavana dam, located at least 35 km from pimpri-chinchwad.
the pipeline will run up to ravet in pimpri-chinchwad.
the project will help the pcmc get 1 thousand million cubic feet (tmc) more water.
last month, the contractor who was appointed to implement the project had withdrawn from it as the project remained stalled.
bhegde claimed if the project is implemented, it will ruin the economy of the region.
people from talegaon and dehu road area are heavily dependent on dam water.
there are 70 villages and two midcs with hundreds of small, medium and big industrial units.
peoples livelihood depends on farm yield, which will be severely affected if the ground water level goes down and wells and lakes run dry.
farm land of at least 18,000 acres will be affected.
besides, the rural areas in maval are becoming rapidly urbanised, which means there will be need for additional water, he said.
the issue had gone before the bombay high court, which referred the matter to the water resources authority, he added.
the water resources authority, bhegde said, had ruled that pcmc can lift water from the closed pipeline for eight months in a year and should lift water from the river during the four monsoon months.
he added that farmers in the region had rejected this ruling, and instead, they suggested that the pcmc should build a weir at gahunje in maval and lift water from there.
the pcmc has not responded to our suggestion, said bhegde.
the minister said the pcmc was getting 6.
5 tmc water from pavana dam, leaving just 3.
5 tmc for maval.
due to the growing population and urbanisation of the area and considering our requirement till 2050, we believe the water stock for us is highly insufficient and so, pcmcs project is not acceptable to us, he said.
bjp, which rules the pcmc, said it was making all efforts to restart the project.
we are fully confident the project will happen, said bjp general secretary sarang kamtekar.
he said they have asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to intervene in the matter.
this is because the issue has become complicated and cannot be resolved at the local level.
an amicable solution has to be found to this and it can be found only at the highest level, said kamtekar.
blaming the ncp for complicating the issue in 2011, kamtekar said the ncp had tried to acquire land for the closed pipeline project without taking the farmers into confidence.
they tried to bulldoze the project through the farms of maval residents.
this angered the farmers, who then took to the streets, he said.
municipal commissioner shravan hardikar said the project will ensure additional one tmc of water for the city.
advertisingit will help provide clean water to the city and we will be able to cater to the tail-end areas, which are water-deficient, he said.
the bjp core committee meeting late tuesday night reviewed its ongoing programme  samvaad shivar  across maharashtra.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , along with all bjp ministers and select senior party functionaries, assessed the impact of the partys programme and projects in rural maharashtra.
a senior leader said, the core committee meeting was scheduled long ago and its purpose was to review the district-wise situation both socially and politically.
through samvaad shivar, 10,000 workers have spread across 90,000 booths across the state to convey the partys policies both at the centre and the state.
however, in the wake of the farmers strike, the core committee also reflected on the current developments, sources added.
b'the report on grading 963 childrens homes found 214 to be in the non-performing category.
the report on grading 963 childrens homes found 214 to be in the non-performing category.
it was a survey undertaken a year back to keep a check on child protection homes in the state by the women and child develop-ment (wcd) department.
how-ever, even after the gradation, the department awaits the state governments orders.
we have written to the government several times to give us permission to initiate action, but there has been no response.
despite grading the homes, we are unable to initiate action against them, said wcd commissioner km nagarkoje.
nagarkoje said the gradation was carried out after the high court pulled up the state government on the upkeep of the homes.
however, even as the survey was conducted, there was no instructions on carrying out action against the homes and it proves to be a wasted effort if action is not initiated, the department wrote to the state government.
the exercise was carried out after several cases emerged of children falling ill, running away or other incidents, and no upkeep of the homes.
the detailed survey included assessment of the homes too.
the report on the grading that has been done on 963 childrens homes in the state, has found nearly 214 of them fall in the non-performing category and can be shut down if given permissions.
watch video: whats making newschief minister devendrafadnavis , in a note, had taken serious cognizance earlier, and had asked wcd officials to ensure that all homes function to the best of their capacity, and if found otherwise, would face stringent action.
however, the government resolution (gr) on the same is yet to be issued.
the wcd surveyed 963 of the 994 homes in the state, of which, it found 214 childrens homes in c category, indicating non-performance.
the report listed 473 homes in the a list and 214 homes in the b category indicating a need for improvement.
even as we have submitted a detailed gradation system to the government, it is yet to come out with a gr.
only if the gr comes can we shut the homes, said a senior wcd official.
while grading the homes, officials had checked parameters such as infrastructure, sanitation, food and other requirements recommended under the juvenile justice act.
the survey was initiated to check living conditions of the 963 childrens homes affiliated with the government.
the official said that a cms note has been issued in which he reiterates that the homes should function properly.
while 214 homes would face the axe, nearly 276 would have to give up their grants till they improve their conditions.
these were the instructions given, he said.
at present, the government pays rs 900 per month per child to each of these homes and once these homes lose the status, funds would be stopped.
it was in august last year that the department had ordered a detailed inquiry into the living conditions of these children in these homes.
wcd officials were instructed to make random visits to the homes and check on various parameters and ready a detailed report.
homes that scored between 90 and 100 per cent were placed in category a, those that scored between 80 and 90 per cent in category b, and homes scoring less than 80 per cent in category c.as per the jj act, childrens homes should have a a decent space for reception, attached bathing and toilet facilities.
homes for transit care should have minimum boarding and lodging facilities, and provide basic needs in terms of clothing, food, healthcare, nutrition, education, vocational training and recreation.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
at tembhurni village in madha taluka of north solapur, the bjp may not be a political force to reckon with.
but ask the villagers who is the face of the party in the upcoming elections to 25 zilla parishads and 10 municipal corporations, they point to a huge poster of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
like in tembhurni, posters of the chief minister have come up in hundreds of villages across the state as the bjp heavily banks on him to win the elections.
the posters urge villagers to vote for the bjp to ring in prosperity and change.
across vidarbha, north and western maharashtra, konkan and marathwada, fadnavis has emerged as the face of the party in the run-up to the polls, in the same way that prime minister narendra modi is seen as the partys face in other poll-bound states.
watch what else is in the newsthe strategy is quite unusual in a cadre-based party whose motto is india first, party next, self last.
but several leaders see nothing wrong in it.
a senior bjp-rss leader, who has worked closely with fadnavis, said, poll campaigns are often part of a shrewd strategy for organisational expansion.
if fadnavis is planting lotus (party symbol), why should the bjp have problems?
whether it is modi or fadnavis, the model works for the bjp.
bjps poll strategist shrikant bharatiya said, in the last two years, fadnavis has emerged as the match-winner for the bjp.
his leadership is natural and not something that has been thrust on the party or people.
the results of the municipal council elections too boosted fadnavis image.
in the municipal council polls, the bjp became the number one party winning 1,207 seats, shiv sena 616, congress 919 and ncp 768.
earlier, in the kalyan-dombivli municipal corporation polls, the bjps tally rose from nine seats to 42.
in successive local bodies elections, fadnavis strategy and a campaign driven by the development plank have yielded positive results for the party.
in every election, the maximum demand for addressing campaigns are for fadnavis.
in the present polls, the chief minister has covered all 25 districts and 10 metros, holding six rallies daily, bharatiya said.
while fadnavis critics within the party feel his overexposure in the local bodies elections may thwart his political career, what cannot be overlooked is that under fadnavis leadership, the bjp has penetrated territory held by the congress and the ncp for six decades.
congress and ncp leaders, however, disagree.
ncps jayant patil often says, at the centre it is narendra (modi) and in maharashtra devendra (fadnavis).
a senior shiv sena mp, who did not wish to be named, said, why should i comment?
in the shiv sena, it is always a one-man rule.
even in the congress, which is cadre-based, the high command calls the final shot.
in the ncp, the pawars always have the last say.
in the bjp, which is cadre-based, it is a new phenomenon.
congress leader and former chief minister prithviraj chavan said, if you look at the rss structure it is fascist, driven by one man at the top.
when the bjp was not in power, it gave an impression of democratic style of functioning.
but when it came to power, it has shown its real face.
the opposition on monday targeted chief minister devendrafadnavis for continuing with his political campaign despite a flood-like situation in several parts of the city.
advertisinga party delegation led by state units campaign committee chairman nana patole and mumbai congress president eknath gaikwad met chief secretary ajoy mehta, who also heads the executive committee for disaster management in the state in this regard on tuesday.
at a time when several parts of the state are inundated and people are facing great risks, the chief minister, who is also the chairman of the disaster management authority in the state, is busy using taxpayers money for his five-star political campaign.
relief and rehabilitation minister subhash deshmukh is also missing in action.
we have demanded action against both of them as per provision of the national disaster management act, 2005, for dereliction of duty, patole said.
read | devendrafadnavis hails decision to scrap article 370 in j&kadvertisingthe state administration, however, said the chief minister and mehtas office were personally monitoring the situation and guiding relief work.
patole, however, objected to it saying that the congress had served a notice as per provisions under the ndma for accountability to be fixed against the two ministers and action being taken as per law.
explained: why shiv sena, bjp, ncp are planning state-wide yatras ahead of maharashtra pollsthe congress will approach the courts if the state administration fails to do so, he said.
gaikwad, meanwhile, demanded that the compensation to all those who were affected by the incessant rainfall be distributed immediately.
the congress delegation also demanded that the state should declare the crisis as a natural calamity.
torrential rains have hit normal life in mumbai, thane, palghar, nashik, navi mumbai, raigad, sangli, kolhapur and pune among other districts in the last few days.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)maharashtra friday passed a legislation to curb the growing instances of attack on journalists, making the offence non-bailable and punishable with up to three years of imprisonment and a fine up to rs 50,000.
the maharashtra media persons and media institutions (prevention of violence and damage or loss to property), act, 2017 was passed in the legislative assembly and the legislative council on the concluding day of the budget session.
it is to protect and safeguard the mediapersons and property of the mediapersons or media institutions.
the demand for such a legislation had been pending for the last 12 years.
the congress-ncp government had constituted a committee, which was divided on bringing a legislation, due to which the previous regime had kept the matter on hold.
any incident of violence against mediapersons or damage or loss of property of mediapersons or media institutions would invite punishment now.
the offender who commits or attempts to commit or instigate or provokes the commission of any act of violence would be punished with imprisonment extending up to three years with fine, which may extend to rs 50,000 or both.
it says a police officer not below the rank of deputy superintendent of police would investigate any offence under this act.
the offence would be cognisable and non-bailable, and tried by a court of judicial magistrate first class.
fadnavis added, while the act is in place, i would appeal to all media associations to ensure it is not misused.
media organisations across the state welcomed the decision.
fadnavis made the remarks in reference to reports speculating mid-term polls in the state against the backdrop of farmers stir for loan waiver in view of the agrarian crisis.
some people said (when the agitation was on) that they will bring the government down, they will withdraw support.
i said we are ready for mid-term polls.
if someone wants to impel us to go for mid-term polls, i am confident we will be able to form government again, fadnavis told reporters in mumbai without naming any party.
buoyed by the bjps success in maharashtra local bodies polls, held recently, fadnavis exuded confidence that people of the state were with the saffron party notwithstanding various agitations in the state.
that success was unprecedented.
no other party achieved such success.
the congress-ncp couldnt attend the success even during their hay days.
so, people believe in the government, he said.
talking to a marathi news channel recently, shiv sena mp sanjay raut had suggested that his party, a bjp ally in the state government, would withdraw support if the loan waiver was not announced.
the fadnavis government had agreed to the long-standing demand of farmers and announced a loan waiver for them last sunday.
the state government is all set to appoint an administrator to check financial irregularities and exploitation of farmers by middle-agents in dairy cooperative societies across maharashtra.
a senior ias officer will be deputed to stem corruption and mismanagement in the sector, including adulteration of milk to increase profit margins, and exploitation of farmers, sources said.
the decision to crack the whip on dairy cooperative societies is aimed at facilitating higher rates for farmers supplying milk.
it also aims to end the nexus between politicians and middle-agents in the sector.
on an average, a farmer gets rs 22-25 per litre of milk supplied to these dairy cooperative societies.
but the societies market the same milk at rates as high as rs 60-80 per litre.
the government wants to ensure the rs 35-55 pocketed by middle-agents or cooperative sectors be shared with farmers.
the farmers deserve better remuneration, said chief minister devendra fadnavis.
he pointed out that while state-owned brands remain neglected, politicians, under the cooperative cover, were promoting their own private brands.
the average daily collection of milk by the government and cooperative dairies taken together was 44.
45 lakh litres during 2016-17.
it was 51.
13 lakh litres during 2015-16.
there are 192 cold storages with a capacity of 7,618.
77 mt, of which 167 cold storages with a capacity of 7172.
12 mt are with the private sector.
the government has infused rs 68.
08 crore under rashtriya kisan vikas yojna in 13 dairy projects during 2016-17.
in government and cooperative sectors together, there are 98 milk processing plants and 156 chilling centres with a capacity of 90.
17 lakh litres and 26,55 lakh litres per day respectively.
in the state, there are 14,921 cooperative dairy societies and 85 cooperative dairy unions.
about 37.
6 per cent cooperative dairy societies and 29.
4 per cent dairy unions are in loss.
the enrolled members in cooperative dairy societies stand at 11.
6 lakh and 1.
43 lakh in cooperative dairy unions, according to officials in the commissioner for cooperative and registrar cooperative societies.
according to a nabard report, the estimated credit potential projections for the year 2017-18 for livestock (animal husbandry) is rs 5447.
17 crore of which rs 3,656.
49 crore has been set aside for dairy development and rs 1,103.
69 crore for sheep, goat and piggery development.
chief minister devendrafadnavis (right)with industrial minister subhash desai.
(source: express photo by ganesh shirsekar/file) chief minister devendrafadnavis (right)with industrial minister subhash desai.
(source: express photo by ganesh shirsekar/file)maharashtra industries minister subhash desai on wednesday virtually ruled out chances of taiwanese electronic giant foxconn going ahead with its rs 50,000 crore investment in maharashtra.
speaking to the media in pune on wednesday, the minister said the government has decided to offer the land earmarked for the company in the midc areas of talegaon and khopoli to other investors.
in 2015, the maharashtra government and foxconn had signed a memorandum of understanding with the electronic giant during fadnaviss flagship magnetic maharashtra event.
the deal, announced by cm devendrafadnavis , involved an investment of rs 50,000 crore and employment opportunities for 30,000 people.
the project was supposed to come up in the midc area of taleagon in pune district and nearly 1,500 acres of land was earmarked for the project.
the md of the company had flown down to sign the mou.
we were quite optimistic about it, said desai.
foxconn had also rented out office space in navi mumbai fo0r manufacturing, said the minister.
however, three years since the mou, the investment seems to have fizzled out, with the minister himself admitting that the deal may not work out.
initially, they said they wanted to manufacture phones here but later they started saying this investment was in anticipation of work from their vendors and till they signed the deal, (with their vendors) they would not be in a position to invest, said the minister.
the investment, however, looks unlikely to fructify, with the minister talking about offering the land in talegaon and khopoli to other players.
of the 2,400 mous signed during the make in india week, 2,100 are in various stages of realisation, said desai.
last year, maharashtra had attracted around 30 per cent of total foreign direct investment that the country has seen it is because of the better infrastructure and educated manpower in the country, he said.
on the non-utilisation of land in the various midc, the minister said they have managed to re-acquire 2,000 hectares of land that was unutilised.
if not utilised, the allocated land will be redistributed among other claimants, said desai.
he said the government was looking closely at the phenomenon of investors, who have information about industrial projects, buying land from farmers in order to pocket the compensation money.
desai said the government had accessed a list, which showed businessmen from mumbai and gujarat had already purchased land at the proposed nanar project site at throwaway prices.
the secretary of the industries department has been asked to look into the legal aspect of it and come up with a solution, he said.
the nanar refinery project, proposed to be set up in konkan, has been opposed by various political parties, including the sena and the congress.
b'for, marathas  with 33 per cent of the population  are the strongest of the communities in maharashtra politically and, to some extent, economically as well.
for, marathas  with 33 per cent of the population  are the strongest of the communities in maharashtra politically and, to some extent, economically as well.
for nearly three months, maharashtra has been witnessing a thus far unseen occurrence: hundreds of thousands of people gather, a march begins, theres no sloganeering, the crowd walks in complete silence and the gathering ends with handing over of a memorandum to a local government official before it disperses.
so far, 40 such silent rallies have taken place across the state.
organisers call it the maratha kranti morcha (maratha revolution rally).
all 40 rallies have had just three demands: hang those who raped and killed a 14-year maratha girl in a gruesome incident that took place recently; bring the maratha community under the reservation category and scrap/amend sc/st (prevention of atrocities act), which according to them, is being misused.
all three demands appear too innocuous to trigger such a huge protest.
city after city in maharashtra has been watching this rare spectacle.
its rare in many ways.
for, marathas  with 33 per cent of the population  are the strongest of the communities in maharashtra politically and, to some extent, economically as well.
ten out of the 16 chief ministers of the state have been from the maratha community.
marathas have dominated the social space as well: the entire cooperative movement was led by marathas and maharashtra has one of the strongest networks of district cooperative banks which are predominantly led by marathas.
control over the banking and cooperative movement opened up another area for politicians to spread their influence  education.
most private and deemed universities in the state are founded and run by marathas, be it the bharati vidyapeeth or d.y. patil university or the pravara institute of medical sciences.
access to resources and opportunities was never an issue for the community.
then why should marathas feel deprived?
and why should this community, historically of warriors, hit the streets, asking for reservations?
the answer lies in the slipping away of their political space with the advent of the bjp, whose emergence has been accompanied by fresh social and political equations, which endanger the marathas political hegemony.
however, the situation is more complex than it appears because the maratha community is the single largest community within the bjp as well.
more than half the bjps legislators in the state are marathas.
the community has an equally strong presence in chief minister devendrafadnavis cabinet.
despite this, marathas in the bjp are not happy.
though they constitute the largest caste base in the bjp, they are not part of decision-making.
its not just that devendrafadnavis is a brahmin  only the second brahmin to lead the state since 1960.
marathas dont have a say in running the government or the party.
this explains why the bjps state unit chief, raosaheb danve, has made it a point to mark his presence at maratha rallies.
and so has ashok chavan, the congress veteran and former chief minister, along with many others from the ncp.
like in the bjp, marathas in the congress and its off-shoot, the ncp, are equally restless.
there are primarily two reasons for this: first, the fadnavis government is systematically demolishing the fiefds held till now by various maratha strongmen.
the biggest blow to the maratha empire has come from disciplining the cooperative sector.
many cooperative banks in the state are on their deathbed thanks to the uncontrolled regime of various leaders till now.
to checkmate them, the fadnavis government made directors responsible for banks sickness ineligible to contest bank elections for seven years.
it shook many empires, because controlling cooperative banks is a guaranteed route to political success, as they are the backbone of the rural ecosystem in the state.
also, the ongoing investigations into various scams alleged to have taken place during the15 years of congress-ncp rule have rattled many bigwigs, incidentally again marathas.
the way the state government deftly handled political strongman chhagan bhujbal  now behind bars  has the ncp shaken, which till now was the largest congregation of marathas after the congress.
this has resulted in the sons and nephews of established maratha leaders winking at the bjp.
many have, in fact, migrated into the bjp camp.
for the first time since the formation of maharashtra in 1960, the maratha bastion is facing an existential challenge.
the second reason is the bjps overall effort to redraw socio-political equations.
it has a national game plan  to widen its base and bring in the obcs and dalits while holding on to its brahmin base.
this implies ignoring politically strong communities in different states.
it has alienated the patidar or patels in gujarat, jats in up, haryana and marathas in maharashtra.
it also explains the reasons behind the patels outburst in gujarat and the jat agitation in haryana.
incidentally, all three communities are basically agrarian.
successive droughts, dwindling landholdings and changed ground realities have significantly diminished their incomes.
so, politically challenged and economically threatened, all three communities are up in arms against the bjp.
the situation throws up another possibility.
will the dalits and obcs move closer to the bjp?
it cannot be ruled out.
an indication of things to come can be found in maharashtra, where dalits are now gearing up to take on the marathas, by planning their own state-wide rallies and calling for no-votes to whoever demands scrapping of the atrocities act.
the issue opened up ahead of the states assembly elections that took place soon after the congress rout in the general elections in 2014.
the congress-ncp government in the state then tried to win the marathas over by offering them reservations.
the move backfired badly.
first, the mumbai high court rejected it, and this week, the supreme court refused to entertain it.
this has put the incumbent fadnavis government in a fix since it too, in a rare bit of bravado, tried to pamper the marathas by extending reservations.
the only option the government has now, if it wants to honour the commitment, is to accommodate the marathas under the obc category since it cannot raise the quota beyond the stipulated limit.
thats easier said than done because this route guarantees an obc backlash the bjp cant afford to ignore.
sensing the situation the bjp is in, the maratha lobby is twisting the reservation knife a little further.
hence these huge rallies.
this makes the situation extremely volatile.
history is replete with examples that show how playing one community against another for political gains eventually leads to fires that are very difficult to douse.
developments in maharashtra indicate political parties refusal to learn from history.
b'despite deciding to reprint collected works of dr b r ambedkar as part of his 125th birth anniversary celebrations, the centre failed to do so as the maharashtra government could not provide a no objection certificate (noc).
however, maharashtra government is now close to reaching an agreement with prakash ambedkar, dr ambedkars grandson who holds the copyright for the english edition.
sources said the centre will be able to reprint it in a month.
the english edition of the ambedkars writings, which the ambedkar foundation reprints on behalf of the centre with an noc from the maharashtra government, ran into trouble when the noc was withdrawn due to protest from prakash ambedkar.
the maharashtra governments agreement with prakash ambedkar to publish collected works of dr ambedkar in english had lapsed and was not renewed.
maharashtra government withdrew the noc in july 2014.
in response to an rti filed by the indian express, the foundation said that 20,000 copies of the english edition were published with an noc from maharashtra government and all these copies were sold during 2013-14.
since then the union ministry of social justice and empowerment, under thawar chand gehlot, wrote at least half a dozen letters to maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis and his predecessor prithviraj chavan, without any response, the foundation claimed.
fadnavis forwarded these letters to states higher education department.
in october last year, gehlot also wrote to prakash ambedkar.
reacting to the issue, prakash ambedkar said monday, some things are to be decided by maharashtra government, not me.
government is working on it and i hope there will be clarity soon.
today, i spoke to cm devendrafadnavis and he told me that he will decide the matter within a week.
union minister ramvilas paswan also said that hell urge the government to make dr ambedkars writings available quickly.
watch video: whats making newsmaharashtras minister of higher education, vinod tawade, added: we are at the final stage of (reaching an) agreement.
we will soon finish it and in a month the reprinting of volumes will be possible.
when the indian express visited the ambedkar foundations office, neither english nor hindi edition of the publication was available.
we receive calls demanding these publications almost every alternate day, but we dont have a single set of these volumes , said a senior official .
the bjp will make maharashtra congress-mukt in the 2019 assembly elections, newly appointed state party president chandrakant patil said on wednesday.
advertisingpatil took charge in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis at the bjp headquarters in mumbai.
fadnavis, addressing party workers, said, in the last four and half years patil as a cabinet colleague has handled important portfolios such as revenue, agriculture and public works department.
but his base has always been organisational work.
therefore, his appointment as bjp state president will help in strengthening the organisation.
it will mark a new chapter as bjp always believes and works as a team.
shortly after taking charge, patil, speaking to the media, said, congress-mukt maharashtra is our main agenda.
we will make all efforts including getting into the organisation meritorious congress leaders.
explaining the centres decision to entrust the organisational charge to him, patil said, i was amongst the best available candidates.
therefore, the central leadership may have decided on my candidature for the bjp president post.
he dismissed talks about the partys decision to promote leadership from western maharashtra, arguing in the past we had raosaheb danve who represented marathwada region.
we have fadnavis who hails from vidarbha region.
the party chose me probably because i was among the best available candidates.
advertisingto questions on who would lead the 2019 assembly elections, patil said, the chief minister would lead the assembly elections.
and he would also play an important role assigned to him in organisational work.
the shiv sena and bjp will continue to have a pre-poll pact for the elections.
smaller allies will also be accommodated, he said.
the details related to seat-sharing and tie-up would be worked out by union home minister amit shah, fadnavis and sena president uddhav thackeray, he asserted.
asked if he was looking forward to a greater role like being cm in future, patil said, i have always believed in work assigned to me by the centre.
moreover, its not necessary that every party president becomes a cm.
im like an empty envelop.
whatever the central leaders assign, i sincerely follow.
as a full-time party worker for 13 years between 1982 and 92, i have travelled almost every taluka.
today, i have excellent rapport with grassroots workers who have risen politically to become elected members, ministers or office-bearers in their respective districts and talukas.
therefore, it would not be difficult to address their concerns or conflict if a situation arises, patil said.
jyotiraditya scindia during a roadshow on thursday.
amit chakravarty jyotiraditya scindia during a roadshow on thursday.
amit chakravartyleading a roadshow for the congress in the western suburbs thursday evening, parliamentarian from guna in madhya pradesh and former union minister jyotiraditya scindia said mumbais residents, caught between two allies pointing fingers at each other amid election-time mudslinging, would look for an alternative on the polling day.
scindia led a roadshow from saki naka to jogeshwari, endorsing four congress candidates.
today, the bmc is riddled with scams and corruption.
that is not acceptable to mumbaikars.
people will vote for the congress, as they want to be rid of such a betrayal, he told the indian express.
watch what else is making newsthe mp added, the sena and bjp leaders have been calling each other mafia and goons.
what good can they do for the city?
scindia also fired a salvo at chief minister devendrafadnavis , saying the government only made announcements but no development was visible on the ground.
what transparency and accountability are they talking about now?
they have been party to all the scams that took place in the bmc as an ally to the ruling shiv sena for the past 20 years, he said.
ridiculing the bjp leaders claims of a modi wave in mumbai, scindia said, in the four wards i visited during the show, there was no modi wave.
there are only holograms.
locals are facing lots and lots of civic issues  from water shortage to bad roads to lack of proper toilets.
congress candidates have been working at the ground level to get these resolved, i could see that.
ironically, majority of the locals in the areas scindia visited did not immediately recognise the mp.
the roadshow, which began from sakinaka, went up to jogeshwari and culminated in a public meeting at janata colony.
apart from scindia and mumbai congress chief sanjay nirupam, senior mumbai congress leader suresh shetty also participated in the roadshow.
saheblal kanojia from marol village in andheri, who was walking right behind the vehicle in which scindia and other leaders were standing, recognised shetty and nirupam but only recognised scindia as delhi ke bade neta (big politician from delhi).
i dont know his name, i was told that a big politician is coming for campaigning, said kanojia.
zuleka patel and asma karim, both residents of bandra plot in jogeshwari, too did not recognise scindia.
we are here to inform these politicians about the problems we are facing in this area.
our area has become a safe haven for drug peddlers.
water shortage is a major issue too.
we hope rahul (gandhi) ji will help us, patel said, pointing at scindia.
scindia was also scheduled to meet representative of mumbais business community, traders and shopkeepers but the meet had to be cancelled after the leader lost time as the cavalcade negotiated thick traffic following his campaign in jogeshwari.
farmers spill milk on the road in protest at pingli village in parbhani on sunday.
pti farmers spill milk on the road in protest at pingli village in parbhani on sunday.
ptivillagers of puntamba, are still trying to come to terms with the rapid turn of events that has catapulted their village into limelight over the last few days.
while the villagers are still continuing with the farmers strike, a sense of betrayal and disappointment hangs thick over the village.
located in rahata taluka of ahmednagar, puntamba had shot into limelight after its gram sabha passed a resolution on april 3 calling a farmers strike from june 1.
the idea had spread like wild fire and farmers across maharashtra had decided to go on a similar strike.
the strike also entailed stopping supplies of milk and vegetables to urban centers of pune and mumbai.
farmers had called for this strike to demand for loan waiver, implementation of the swaminathan committees report about fixing price of farm produce from the state government.
the strike was a resounding success from day one but the core committee formed to negotiate with the government decided to call off the strike early saturday after a late night marathon meeting with chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the decision did not go down well with the protesting farmers with participants from nashik, marathwada and some other places promising to continue the strike.
by late saturday, farmers across the state had decided to continue with the strike.
but the centre of focus had moved from puntamba, with farmers in nashik taking the lead.
in puntamba, villagers have continued with the strike but the initial enthusiasm seems to be missing.
suhas wadane, a local resident, said they were finding it difficult to cope with the rapid turn of events puntamba had shot into fame for the stance taken by us.
but the greed of a handful destroyed the whole movement, he said.
wadane said active political interference destroyed what was a farmers movement.
dhanjay jadhav, one of the earlier core committee members, has earned the maximum ire of villagers.
jadhav, a resident of the village, is supposed to be a bjp worker has been non-traceable since friday.
wadane and other villagers are now accusing the core committee of selling the movement out to the government.
meanwhile, leaders from various organisations have made a beeline for the village to express their support.
sambhajiraje patil, president of the farmers wing of maratha mahasangh, said the strike would continue with or without the core committee members.
its a farmers movement and we will continue this, he said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis appointed and transferred 17 ias officers in another bureaucratic reshuffle on monday.
the list of transfers included some officers who had been reshuffled only a few months ago.
principal secretary rajagopal devara (1992), who had been posted as the medical education and drug department secretary this january, will now head the protocol department.
the post has not had a full-time secretary, since sumit mullicks elevation to the chief secretarys post on february 28.
sanjay deshmukh (1998) has replaced him in the medical education and drugs department.
al jarhad (1997) has replaced deshmukh as mumbais additional municipal commissioner.
vijay singhal (1997), previously industries commissioner, has also been newly-appointed as mumbais additional civic commissioner.
dr harshdeep kamble (1997) has replaced him as the industries commissioner.
jagdish patil (1998) has been appointed the konkan divisional commissioner, vikas deshmukh (1998) the new secretary in agriculture, dairies and fisheries department.
shekhar gaikwad (2003) has been shifted out of the sangli collectors post to head the groundwater survey development agency.
the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda), in its budget for this year, has placed special focus on transport projects, mainly the metro rail projects currently underway.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday approved a budget of rs 6,976.
50 crore for the mmrda for 2017-18, a five per cent increase from the rs 6,647 crore that the authority had finalised for last year.
i want to ensure that anyone should be able to reach anywhere in one hour and the commute must be easy, comfortable and congestion-free.
the metro corridors are the future of this city.
mumbaikars should feel proud to use public transport rather than private vehicles.
use of public transport saves time, fuel and also improves environment, said fadnavis.
this year, the allocation for metro projects increased almost by fifty percent as compared to last year with more metro lines under construction now.
the mmrda has allocated rs 3210 crore for the citys upcoming seven metro lines rs.1,000 crore each for the under construction dahisar to dn nagar metro 2a and andheri (e) to dahisar (e) metro 7, rs. 800 crore for the underground colaba-bandra-seepz metro 3, rs 200 crore each for dn nagar to mandale metro 2b and wadala-ghatkopar-kasarvadavali metro 4 and rs 5 crore each for thane-bhiwandi-kalyan metro 5 and swami samarth nagar-jvlr-seepz-kanjurmarg -vikhroli eeh metro 6.
with the construction of mumbai trans harbour link from sewri to nhava sheva also to begin this year, a sum ofrs 1,200 crore has been set aside for it.
the much-delayed project received a push last year after prime minister narendra modi laid the foundation stone for it.
the surveys for the sea link have begun and mmrda plans to begin construction after the monsoon to complete it by 2019.
the long-pending phase ii of the monorail, which is set to be operational by the middle of this year, has also received rs 208 crore for speedy completion.
while the phase i connecting chembur with wadala sees poor ridership, mmrda hopes that the completion of phase ii will change the fortunes for the monorail.
meanwhile, funds allocated to several projects like dr br ambedkar memorial, wadala truck terminal, improvement of road network outside mmr and mithi river development and protection have drastically reduced from last year.
the ambedkar memorial at indu mills compound has received only a rs 50 crore allocation.
we recently got possession of the land and so we may not need more than rs 50 crore.
if there is a need later we can always make provisions for it.
this year we want to focus mainly on the metros as the primary need for mumbaikars, says dilip kawathkar, mmrda spokesperson.
the planning body has also cut down on the allocation for improvement of the bandra kurla complex by 55 percent, which it aims to transform into smart-bkc.
the allocation has been reduced to 75 crore from 171 crore.
it plans to connect the area with sion, bandra and kurla stations with electric/ hybrid buses.
to improve connectivity to bkc a provision of rs 50 crore has been made for the construction of an elevated road extending the santacruz-chembur link road up to vakola bridge on the western express highway.
a similar provision of rs 20 crore has been made to decongest chheda nagar junction in chembur by constructing two flyovers and an elevated road.
it has further allocated rs 700-crore for the development of mumbai metropolitan region, providing better connectivity with the help of flyovers, creek bridges and road network to mumbai and other areas.
the immense potential of the metropolitan region has attracted an allocation of rs.700 crore.
the region is full of opportunities and is attracting people, in turn, requiring infrastructure development on the whole.
the authority has been implementing various projects in this region like flyovers, robs, creek bridges and road network to develop the region, said mr ups madan, metropolitan commissioner, mmrda.
the palghar bypoll is important for the bjp to retain its edge in the tribal belt.
the palghar bypoll is important for the bjp to retain its edge in the tribal belt.
the shiv sena on tuesday fielded srinivas wanga, son of late bjp mp chintaman wanga, as its candidate for the palghar lok sabha bypoll in maharashra.
hours later, the bjp announced former congress minister rajendra gavit as its candidate  setting the stage for a bitter showdown between the two alliance partners in the state.
the palghar bypoll, scheduled on may 28, was necessitated following the death of chintaman wanga in january.
last thursday, wangas wife jayashree chintaman wanga and two sons  srinivas and prafulla  had joined sena, alleging injustice by the bjp.
he had alleged that the decision was conveyed to shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, who had then said his party wont field a candidate.
gavit, a tribal leader, formally joined the bjp at the party headquarters in mumbai in the presence of fadnavis.
speaking to mediapersons, fadnavis said on tuesday: come what may, we will win the elections the bjps victory will be a real tribute to chintaman wanga.
on bjp fielding a congress candidate, fadnavis said: the bjp has always inducted and promoted good candidates.
gavit is a senior tribal leader, who is committed to the development of the tribal belt.
he had played an important role in the creation of palghar district.
i was closely associated with creation of palghar in 2014.
i want to work for its development, gavit said.
when contacted, sena minister eknath shinde said: the sena had approached the wanga family members, as they were ignored by the bjp.
so, it is pointless to blame the sena.
if bjp can get congress candidate gavit, why cants we get a bjps wanga, said another sena leader.
state congress chief ashok chavan, reacting to the developments, said: people will not support gavit he will pay the price for betraying congress.
the congress, meanwhile, announced the candidature of former party mp damodar shingda for the bypoll.
the palghar bypoll is important for the bjp to retain its edge in the tribal belt.
in the 2014 lok sabha elections, out of the 48 seats, only four were reserved for scheduled tribes.
the bjp had won all four.
in the assembly elections, 25 of the 288 seats are reserved for sts.
in the 2014 state polls, bjp had won 11 of these seats, followed by congress five, ncps four, shiv senas three and one each by cpi(m) and bahujan vikas aghadi.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis warned voters against exercising franchise in favour of congress, ncp and shiv sena stating that bankrupt banks do not give any returns.
(pti photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis warned voters against exercising franchise in favour of congress, ncp and shiv sena stating that bankrupt banks do not give any returns.
(pti photo)equating bjp to a bank which offers good returns to investors, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said his party stands for progress and development and anyone casting vote in its favour will earn interest in the form of development.
bjp is that bank which stands for progress and development.
if you cast your vote to it (bjp) you will get interest in the form of development, fadnavis said in chiplun nearly 250 kms from mumbai where he attended an election campaign.
watch what else is making newsthe chief minister, in his typical style, also warned voters against exercising franchise in favour of congress, ncp and shiv sena stating that bankrupt banks do not give any returns.
but if you invest in other banks (referring to parties) opened by rahul gandhi, sharad pawar or uddhav thackeray, you will not get anything because their banks are bankrupt, said fadnavis.
the chief minister also spelled out development works carried out by the bjp government in last two years and explained various schemes started by the party for the welfare of poor.
the first phase of zilla parishad polls will be held on february 16.
(representational image) (representational image)an officer on special duty (osd) to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis fell victim to a cyber crime last week when a man created a fake profile in her name on facebook and claimed that she offered him money to influence his opinion of the cm.
nidhi kamdar (30), osd for social media to fadnavis, noticed on june 3 that a person named dev gaikwad had posted a screenshot of an alleged facebook conversation with kamdar on his facebook account in which she allegedly offers him money.
in her complaint to the police, kamdar has said that her facebook profile seen in the screenshot is fake and it has been created by gaikwad using her name and picture.
in gaikwads post, a message allegedly from kamdars profile, read, give me your account number and i expect that within 24 hours, your opinion of maharashtras chief minister devendrafadnavis will change.
accused dev gaikwads post commenting on the offer of money on the fake fb account of the osd.
accused dev gaikwads post commenting on the offer of money on the fake fb account of the osd.
in her complaint to the marine drive police station, kamdar has also alleged that gaikwad commented on the alleged fabricated conversation saying, when someone like me who writes 3-4 lines on facebook gets such an offer from fadnavis osd, imagine what those individuals going to discuss calling off the farmers strike must be offered.
kamdar lodged a police complaint on june 5.
gaikwad hasbeen booked for cheating by personation, using a word or gesture intended to outrage the modesty of a woman and defamation under the indian penal code.
we have registered a case against the person on june 5 and our investigation is underway, said a senior police official.
after registering her complaint, kamdar took to facebook on wednesday to clear the air.
dismissing gaikwads post as cheap, baseless and mischievous, she said that she had initiated criminal action against him for the low grade, cheap act of insulting, defaming, harassing, disrespecting and outraging the modesty of a woman.
nidhi kamdars response to gaikwads post.
nidhi kamdars response to gaikwads post.
she also clarified that she did not know gaikwad, who she said, is a member of a rival political party, and had never communicated with him before.
the image seen in the post is created in some app or graphic designing software, she wrote.
kamdar added in her facebook post that she was worried for every woman who has a threat from such anti social, senseless inhuman creatures who not only posted (defamatory material) but he and his friends also went to lowest possible level to comment worst things to harm (her) dignity without having any factual knowledge or info.
adding that no woman must ever face such harassment, kamdar wrote that gaikwads intent was to invoke unrest, spread rumours and spoil the harmony of the state and to mislead the farmers, masses at large.
speaking to the indian express, kamdar said at least 25 to 30 friends of gaikwad had written abusive comments below his post.
he has taken it to another low and i will never tolerate it.
it is cheap and disgusting, she said.
b'according to officials in the water conservation department, the total villages where jalyukta shivar work has been undertaken are 16,521.
the total projects in these villages were 4.
98 lakhs.
.
express file photo according to officials in the water conservation department, the total villages where jalyukta shivar work has been undertaken are 16,521.
the total projects in these villages were 4.
98 lakhs.
.
express file photodata from the department of water conservation shows a steady decline in water tankers in drought-hit villages where jalyukta shivar works were completed.
in 12,000 villages which have become water reliant, only 152 tankers were needed during the four months of summer this year.
data for the same period in these villages during summer in 2015 was 6,140 tankers.
in 2016, tanker deployment came down to 1,379 and in 2017, they dwindled to 366.
by the end of summer this year, it was all time low of 152 tankers.
chief minister devendrafadnavis initiated the jalyukta shivar in 2015.
of the total 40,913 villages, 25,000 villages were drought prone.
according to officials in the water conservation department, the total villages where jalyukta shivar work has been undertaken are 16,521.
the total projects in these villages were 4.
98 lakhs.
fadnavis said, the success of jalyukta shivar is public partnership.
it has become a mass movement where villagers lend support through physical labour (shramdan) and monetary contributions.
there is a great sense of ownership to the project which makes its unique and sustainable.
according to sources in the water conservation department, the total expenditure incurred on 4.
98 lakh works in 16,521 villages does not exceed rs 7258 crore in three years.
public contribution for the project for last three years was rs 630.
62 crore.
the number of projects completed through public participation was 10,522.
union minister for finance, corporate affairs and defence, arun jaitley is greeted by chief minister of maharashtra, devendrafadnavis at a meeting in new delhi on friday.
(source: pti) union minister for finance, corporate affairs and defence, arun jaitley is greeted by chief minister of maharashtra, devendrafadnavis at a meeting in new delhi on friday.
(source: pti)the maharashtra government has asked the centre for an institutional credit mechanism to help the 31 lakh farmers who cannot avail crop loans due to pending debts.
chief minister devendrafadnavis led a delegation of senior bjp and shiv sena ministers and elected members to meet union finance minister arun jaitley and union agriculture minister radha mohan singh in new delhi, friday.
at the end of the meeting, fadnavis said, jaitleyji has assured me he will positively consider all the demands.
the participation of the shiv sena in the delegation indicated that fadnavis is trying to diffuse the conflict among the alliance partners ahead of the state budget 2017-18 presentation on saturday.
the sena, along with the congress and ncp, had threatened to block the state budget unless their demand of crop loan waiver was accepted by fadnavis.
apart from seeking financial aid from the centre, the larger purpose of the meeting was to bring the sena into the fold to put up a united front in the state legislature assembly and council in the ongoing session.
congress and ncp have been systematically working to expose the sena and bjp divide in the current session.
at the meeting, two of the key issues raised by the delegation were: the centre should evolve an institutional credit mechanism to bring maximum farmers in the crop loan bracket and the centre and state can together work to address the problems of the farmers who are being left out of the credit loan because of long standing dues.
fadnavis said, there are 31 lakh farmers in maharashtra who cannot avail crop loans due to debt.
now, their outstanding loans amount to rs 30,500 crore.
while the state government is not against the loan waiver, it is not economically feasible to write-off the loans of such magnitude immediately as it would have an adverse impact on the ongoing policies and projects undertaken to help the agriculture sector and make farmers self reliant.
at the meeting, fadnavis gave details about the states agriculture status and challenges.
he said, the centre will have to work out a mechanism to help the state to address the problems of farmers.
there are 1.
08 crore farmers in maharashtra who have availed the crop loan worth rs 1.
05 lakh crore.
apart from these, there are 31 lakh farmers whose dues amount to rs 30,500 crore.
of the total enhanced capital expenditure budget of rs 31,000 crore, rs 19,000 crore has been spent on the agriculture sector.
fadnavis told jaitely that the state government has made higher allocations in the agriculture infrastructure in the last two-and-a-half years.
the drought led to the government disbursing rs 11,000 crore to farmers in relief and rehabilitation.
sena ministers eknath shinde, subash desai, ramdas kadam and diwakar raote, along with sena elected members, accompanied fadnavis to delhi.
senior bjp ministers pandurang phundkar and subash deshmukh also attended the meeting.
shinde said, fadnavis has taken the initiative to seek the centres help.
we expect the centre to come out with a solution to crop loan waiver.
we dont want policies or programmes.
the congress and ncp appeared divided.
a senior leader said, in the past, the bjp had disrupted ajit pawars first budget presentation.
now, we have valid reason to do the same.
chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis will launch the redevelopment project of the british-era bombay development directorate (bdd) chawls in the city on april 22, an official from the housing department said on thursday.
the maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada), the nodal agency for the project, had shortlisted l&t realty and shapoorji pallonji for carrying out redevelopment of the chawls located at naigaum and nm joshi marg area respectively, the official said.
the tender for bdd chawls at worli has been floated and will be finalised in the next three months.
the decision on the bdd chawls in sewri is still pending as they are located on the central government land and redevelopment rules of the state dont apply to them, the official said.
a special notification was issued for the redevelopment of these chawls in december last year, which granted a special fsi of four for the project and has also waived a crucial condition of seeking consent of 70 per cent of the tenants for the project.
once the redevelopment is done, each of them will get a house of 500 sq ft, up from the current 160 sq ft, he said.
according to the official, the project will take 7 years to complete and since there are transit accommodations available at both the sites, tenants will be shifted out in a phase wise manner and work will be conducted.
nearly 80,000 people live in 207 bdd chawls.
the government has spent rs 143.
53 crore on repairs of these chawls between 2007 and 2014.
thirty-two bdd chawls are located on nm joshi marg and 42 in naigaum.
the bhoomipujan will be conducted at jambhoree maidan in worli on saturday, he said.
after facing unexpected competition from a bjp-supported candidate in the 2014 general elections, this time, the ncp is treading cautiously to retain the baramati seat  the hometurf of ncp chief sharad pawar and represented by his daughter supriya sule in the lok sabha.
advertisingsince the last few months, sule has been reaching out to voters by visiting the localities and housing societies in her parliamentary constitutency, while other senior party leaders, including her cousin ajit pawar, have been devoting more time in baramati constituency.
on sunday, the ncp had organised a public rally, nirdhar yatra, in vadgaon budhruk on sinhagad road in the khadakwasla assembly segment, which is part of the baramati parliamentary constituency.
party leader chhagan bhujbal, state ncp chief jayant patil, ajit pawar and sule had addressed the gathering.
pawar said sule had been working hard for the people of her constituency, but received less votes than her rival in the khadakwasla assembly segment.
she got 28,000 less vote from the khadakwasla assembly segment area in the previous lok sabha polls.
you gave votes to vhp-supported mahadev jankar.
will prime minister narendra modi or chief minister devendrafadnavis sort out your issues?
sule is fighting for you all the time by taking up your issues, pawar said, urging the public to stand by her in the lok sabha polls.
advertisinghe said the people gave the bjp a complete hold by electing only bjp candidates in the eight assembly seats in pune in 2014, which neither the congress nor ncp ever got, but the problems of the city are mounting as those in power have failed to resolve them.
bhujbal said the bjp was trying to divert attention from its failure by creating communal divide, and urged people not to fall for their election gimmicks.
people should not forget that their mp was felicitated as the best parliamentarian recently for her work, he said.
sule had managed to get 5,21,562 voters in the 2014 lok sabha elections, while jankar of rashtriya samaj paksha (rsp) with the bjps support had received 4,51,843 votes.
the margin of 69,719 votes for the winning candidate was the lowest in baramati parliamentary constituency, which was represented for years by sharad pawar till 2009.
six assembly segments  daund, indapur, baramati, purandar, bhor and khadakwasla  fall in the baramati parliamentary constituency.
in 2014 lok sabha polls, sule had received less votes in the three assembly segments of daund, purandar and khadakwasla, making it a cause of concern for the ncp.
she had got 28,127 less votes in khadakwasla, 25,548 less in daund and and 5,636 less votes in purandar than jankar, but got elected by garnering maximum votes from baramati, indapur and bhor assembly segments.
later, the ncp could win only two of the six assembly seats in 2014 state assembly election, the others being won by the bjp, shiv sena, rsp and congress each.
now, the baramati parliamentary constituency has witnessed an increase of 1.
65 lakh voters with the maximum number in the khadakwasla assembly segment.
dairies in state have said they will not be able to immediately increase the procurement price of milk, despite the subsidy by the government and rising prices of skimmed milk powder (smp).
advertisinga group of dairy owners recently wrote to the state government and expressed their inability to pay anything more than the current rate of rs 20 per litre.
rajiv mitra, managing director of govind milk and milk products, said this was the optimum amount dairies could pay.
the smp prices should remain at this level for some time to enable us to pay more to our farmers, he said.
dairies were supposed to pay a procurement price of rs 25 per litre, of which rs 5 was to be reimbursed to them by the government.
advertisingdairy owners say that the disbursal process is slow and the reimbursement amount has been pending since november last year.
due to the slow pace of disbursal, dairies have again started paying farmers rs 20 per litre.
in karnataka, the state government is paying an incentive of rs 5 per litre, and there is a proposal to increase it to rs 6.
dairies in maharashtra say this constant government support allows their counterparts in karnataka to offset a portion of their operating expenses.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis during election victory celebrations at bjp office, nariman point on saturday.
express photo by ganesh shirsekar, 25th february 2017, mumbai.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis during election victory celebrations at bjp office, nariman point on saturday.
express photo by ganesh shirsekar, 25th february 2017, mumbai.
the bjp cannot throw its ideology to the wind and shake hands with the congress just to get hold of the cash-rich bmc, he said, addressing a rally in mumbai.
to us what matters most is the pledge we made to the people of mumbai who reposed their trust in us to provide a corrupt-free and transparent bmc, he said.
expressing his gratitude to mumbaikars for their support, he said, the bjp pulled off a brilliant victory in girgaum, which was often considered the senas forte with a majority of the population being marathis.
it is evident that marathis, north indians, gujaratis, people from the eastern states, minorities, south indians supported the bjp in the civic polls.
on saturday morning, fadnavis along with minister of finance sudhir mungantiwar, public works department minister chandrakant patil, education minister vinod tawde and mumbai bjp chief ashish shelar, among others, went to chhatrapati shivaji fort at raigad to offer tribute and seek blessings after the partys results across 10 municipal corporations, 25 zilla parishads and 283 panchayat samitis.
chief minister devendrafadnavis at the birthplace of veer savarkar at bhagur in nashik on sunday.
express chief minister devendrafadnavis at the birthplace of veer savarkar at bhagur in nashik on sunday.
expresson sunday, which was also the 134th birth anniversary of hindutva ideologue veer damodar savarkar, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis visited his residence at bhagur in nashik district.
taking darshan of bharatmatas brave son swatantrayaveer savarkars house was as sacred as visiting a temple.
i experienced amazing vibes, said fadnavis.
the bjp celebrated his birth anniversary across maharashtra.
fadnavis was accompanied to savarkars birthplace by nashiks guardian minister girish mahajan, and the partys elected representatives from the district.
counting savarkar among indias bravest freedom fighters, fadnavis said, veer savarkar dedicated his entire life to free the country from the clutches of british rule.
he was an inspiration for all freedom fighters.
to terrorise the freedom fighters, the british repeatedly attempted to demoralise him but he did not succumb, said fadnavis.
fadnavis even visited a memorial built after savarkar at his birthplace.
his government has already set aside rs 65 crore for the memorials upkeep.
(sic) inaugurated an exhibition of rare book collections of veer savarkar.
ive assured goms (government of maharashtras) support to preserve the valuable asset of our freedom struggle, fadnavis later tweeted.
ally shiv sena, on the other hand, reiterated its demand to confer a bharat ratna for savarkar.
the sangh parivar and its supporters have always complained that savarkar was denied his rightful place in the countrys history by hostile congress governments.
fadnavis fired another salvo in this regard sunday.
he (savarkar) continued to serve the nation despite braving several insults and injustice.
it remains a regret that even after independence, he was not given his due, fadnavis said.
even when he was incarcerated (for 10 years from 1911) in the andaman and nicobar islands, savarkar continued to provide nationalism lessons to other inmates.
his contribution in restoring the glory of the marathi language has also been immense, said fadnavis.
projecting savarkar as a freedom fighter who knew no caste or creed, fadnavis announced to a gathering at savarkars birthplace that a glowing tribute to him would be to strive towards an end to caste discrimination.
dr br ambedkar dr br ambedkarthe restoration work at a four-storey victorian building in london, used by babasaheb ambedkar during his student days in the uk, will be completed by july, a senior maharastra minister has said as he set up a committee to oversee the completion work at the memorial.
the international memorial is inspired from the life of eminent jurist and social reformer during his student days at the london school of economics (lse) in 1921-22.
rajkumar s badole, maharashtras minister for social justice, during his four-day visit to london this week, convened the first meeting of the advisory committee set up to oversee the restoration work at the babasaheb ambedkar international memorial.
watch what else is making news:the meeting was chaired by indian high commissioner to the uk yashvardhan kumar sinha.
the six-room, four-storey victorian home at 10 king henrys road in north london was acquired by the maharashtra government in august 2015 and its ground floor has already been renovated and open to the public as a memorial.
it was decided at the meeting to accelerate the pace of work on the rest of the building.
the committee has put forward a number of proposals, which will now be implemented, badole told media on wednesday.
the plans are being financed by the maharashtra governments budget of rs 10 crores set aside for the 125th birth anniversary celebrations of ambedkar.
the memorial will include a library-cum-conference room for visitors, a multi-media space to project archival audios and videos from ambedkars life and his old bedroom to be restored to the way it was back in his student days.
the memorial will be inspired from his life.
we will be hiring a curator once the main refurbishment work is complete, badole added.
the minister also held follow up talks with the south asia centre at lse for the purpose of setting up a permanent chair in the name of babasaheb ambedkar as well as two scholarships for students from maharashtra who study at lse.
the state government hopes the fully completed memorial will be ready to be unveiled by july this year, he said.
the 10 king henrys road townhouse on a leafy street in chalk farm area of north london had gone up for sale in 2014.
london-based fabo uk had written to the indian government to purchase the property as a historically relevant monument and make it a focal point to spread dr ambedkars message about equality, human rights and social justice.
the decision for to purchase the home was cleared by chief minister devendrafadnavis and it became one of the focal points of prime minister narendra modis visit to the uk in november 2015.
b'the maharashtra state medical teachers association (msmta), headed by dr s g tambe, has also written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , urging him to cancel chandanwales transfer.
(express photo) the maharashtra state medical teachers association (msmta), headed by dr s g tambe, has also written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , urging him to cancel chandanwales transfer.
(express photo)over 500 teaching and non-teaching staff of b j medical college have signed a petition, urging dr pravin shingare, director of medical education, to cancel the transfer order of dean dr ajay chandanwale.
chandanwale, who has been transferred to the grant medical college in mumbai, said he had been informed about the transfer and was awaiting further orders.
the maharashtra state medical teachers association (msmta), headed by dr s g tambe, has also written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , urging him to cancel chandanwales transfer.
in the letter, association members have highlighted the role played by chandanwale in the last seven years during his tenure as dean of the b j medical college and sassoon general hospital.
according to dr amol shinde and dr harish tatiya, members of msmta, the teaching and non-teaching staff wanted chandanwale to stay as the college had the right pace and momentum to work for better projects and for the welfare of patients.
the association members have listed the achievements of the dean, such as setting up a 59-bed neonatal intensive care unit, ensuring donation of medical instruments worth rs 85 crore from over 30 companies, renovation of hostels and giving a fillip to the organ donation programme.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on friday exhorted party ministers and top leaders to aggressively campaign for the ensuing municipal corporation and zilla parishad polls in maharashtra, notwithstanding the ongoing alliance talks with bjp.
uddhav ji has given a strict warning to all ministers to extensively participate in the local body polls.
sena ministers will go to every nook and corner of the state for campaigning.
uddhav ji himself will be watching the polls closely, environment minister ramdas kadam told reporters after attending a meeting of party ministers with thackeray.
watch what else is making news:also present at the meeting were subhash desai, deepak sawant, deepak kesarkar, vijay shivtare, arjun khotkar, besides other sena legislators.
party mp anil desai said bjp has shown an inclination for alliance with sena and that the tie-up should not be limited to a place but for all civic bodies.
we have done good work together in mumbai and there is transparency in that.
soon, official talks for alliance will start, desai said.
a senior sena leader, who was present at the meeting, said the sena chief expressed strong displeasure with those ministers who did not take part in the recently held local body polls.
uddhav ji was clear.
he asked all ministers to aggressively campaign, irrespective of an alliance with bjp.
he said he will personally monitor the campaigns, the leader said.
even as chief minister devendrafadnavis , while addressing party office bearers at thane on thursday, had argued in favour of a pre-poll alliance with ally sena, some anonymous bjp workers and supporters put up banners with contrary stand outside the meeting venue at teen hath naka.
one of the posters read yuti nakarathanyachya vikasacha marg prashasth kara amhi thanekar (say no to alliance with sena, pave the way for development of thane.
we thanekars).
it was put up right next to the banner of bjp mla and partys thane unit in-charge, sanjay kelkar.
in a counter-reply, the sena put posters on social media stating- nako yuti (do not want alliance), hawe swabal (want our own strength), punha anu bhagwe wadal (saffron storm again).
five years after a comptroller and auditor general of indias report questioned the allotment of prime land in mumbai to charitable organisations linked to politicians at throwaway prices, the maharashtra government has finally decided to do away with the existing policy in this regard.
advertisingslashing some of its own discretionary powers, it has decided to issue guidelines regarding such land allotments.
in 2013, a cag report had found violations of terms of allotment  ranging from not using the plot for the purpose allotted within the set deadline, delay in payment of premium or interest and illegal change of use  in several cases, most of which involved concessional allotments made to trusts backed by top politicians and celebrities.
the cag had also pointed out that a majority of these allotments were made in an arbitrary fashion.
there was a lot of discretion involved.
there were no fixed guidelines.
the allotments were on the basis of the notifications formulated three to four decades ago, a senior official said.
it was in 2016 when chief minister devendrafadnavis had first declared plans to formulate the new policy after a controversy had broken out over one such allotment in the suburbs of mumbai to a trust backed by a sitting bjp parliamentarian.
but nothing much was done thereafter.
advertisinglater, on april 16, 2018, the supreme court, while hearing a related petition, had also come down on the state government for failing to formulate concrete guidelines.
in our opinion, it would be appropriate if the government of maharashtra frames a policy which stands scrutiny of article 14 of the constitution.
prime facie various notifications placed on record do not indicate any policy for allotment of land to the charitable institutions.
in the meanwhile, no allotments should be made on the basis of existing notifications, the top court had stated.
following the courts rap, the states bureaucracy swung into action, formulating a new policy, which has now been cleared by the states cabinet as well.
sources said that this will be rolled out in the coming days.
under the new policy, the government has made it mandatory for officials to issue public advertisements, announcing its intention to allot land for charitable purposes and making it open for all eligible organisations and institutions.
sources said the new policy will be applicable for all allotments made for charitable purposes  including those for setting up hospitals, colleges and schools.
it will be applied all across the state.
ironically, the government has retained the discretion of exempting the procedure in case of allotments of land to be made to esteemed public charitable organisations or for allotments made for research related purposes.
it has also allowed officials to waive off the procedure in cases of land exchange proposals for vital development proposals.
earlier on july 10, 2019, the government informed the supreme court that it will consider any request for grant of government land strictly in terms of the new policy.
in the case of land in mumbai, sources, however, said there werent many revenue lands left for allotment at all.
b'cpm leader sitaram yechuri along with farmers gathering at azad maidan on monday.
(express photo by prashant nadkar) cpm leader sitaram yechuri along with farmers gathering at azad maidan on monday.
(express photo by prashant nadkar)sitaram yechury on tuesday warned the bjp-led maharashtra government of a mass movement if the demands of the farmers were not fulfilled within six months.
this time there were written agreements over the demands.
the government now has six months time.
if they do not meet the demands of the farmers, the next stage of this protest will not stay confined to farmers alone.
it will be a mass movement, the cpi(m) general secretary said, according to news agency ani.
an estimated 40,000 farmers, many of them tribals, marched from nashik to mumbai, covering a 180-km stretch in six days, to reach vidhan sabha on monday and raise their demands.
the state government monday accepted most of their demands, including their right to cultivate forest land and extension of farm loan waiver to those who had borrowed money between 2001 and 2008.
taking a dig at the bjp and the nda government, yechury, as quoted by ani, further said while the bjp wanted an opposition-free india, farmers wanted a debt-free country.
bjp & govt want vipaksh mukt bharat, our & farmers demand is karza mukt bharat.
in 2016, more than one lakh farmers had protested in nashik over the same issue.
this long march started after govt went back on their promises back then, he said.
earlier, addressing the farmers at the azad maidan in mumbai on monday, the cpi-m general secretary said, we will continue our fight until we manage to stop farmers suicides.
while the government is giving a waiver to corporates, it is refusing the same to farmers.
yechury also censured prime minister narendra modi for not taking action against corporates who are looting the country.
read | farmers celebrate win: first time we have something on paperwhile accepting the farmers demands, the government said the issue of forest land transfer rights would be resolved within six months, and a committee would be set up with two representatives from akhil bharatiya kisan sabha to look into problems of loan waiver.
b'bhumata brigade, led by trupti desai, had on january 26 made a high-voltage attempt to breach a similar ban at the shani shingnapur temple.
(file photo) bhumata brigade, led by trupti desai, had on january 26 made a high-voltage attempt to breach a similar ban at the shani shingnapur temple.
(file photo)keeping up the campaign against gender bias at places of worship, around 150 women under the banner of bhumata brigade today left for the famous trimbakeshwar temple in nashik district in maharashtra seeking to break the bar on female devotees at the inner sanctum of the lord shiva shrine.
the outfit led by trupti desai had on january 26 made a high-voltage attempt to breach a similar ban at the shanishingnapur temple in ahamednagar district but vowed to carry on with its campaign for gender justice.
choosing the occasion of maha shivratri to resume their campaign, the outfit urged the authorities not to block them as they had done during the earlier march.
locals oppose entry of a bhumata brigade supporter in trimbakeshwar temple in nashik (maharashtra) pic.
twitter.com/tp1uf0acpg  ani (@ani_news) march 7, 2016the ancient temple in trimbak town, located 30 km from nashik, houses one of the 12 jyotirlingas.
the shrine has been turned into a fortress in view of the country-wide terror alert and also because of the flow of lakhs of devotees on account of the festival of maha shivratri.
desai, president of bhumata brigade, who left pune with nearly 150-175 activists as part of her plan to push for entry of women into the garbhagriha (sanctum sanctorum) of the temple, urged chief minister devendrafadnavis to make sure that their members are not detained on the way, as the authorities did during the earlier campaign.
since chief minister had supported us on the shani shinganapur issue, we hope that we are not stopped today andwill be allowed to enter the garbhagriha, desai.
also, since a high alert has been announced, nashik police had requested us not to come in buses.
hence we are going by small vehicles.
we have even reduced our women members and there are only 150-175 women, who will try to enter the sanctum in a peaceful manner, desai said.
she also expects police to lead them to the sanctum under complete bandobast in order to avoid a law and order situation.
on this auspicious day, we feel that the local administration will allow us inside the inner chamber of the temple and if we are restricted, it would be an insult to women on the eve of international womens day and on the day of maha shivratri, said desai, who left for nashik this morning.
nashik rural police tightened security around the temple in the pilgrimage town to avoid a face-off similar to what happened at supa village on january 26, when the women activists were proceeding towards shingnapur.
we have deployed extra police force and also put barricades to restrict activists of bhumata brigade with a view to maintain law and order of this small town, deputy sp, praveen munde said.
meanwhile, right-wing organisations including mahila dakshata samiti, sharada mahila mandal, purohit sangh and others have came together and decided to stop the activists before they reach the temple.
according to kailas ghule, member of the trimbakeshwar temple trust, the bar on entry of women into the sanctum sanctorum is an age-old tradition and not something enforced in recent times.
women, however, can have darshan from outside the core area.
he said men too are not allowed into the core worship area for an hour between 6-7 am on all days.
as per tradition, only men are allowed entry into the area where the main linga is placed, that too by adorning a specific gear called the sovala (silk clothing).
also, some priests in the temple town said most of the women devotees may not want to defy the tradition.
seeking to give a scientific angle to the practice, they said there are certain rays that concentrate in the core area which could probably be harmful to the health of women.
desai had stirred a national debate on gender bias at various temples across the country with her attempt to enter the inner platform (chauthara) at the shingnapur temple where women are traditionally not allowed to worship.
the rights groups march joined by over 400 women, hailing from pune was stalled on the republic day when police stopped the marchers at supa village, 70 km away from the shrine.
a mediation effort on the part of spiritual guru sri sri ravishankar also had failed to end the deadlock on the issue with desai refusing to accept the tirupati model of darshan that would keep both men and women away from the inner sanctum which houses a rock idol of lord shani.
(file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis here on thursday inaugurated the building of maharashtras anti-terror unit force one which houses a training centre and hostel for the state commandos.
built at a budget of rs 85 crore by maharashtra police welfare and housing corporation, the structure has a specialised training institute for commandos besides a hostel facility for 140 personnel, and a 100 metre long firing range.
speaking on the occasion, fadnavis said force one, an elite commando force was set up on the lines of national security guards (nsg).
its a matter of great pride and happiness that maharashtra has extremely good and professional units like force one, he said.
appreciating the commandos, who displayed their rappelling skills during the inaugural ceremony, cm said, in movies you do it after repeated takes, with protection of all kinds and editing, but to do rappelling better than them in real life on such a huge building, so smoothly, it is extremely courageous.
such good and sophisticated training has been given here, he said.
i am sure, as long as we have a force like this, we have the strength to tackle any enemy, he added.
also present were minister ravindra waikar, maharashtra dgp satish mathur, mumbai police commissioner datta padsalgikar and other senior police officials.
the force one was formed to reduce the response time in case of a terror attack here as it took nine hours for the nsg to fly to mumbai to take charge of the troubled sites during the dastardly 26/11 terror attacks in the city, which left 166 people dead and over 300 injured.
in the government resolution pertaining to force one formulation, it was specified this force should be used only for fighting terrorism in the state and not for any other activities, unlike nsg which is also being used for the security of vips and politicians.
advertisingbest officials said the free bus service was started in the evening from mtnl building near gandhi market to kings circle station where two foot overbridges have been closed by the civic body.
as there was a specific demand from the area, we started the bus service there immediately, a best official said.
the shutting of the two bridges was causing a lot of inconvenience to people as the area is also a chronic flooding spot.
so, i raised the issue with the civic chief asking him to start the free bus service.
the bus service was started at 4 pm on thursday, said nehal shah, local bjp corporator.
in all, 29 bridges have been closed in the city.
but to ban private parking and start free bus service, the situation near each bridge needs to be assessed.
we may not need to start free bus services near all the bridges, said an official from the bridges department of the bmc.
we will need inputs from the traffic police on the congestion and parking problems around these bridges.
we will soon have a meeting of all stakeholders and take a decision, another official said.
leader of opposition in the assembly, vijay wadettiwar, on friday said he had rejected an invite from shiv sena chief uddhav thackerays personal assistant to join the ruling party.
he further claimed he had not received any call from varsha or matoshree with offers to join the bjp or the shiv sena.
advertisingvarsha is the official residence of chief minister devendrafadnavis while matoshree is the home of thackeray in mumbai.
i have not got calls from varsha or matoshree.
i had received 20-24 calls from uddhav thackerays pa milind narvekar.
i picked up just two calls and i straight away rejected his offer to join the party (sena), wadettiwar said in nagpur.
speaking on fadnavis mahajanadesh yatra, wadettiwar said the programme was a yatra of misdeeds as the state government had failed to provide relief to farmers and other sections of society across all fronts.
unemployment had increased, industries were shutting down, and farmers were still waiting for their loans to be written off, the senior leader alleged.
chinese ambassador to india luo zhaohui during an interview in new delhi on tuesday.
pti photo chinese ambassador to india luo zhaohui during an interview in new delhi on tuesday.
pti photoever since the stand-off between india and china, the movements of chinese ambassador to india luo zhaohui have aroused curiosity.
zhaohui not only called on rahul gandhi but has also met other opposition leaders: west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee, kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan, former assam chief minister tarun gogoi, his son gaurav.
he also met former national security advisor shivshankar menon and even the darjeeling district magistrate.
an unusual trip, which went unnoticed, was that of zhaohuis wife, counsellor dr jiang yili, who flew to bhutan and called on the royalty there, including the queen mother.
such a visit is reportedly unprecedented since china has no diplomatic ties with bhutan.
too many cooksif you add the 20-odd congress spokespersons to its 30-odd media panellists, their combined strength exceeds the 44 mps the party has in the lok sabha.
despite, or because of, the huge number of spokespersons, goof-ups keep occurring.
recently, the congress first denied that vice-president rahul gandhi had met the chinese ambassador and, later, to much embarrassment, confirmed the meeting.
after the bungling, randeep surjewala, the communication department head, on behalf of rahul, announced the formation of a national media coordination group to bridge the communication gap.
ironically, the group consisted of even more unfamiliar names such as sanjeev singh, anil chaudhary and rohan gupta.
within a week, janardhan dwivedi announced a new team, this time at the behest of sonia gandhi, and comprising eight heavyweights  mani shankar aiyar, mallikarjun kharge, jairam ramesh, p chidambaram, anand sharma, ghulam nabi azad, jyotiraditya scindia and sushmita dev.
this team is to meet daily and assist the communication department.
does the right hand of the communications team know what the left is doing?
aides suspiciouswith the cbi swooping down on lalu prasad and his kin for alleged corruption involving among others, land deals, ownership of patnas biggest mall and the management of two hotels in puri and ranchi, the rattled rjd leader has hastily set up a crisis management group to deal with the cases filed by law enforcement agencies.
some in lalus team want five-time rajya sabha mp prem chand gupta, his long-time man friday and financial adviser, kept out of the strategy sessions.
they fear that since guptas wife sarla is an accused in the land deal, the cbi could persuade her to turn approver so that she is let off the hook.
casting a spellbollywood is normally in awe of political bigwigs, but in the case of shanoo sharma, mumbais most powerful casting director, the boot is on the other foot.
sharma, credited with discovering stars such as ranveer singh, works on behalf of many big producers.
the kin of several political heavyweights, keen to break into bollywood, have exerted their clout to get introduced to her.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis wife amruta (an aspiring playback singer), ram vilas paswans son chirag (once keen to be a movie star but now a politician) and former gujarat cm anandiben patels granddaughter sanskruti (a model) are among those who have sought out sharma.
possible changesthe additional secretary in the department of financial services, girish chandra murmu, is known to be close to bjp president amit shah.
since murmu has not been empanelled as a full secretary, the buzz in babudom is that he will be transferred back to gujarat, perhaps to take over as the chief principal secretary to the chief minister.
the post has been held for several years by k kailashnathan, prime minister narendra modis trusted aide when he served as the gujarat chief minister, and who continues to be modis eyes and ears in the state.
kailashnathan may then move to delhi.
the transfers could take place before or after the gujarat elections.
request to order?
telangana and andhra pradesh governor e s l narasimhan, while congratulating fellow governor ram nath kovind on being picked the nda presidential nominee, could not resist a joke.
narasimhan, as doyen of the governors, being the senior-most, is expected to voice the views of his colleagues to the president and government.
kovind had several times requested narasimhan to take up the issue of hiking governors allowances as they do not stand to benefit from the pay commission recommendations.
narasimhan joked that as president, kovind would be in a position to fulfill his own earlier demand.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has emerged as the main political beneficiary of the bombay high court verdict upholding the reservation brought in by him for the maratha community in educations and jobs, even though the court downsised the quota from 16 per cent to 12 per cent for education and 13 percent for public jobs.
advertisingfadnavis is a brahmin chief minister in a state where the marathas are the single biggest voting bloc.
since 2014, he had received a lot of flak for the delay in bringing in the maratha quota.
his success in ensuring that the maratha quota passed the legal test after two previous unsuccessful attempts, once by the congress-ncp at the end of its term in 2014, and his own governments that same year, will help elevate fadnavis stature in the states political scene.
read | bombay high court upholds maratha reservation but says 16  not justifiableadvertisingthe numerical strength of the marathas is such that they have the potential to swing the outcome in nearly 200 of the states 288 assembly seats.
the fact that maratha leaders from the congress and ncp failed to get reservation for the community and it was a brahmin-led bjp government that finally managed to see it through, will play in favour of both fadnavis and the bjp as the state heads into polls later this year.
but the fadnavis governments challenge now would be to convince that the reservation to maratha does not hurt the obcs, their biggest voter group since 2014.
mindful of this, fadnavis, during his speech in the house, remarked, the quota is over and above the constitutional reservations.
it does not impact the quota for the obcs in any way.
amid several senior leaders of the opposition congress and ncp joining the bjp, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday indicated that those inducted constitute just about two per cent of the ruling partys current strength of leaders.
advertisingfadnavis also said there is no need of an astrologer to predict the bleak future of the congress and ncp.
he was speaking to reporters in latur district as a part of his mahajanadesh yatra, a mass outreach programme ahead of the upcoming state assembly polls, which would conclude in solapur later in the evening.
when a reporter asked about the future of the bjp loyalists among newcomers crowding the saffron party, fadnavis said, we have inducted four-five leaders so far who need to be given ticket in the assembly elections among all those who have joined.
the bjp leaders original strength of some 98 per cent is as it is.
advertisinghe also took a dig at former chief minister prithviraj chavan who, in sarcastic remarks, said fadnavis was talking like a political astrologer by predicting that the vanchit bahujan aghadi may get leader of the oppositions post in the next maharashtra assembly.
there is no need of an astrologer to indicate the bleak future of the congress and ncp, even the common man has realised it, fadnavis quipped.
the vanchit bahujan aghadi (vba) was formed by bharip bahujan mahasangh leader prakash ambedkar and aimim chief asaduddin owaisi ahead of the lok sabha polls held earlier this year.
the vba managed to win just one of the 48 lok sabha seats in the state, but took away a sizable number of votes, which the congress and ncp claimed helped the bjps cause.
the congress and ncp also labelled the vba as the b team of the bjp.
meanwhile, fadnavis also said the state government was planning to divert 167 tmc water (from various reservoirs in the state) to the godavari basin.
a detailed project report for 25 tmc is ready with us.
the jal parishad has approved the project followed by in-principle nod of the cabinet, he said.
he said the government was also looking at a long-term solution for the problem of water scarcity in the drought-prone marathwada region of the state.
if the tembhu lift irrigation project (in sangli) could work, then why not for marathwada as well, he said.
the godavari water disputes tibunal has given permission for 102 tmc water (to maharashtra), but in last seven-eight years, we could not use more than 80 tmc, he said.
there have been some changes in the rivers course and rainfall.
we need to arrest the entire 102 tmc water and we can build dams and other structures for the same.
no tribunal can object to us over it, he said.
the chief minister further said the government has already transferred rs 1,400 crore to the authorities concerned for the construction of two tunnels for carrying water from the ujani dam in solapur to latur.
we are trying to finish the work by may 2020, he said.
the state government has also proposed a 64,000-km long pipeline to supply filtered water to the entire marathwada region, he said.
advertisingtenders for aurangabad and jalna are already out.
we are trying to float tenders for latur and osmanabad before the announcement of the code of conduct (for the upcoming state polls), he added.
b'the maharashtra government has urged the centre to make allocations to enable them to fast track ambitious projects worth rs 800 crore related to br ambedkar across the state.
the state government is commemorating the 125th birth anniversary of ambedkar this year.
at a review meeting, the maharashtra government shortlisted mega projects to be expedited in 2016-17.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has taken up the issue with the ministry of social justice and ministry of finance at the centre so that the projects can be taken ahead.
highly placed sources in the ministry of social justice said, by conservative estimates, the expenditure for the grand ambedkar memorial at indu mills compound would require rs 425 crore.
the decision to upgrade and develop dikshabhoomi at nagpur is estimated to cost rs 250 crore along with other related projects on the outskirts of the city where land has been allotted and preliminary work has begun on a museum.
the beautification of chaityabhoomi at shivaji park will require rs 100 crore.
the government, had already purchased the ambedkar london house for rs 40 crore, while maintenance related amount is being worked out.
union minister for social justice thawar chand gehlot, who has been approached by the state government, assured to accord highest priority to ambedkar projects in maharashtra.
although some of the projects would be undertaken on private-public partnership, funds from the centre is critical to ensure the projects are taken to their logical end in the next two to three years.
gehlot said, the centre is committed to the cause of ambedkar and would provide all the required help to the maharashtra government, which has taken the lead in the cause of the dalit icon and architect of the indian constitution.
shortly after taking charge of the government on october 31, 2014, fadnavis had taken up the first project of purchasing ambedkars london house where he stayed when he was a student.
after pursuing the matter for six months which required external affairs ministry intervention, state government allocated rs 40 crore to acquire the property on king henry road in london.
the fadnavis governments biggest challenge is to push the ambedkar memorial at indu mills, which was inaugurated by prime minister narendra modi.
the chief minister has given the nod for the memorial along with time line and expenditure in phases.
apart from that, the government, along with dalit academics and economists, is working on a project to bring out the works of ambedkar on diverse fields of economics, finance and foreign affairs.
speaking to experts, fadnavis said research papers of ambedkar, which are still relevant and disply his vision, need to be revived for the benefit of the generation next not only in maharashtra but also across the country.
b'shah, along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and other bjp leaders, had called on dixit at her residence in suburban mumbai.
shah, along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and other bjp leaders, had called on dixit at her residence in suburban mumbai.
a day after amit shah met ratan tata and madhuri dixit as part of his partys campaign, mumbai congress president sanjay nirupam has asked them not to fall for blatant lies being propagated by the bjp and its chief.
shah had called on the two icons in their respective fields as part of the bjps contact for support campaign ahead of the 2019 lok sabha polls.
nirupam has sent separate letters to the actress and the industrialist in which he appealed to them to dismiss the booklet given to them by shah with the contempt it deserves.
blatant lies are being propagated by the bjp and its president and i appeal to you two not to fall for this, he wrote.
shah, along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and other bjp leaders, had called on dixit at her residence in suburban mumbai.
he had presented a booklet containing the achievements of the bjp-led central government in the last four years to the bollywood icon during the meeting that lasted for 40 minutes.
during his meeting with tata at the latters residence, shah had presented a similar booklet.
tata had said in a tweet that he was impressed to learn about the progress in the implementation of the narendra modi governments initiatives and reform measures in the past four years.
nirupam said the booklets given to dixit and tata were a bundle of lies.
i am sending you a factual account of the failures of the modi government in the last four years during which it has failed to do anything for the people of this country.
mr. tata, you have always supported secular forces all your life whereas the bjp has spoilt the secular fabric of our country, he said in his letter to the business tycoon.
nirupam also blamed the modi government for rising unemployment and corruption in the country in the last four years.
in the past four years, the bjp government has failed on all fronts including on parameters of economy, social harmony, and international relations, he stated.
in a letter addressed to dixit, nirupam said, as an artist, you can understand how different forces work together in the creative spaceand this has clearly suffered during the bjp rule.
we should work together to stop these forces from gaining ground.
the congress leader said the ill-conceived fiscal policies of the bjp government have hurt the industry and economy including small businesses, agrarian economy and corporates.
nirupam also questionned the selective visits of shah who has been meeting prominent personalities as part of the bjps sampark for samarthan campaign to mark the fourth anniversary of the modi government.
shiv sena leader and maharashtra minister eknath shinde.
(file) shiv sena leader and maharashtra minister eknath shinde.
(file)shiv sena leader and maharashtra minister eknath shinde today alleged the bjp was using the ncp to defame his party in run up to the civic elections in thane.
shinde, district chief of sena, claimed there was an undeclared alliance between the bjp and the ncp to stop the uddhav thackeray-led party from coming to power in the thane municipal corporation.
watch video | assembly elections 2017: how has up voted in the past explainedaddressing a news conference here, the cabinet minister said the bjp was using the sharad pawar-led outfit as a tool to defame the shiv sena in the thane city and block its ascension in the civic body.
he said chief minister devendrafadnavis of bjp was wrongly taking credit for various works in the city, including cluster development, metro and flyovers.
but the people of thane very well know these schemes were approved before the bjps victory in the state elections in 2014, shinde said.
b'shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray along with maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
(express archive) shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray along with maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
(express archive)as maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis announced in the state legislature friday that the government was altering the non-creamy layer definition for other backward classes (obcs) to include those with an annual income of up to rs 6 lakh, there was little doubt that the tinkering is politically significant, with elections to major urban local bodies slated for early next year.
getting the caste math correct will remain a priority across party lines, but in mumbai, it is the shiv sena that has stolen a march on the bjp with its well-timed wooing of dalits.
having beaten all other major political parties in gauging the emotive value of dadars ambedkar bhavan, the shiv senas move to back the grandsons of dr babasaheb ambedkar in seeking that the central mumbai building from where ambedkar ran a printing press be rebuilt is being seen as an attempt by the party to keep its options open vis-a-vis prakash ambedkars bharatiya republican party bahujan mahasangh and anandraj ambedkars republican sena.
while prakash ambedkar remains a long-time critic of hindutva, leaders from the sena and various dalit parties admit that the senas decision to jump on the ambedkar bhavan bandwagon was a significant political move, coming just days after the bjp inducted dalit leader ramdas athawale into the cabinet.
in fact, the sena raised the ambedkar bhavan issue long before athawales rpi took a stand on the contentious move to demolish the building amid a dispute between the trustees of the peoples improvement trust and the ambedkar grandsons.
it was a well thought-out decision to get involved in the ambedkar bhavan issue, a senior shiv sena leader told the indian express.
we didnt want to just take credit, we wanted to make it clear that we value the legacy of ambedkar.
the movement against the demolition is spearheaded by prakash and anandraj ambedkar, though everybody from the congress to the bjp s local leadership later visited the site and promised support.
the dadar building housed the buddha bhushan printing press, started by dr b r ambedkar.
it was demolished in june with members of the peoples improvement trust stating that it would be replaced by a grand 17-storey ambedkar bhavan.
the move led to immediate protests by various dalit groups, including babasahebs family members.
when prakash ambedkar and his bharatiya republican party bajuhan mahasangh called for a rally against the demolition on july 19, nearly 20,000 people showed up, blocking traffic in south mumbai for hours.
present at the massive show of strength was senas mlc neelam gorhe.
even as the numbers signified a revival for prakash ambedkar, the bjp and athawale were completely isolated on the issue, said one dalit leader.
thesena lacks a prominent dalit leader but it jumped into the ambedkar bhavan demolition controversy and cornered the bjp on the issue, he added.
fadnavis later promised to probe the matter, but precious time had been lost.
gorhe had also visited the ambedkar bhavan site before the massive rally, along with other sena leaders including mayor snehal ambekar.
she pointedly said that party president uddhav thackeray had instructed them to take up the issue in the bmc and at the state government level.
subsequently, she raised the issue in the legislature through a calling attention motion in the upper house.
it is a larger social issue.
our stand is based on considering the larger public sentiments and nothing else, neelam gorhe told the indian express.
we respect babasaheb.
the bmc annually undertakes all the necessary arrangements for the lakhs of ambedkarites who visit mumbai on mahaparinirvan din, she added, promising to follow up on the issue.
privately, sena leaders admit that being certain of the support of dalit voters in mumbai pits the party on a sure footing, especially amid the constant bickering with the bjp.
the party is actually testing the waters through the ambedkar bhavan issue, they say.
one sena legislator also said that sena mlas have been winning from areas dominated by bit, bdd chawls, localities dominated by dalits, evidence that the party has traditionally received the communitys support in the past.
being seen as supporters of the ambedkar grandsons adds more gravitas to that position.
this is despite prakash ambedkar being unlikely to align with the sena.
considering ambedkars opposition to hindutva, we dont think he will openly align with us.
but there is plenty of time to go for the civic elections.
nothing can be ruled out, said a leader, pointing out that the brp bahujan mahasangh shares power currently with the sena in the akola zilla parishad, an understanding that the brps leaders term a local arrangement cobbled together after contesting separately.
watch video: whats making newsbut there is a history to the arrangement.
in 1973, prakashs father yashwantrao aligned with the shiv sena to contest the civic polls, said another leader.
speaking to the indian express, prakash ambedkar said their stand is not to align with hindutva forces.
it is very premature to say anything.
so far, our stand is not to align with bjp and shiv sena, said prakash, adding that his party would be fielding candidates at the mumbai civic polls.
asked about the sena and bjps chances of winning his support if they contest separately, he said, the sena and the bjp has not yet announced that they will fight civic polls independently.
to change our stand, we will need to take a review.
if the need arises to cross that bridge, we will have to think then.
a senior brp leader said it is a well-known fact that their supporters in mumbai often silently vote for the sena candidate.
anandraj ambedkars republican sena, which shot to fame when its workers barged into the indu mill in december 2011 and performed a bhoomipoojan for a long delayed ambedkar memorial there, will also be closely watched in coming months.
a leader close to anandraj said athawale is seen as losing some support, and the sena and other dalit parties are rushing to cash in.
we have a huge opportunity to mobilize people to our side.
many people are ready to accept the leadership from ambedkar family.
so, we will have to capitalise that in the coming days, said the leader.
b'former union agriculture minister sharad pawar said neither the state nor the central government was taking the strike by farmers seriously.
pawar, who was speaking to the media in pune, said farmers have been forced to go on strike following neglect of their issues.
farmers across maharashtra have called for a strike from june 1 to press for a complete loan waiver.
wholesale markets in nashik, pune, etc are likely to be closed in the wake of farmers strike.
kisan kranti, the non political frontal organisation of farmers, has called for this strike.
talks with chief minister devendrafadnavis and minister of state sadashiv khot have failed to resolve the situation.
farmers are adamant about a complete loan waiver, which the government has so far refused.
i have not seen any move by either the state or the central government to resolve the issue.
i am yet to speak to the chief minister about the matter.
will do so in the next few days, pawar said.
the financial condition of farmers, he said, has been disturbed but the government has not taken the matter seriously.
the central government in its affidavit before the supreme court has stated that 12,000 farmers have committed suicide every year in the last three years.
the situation is that serious, he said.
alluding to his tenure as the agriculture minister, pawar said suicides by farmers was an issue back then too.
we studied the matter and found the primary cause of the suicides was the growing debt burden on farmers.
so we took the decision to waive off rs 71,000 crore of farm loans, he said.
the cascading effect of the strike, pawar said, will be felt in the days to come and can create a question on the food security of the nation.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said the government has prioritised the expansion of amravati, akola and yavatmal airports, in order to give a boost to industrial development in western vidarbha.
advertisingthe chief minister performed bhoomi puja (groundbreaking) ceremony for the expansion of belora airport near amravati, and also dedicated various works to the public.
this expansion will change the face of western vidarbha, as it will facilitate industrial development, fadnavis said, adding that night landing can take place at the airport after expansion.
underlining the need for airports, the chief minister said, such facilities were necessary for the industrial development of any city, apart from good roads, electricity and railway link.
advertisinghailing udan scheme of the central government, the cm said it has increased the speed of air service development by 30 per cent.
belora airport has been included in udan scheme and it has been planned to make the air service available for mumbai first, he said.
udan (ude desh ka aam naagrik) is a regional airport development and regional connectivity scheme (rcs) of the union government, with the objective of letting the common citizen of the country fly, aimed at making air travel affordable and widespread.
fadnavis also expressed hope that maharashtra will fully attain its irrigation potential in the next two years.
the bjp government of maharashtra has sought legal opinion over the sanctity of the tender it had earlier issued for the redevelopment of dharavi, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said in the legislative assembly on thursday.
advertisingwe have sought an opinion from the states advocate general in this regard.
on the basis of his opinion, the government will take a call on whether it can continue with the current tender or float a new one, fadnavis said.
the indian express had reported earlier that the government was rethinking about the tender earlier this year in which the dubai-based seclink consortium had emerged as a frontrunner and the adani group was the only other bidder.
spread over 2.
40 square kilometres and home to over 60,000 families, dharavi stands on a slice of prime land in the heart of mumbai, situated a stones throw away from indias richest business district, the bandra kurla complex (bkc).
its revamp has been on the agenda of every political party since 2004.
ahead of the lok sabha elections, the fadnavis government had sanctioned a fresh plan for the slums makeover.
a global tender was floated for the appointment of the rs 26,000-crore real estate projects developer, and finally, on march 9 this year, a high-powered committee of bureaucrats, headed by the states chief secretary, had shortlisted a consortium headed by dubai-based infrastructure firm seclink for the task.
advertisingwhile the state later also issued the dubai firm a letter of intent, the contract has not been awarded.
the firm has written to the government in this regard.
on thursday, fadnavis said the government had purchased a 46-acre plot of railway land in matunga for speedy rehabilitation of dharavis slumdwellers.
the government plans to construct transit shelters for existing slumdwellers on the land.
with the railway deal having materialised after the tendering process, fadnavis said, the availability of the 46-acre land and the purchase cost was not a part of the tender.
weve now sought the advocate generals opinion on whether this affects the sanctity of the tender.
the governments plan is to transform dharavi into a commercial hub.
it has argued that the project will not be viable if it was promoted as a residential redevelopment project.
for the project to be economically viable, the governments plan is to transform the region as a hub of business and economic activity.
our plan is to transform it into the second bkc, said fadnavis.
with at least five crore square feet of saleable built-up space expected to be generated from the project, a bulk of it is proposed to be used for economic activity.
shivaji memorial: state approaches attorney generalmeanwhile, while admitting that there had been a delay in the construction of the shivaji memorial in the arabian sea, fadnavis told the assembly that the government had approached the attorney general of india, kk venugopal, to represent the state in the supreme court, which is hearing a case in this regard.
a mumbai-based environmental trust had earlier approached the sc saying that the statue posed an environmental threat.
after a stay imposed by the apex court, the construction work at the memorial site has been on hold since january this year.
fadnavis argued that his government had obtained all necessary permissions in this regard.
the memorial is expected to cost the states exchequer rs 3,700 crore.
ambedkar memorial: height increased, 2020 deadlinefadnavis also told the house that he had sanctioned an increased height for the dr bhimrao ambedkar memorial, which is proposed to come up on a 12.
5-acre mill land in dadars prabhadevi.
the height has been raised by 100 feet, said fadnavis, adding that the mumbai metropolitan region development authority, the projects nodal agency, will now make changes to the design and calculate the cost escalation.
fadnavis told the house that the decision was taken considering demands from various (ambedkarite) groups.
fadnavis said that the plan was to complete the construction work of the memorial, which is estimated to cost rs 763 crore, by december 2020.
in the build-up to the state polls, the bjp is set to highlight the memorial work as one of its achievements to reach out to voters from backward classes in the commercial capital.
the memorials design includes a library, a replica of the historic chavdar pond in raigad, viewing points and a park lot.
road maphighlighting fast tracking of transport infrastructure projects as one of the main achievements of his government ahead of the polls, fadnavis told the assembly that the government had undertaken road construction and improvement works along a record 57,000 kilometres.
this, he said, included 30,000 km of road built under the mukhyamantri gram sadak yojana, 17,000 km of national highways and 10,000 km of state highways being constructed on hybrid annuity basis.
recently, debt-ridden farmers from 2001 to 2009, who were deprived loan waiver during congres-ncp government, were included in the present loan waiver scheme.
(representational image) recently, debt-ridden farmers from 2001 to 2009, who were deprived loan waiver during congres-ncp government, were included in the present loan waiver scheme.
(representational image)the state government has extended the date for online application for loan waiver of farmers from may 1 to may 20.
this is the fourth extention the government is giving to loan waiver applicants.
the decision is to facilitate farmers who have not been able to file online applications for various reasons.
the chhatrapati shivaji maharaj shetkari sanmaan yojna (csmssy) was first announced in july 24, 2017.
after receiving and cross verifying applications, the government began the process of loan waiver disbursement in october 2017.
an official in the ministry of cooperation and marketing said, loan waiver to 50 lakh farmers to the tune of rs 23,000 crore has been provided.
initially, loan waiver upto rs 1.
5 lakh irrespective of size of land holding was given to debt-ridden farmers between 2009 and 2016 december.
apart from this an incentive of rs 25,000 was given to farmers who regularly repaid their loans.
recently, debt-ridden farmers from 2001 to 2009, who were deprived loan waiver during congres-ncp government, were included in the present loan waiver scheme.
officials said, the extension was necessary to enable four lakh farmers to seek loan within the period of 2001 and 2009.
talking about his home state devendrafadnavis said we in maharashtra had successive drought for four years.
and due to those droughts, yes, there is a distress amongst farmers.
(file) talking about his home state devendrafadnavis said we in maharashtra had successive drought for four years.
and due to those droughts, yes, there is a distress amongst farmers.
(file)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday termed as unfortunate the killing of five people in police firing during a farmers agitation in madhya pradesh, but said very grave situation there necessitated police action.
fadnavis, who himself is grappled with a simmering farmers protest in his state for quite some time now, said there could be no justification for such killings.
what happened in madhya pradesh is unfortunate (and) no government ever wants to do that.
but the situation also was very grave, it could have turned more problematic, he told reporters here in response to a query on farmers stir in madhya pradesh.
so nobody can justify (it) even the chief minister of madhya pradesh has not justified the action, he said.
however, fadnavis hailed the steps taken by mp chief minister shivraj singh chouhan to improve farm production in his state during his over a decade-long rule.
fadnavis is in kerala to participate in events organised by the state unit of the bjp to mark the narendra modi governments three years at the centre.
admitting that there were issues in the farm sector in maharashtra, the chief minister said it happened because the farm prices are no more controlled by government post globalisation.
he also blamed the four-year-long drought situation that prevailed in maharashtra for the farm crisis.
we in maharashtra had successive drought for four years.
and due to those droughts, yes, there is a distress amongst farmers, fadnavis said.
he said the farm crisis is not pan maharashtra.
it was in certain parts of maharashtra and the life was not affected even a single day.
but still, we feel that demands of farmers are there.
we are trying to address it, he said.
the chief minister said people of the state knew that his government was working with good intentions and that helped the bjp to sweep the elections held to local bodies in the state recently.
we swept all elections including zilla parishads, nagar palika, municipal corporations and that is because the people know this government is working and has good intentions, he said.
fadnavis also hit out at kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan over alleged political killings in the state.
he said vijayan should concentrate on issues of governance rather than convening meetings of chief ministers on the centres notification banning sale and purchase of cattle for slaughter in animal market.
the more grave situation here is political killings.
i think he should concentrate more on that.
whether these killings are state sponsored is something which i think he needs to answer, he said.
noting that during a small span of vijayans rule, 17 political murders took place in kerala, fadnavis said such incidents have never happened in indian democracy.
democracy is all about discussion.
we are not enemies.
.
we are political opponents.
.
our ideologies may differ.
.
we may defeat each other in elections.
.
but when in democracy you start killing your political opponents, you start killing the ideologies because we differ in ideologies we start defeating the democracy, he said.
the confirmation that the five farmers were killed in police firing bears significance as the mp government had initially claimed that the police did not fire at the agitating farmers.
five persons were killed on june 6 as the farmers agitation turned violent in mandsaur district of madhya pradesh, prompting the authorities to clamp curfew in the trouble-hit area.
mandsaur has been on the boil since the farmers agitation in the district turned violent.
farmers in western madhya pradesh are protesting since june 1 over various demands including fixing of crop prices.
b'chief minister devendrafadnavis chief minister devendra fadnavischief minister devendrafadnavis is likely to downsize the portfolios of heavyweight cabinet ministers during the cabinet expansion to be held in june.
the move, sources said, aimed to bring in fresh faces and work culture, besides refurbishing the maharashtra governments image.
the plan is likely to be executed in the second week of june.
the centre has already given consent to the cm, who has been firefighting after his ministers got into trouble over allegations ranging from corruption charges to violation of norms.
while revenue and agriculture minister eknath khadse is facing allegations of land deal and phone call to underworld fugitive dawood ibrahim, other ministers who have got into trouble include education minister vinod tawde for a fake degree, rural development minister pankaja munde for alleged violation of norms in chikki contract and food and civil supplies minister girish bapat over tur dal price rise.
a senior bjp functionary said, last week, fadnavis discussed his concerns with cabinet colleagues.
he has categorically conveyed that each one will have to exercise caution in their administrative duties to avoid unnecessary controversies in public.
and defence cannot help wipe out the perception in the public mind.
according to sources, while fadnavis did issue a clean chit to his senior-most colleague khadse, there was an underlying note that they would have to mend fences.
and it cannot become a pattern as it reflects badly on the image of the government and the bjp, said a party source.
insiders said the central leadership had asked the chief minister to exercise his discretion to weigh the merit of the matter and its ramifications.
thus, there was no pressure from the centre or the party, said a leader.
the downsizing of portfolios is to accommodate new ministers on the one hand and ensure justice is given to the department that has been neglected for the last 19 months.
at present, khadse holds 10 ministries, including revenue, relief and rehabilitation, wakf board, minorities welfare, animal husbandry, excise, dairy development and fisheries.
sources indicated he might be divested of agriculture portfolio, which would be handed to a new candidate.
vinod tawde holds half a dozen portfolios, namely school education, youth welfare, higher and technical education, medical education, marathi bhasha and cultural affairs.
pankaja munde holds crucial portfolios like rural development, women and child development, water conservation and employment guarantee scheme.
there are indications that at least one portfolio will be taken away from her.
the sources said all those ministers with multiple departments who had not delivered results as expected would be considered for downsising, irrespective of allegations.
senior minister prakash mehta holds housing, mining and labour ministries.
the sources said he might be relieved of the labour portfolio.
there are 30 ministers, of which 20 belong to the bjp and 10 to the shiv sena.
the maximum cabinet size can be of 42, which means 12 more ministers can be inducted.
according to the sena-bjp formula, shiv sena has claim to two mos berths and bjp 10.
in a 42-minister cabinet, bjp will have 30 and sena 12.
it has worked on the strength in assembly, with bjp having 123 mlas and sena 63.
there is a possibility of bjp giving at least two ministerial berths to its alliance partner swabhimani shetkari sanghatana and rashtriya samaj party.
the cabinet expansion will have at least five to six new faces from the ruling bjp.
the remaining two to three berths would be saved for another reshuffle to be held in march 2017.
apart from socio-economic reforms, the state government is working on the recommendations of dr b r ambedkar on the agriculture sector to tackle the problems of small and marginal farmers in maharashtra.
almost 78 per cent of farmers in the state fall in the category of small and marginal farmers with land holdings of five acres or less.
the government is pushing for the concept of group farming based on the agriculture model recommended by ambedkar in his writings on the subject.
there are four aspects related to ambedkars agriculture reforms which chief minister devendrafadnavis has incorporated in the state policy for 2016-2019.
these are group farming, higher capital investments in the agriculture sector, intense cropping to double production and channelising the production with market linkages to ensure double farm income for farmers.
under the group or community farming module, small and marginal farmers with land holdings between 0.
5 acre and 10 acres of land are being encouraged to come together for farming.
dalit indian chamber of commerce and industries chairman milind kamble said, ambedkars writings on agro-economic provides practical solutions to tackle the problems of small and marginal farmers.
unfortunately, it has remained undiscussed for the last six decades.
while stressing that schemes like mudra and bhim apps would help dalits, tribals and obcs by bringing them into mainstream banking, he said, of the total 3.
48 crore who availed the mudra scheme, 77 lakh beneficiaries are scs/sts.
now, ambedkars agriculture reforms can be the next step to help backward and small farmers.
explaining ambedkars thoughts on agriculture, kamble said, babasaheb (ambedkar) had long ago predicted that the indian system of joint family would sooner than later lead to division of agriculture land holding, making it difficult for an individual to make it economically viable.
he had suggested community farming.
ambedkar had said the smallness and largeness of land holding is not determined by its physical extent but intensity of cultivation as reflected in the capital investments, including labour.
he foresaw the importance of industrialisation to divest the surplus agriculture-dependent labour to other productive occupations.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray.
(express photo) shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray.
(express photo)seeking to corner the shiv sena over its president uddhav thackerays statement last month that the party is ready to forgo power if the bjp government waives debt of farmers, the ncp on monday asked him to walk the talk, a day after a loan waiver was announced.
the state government on sunday agreed in principle to grant a complete but conditional loan waiver to farmers, against the backdrop of strident protests by cultivators in various parts of the state for various demands.
according to a farmer leader, the move is expected to benefit 1.
07 crore farmers in the state, who have land holdings of less than five acres.
taking a swipe at the sena chief, the ncp spokesperson nawab malik on monday said, uddhav thackeray should show the state that he is a man of his word and relinquish power by withdrawing his ministers from the government.
this is one chance for him to prove to his detractors that his party is not power-hungry and really cares for the welfare of farmers.
speaking at an agricultural convention organised by his party in chopada town in jalgaon on may 20, thackeray said he was prepared to forego power and withdraw all sena ministers from the bjp-led government in the state if chief minister devendrafadnavis is willing to announce a blanket loan waiver for farmers.
thackeray had also said sena would continue to provide outside support to the bjp government.
malik further said if thackeray goes back on his words now, it would mean he was only playing with the emotions of farmers all along, who had sought in him their supporter.
we are hopeful that he (thackeray) will not betray farmers now that the loan waiver is announced.
instead of being a part of the government and criticising it, he will now become an outside critique, malik said sarcastically.
there is tremendous work that can be done as an mla, says aaditya thackeray.
prashant nadkar there is tremendous work that can be done as an mla, says aaditya thackeray.
prashant nadkarshiv sena founder bal thackeray and current president uddhav thackeray may have stayed away from electoral politics, but yuva sena chief aaditya thackeray is not averse to contesting an assembly election if he is required to.
i have never kept myself away from that (electoral politics).
if at all there is a need for me to do so, why not?
aaditya said in an interview to the indian express on tuesday, ahead of elections to the crucial brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) next week.
also watch| assembly elections 2017: how has up voted in the past explainedstating that there is tremendous work that can be done as a member of the legislative assembly, the sena scion who has been campaigning across mumbai over the past week conceded that while the party founder and his grandfather, bal thackeray, took a decision never to contest an election, he did not impose his belief on others in the family.
when my grandfather took a decision never to contest polls, i think he believed in a certain way.
he never imposed on any of us.
he never said its wrong to contest elections or that we must never contest elections.
his decision was respected by the party and the people, said aaditya.
with the bharatiya janata party and the shiv sena contesting the bmc poll against each other for the first time in nearly two decades, aaditya also said he was disappointed with the bjp-led state governments clamour to take credit for various development work.
the credit war has become so cheap that today it has become a twitter government.
they tweet out things, saying we are with this company and so many jobs have been created.
after three years, there are no jobs created, he said.
adding that the bjp was attempting to take credit for the metro rail built by the previous congress-led regime, he said the partys behaviour was very childish.
the bjp and the sena are front-runners for the critical bmc elections, and either party has been heaping accusations against the other.
while the bjp, whose campaign is led by chief minister devendrafadnavis , has charged the sena with being unwilling to bring in transparency into the functioning of the bmc, a newly aggressive uddhav thackeray had been accusing the bjp of insulting its alliance partner in the state government before he unilaterally called off seat-sharing talks for the civic polls.
reacting to the accusations against the sena, aaditya said, the sena, wherever it was elected, had demonstrated results.
for example, 55 flyovers in the city, the mumbai-pune expressway, initiation of a sea link, tiger safari at the national park and other projects were taken up during 1995-1999.
no sena leader has created a business empire for himself as leaders from other parties have.
sena has created wealth for the people, he said.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday set a target of bringing three lakh hectares of sugarcane under drip irrigation by 2016-17 and the remaining in two to three years.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday set a target of bringing three lakh hectares of sugarcane under drip irrigation by 2016-17 and the remaining in two to three years.
chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday set a target of bringing three lakh hectares of sugarcane under drip irrigation by 2016-17 and the remaining in two to three years.
the total sugarcane cultivation in maharashtra is 10 lakh hectares, of which only 2.
5 lakh hectares are covered under drip irrigation.
fadnavis convened a meeting to work out the strategy to enforce the state governments water conservation project under the banner of per drop per crop.
another proposal discussed relates to shifting of agriculture pump connections from thermal power to solar energy in phases.
the primary report indicates that the massive subsidies to agriculture sectors (surgarcane included) can be utilised for investments in the solar sector.
although the solar sector has initial high cost, it is less expensive once infrastructure is in place.
fadnavis held the meeting with the department of water conservation and the department of power.
last week, fadnavis, during his visit to raigaon (district sangli) visited a drip irrigation project.
almost 1553 farmers came together to adopt the hi-tech automated drip irrigation project across 2009 hectares.
the farmers income per 1,000 litres of water in crop cultivation worked out to rs 2.
79 using the traditional method of floor irrigation.
but after they adopted drip irrigation, the income went up by rs 13.
22.
the drip irrigation technology is based on israeli model where computerised sensor equipment can read the temperature, humidity and nutrient levels in soil.
it can also regulate flow of water assessing requirements based on climatic conditions.
it also has an in-built system to allow water to reach the roots to ensure better growth.
the automated drip irrigation mechanism helps maximise water use to cover a larger area of irrigation.
while citing examples from drip irrigation projects, fadnavis told officials, the entire 9.
43 lakh hectares of sugarcane cultivation should be brought under drip irrigation in the next two to three years.
he indicated that less expensive drip irrigation projects on a smaller scale can cover other crops including horticulture.
from overall assessment of various studies by agriculture universities and farmers groups, it has come to light that crops that are better water-regulated give higher yields and financial returns.
amongaspects under consideration include tapping of private firms to work out drip irrigation models that could be more climate friendly and less expensive.
the garden has a rainwater harvesting system installed for operating the fountains.
(source: express archive) the garden has a rainwater harvesting system installed for operating the fountains.
(source: express archive)to encourage the use of treated or recycled sewage water, the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) has started using the sewage treated water for gardening in the pramod mahajan kala park in dadar since the last 10 days.
around 1.
5 lakh litres of treated water is being used daily to water the garden.
this is the first bmc garden to use treated sewage water for this purpose.
flanked by bmcs sewerage operations (so) and storm water drains department buildings on both sides and railway tracks to its rear, the nearly 14-acre park now has ponds with lilies and lotuses, and is home to around one lakh plants of 180 species.
the garden has a rainwater harvesting system installed for operating the fountains.
last year in may, the garden was inaugurated by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
an official from the so department said the sewage is being taken from the dadar sewage pumping station for the treatment.
the sewage treatment plant has the capacity to treat the sewage of around three lakh litre daily.
since its monsoon, we are treating around 1.
5 lakh which is required for the garden, said the official.
the work on the construction of sewage treatment plant (stp) had started in january and was completed in june.
it will now send out a good message as this could be the first garden in city to use treated water for gardening.
it will encourage people to use it in their gardens as well and lakhs of litres of drinking water will be saved, he said.
the so department, which has developed the garden, has retained all the trees from the erstwhile stp.
although the stp was officially shut down in 1999, the 14-acre plot was in a state of disuse and it took seven years for the so department to convert the plot into a garden.
once the plant was shut down, the plot was used to dump silt.
there were also a few squatters on the plot.
we decided to revamp it and create a green space in central mumbai.
it is perhaps the first time the so department has created a garden, said another official from the department.
a pet project of chief minister devendrafadnavis , the corridor has adopted the land pooling method.
a pet project of chief minister devendrafadnavis , the corridor has adopted the land pooling method.
the government is likely to shift the locations of some of the nodes (townships) planned along the ambitious rs 40,000-crore nagpur-mumbai super communication expressway, in the wake of opposition from some districts in the konkan region of maharashtra.
a senior cabinet minister requesting anonymity said, the preliminary report indicates that we may have to shift at least two nodes (townships) from the present location.
but overall, it does not alter the design and alignment of the project.
a total of 25 nodes (townships) have been planned across the 706-km stretch between nagpur and mumbai.
the project, also called the maharashtra samruddhi corridor, encompasses 25 townships and eight-lane roads between nagpur and mumbai.
it is expected to be completed within 36 months from its commencement.
a pet project of chief minister devendrafadnavis , the corridor has adopted the land pooling method.
however, it has also given the option of direct cash compensation to farmers opposed to the pooling model.
the minister said that only eight per cent of the 10,463 hectares of land required for the project comes in the category of agriculture/forest.
the project corridor includes amenities such as info-tech hubs, logistic parks, agriculture hubs, industrial hubs, educational hubs, medical hubs, smart cities and resorts etc.
the government has allocated rs 1,200 crore for the development of the townships.
of the total 10,463 hectares of land required for the project, 9,500 hectares is private land and 963 hectares is government and partly forest land.
it will be implemented through a special purpose vehicle (spv), which would be a subsidiary of the msrdc.
a source said, the government will enter into a concession agreement with the spv in line with the model concession agreement of nhai.
apart from reducing the travel time between nagpur and mumbai from 16-18 hours to 8 hours, the project seeks to promote multiple agro-industries by providing growth centres in each nodes (townships).
a senior officer said, the maharashtra samrudhhi corridor with eight-lane roads and 25 nodes will become the first agriculture-industrial-infrastructure model project.
every node has been designed keeping the geographical and agriculture requirements of the area in mind, and all the 25 will have easy access to ports.
b'shiv sena president uddhav thackeray had last week demanded stopping water supply to breweries in drought-hit aurangabad in marathwada region.
(source: express photo by prashant nadkar) shiv sena president uddhav thackeray had last week demanded stopping water supply to breweries in drought-hit aurangabad in marathwada region.
(source: express photo by prashant nadkar)the shiv sena has again criticised its alliance partner bjp by claiming that drinking beer was not part of indian culture and there were certain bjp ministers who were insisting that beer companies should be provided water.
shiv sena president uddhav thackeray had last week demanded stopping water supply to breweries in drought-hit aurangabad in marathwada region.
the shiv sena mouthpiece in an editorial on monday took this demand forward and stated that drinking beer was not part of the indian culture.
the ministers of bjp believe that beer companies should get water.
that is their stand on this issue.
the popular public opinion is that the lives of people need to be sustained first.
that is the need of the hour, an edit in the shiv sena mouthpiece saamana said.
it added that drinking beer was not part of the indian culture.
gulping down beer is not part of our culture.
the drought-afflicted farmer does not have the financial capability to buy bottled water to quench his thirst, it said.
thackeray demanded stopping water supply to breweries in drought-hit aurangabad in marathwada region, on saturday.
thackeray, who was in marathwada, said, when people are not getting water for drinking, there is no justification in supplying it to the breweries.
responding to the senas demand, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said he had called for a report from the aurangabad divisional commissioner on sector-wise allocation of water to industrial companies.
after getting the report, the government would take a formal decision on water supply to these industries, including the breweries, he added.
however, minister for rural development pankaja munde has opposed snapping supply of water to breweries.
she said, no additional water is being given to the breweries.
the water supplied is within the quota reserved for the industrial units.
there are 10 big industries in marathwada that manufacture beer.
a 20 per cent water cut has been imposed on them keeping in view the prevalent drought conditions.
but these industries also need to be saved as lives of thousands of people depend on them.
the government needs to find a middle way immediately, the edit added.
chief minister devendrafadnavis named ashwini joshi mumbais new additional municipal commissioner on wednesday.
advertisingthe 2006-batch ias officer will take over from idzes kundan (1996 batch), who will be appointed the joint managing director of the city and industrial development corporation of maharashtra ltd (cidco).
sources said the post of additional civic commissioner was downgraded to accommodate joshi.
last month, joshi was abruptly moved out from the excise commissioners post.
while the government had initially transferred her to the post of project director, mumbai districts aids control society, the transfer was later put on hold.
on tuesday, the government revised the transfer orders and posted joshi in the mumbai muncipality.
joshis sudden transfer from the excise commissioners post was earlier blamed on her alleged fallout with two senior ministers in the fadnavis government.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
express photo maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
express photodespite being denied a cabinet post for the party in the centre by prime minister narendra modi, the lone mos from shiv sena, anant geete, did not boycott the swearing-in ceremony held at rashtrapati bhawan in new delhi and in fact participated in the event.
sources said that the centre had clearly told sena chief uddhav thackeray that in the reshuffle, they can only accommodate one candidate and give him a mos rank.
watch video: keystrokes  smriti irani gets textilesthackeray, who was keen on getting a cabinet post for his party member anil desai, however, turned down the offer.
and even though chief minister devendrafadnavis had conveyed the senas sentiments to the central leadership, the union government had made it clear that if they twist the norms for sena and give them a cabinet post, other small allies would also stake similar claims.
watch: analysing modi cabinet reshuffle: smriti irani loses hrd; javadekar, piyush goyal gainhowever, ahead of the state cabinet expansion scheduled for this week, fadnavis has promised ally shiv sena an additional cabinet rank or a plum portfolio in the state government.
sources in the sena, meanwhile, said, even if the central leadership had offered sena one cabinet rank, thackeray would have had plenty of problems.
many senior sena ministers  from chandrakant khaire, bhawna gawli and sanjay raut  aspired for a berth in the modi cabinet.
if any one of them would have been chosen, there would have been a crack in the party.
also, enhancing senas say in the maharashtra government, if they are given better portfolio or additional cabinet post, works in the partys advantage.
at present, there are 29 ministers in the state cabinet, of whom 10 are from shiv sena and the remaining 19 belong to the bjp.
maharashtra minister pankaja munde on monday said she likes the home portfolio the most among all the government departments.
the bjp leader is currently the women and child welfare minister with cabinet rank and also heads a few other departments, including rural development.
the home portfolio is with chief minister devendra fadnavis.
i like the home department among all ministries, she said in her native district beed on sunday.
she was speaking at a function after inaugurating a police station building.
pankaja said she developed interest in the key portfolio after closing watching her father late gopinath munde, who was home minister in the previous shiv sena-bjp government (1995-99).
i have interest in the home department since then, she said.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)the opposition parties boycotted the customary tea party hosted by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday on the eve of the beginning of the budget session.
at a joint press conference, congress and ncp opposition leaders radhakrishna vikhe-patil (assembly) and dhananjay munde (council) indicated that they would target the government on issues such as a loan waiver for farmers, the continuing farmer suicides and more.
watch what else is making newsmatters ranging from drought mitigation, dhangar and muslim community reservation, losses incurred in agriculture and textile markets will also be on the oppositions agenda.
vikhe-patil said the government had failed on several fronts, the biggest being the lack of measures to curb farmer suicides.
our main agenda is to get a loan waiver for farmers of maharashtra.
the bjp leaders promised loan waivers for other poll-bound states, but maharashtra which has witnessed maximum farmers suicide was ignored.
the ncps dhananjay munde, leader of opposition in the legislative council, said, last year, the drought was more serious than the one in 1972 and the cabinets visit to drought-hit areas seemed nothing but drought tourism.
the combined opposition will expose the governments apathy towards farmers for its failure to provide much needed help.
according to the state government, the new airport will come up in the next five years.
pavan khengre according to the state government, the new airport will come up in the next five years.
pavan khengrethe airport development authority has decided to drop residential settlements from the target land for the new pune airport, but local residents have said they will continue their opposition to the acquisition of land.
a total of over 2,400 hectares of land, in the jurisdiction of seven gram panchayats in purandar taluka, had been earmarked for the new airport which, according to the state government, will come up in the next five years.
but plans to acquire land at the earmarked site had faced opposition from local residents.
watch what else is making newsvishwas patil, managing director of the maharashtra airport development corporation (madc), held a meeting with senior officials of the pune district administration on friday.
he said a german company, which had earlier prepared the detailed project report (dpr) for berlin, munich, kuwait and frankfurt, had been awarded the contract for preparing the dpr for the new pune airport.
patil said the obstacle limitation survey, conducted by the administration and the corporation, will be sent to the madc board of directors for a review.
the board will give its recommendations, after which the report will be sent to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
its likely to take two to three months not more than that, said patil.
if the residential settlements are taken out of the total land earmarked for the airport, it will only marginally shrink the area of the site, said patil.
its a fact that none of the houses will have to be demolished.
the residential settlements from all seven villages  pargaon, udachiwadi, vanpuri, kumbarvan, ekhatpur, manjauri and khanauri  will remain intact.
the area around the settlments, farm or pastoral area, would be acquired after giving good compensation to owners of the land, said patil.
but the latest development is not going to mellow the opposition to the project, said dutta dhurange, president of the group which is opposing land acquisition for the airport.
what they are essentially saying is that they will let us stay here, they wont touch our houses, but they will take away our livelihood.
whats the purpose of continuing to stay here when our farm lands will be gone, said dhurange.
he said it was not possible to find a solution to the issue unless the madc and district officials decided to talk to the locals and listen to their grievances.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra cm devendra fadnavischief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday stressed that fresh crop loans for the ensuing kharif season should be handed over to farmers on a mission mode to ensure that most small and marginal farmers find a place in the institutional credit mechanism.
speaking at a meeting to review preparations for the kharif season, fadnavis said; efforts to bring maximum farmers within the institutional credit mechanism through fresh crop loans should be taken up on a mission mode.
all farmers who have availed loan waiver and cleared debt should get new crop loans for the kharif season.
financial institutions should ensure they reach out to eligible farmers at the grassroots level.
stressing on meticulous planning, he added: a lot of efforts should be made to ensure that farmers are not driven to dobar perni (second sowing of crops) the onset of monsoons often lead farmers to begin sowing.
but a long dry spell is often detrimental for crops.
as a result, farmers have to go for a second round of sowing, which doubles their expenditure and results in low returns.
of the total 1.
36 crore farmers in maharashtra, the government has set an ambitious target of bringing 80 per cent of them within the institutional credit mechanism.
at present, 67 lakh farmers have at some point availed crop loan from financial institutions.
nearly 40 lakh farmers are not part of the credit system due to their long pending debt since 2008-09.
according to official estimates, the government wants to bring 20 lakh more farmers, especially debt-ridden small and marginal ones, within the credit mechanism.
for this, it requires rs 14,000 crore and has urged financial institutions  district cooperative, national, rural and commercial banks  to support its initiative.
the governments loan waiver scheme of rs 23,000 crore has helped 52 lakh farmers, enabling them to seek fresh loans this kharif season.
now, with the government extending its loan waiver scheme to all debt-ridden farmers who had taken loans between 2001 and 2016, around 60 to 67 lakh farmers are set to benefit.
at the meeting, fadnavis said he has asked agriculture universities in the state to prepare a earn while you learn stipend scheme for students to carry out field work.
under the scheme, students will spend the next two months assisting farmers in the field by sending them weather advisory alerts and information on soil health and credit crop loans.
the government will provide the students a monthly stipend.
on the governments call for increasing credit crop loan, a senior officer representing the state-level bankers committee said: nabard is likely to increase long and short term agriculture credit crop loan by 15 to 20 per cent for maharashtra.
in 2017-18, nabard has provided rs 86,836 crore for crop and agriculture term loans.
while rs 58,862 crore was for crop loan, rs 27,973 crore was given for agriculture term loan.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis friday unveiled the model of coaches for metro 3 line, mumbais sole underground metro connecting colaba, bandra and seepz, and announced that it will be named as aqua line.
advertisingthe chief minister inaugurated the model of rolling stock in the presence of ashwini bhide, the managing director of mmrcl.
taking to twitter, the metro department said the mumbai metro line 3 will be known as the aqua line as the exterior and interior of the train is well suited to the theme.
the department also said that 31 trains of eight coaches will be manufactured by alstom india and alstom sa under the make in india initiative at alstoms facility located in sri city, andhra pradesh.
the rolling stock will have features like driverless train operations, ac, lcd screens, digital map indicator, fire extinguisher, smoke detectors, voice communicators for any emergency, pa systems and dedicated wheelchair area for specially-abled people.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar during a pannel discussion held after announcing maharashtra budget in mumbai on saturday.
(source: pti) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar during a pannel discussion held after announcing maharashtra budget in mumbai on saturday.
(source: pti)the government is planning to launch a special infrastructure fund to help generate money for major projects it plans to take up in the state.
the government has envisaged that it needs rs 1 lakh crore to finance key infrastructure projects in the next five years.
given the constraints in raising such huge amounts from available sources of funds in the traditional method, there is a need to look at alternative methods to generate funds for infrastructure development, finance minister sudhir mungantiwar said in his budget speech.
under the proposal, the state will set up an infrastructure fund to be managed by a special purpose vehicle called mahainfra.
the spv is proposed to act as a single window for aggregating the land held by various departments for securitistion which are neither in use nor expected to be developed by the holding department for next 10 years, mungantiwar said.
land will be escrowed to the spv for generation of funds.
by securitising these plots, the government will be able to raise money through low cost loans and bonds from large investors.
mungantiwar said that the state will recruit a team of experts to increase the efficiency of the body.
we are also exploring the possibility of converting the mahainfra into a non-banking financial company in line with the gujarat state financial services ltd, the finance minister said.
in 2015, a pil was filed in the bombay high court by some locals about the alleged illegal work.
(file photo) in 2015, a pil was filed in the bombay high court by some locals about the alleged illegal work.
(file photo)in some relief to bjp mla manda mhatre in her ongoing feud against the navi mumbai municipal corporation commissioner tukaram mundhe, the bombay high court has granted a temporary stay on the demolition of the alleged illegal constructions in her house.
mundhe has been involved in a bitter tussle with politicians in navi mumbai, especially mhatre, after he decided to crack down on illegal constructions in the satellite city.
mhatre has been living in a sprawling bungalow, gaurav, in belapur, since 2010.
the house is owned by her sons nilesh mhatre and yogesh mhatre, and has some alterations done to it, such as changes in the main gate of the building and the construction of a shed on the terrace.
in 2015, a pil was filed in the bombay high court by some locals about the alleged illegal work.
the court then passed an order asking the nmmc to take necessary action if there was any unauthorised construction.
in april, after mundhe took over as civic commisisoner, a hearing was fixed on the directives of the court and the mhatres were given a three-week period in may to submit the plan of the construction carried out in the bungalow.
the mhatres, however, stated that due to unavoidable reasons, they had been unable to submit the plan, and needed another 45 days.
the nmmc refused to grant this extension.
on july 2, it gave a notice under section 53 (1) of the mrtp act to demolish the illegal construction, warning that criminal prosecution could be initiated against the owners of the structure.
during the same period, the nmmc also gave notices to various illegal constructions in navi mumbai.
with most of these structures located in gaothans, where the original inhabitants of navi mumbai live, politicians of the city observed a bandh in july to protest against mundhe.
mhatre had also complained against mundhe to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the mhatres also moved the high court, seeking a stay on the nmmc order.
the respondents have threatened the petitioners that the respondents will proceed further in accordance with the impugned notice and take necessary action for demolition of the subject construction which is having a minor variation, the mhatre familys petition says.
based on the petition, a bench of justice ranjit more and justice anuja prabhudesai last week stayed the demolition.
considering the nature of the alleged unauthorised construction coupled with the fact that the petitioners were earlier granted an opportunity to file a revised plan, we are of the opinion that the interests of justice would be subserved if the petitioners are allowed to file the revised plan with further directions to respondent  corporation to decide the same in accordance with law, the order states.
the hc also asked the mhatres to submit a revised plan to the nmmc within four weeks.
it asked the nmmc to decide the case preferrably within a period of four weeks from the date of filing of the revised plan.
sharad rao died of natural causes sharad rao died of natural causesveteran trade union leader sharad rao passed away thursday evening.
rao was on his way to nanavati hospital, vile parle, when he breathed his last, family members confirmed, adding that it was a natural death.
he was 78.
he had a blood pressure problem for which we were taking him to the nanavati hospital.
on the way, he died a natural death.
he was treated for stomach ulcer last year, said a family member.
chief minister devendrafadnavis expressed his condolences while many other political party leaders acknowledged his role in mobilising the work force in both the organised and unorganised sectors.
rao, who was associated with the nationalist congress party (ncp), headed several unions including the hind mazdoor sabha, the brihanmumbai electric supply trust (best) workers union and the municipal mazdoor union.
he also remained the leader of mumbai autorickshawsmens union, the largest rickshaw union in the city till he handed over the baton to his son shashank rao.
several times he had brought the city to a halt through his agitations.
the demise of sharad rao is a great loss to the trade unions of the country and more specifically the working class of mumbai.
while working in the mumbai labour union he fought for the rights of the workers in various unorganised sectors such as hawkers, the cloth market and hotel workers.
he also led the historic struggle of the pavement dwellers numbering more than two lakh on the issue of the right for shelter under the banner of hind mazdoor panchayat (hmkp), said a l quadros, general secretary mumbai taxi mens union.
i had the opportunity to work with him in 1967 when we participated in various workers movements such as the historic strike in best and of the municipal corporation and various other strikes.
he led more than ten lakh workers throughout the country.
his untimely death has created a huge vacuum in the workers movement and our union pays respect to him he added.
sharad rao was a very influential leader.
his efficiency of work while working for the best union is still remembered.
while managing to place his views, he also maintained cordial relations with everybody.
we have lost a great leader, said mohan mithbavkar, best chairperson.
b'ramdas athawale addresses the press at sahyadri guest house on saturday.
(express photo by janak rathod) ramdas athawale addresses the press at sahyadri guest house on saturday.
(express photo by janak rathod)speaking out against the arrests this week in the koregaon-bhima case in bjp-ruled maharashtra, nda ally and minister of state for social justice ramdas athawale has said that it is not right to arrest dalit rights activists after labelling them as naxalites.
instead, he said, police should investigate the role of hindutva leader sambhaji bhide for allegedly instigating the violence against dalits on january 1.
speaking to the indian express, the rpi(a) leader said: there should have been no arrests of dalits in the koregaon-bhima matter.
it is not right to term the ambedkarite activists as naxalites so as to take legal action against them.
read | among the five picked for maoist links: an editor, a lawyer, a professorathawale said he would officially discuss the issue with chief minister devendra fadnavis.
if there has been injustice done to them, i will extend any kind of help that i can, he said.
related report | pune police arrest top urban maoist operatives from delhi, mumbai, nagpurmaharashtra police had earlier booked upper-caste leaders bhide and milind ekbote for inciting violence against the dalits gathered to mark the 200-year anniversary of the battle of bhima koregaon in pune on january 1.
professor shoma sen at her home in nagpur before her arrest wednesday.
(photo: monica chaturvedi) professor shoma sen at her home in nagpur before her arrest wednesday.
(photo: monica chaturvedi)the investigations have now changed track with the police wednesday making five arrests of persons they described as top urban maoist operatives.
read | koregaon bhima violence case: everybody is asking questions, i just know he kept to himselfthree of them were prominent dalit rights activists, including sudhir dhawale, the leader of mumbai-based republican panthers jati antachi chalwal (rp), nagpur-based advocate surendra gadling, and delhi-based activist rona wilson.
read | koregaon-bhima violence manufactured, congress trying to spread chaos: bjptwo other left-leaning leaders  nagpur university professor shoma sen and mahesh raut, a former prime ministers rural development (pmrd) fellow  were also arrested.
dhawale was also the organiser of the elgaar parishad held in pune in the run-up to the bi-centennial celebration  the gathering is now being blamed by police for inciting the violence.
police outside the nagpur residence of professor shoma sen on wednesday.
she was one of the five arrested in connection with bhima koregaon caste violence case.
(photo: monica chaturvedi) police outside the nagpur residence of professor shoma sen on wednesday.
she was one of the five arrested in connection with bhima koregaon caste violence case.
(photo: monica chaturvedi)there is no relation between elgaar parishad and violence during the celebrations.
i fail to understand how the police has linked the two.
the police should instead further investigate the role of sambhaji bhide in the whole incident.
the home department says there is no proof against him.
but i feel that no one is greater than the law, said athawale.
read | koregaon bhima violence case: dalit rights activists among five held for alleged maoist linkshe accused bhide of making several inflammatory speeches even after the incident for which the law can take its course.
in a speech in nandurbar, he said that there is nothing like sarva dharma sama bhava (equal respect to all religions).
this amount to speaking out against the constitution, and the police can act against him.
samaj mein vivaad paida karne waala bhashaan ke upar karyavahi honi chahiye.
sambhaji bhide ke upar karyavahi karni chahiye (action should be taken against those who create strife in society.
action should be taken against sambhaji bhide), he said.
the state cabinet on tuesday approved the allocation of rs 30 crore for undertaking cloud seeding in the state in view of forecast of deficient rainfall this year.
advertisingat the cabinet meet, chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis , serious concern was expressed over imds forecast of delayed monsoon and deficient rainfall in maharashtra.
a statement issued by the cmo said, the cabinet has given the consent for earmarking rs 30 crore for cloud seeding.
the amount will be used for procuring the aircraft and radar system, which are necessary for carrying out the cloud seeding plan.
cloud seeding is a well-experimented process where various chemicals and technologies are used to precipitate clouds.
it is done during monsoons, a senior secretary in the ministry of agriculture said.
while indicating that state government had adopted a similar experiment in the past  in 2014-15  the secretary said: our reports point to partial success.
it has worked in some region and failed in others.
the state government, however, has decided to hold wider consultations with experts on the cloud seeding.
the state government, meanwhile, has also appealed to farmers to not rush for sowing crops.
the ministry of agriculture is sending out the smses to farmers through various groups and agriculture workers at district- and taluka-level.
advertisingthe government has also given permission to deploy water tankers to meet the demands of cattle camps in drought-hit talukas.
revenue minister chandrakant patil on tuesday said, we have deployed 6,000 water tankers in 15,500 villages.
as many as 151 talukas of the total 355 have been declared drought-hit in the state.
patil said, drought relief compensation has been disbursed in 17,985 villages, while in 10,539 villages all the drought relief measures have been facilitated.
the government also revealed the water stock available in dams is 13.
1 per cent.
the maximum water stock in dams is in konkan 33.
69 per cent, pune division 12.
6 per cent, nashik 13.
29 per cent, amravati 20.
01 per cent, nagpur division 8.
85 per cent, aurangabad 2.
86 per cent.
the cabinet has also approved setting up of a honey collection centre to boost honey production as a supplementary business for agriculture.
the project would be implemented by the khadi gram udyog corporation.
for backward vidarbha and marathwada regions, the state government has also given a nod for a power tariff waiver for the next five years.
while the state will have to bear an additional financial burden of rs 600 crore, officials said, the waiver will to promote industrial investments in these backward regions and generate employment and income.
b'chief minister devendrafadnavis friday said three years of prime minister narendra modi government at the centre had given a boost to the development of maharashtra.
among the mega projects that got the centres nod and are in various phases of execution are, the international financial service centre, international arbitration centre, rs 12,000 crore-coastal road, mumbai trans harbour road, navi mumbai international airport, 12.
5 acres of indu mills land of ntc transferred in the name of maharashtra and the chhatrapati shivaji memorial in the arabian sea.
in an article written in the state government in-house magazine maharashtra ahead, fadnavis described modis government as incredible and invincible india.
the three years of modi government has transformed india to a nation that is fully geared to face challenges and is emerging as a global superpower, he wrote.
the centre allocated rs 3,050 crore to the state government for drought relief, which is the highest ever sanctioned by the centre to any state in the past.
three years of the modi government have also set in motion the process of the partys expansion in maharashtra, with 14,000 vistaraks reaching out to 90,000 booths spread over 40,913 villages in the state.
on an average, every booth has 1,000 people (voters), said a bjp leader.
he said fadnavis has been favouring the builder lobby since he took over as cm in 2014.
(express photo by amit chakravarty) he said fadnavis has been favouring the builder lobby since he took over as cm in 2014.
(express photo by amit chakravarty)mumbai congress president sanjay nirupam has written to prime minister narendra modi, seeking action against chief minister devendrafadnavis over unlocking salt pan land and no development zones for affordable housing in mumbais development plan 2043.
fadnavis has been deliberately trying to defile the ecological balance of mumbai.
it is extremely unfortunate to happen after the world health organisation listed mumbai as the fourth most polluted metropolitan city in the world, said nirupam.
he said fadnavis has been favouring the builder lobby since he took over as cm in 2014.
cm claims it has been unlocked to create affordable housing.
but, looking at the proximity of the land to mumbai, it is bound to be unaffordable for most.
then why is the cm fooling mumbaikars and filling his own coffers, asked nirupam.
the repercussions of the high court order will be more on thane, owing to the large number of old and in some cases unauthorised buildings in its residential zones.
(representational image) the repercussions of the high court order will be more on thane, owing to the large number of old and in some cases unauthorised buildings in its residential zones.
(representational image)the bombay high courts friday order vacating the stay on cluster re-development projects in navi mumbai, thane and suburban areas of mumbai has been welcomed by various stakeholders.
while bureaucrats said the decision would aid in development of congested areas, builders said that the cluster re-development of buildings would improve the lives of many who have had to continue living in dilapidated structures owing to the stay order.
the repercussions of the high court order will be more on thane, owing to the large number of old and in some cases unauthorised buildings in its residential zones.
expressing relief over the decision, thane municipal commissioner sanjeev jaiswal said civic officials had put in a lot of effort to come up with a detailed impact assessment report, prepared considering every eventuality.
it is a big achievement for the tmc since it was the first corporation to submit the impact assessment report to the state government.
after the government resolution is issued, we will form a study team to help with the implementation of the cluster development policy, jaiswal said.
according to the policy, an fsi of four or double the existing, whichever is higher, will be adopted for such projects.
jaiswal added that the policy would bring relief primarily to the congested areas of the city, especially the haphazard and dilapidated buildings and some slums.
many builders pointed out that cluster re-development was the only solution for many dilapidated buildings that stand on small plots.
kailash agarwal, chairperson of one avigna park, a real estate firm, said, it (the hc order) is very good news since cluster re-development is essential for old buildings that have been unable to undergo re-development.
a supreme court ruling mandates that depending on the size of the plot, 8-25 per cent of its area has to be reserved for a recreation ground.
due to this, re-development is impossible in small plots and many projects are halted because of it, he said.
agarwal added that the state government should also amend the rule that mandates consent of 70 per cent of the residents before a redevelopment project can be taken up.
there are always some residents who will hold up the re-development since they either want more money or area.
the government should bring down the requirement to 51 per cent instead, he said.
rajan bandelkar, the managing director of raunak group as well as the vice-president of national real estate development council, lauded the high courts decision.
this policy will help regularise large number of illegal buildings, especially in thane, just as it has done so in countries such as china.
majority of the buildings are dilapidated and are not being developed because of the restrictions.
this will help improve the quality of life of the residents living in such buildings, he said.
after the high courts decision was pronounced on friday, chief minister devendrafadnavis took to twitter to express his views.
his posts said that 30-year-old buildings would be covered under the cluster re-development scheme and 50 per cent of slum area would also be included.
in one of his posts, fadnavis referred to the rulings effect on mumbai suburbs too.
it read, great relief for mumbai suburban too!
with the approval of hon high court, now govt can speed up cluster redevelopment in mumbai suburban.
he added that the decision would pave the way for planned development, with availability of more public amenities and wiser use of spaces.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
gopinath munde was truly a lok neta (peoples leader).
he always worked for the welfare of the backward sections of society.
his politics was a struggle and not compromise, the cm added.
at the event, mp chhatrapati sambhaji raje bhosale, too, highlighted the works of the senior bjp leader, calling munde a leader of the masses.
the ncp mp udayan raje bholsale described munde as his guide and philosopher.
munde was like a father figure, he said.
also present at the event, minister for rural development pankaja munde pledged to take ahead the incomplete works of her late father.
a classroom in a village in nandurbar, one of the eight districts being targeted under the scheme.
rohit gangurde a classroom in a village in nandurbar, one of the eight districts being targeted under the scheme.
rohit gangurdestarting sunday, the maharashtra government is embarking on a novel rural development scheme to reach out to nearly 3,000 villages in the state with poor human development indicators.
partnering with ten corporates, the village social transformation (vst) scheme envisages village-level rural development fellows (rdfs) working in close association with village gram sabhas and gram panchayats to collect basic data, understand their needs and then help a village achieve the goals set for it at the end of the consultation process.
the first batch of 100 fellows, graduates with 60 plus percentage scores selected through an interview process, get a weeks training on how to collect data, at the government administrative training institute yashada in pune.
they will then visit the ideal villages being developed by corporate partners in eight districts to begin with, understand how the work is being done there and then proceed to the villages they will be assigned for the job.
the fellows selected on the basis of their commitment and inclination to work in difficult areas will get a stipend of rs 30,000 per month along with insurance cover of rs 1 lakh for health and rs 5 lakh in case of accident.
ramnath subramaniam, chief executive officer (ceo) of the village social development foundation (vsdf), a specially created government body, said: we have selected 180 fellows in the first stage from among 3,500 applicants desirous of working in difficult areas.
we will take the figure to 1,000 by march next year.
with each fellow covering at least three villages, we hope to cover 3,000 most backward and needy villages in the state over the next three years.
the government will first provide rs 10 lakh for a demonstrative project to be carried out at each of the villages and will then roll out bigger funds after successful completion of that project on the basis of the demand from villages about further items on their own agenda of development.
these will be in addition to the already existing government schemes, he said.
the eight districts where the project is being implemented in the first phase are gadchiroli, amravati, wardha, yavatmal, palghar, nandurbar, raigad and aurangabad.
the scheme aims to raise social development indices of the villages to national best levels.
for example, in the tribal belt of dharni in melghat region of amravati district, always in the news for malnutrition deaths, the scheme aims to lift indices on poverty, doubling monthly farm income, literacy and learning, and infant mortality rate from the current 67 per cent, 8,000-10,000, 41 per cent and 32 respectively to 7 per cent, 18,000-20,000, 71 per cent and 12 respectively.
the ten corporates partners in the project are reliance, axis foundation, jsw, deutsche bank, tata trusts, mahindra, swades foundation, videocon, hdfc bank and hindustan unilever limited.
partners will contribute at least rs 10 crore each and the government will pump in another rs 100 crore.
religious trusts like siddihivinayak and shirdi will also chip in with some good amounts.
the corporate partners will help by sharing the experience of their good work in some of the villages through csr activities with the foundation fellows, subramaniam said.
the foundation will have a government council with chief minister devendrafadnavis as chairman and his principal secretary pravin sinh pardeshi as mentor.
actual implementation will be done by an executive council headed by ceo subramaniam.
fadnavis will address the first batch of 100 rdfs at yashda on sunday to flag off the programme.
b'chief minister devendra fadnavis.
chief minister devendra fadnavis.
one of the main complaints against the draft maharashtra protection of internal security act (mapisa)  termed draconian and a potential harbinger of police raj  is the absence of representation of the political opposition in the state internal security committee, the apex body in charge of monitoring the implementation of the law.
it has now emerged that an earlier version of the draft law did, in fact, include leaders from the opposition in the internal security committee.
there were several other checks and balances as well, all of which were removed in the new draft, which was drawn up within months of the devendrafadnavis government taking over at the end of october 2014.
the indian express has accessed a copy of the original draft, in which its architects  a committee of nine ips officials  had suggested including the leaders of opposition in both the vidhan sabha and vidhan parishad in the governing body under the act.
when contacted, chief minister devendrafadnavis denied knowledge of the original draft, saying he had no information.
this first version of the bill  which took seven months to draw up  is a comprehensive 70-page document divided into nine chapters, defining standard operating procedures (sops) mandated by law, the accountability of each administrative wing of the government, and including stakeholders in the legislature, municipal and local bodies, corporations, and state boards.
no internal security sop is currently mandated by law  a bunch of them is spread across different departments, with no unified command, and laying down no specific accountability.
the new draft  a much lighter 16 pages  was released on august 21.
a six-member governing body led by the home minister is mandated to define the guidelines for internal security, examine emerging intelligence inputs, and summon any official of any government department or local authority for a briefing.
the first draft had been in the making at the office of the director general of police from april 2014.
then dgp sanjeev dayal, the three heads of the law and order portfolio (kl bishnoi and deven bharti for the state, and sadanand date for mumbai), commissioner, intelligence rashmi shukla, ig, establishment k venkatesham, and several other ips officers collected inputs from the ground.
the entire draft was researched and put together by atulchandra kulkarni, who had just returned from his posting at the intelligence bureau.
kulkarni visited several government departments to study their internal security needs, and to update the current status of preparedness and resources available with the government.
kulkarni is currently head of the maharashtra anti-terrorism squad.
the biggest takeaways from the first version were the inclusion of key security shortcomings noticed during the 2008 mumbai terror attacks, as officially recorded in the ram pradhan committee report, and a special emphasis on a state government-designed witness protection scheme.
based on learnings from the ground and a study of measures taken in western countries, the draft bill included aspects like a two-year watch on the activities of terrorists after release from incarceration.
what the new draft calls state internal security committee  the top decisionmaking body  the original draft had called the state security advisory board (ssab), with the chief minister as its chairman.
section 1 in chapter ii of the draft  constitution of state security advisory board  said the new body would be independent of the existing state security commission, and would include among its 11 members the leader of opposition in vidhan sabha, leader of opposition in vidhan parishad, the deputy chief minister, home minister, finance minister, chief secretary, additional chief secretary (home), the state dgp, mumbai police commissioner, and the commissioner, state intelligence department (sid).
the current draft, by contrast, has done away with five of the 11 suggested posts in the apex body  and has the home minister, chief secretary, additional chief secretary (home), dgp and mumbai police commissioner as members, and the commissioner, sid, as member secretary.
the home portfolio is currently with chief minister fadnavis.
at a press meet last week, responding to a question on why the opposition was not included in the working of an intelligence- and security-related act, k p bakshi, acs (home) had said, nowhere is the opposition updated on intelligence alerts or any such sensitive subjects.
on saturday, the chief minister, responding to the public outcry over draconian clauses and police restrictions, said the government would rework the draft bill.
according to officials, the drafting committee had submitted the first draft to chief minister fadnavis in november 2014, who had asked the home department to put it up for discussion among various stakeholders.
officials said the file was finally put up, after a second reminder, in january 2015, and meetings were called from february.
the various stakeholders, overseen by the home and judiciary departments, included officials from the education (there was special emphasis on building resilience against attacks right from the school and college stage), power and energy, health, and finance departments, corporations, maritime bodies, etc.
in the new draft, all responsibilities of all departments and stakeholders  barring the role of the police  have been removed.
the original draft defined the role of a security sub-committee (ssc) to review security arrangements in public and private areas, including large private commercial establishments, residential colonies, schools, hospitals, water reservoirs, water supply schemes, etc.
roles and detailed mitigation strategy were defined, covering the role of the fire brigade, health department and its hospitals, municipal shelters, transit camps, transport establishments, municipal corporations, nagar panchayats and industrial townships.
all chapters and clauses around them have been removed in the new draft, and no clear accountability remains.
asked for a reaction, fadnavis said, i dont have information about draft of 2014, which you are mentioning.
he added: whether its that draft or this draft, it has not come for the consideration of cabinet or government as yet.
the draft was shared by the department for suggestions and objections.
a very premature discussion was started with many misinterpretations.
that is why i have directed the acs home to withdraw that draft from public domain.
a comprehensive draft will be prepared and put up before all-party meeting and after broad consensus it will be placed before cabinet and then for public suggestion and objections.
based on that a draft will be finalised by cabinet and placed before legislature.
since there is no discussion or decision of government, its a very premature discussion.
b'the decision to scrap the tenders was taken during a meeting of the state cabinet, chaired by maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the decision to scrap the tenders was taken during a meeting of the state cabinet, chaired by maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
in a major decision, maharashtra government on tuesday decided to scrap 94 tenders in 14 irrigation projects in the konkan and nashik divisions which are under the anti-corruption bureaus scanner, a move viewed as a setback for ncp leader and former water resources minister ajit pawar who allegedly approved them by tweaking norms.
this includes 81 various works related to gosi-khurd irrigation project in vidarbha region, which has seen a massive cost escalation in last 35 years.
the decision to scrap the tenders was taken during a meeting of the state cabinet, chaired by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the tenders were scrapped as they are under investigation by the acb, a cmo official said.
the move is considered a blow to pawar, who as water resources minister between 1999 and 2009 approved projects worth rs 20,000 crore, allegedly by tweaking rules and without a clearance of governing council of vidarbha irrigation development corporation (vidc).
the 14 irrigation projects includes the controversial kondhana dam in karjat taluka in raigad district, over which former aam aadmi party (aap) leader anjali damania had alleged a rs 72,000 crore irrigation scam.
addressing reporters at mantralaya, water resources minister girish mahajan said the total cost of the scrapped tenders is about rs 3,295 crore.
he said the government will float fresh tenders and the projects will be completed in a time-bound manner.
mahajan said the cabinet also gave its nod to third revised administrative approval to the gosi-khurd project.
he said the government will call for fresh bids and mandate to complete works on gosi-khurd project before june 2019.
the cost of gosi khurd irrigation project which has beentagged as a national project has escalated to rs 18,494 crore from its original cost of rs 372 crore during last 35 years.
the cabinet today gave its nod to the third revised administrative approval to gosi-khurd project, the minister said.
mahajan said the centre will share 90 per cent of the proposed project cost whereas state will share the rest, adding that the total cost escalation in gosi-khurd stands at rs 3,544.
95 crore now.
referring to the decision to grant revised administrative approval to gosi-khurd, the minister said that approvals shall be given while ensuring that they wont affect the ongoing acb probe.
ai application in the home department would help in improved cctvs and detection of criminals using face detection algorithms, fadnavis said.
(source: getty images) ai application in the home department would help in improved cctvs and detection of criminals using face detection algorithms, fadnavis said.
(source: getty images)the maharashtra government will develop artificial intelligence (ai) clusters with foreign partnership, said chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday after he met the vice premier of quebec, dominique anglade, to promote ai whose applications, which the cm said, would help in sustainable farming and agriculture in maharashtra.
ai clusters have the potential to create 230 million jobs in the country by 2025, said fadnavis, who is on a tour to us and canada.
the state it department signed a mou with the institute for data valorisation (ivado) for setting up an ai accelerator in maharashtra.
the ivado is an initiative based in montreal working on setting up ia clusters across countries.
the letter of intent was signed by the two countries.
ai next also signed an agreement with maharashtra government to set up a joint ai accelerator to promote 50 start-up ai units in maharashtra.
ivado and applied ai research institute will work together to set up ai clusters in maharashtra in conjuction with iit mumbai, fadnavis said.
explaining the governments thrust on ai, he said, its applications will help us to bring basic services to the doorstep of people.
in sectors like healthcare, it can help save millions of lives.
exuding confidence on ai generating jobs, he said, we expect development of ai can generate 230 million jobs in the country by year 2025he said maharashtra was the first state in the country to come out with a cloud policy enabling the government to shift its operations to cloud and take advanatge of cloud computing.
amongst core areas where the state government wants to put ai to use includes agriculture, health, home, revenue and social justice.
the chief minister said, ai in agriculture will help farmers to intensify and maximise sowing to reap higher dividends.
from crop patterns to soil health, land topography, satellite or drone images would equip farmers with assured agriculture practices.
ai application in the home department would help in improved cctvs and detection of criminals using face detection algorithms, he said.
ai will also prove fruitful in checking tax evasion and fraud.
in the field of social justice, tackling problems related to disabilities, speech synthesis and transcription for deaf are amongst aspects where ai will be explored, he said.
bjp workers celebrate in front of the party office at nariman point, mumbai, on saturday.
(photo: amit chakravarty) bjp workers celebrate in front of the party office at nariman point, mumbai, on saturday.
(photo: amit chakravarty)the uttar pradesh election results have the regional parties in maharashtra worried as they believe the consolidation of bjp could prove detrimental to their electoral growth in the 2019 lok sabha and assembly elections.
the shiv sena and the nationalist congress party, which have political reckoning both in the state and the centre, believe the electoral rout of the samajwadi party and bahujan samaj party in up could be a lesson for them in maharashtra.
while the sena is an alliance partner of bjp, both in the state and the centre, the ncp has been trying to reaffirm its main opposition party role in the state post 2014 lok sabha and assembly elections.
post the demonetisation policy of prime minister narendra modi, both shiv sena president uddhav thackeray and ncp president sharad pawar had made it a common cause with all the regional parties across the country including samajwadi party, bahujan samaj party, trinamool congress and biju janata dal.
shiv sena mp sanjay raut, while acknowledging the huge mandate in favour of the bjp said, with this results let us hope the bjp would end lord rams exile.
the shiv senas dig was at the bjp which has failed to keep its promise of building a ram temple at ayodhya.
political managers in the sena said, the increasing conflict between sena and bjp is for political one-upmanship in maharashtra.
unlike the bjp which has a pan-india presence, uddhav thackerays party is confined to maharashtra boundaries.
in the 288 seat state assembly, the bjp leads with 122 seats, while the shiv sena has 63 seats, congress has 42 seats, and ncp has 41 seats.
for the sena and ncp, the bigger worry is the bjps ability to make inroads through social engineering amongst the other backward castes including dalits and tribals, once their traditional vote banks.
the ncp which rode to electoral success with maratha, dalit and muslim vote base finds the bjp denting its strongholds through the developmental agenda and weaning away all caste and communities through new permutations and combinations at the grassroots as seen in the recently held elections to 10 municipal corporations, 25 zilla parishads and 283 panchayat samitis.
the bjp strategists reveal, in the last two and half years modi and fadnavis have worked in tandem when it came to pursuing the dalit agenda aggressively along with other states that reaped positive results in up.
the decision to purchase dr br ambedkars london house or build a grand ambedkar memorial at indu mills was part of the ongoing exercise to reach out to dalits.
in fact, inauguration of the projects was done by modi and fadnavis in london and mumbai.
another significant shift is the concept of inclusive politics and development pushed by chief minister devendrafadnavis in the state on the lines of the centres policy.
the sena and mns which thrived on sons of the soil politics by raking up the anti-migrant plank, have found that they no longer connects with the masses.
insiders in the bjp said, while caste is a reality, our partys approach is to provide space for growth to every segment politically, socially and economically.
this is where the regional parties like sena, ncp and mns are finding it hard to cope with the bjps challenge of new age politics.
opposition legislators on wednesday demanded a probe by the cyber cell into the alleged leak of maharashtra budget provisions on finance minister sudhir mungantiwars twitter handle before presentation in the assembly.
advertisingncp leader jayant patil said in the state assembly that the budget provisions were known outside before the finance ministers presentation in the lower house on tuesday.
he lamented that chief minister devendrafadnavis and mungantiwar justified the tweets.
fadnavis and mungantiwar on tuesday dismissed the budget leak charge, saying the provisions were put out on twitter 15 minutes after the finance minister began his budget speech in the assembly.
advertisingthis is not justified, patil said and demanded that the cybercrime investigation cell probe the alleged leak.
to this, speaker haribhau bagade said he would accept the demand for probe if sufficient proof was submitted.
earlier several lawmakers, including ncps ajit pawar, patil and dhananjay munde, held a demonstration over the issue in the state legislature premises.
the government leaked the budget on twitter even before it was presented before the legislature by mungantiwar on tuesday.
we are protesting against the governments such an irresponsible approach.
we want a probe into the matter by the cyber cell, munde said.
rss ideologue m g vaidya rss ideologue m g vaidyain a jibe at rss ideologue m g vaidya over his remarks on dividing maharashtra into four smaller states, the shiv sena on monday said chief minister devendrafadnavis should consider him for the states top honour maharashtra bhushan.
by asking for smaller states to be carved out of maharashtra, he is only putting forth his view, which everybody has a right to do in a democracy.
many a times some peoples love for pakistan also keeps sprouting now and then, an editorial in party mouthpiece saamana said.
vaidya should be invited to mumbai and lauded for his views.
maharashtra chief minister should consider honouring this person, who has such great views, with a maharashtra bhushan award, the sena said.
watch what else is making newsthe senas comment slamming vaidya, a former spokesperson of the rss, comes in the backdrop of his speech in nagpur last week, where he had reiterated his stand on the division of maharashtra into four states.
i am a pro-vidarbha person and a separate vidarbha should be carved out.
any state should not have a population of more than three crore.
there should not be any need for protest for small states, vaidya had said.
vaidya had often advocated division of maharashtra into vidarbha, marathwada including khandesh, konkan, and western maharashtra and the official language of all these states would remain marathi.
he had also also suggested constitution a state reorganisation commission and each state should have restricted population.
the sena, however, has vehemently opposed the idea of division of maharashtra.
b'while noting that shortlisting of insurance companies were delayed due to applications received at an eleventh hour, fadnavis said, this has led to farmers queuing up outside offices in every district.
(source: file) while noting that shortlisting of insurance companies were delayed due to applications received at an eleventh hour, fadnavis said, this has led to farmers queuing up outside offices in every district.
(source: file)the state government saturday directed crop insurance companies in the state to extend their deadlines to facilitate farmers to enroll themselves in the prime ministers crop insurance scheme.
the objective of the pm crop insurance scheme is to inculcate confidence into the farmers reeling under drought.
we have noted that with august 2 as the deadline, all farmers will not be able to avail of the insurance scheme, said chief minister devendra fadnavis.
while noting that shortlisting of insurance companies were delayed due to applications received at an eleventh hour, fadnavis said, this has led to farmers queuing up outside offices in every district.
the centre had set august 2, 2016 as the last date for farmers to enroll for crop insurance.
fadnavis also spoke tounion ministers at the centre and sought the extension for the crop insurance scheme.
the pm crop insurance scheme has received overwhelming response because of the slew of incentives to cover small farmers with less land holdings.
while extending the insurance cover, it has ensured the farmers are not burdened with premium.
the state government has set up six clusters districtwise assigned to insurance companies.
in the first cluster  which include latur, akola, hingoli, sangli and thane  iffco tokio is the insurance company.
for the second and third clusters comprising osmanabad, nanded, aurangabad, nandurbar, sindhudurg, raigad, jalna, solapur, washim, satara, bhandara farmers will avail the crop insurance scheme from bharatiya krishi bima yojna.
both fourth cluster parbhani, amravati, wardha, dhule, gadchiroli and fifth cluster buldhan, yavatmal, chandrapur, nagpur and kolhapur has reliance as its insurance giver.
the sixth cluster beed, ahmednagar, ratnagiri and pune is depending on hdfc agro insurance company.
advertisingfadnavis  who heads a high-powered committee of chief ministers, which is discussing reforms for raising farmers income and transformation of agriculture  said, a majority of the states hold the view that intervention was necessary in extreme conditions.
contending that removing stocking limits from agriculture commodities would lead to organised trading and bring about more capital investment into the trade, niti aayog, the federal policy think-tank, had pitched for a withdrawal of agriculture goods from the acts ambit.
following the opposition, the niti aayog recommended cutting down on the discretionary powers of the states and the centre to impose stocking limits.
advertisingthe niti aayog has suggested that stock restrictions should be imposed in cases where the (retail) price escalation of a commodity has shot up by over 50 per cent its normal rate, said fadnavis.
the contentious proposal was discussed at the committee meeting in mumbai on friday.
besides fadnavis, madhya pradesh cm kamal nath, gujarat cm vijay rupani, union agriculture minister narendra singh tomar were also present at the meeting, while haryana cm manohar lal khattar took part in the deliberations via video conferencing.
while cms of punjab, uttar pradesh, odisha and karnataka, who are also members of the committee, were not present, most had sent their representatives to participate in the discussions.
fadnavis said that an opinion has been sought from the states over the niti aayogs recommendation of not imposing stocking restrictions where price escalations were below 50 per cent.
some farmer welfare organisations too have been demanding withdrawal of such stocking limits.
meanwhile, the centre has also re-initiated deliberations with states over allowing cultivation of genetically modified crops as a tool to boost productions.
the move comes at a time when the haryana government has begun a crackdown on illegal cultivation of genetically modified brinjal in the state.
in fact, insect-resistant (bt) cotton and bt brinjal have been at the heart of the debate over the cultivation of genetically modified crops for several years.
while maharashtra had briefly lifted the ban on bt cotton in 2013, it was reinstated following opposition in 2015.
gm crops are banned in all states.
we have sought the opinions of the states.
this would be submitted in the next meeting, said fadnavis.
the attempt is to evolve consensus over whether gm crops should be permitted or otherwise, or whether they can be permitted in a controlled environment.
deliberations were also held on the centres draft legislation on agriculture produce and livestock marketing (promotion & facilitation) act, 2017, circulated by the union ministry of agriculture and farmers welfare to the states.
consultations are directed towards making suitable changes to improve the ability of the agriculture economys response to market fluctuations.
changes to the provisions for national agriculture markets and gramin agriculture market initiatives, to make them more stakeholder friendly, were also discussed.
states have also been asked to recommend measures to increase food processing and exports, said fadnavis.
the committee is expected to submit its report by october end.
b'chief minister devendra fadnavis.
chief minister devendra fadnavis.
chief minister devendrafadnavis may frequently take to twitter to thank donors to the chief ministers relief fund, but officers handling the fund seem to have little or no clue about the donors themselves.
in a response to an rti query by the indian express, the public information officer (pio) ofthe chief ministers relief fund has said that record of the names of individual donors contributing towards the fund had not been maintained and was unavailable.
asked to furnish a list of individuals or companies or organisations or other entities who had contributed to the fund over the last one year, the pio chose to not divulge the same.
donations to the chief ministers relief fund are in the form of bank statements.
no record of individual donors is available with the office, was the reply to the rti query.
like prime minister narendra modi, fadnavis has been active on social media, especially twitter.
other than posts on cabinet decisions, pictures of the donors to the chief ministers relief fund are also put up on fadnaviss twitter account, along with a thank you message.
watch video: whats making newson july 5, fadnaviss twitter account had thanked the employees of the kamthi panchayat samite for their donation of rs 1.
65 lakh to the fund.
the cms twitter handle has recorded 8 such instances.
according to former central information commissioner (cic) shailesh gandhi, the dichotomy between the official rti reply and the social media outreach of the chief minister is a case of either purposeful misunderstanding or genuine non-comprehension of the question by the pio.
over the last year or so such, misunderstandings seem to be on the rise in the case of rti queries, he said.
gandhi said his own application pertaining to grievance redressal had met with a similar stonewalling with the pio denying the information sought saying such disclosure might harm relations with foreign governments.
denial of information is actually a denial of the freedom of expression, he said.
rti activist vijay kumbhar said the denial of information raised questions about the functioning of the fund itself.
the pio should have given the information in any format they have.
this is purposeful denial of information and shows the dual standards of the government when it comes to transparency, he said.
the rti reply, he said, insinuated that the chief ministers relief fund might have donations from unaccounted sources.
the state government is likely to urge the centre to include five new destinations in project udan to promote regional air connectivity.
the emphasis would be on vidarbha and konkan region.
a day earlier, the centre had given its nod to regional air connectivity projects in tier-ii cities in marathwada, north maharashtra and western maharashtra.
the centres decision to sanction rac to nanded, jalgaon.
kolhapur, solapur and nashik has paved the way for creating new developmental modules beyond the golden triangle of mumbai-pune-nashik.
the other five towns vying to make it to udan are amravati, gondia, shirdi, ratnagiri, and sindhudurg.
the state governments target is to bring udan to at least 25 second tier towns with an objectivity of better connectivity and communication.
highly placed sources in the government revealed: chief minister devendrafadnavis plans to use the development for industrial and agriculture growth in the backward regions.
among the factors which often thwarted development of second tier cities/towns were distance and poor connectivity.
according to the report, all the five cities which have been shortlisted in udan have the potential to emerge as agro-industrial hubs.
on august 23, 2016, fadnavis had signed an mou with union minister for civil aviation ashok gajapathi raju for regional air connectivity in ten districts across maharashtra.
officials said: maharashtra was the first state to sign the agreement for regional air connectivity for development of ten districts out of its 36 districts.
while seeking viability gap funds from centre, state policy has provisions for giving concessions for infrastructure to meet the requirements of air traffic.
under the project, the centre has promised concessions on aviation turbine fuel on regional connectivity scheme routes to private airline operators.
the ceiling on rs 2500 for an hourlong flight, government believes, would not only promote passenger traffic but also work as an incentive for new entrepreneurs.
the concessions on land and vat are other aspects being worked out by the state government.
the states regional plan for 11 districts and developmental plan for 193 cities will be projecting the centre-states drive through regional connectivity.
sources said: of the total 250 cities/towns and semi towns in the state, in almost 80 per cent, poor connectivity and distance were detrimental to growth.
through regional connectivity,the government wants to break that barrier.
according to data provided by the department of industrial policy and promotion, maharashtra has taken the lead in attracting the highest number of industrial proposals to commensurate with employment.
overall, data between 1991 and 2016 show maharashtra has approved 19,437 industrial proposals with an investment worth rs 11,37,783 crore.
the total number of projects commissioned were 8,664 (44.
6 per cent) with an investment of rs 2,69,814 crore (23.
7 per cent).
in terms of employment, 11.
45 lakh jobs have been generated.
apart from these, 2,017 projects with a cumulative investment of rs 87,701 crore and projected employment of 2.
98 lakh are in the process of being implemented.
although the state appears to have fared better than others in both attracting investments and generating employment, its overall potential remains untapped, said a senior official.
citing the example of make in india, where maharashtra got the highest investment proposals he said: to achieve the target, we have to multiply our efforts.
in 2015-16, in all 340 projects with an investment of rs 30,580 crore and proposed employment of 0.
3 lakh were approved.
in a bid to decongest mumbai, the countrys commercial capital, the government has decided to restrict heights of buildings in proportion to the width of roads that serve them.
under the plan, narrower the road, lesser will be the vertical limit for buildings around it, and vice versa.
on may 2 this year, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also heads the urban development department, had applied this concept for all other municipalities with the exception of mumbai through a revision in the governments policy pertaining to transferable development rights (tdr) or development rights certificate.
in the case of mumbai  touted as indias highrise capital  the plan was put on hold, following complaints from developers and a section of town planners that it would make redevelopment of old properties abutting narrow roads unviable.
the tdr or development rights certificate allows developers construction rights over and above the base fsi permitted when they construct or redevelopment buildings.
it is generated when the developer or a land owner surrenders land for reserved public amenities in built-up form or rehouse slum dwellers or project affected persons free a cost.
another reason behind deferring of the plan was that unlike many other municipalities, development control regulations for mumbai allow builders to avail additional construction rights or floor space index (fsi) in the form of fungible fsi, a senior official said.
but now, four months later, the government has taken up the proposal to extend the same concept to mumbai.
sources confirmed to the indian express that the revision in tdr norms for mumbai was underway.
keen to project the new policy as an achievement of the government in the run-up to the upcoming mumbai municipality polls, sources confirmed that the chief minister-led urban development department will soon roll out the new policy.
the bjp governments keenness to unveil the policy ahead of elections stems from another feature in the policy, which makes tdr utilisation universal across mumbai.
the tdr can now be used only in suburbs of mumbai.
even within the suburbs, the rider is that it can only be loaded on properties situated to the north of the plot from which it was generated.
a cartel of developers control the tdr market at present.
there have been a spate of complaints that this cartel often resorts to artificially hiking tdr rates, which in turn impact affordability of houses.
it is felt that by allowing it to be utilised all across the city, the demand will increase, and regulate the supply of the development tool, said a senior bjp minister.
further, in order to check the practice of generating tdr from pockets of lower market value and loading it on areas where the market value is higher, the government has indexed the tdr value with the market values on both sides.
according to the proposal, no tdr will be permissible on plots abutting roads that are less than 9 meters or 30feet wide.
there is no such cap now.
while developers and some civic town planners have argued that this would hit the viability of redevelopment projects in the proximate areas, a senior official said the government had plans not to extend the restriction in maximum permissible built-up area for slum rehabilitation schemes, redevelopments of cessed properties, mhada colonies, dilapidated buildings, urban renewal schemes, among others.
also, such roads make up for about 10 per cent of mumbais road network.
such properties will have the option of offering land for road widening projects than avail tdr, said a source.
further, while the new policy is not expected to lead to any change in permissible built-up space for plots surrounding roads that are 30-60 feet wide, which account for around 60 per cent of mumbais road network, the new policy is expected to provide additional construction rights for properties abutting roads over 60 feet wide.
for those in the vicinity of roads 90 feet wide or more, the revised tdr policy could result in a windfall, sources confirmed.
wary of being criticised for doling out fsi perks in such cases, the government has plans to cap the maximum built-up space permissible to 3.
5 times the plot size even in such cases.
the restrictions on utilisation of tdr in sensitive areas such as gaothans and other regions falling in the coastal regulation zone belt will continue, sources confirmed.
the budget session of the state legislature began on a stormy note on monday, with the congress and ncp-led opposition parties boycotting governor ch vidyasagar raos address to the joint sitting of both houses to voice their protest against his recent remarks on the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss).
advertisingearlier this month, at an event at ramtek in vidarbha, rao had described the rss as one of the most secular and inclusive organisations.
he also lauded the social work of the organisation in diverse fields and said it has always respected the right of individuals to practice their own faith.
condemning the remarks, the opposition members skipped raos annual address at central hall and staged a demonstration on the steps of vidhan bhavan.
the opposition members also shouted anti-government slogans.
advertisingclaiming that the governors post was above party and politics, senior congress leader and former chief minister prithviraj chavan said, when you have a governor proudly declaring his rss links and generously praising the organisation, it is highly condemnable.
leader of opposition in the legislative council, dhananjay munde, said they decided to boycott the address because they were doubtful if it will be the governors address or that of a rss person.
ideally, governors post is always constitutional.
but here we have a governor who openly supports the rss.
so, we were wondering whether his joint address to the state legislature on budget session would be in the interest of maharashtra or for taking the rss agenda ahead.
since we were not sure, we decided to boycott (the address), he said.
the boycott invited sharp rebuke from the ruling bjp and shiv sena leaders.
senior bjp leader raj purohit accused the opposition parties of undermining the constitutional post of the governor by not attending the joint address.
they are trying to play politics and unnecessarily dragging the governor by citing his speech out of context.
on sunday, opposition parties had boycotted the customary tea party hosted by chief minister devendrafadnavis on the eve of the interim budget session.
they said the state government should not announce any populist or policy decisions during the six-day session.
the vote-on-account, which will have budget provisions till july 31, will be tabled on february 27.
b'ten cities from maharashtra, that are a part of the centres smart city mission, have collectively submitted projects worth rs 32,000 crore to the centre.
ten cities from maharashtra, that are a part of the centres smart city mission, have collectively submitted projects worth rs 32,000 crore to the centre.
prime minister narendra modis smart city initiative has courted a fresh row in maharashtra with chief minister devendrafadnavis nominating senior government secretaries to head various city-level special purpose vehicles (spvs).
the contentious move comes just as the debate is raging on some of the curbs that the state had imposed on such spvs a month earlier.
ten cities from maharashtra, that are a part of the centres smart city mission, have collectively submitted projects worth rs 32,000 crore to the centre.
while the centre has mandated formation of spvs at the city level for implementation of various projects, the chief minister has now reversed his own decision to let civic commissioners head these spvs, which has city elected representatives, bureaucrats from the centre and the state, and experts as members.
the cm-led urban development department issued orders thursday replacing civic commissioners with senior state government secretaries to head these spvs.
these secretaries were earlier drafted in as mentors to guide the city for implementing projects.
requesting anonymity, a senior government official said that the latest decision came after questions were raised over a couple of proposals from a civic chief that were adopted by the spv he headed.
although the state procurement policy disallows awarding contracts beyond rs 3 lakh without tendering, the civic chief in question had allegedly proposed grant of discretionary powers to allot contracts and works up to rs 10 crore as the spv chairpersons.
the same bureaucrat had further proposed allotment of a 50-crore plus consultancy contract to a foreign player for a water supply project.
state government officials who inquired about the project found the contract fee to be unreasonably high, the senior official said.
watch | smart city project to take off in 13 more citieslast month, the government had imposed certain curbs which included a rider that directives issued by it time to time will be binding on all spvs.
making annual audits from the comptroller and auditor general (cag) of india mandatory for all spvs, the government has also ruled that the states procurement policy would be applicable.
an approval from a chief secretary-led high powered committee has also been mandatory for all public private partnership (ppp) projects under the mission that run over rs 50 crore.
justifying nomination of state government secretaries to head the spvs, the uds order states, most of the projects under the smart city mission are to be implemented under the ppp route, which would involve entering into agreements and contracts with multi national and international companies.
the spvs would also need to raise loans and liabilities on behalf of the municipalities.
in order that this is done in a transparent and professional manner, it was felt that senior administrators from the civic services be appointed to head such bodies.
but this does not appear to have gone down well with the municipalities.
sources confirmed that a senior functionary from one civic body had even approached the centre questioning the state government decision.
bjps ally shiv sena, which controls some of the municipalities in question, had already joined the opposition in objecting to the formation of the spvs, and had argued that it diluted powers of the local bodies.
the cm had later pacified the ally by appointing civic chiefs as the spv heads and including city elected representatives as independent directors on these bodies.
the latest curbs are expected to fray nerves further.
pune, solapur, navi mumbai, thane, nashik, nagpur, kalyan dombivli, aurangabad, amravati, and solapur are part of the smart city mission from maharashtra.
of these, pune and solapur have been included in the first batch of 20 cities across the country where the mission is already being implemented.
following the cms order, nitin kareer, principal secretary, urban development-i, will head the pune smart city development corporation, whereas milind mhaiskar, a principal secretary in the cmo, will lead the solapur spv.
union minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju at a function organised to mark buddha purnima at gateway of india on wednesday.
(source: express photo) union minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju at a function organised to mark buddha purnima at gateway of india on wednesday.
(source: express photo)dr babasaheb ambedkar will soon come to be associated with digital currency on account of the bhim mobile application, not unlike the manner in which mahatma gandhi is now associated with paper currency, said maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday.
speaking at a function organised to mark buddha purnima and attended by union minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju along with several ministers from the maharashtra cabinet, fadnavis said, like earlier people said gandhi dena, colloquially, while referring to paper currency, in future they will say bhim dena, referring to digital currency.
while speaking at the event held at the gateway of india, rijiju said while military gains were temporary, spiritual victory was permanent.
rijiju also praised ambedkar and said he was like god to him for being able to fight his circumstances and emerge victorious.
union minister ramdas athawale was also present.
he said even when prime minister narendra modi goes abroad, he proudly says that he is from the land of the buddha.
he added that today there was a need for peace internationally.
he added, there is also a need of peace between india and pakistan.
till the time there is no peace between the two countries, there cannot be world peace.
b'narayan rane files his nomination for the polls on tuesday.
pti photo narayan rane files his nomination for the polls on tuesday.
pti photowith the bjp deciding to field six candidates and back one independent for the legislative council polls, speculation is rife about the possibility of a contest, which may unsettle the ncps design to get its two candidates, ramraje nimbalkar and dhananjay munde, elected.
there is, however, unrest within the party over the choice of candidates.
the nominations saw high drama tuesday, exposing internal bickering.
the bjp candidates include party general secretary sujitsingh thakur, praveen darekar, r n singh and prasad lad.
the party has also fielded manoj kotak as an independent candidate, eliciting support from smaller and independent groups.
the other two candidates who filed nominations are vinayak mete (shiv sangram) and sadabhau khot (swabhimani shetkari sanghatana).
the bjp, which has 123 mlas, can safely get only four candidates elected as the vote quota required for each candidate is 27 mlas.
insiders in the party said there was a possibility of the party withdrawing at least two candidates in the next 48 hours.
old guards in the party questioned the nomination of r n singh, prasad lad and praveen darekar throughout the day, calling them outsiders.
sensing the unrest, a meeting of the mumbai bjp has been convened on wednesday.
many in the party held mumbai bjp chief ashish shellar responsible for the situation, saying he selected the council candidates keeping bmc elections in mind, meting out injustice to the loyalists in the process.
chief minister devendrafadnavis is likely to intervene to placate the angry voices.
party chief spokesperson madhav bhandari, who was also vying for a council seat, is likely to be accommodated in the government.
fadnavis said, the party will give senior leader madhav bhandari responsibility to steer a flagship programme with full rank and status of government.
however, efforts to boost north indian base of the party by bringing r n singh has led to factions within the mumbai north indian unit.
sources said late in the evening a formal decision on which candidates to retain would be taken in next 48 hours.
they said backing independent candidate manoj kotak was a ploy to keep the ncp on tenterhooks.
the ncp, with 41 mlas, is trying to mobilise votes from the congress and the shiv sena to get two candidates elected.
nimbalkar is chairman of the legislative council and dhananjay munde is leader of the opposition.
top leadership in the congress too expressed disappointment over fielding only one candidate, senior leader narayan rane.
a former minister said, we should have fielded at least two candidates.
why have we decided to transfer our surplus votes to ncp.
the ncp has always worked at cross purposes against congress.
the congress with 42 votes can get rane elected with just 27.
however, mpcc chief ashok chavan said, the vote share of congress and ncp ensures we can win only three seats.
so we allowed ncp two and settled for one.
in bargain, ncp has promised to give us support for two candidates in 2018.
shiv sena has confined itself to two candidates  senior ministers subash desai and diwakar raote.
it has 63 mlas and can easily get both elected.
together with the congresss surplus 15 votes, the additional nine votes of the sena can ensure smooth passage for ncps two candidates.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday expressed confidence that the bjp will come back to power in the state with an unprecedented mandate after the upcoming assembly polls.
advertisingfadnavis said his ongoing mahajanadesh yatra has so far covered over 3,000 km and reached out to over 100 constituencies (out of the total 288) in the state.
wherever we go, the yatra is being welcomed by people and getting a huge response.
looking at the peoples support, we are sure that we will get an unprecedented victory in the assembly polls, he told reporters here.
fadnavis on saturday visited some tehsils in pune as part of the third leg of his mass outreach campaign.
advertisingtaking a swipe at ncp workers protest in baramati town here against his yatra, fadnavis wondered if article 370 (that earlier granted special status to jammu and kashmir but was recently abrogated) was imposed in sharad pawars bastion so as to not allow any other party to hold a rally there.
his remarks came when reporters asked him about some ncp workers allegation that police used lathi-charge when they shouted slogans during fadnavis mass outreach campaign in baramati on saturday.
read | fadnavis: pulled up party leaders for erecting hoardings to welcome methe police earlier denied that lathi-charge was used.
my first question about the protest was how many people (ncp workers) were therethere were only seven people, and is there any need for police to resort to lathi-charge for seven people?
fadnavis asked.
when the police chased them, they ran away, he said.
i would like to ask them, will it be okay if our party workers create ruckus in public meetings held by sharad pawaris it the way?
he said.
he asked if there was a rule that nobody from other parties should hold a public rally in baramati.
is there an article 370 imposed in baramati or is baramati separate from maharashtra?
he quipped.
fadnavis said if the opposition parties come to bjps strongholds for public meetings, his party would help them.
what is the problemultimately we live in a democracy, and in a democratic system, everybody has the right to hold public meeting, but what kind of a way it is that the chief minister should not enter their (ncp) town and hold a meeting?
he asked.
also read | fadnavis by side, two heavyweights from congress and ncp join bjpasked about the alleged multi-crore irrigation in which ncp leader and former deputy chief minister ajit pawars name has cropped up, he said the case was in the last phase as its final hearing was underway in the bombay high court.
whatever proofs and reports we have, we are submitting them in the court in the form of affidavitsall the things before the high court are crystal clear, he said.
on some ncp leaders saying that sharad pawar had to face problems because of udayanraje bhosale, the party mp who joined the bjp on saturday, fadnavis said it now appears to be a case of sour grapes.
when bhosale was in the party, the ncp projected him and sought votes.
when their shiv swarajya yatra (a pre-poll mass contact programme) was announced, the ncp wanted that he should lead it and an announcement was made about it,he said.
now (that) he has left, he has become badi think people of maharashtra will give a reply to the ncp in the elections, the chief minister said.
bhosale, a descendant of warrior king chhatrapati shivaji maharaj, on saturday quit his lok sabha membership from satara to join the ruling bjp.
fadnavis expressed confidence that bhosale will win the by-election from satara with a huge margin.
talking about his agenda for next five years if his party comes back to power, fadnavis said in the last five years, his governments thrust was on watershed management.
advertisingin the next five years, our focus will be on making the state drought-free by diverting excess rainwater to scarcity-hit and rain-deficit districts, he added.
the letter comes against the backdrop of reports that the state government has decided to sell a 30-acre plot of land in bandra to raise funds for the proposed mumbai-nagpur expressway, the cms rs 45,000-crore pet project.
(file) the letter comes against the backdrop of reports that the state government has decided to sell a 30-acre plot of land in bandra to raise funds for the proposed mumbai-nagpur expressway, the cms rs 45,000-crore pet project.
(file)yuva sena chief aaditya thackeray on saturday asked maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to keep a portion of the land in suburban bandra for playgrounds which the state government reportedly plans to sell to fund the mumbai-nagpur expressway.
i read a newspaper report about plans to sell msrdc (maharashtra state road development corporation) land in bandra reclamation to fund this mega project, aaditya said.
other projects have always been funded by selling off land in mumbai.
the government should set aside some of this land for playgrounds for mumbaikars, aaditya, son of shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, said in a letter to the cm.
the letter comes against the backdrop of reports that the state government has decided to sell a 30-acre plot of land in bandra to raise funds for the proposed mumbai-nagpur expressway, the cms rs 45,000-crore pet project.
given its prime location, the plot adjacent to bandra- worli sea link, is likely to fetch upwards of rs 2,000 crore, the report mentioned.
the mumbai-nagpur expressway project is being executed by the maharashtra state road development corporation, and the state government is in touch with both national and multilateral lenders like the asian development bank and the world bank for financing it.
the supreme court on tuesday reserved its order on a plea challenging the election of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , on the ground that he had not disclosed details of two criminal cases against him while filing his nomination in 2014, even as it sought to know why the allegations should not be proved in trial.
advertisinga bench headed by chief justice ranjan gogoi, and comprising justices deepak gupta and aniruddha bose reserved the verdict with the petitioners counsel, senior advocate vivek tankha, insisting that fadnavis was required under the law to disclose the details.
appearing for the cm, senior advocate mukul rohatgi contested the claim.
tankha submitted that fadnavis had not disclosed details of two criminal cases.
as per sc directions, a candidate has to disclose the details of cases in which cognizance has been taken by the trial court, he said.
rohatgi contested the charge and said even if there was such non-disclosure, it will only lead to rejection of nomination and not attract section 125a of the representation of the people act.
advertisingunder the section, if a candidate or his proposer fails to furnish or gives false information or conceals it on issues like pending criminal cases, in the nomination paper, then the person may be awarded six months jail term or fine or both.
i have disclosed details of 23 cases.
the question is will it attract section 125a if i forget to give details of two cases.
the answer is no, said rohatgi.
the court then wondered if the same should not be proved in trial.
maybe it was a bonafide mistake.
but should it not be proved in trial ?
asked the cji.
rohatgi said no offence was made out under the relevant sections.
the petition was filed by advocate satish ukey.
devendra fadnavis at the bhoomi pujan of the infrastructure projects on monday.
(express photo by deepak joshi) devendrafadnavis at the bhoomi pujan of the infrastructure projects on monday.
(express photo by deepak joshi)the government has decided to fast track the rs 1.
of the total projects, rs 50,000 crore have been earmarked for thane district.
chief minister performed the bhoomi pujan for elevated road and tunnel connecting thane-belapur road and national highway (nh-4).
the construction of 3.
5 km stretch will complete in 40 months.
fadnavis said, the government is committed to complete all the mega-infrastructure projects worth rs 1.
5 lakh crore within the set time period and would accord highest priority to the bhoomi putras (sons of soil) in terms of extending the compensation package and rehabilitation.
referring to the ongoing infrastructure projects, he said, the work on mumbai trans harbour link, metro railway, coastal road, water transport, ro-ro services are in various phases of progress and we are determined to complete these projects.
the governments focus on pushing infrastructure projects in thane is to cater to the rapid growth, which has overburdened the existing infrastructure.
the biggest metro projects are in thane and would be completed within next two to three years.
along with road and rail network, plans are ready for water transport including ro-ro services.
indicating that every project would ensure participation of the sons of the soil, fadnavis said, the administration will ensure strict watch on the quality of work.
a proposal of the maharashtra revenue department to treat a portion of the arabian sea foreshore in south mumbai as revenue land has been cleared by the state government.
this, officials say, sets an unhealthy precedent since it amounts to recognising unauthorised reclamation.
advertisingofficial documents obtained by the indian express under the right to information act show that on july 15, chief minister devendrafadnavis approved in principle the revenue departments proposal to treat a foreshore portion on the seaward side of the high tide line (htl) in the nepean sea road area as revenue land.
mumbais latest coastal zone management plan, approved by the centre on august 16, 2018, shows that the portion in question is located in the inter-tidal zone.
the union environment ministry, in its latest czmp for mumbai, placed the foreshore portion in the ecologically sensitive coastal regulation zone-ib, where no construction or development can be undertaken with the exception of foreshore facilities like ports, harbours and jetties among others.
also readd | no development possible on nepeansea road foreshorethe documents also show that the revenue department had processed the proposal after slum developer, m/s dlpl infrastructure llp, had approached fadnavis in this regard.
on september 26, 2016, in a letter to the cm, the developer requested him to issue directives to the mumbai (city) collector for providing a cadastral survey number to the foreshore land for a slum redevelopment project to be undertaken on it.
on september 29, the department forwarded the developers demand to the mumbai collector, on which the cm noted, collector of mumbai, examine and do the needful.
advertisingreached for comment, fadnavis said, the government has only given in-principle approval to survey the foreshore land and to give cadastral survey number to the land parcel determined as a result of the survey.
the government letter to the mumbai collector in this regard is limited to this in-principle approval only.
the developability of the land parcel shall be subject to crz laws and mumbais development regulations.
a noc from the environment department had been obtained before giving the in-principle approval.
there is no illegality or favouritism done.
the office of maharashtras settlement commissioner, which oversees land measurements and surveys, had earlier recorded on the file that when the lands in mumbai were surveyed, the portion in question was under water.
the developers letter also acknowledges that the portion is a foreshore land.
contending that a slum pocket, measuring about 21,528 sq ft and comprising 100 shanties, had come up on the land, the letter stated that a proposal for in-situ redevelopment of the slum dwellers  they have formed a collective called the shivaji nagar chs (proposed)  had earlier been admitted by the state-run slum rehabilitation authority (sra), the developer complained that it had not progressed further as the land survey number had not been given.
while his letter claims that the slum scheme was submitted in 2011 itself, documents show that on august 27, 2015, when it was admitted, sras then ceo aseem gupta imposed the rider that the scheme may be submitted but nothing should be processed further till the cs no.
is given to the land by the superintendent of land records (slr).
he also asked the mumbai collector to take necessary steps as per legal provisions for surveying the portion, deciding its ownership, and issuing an independent property card after prior government approval.
as the developer argued that the slum dwellers had been residing on the property for the last 30-40 years, an october 17, 2018 report from the settlement commissioners office indicated that the slums had come up after illegal reclamation.
kishor tavrej, the then deputy director (land records), wrote, the slum exists along the shore.
when the lands in mumbai were surveyed, the portion was found to be under water.
the slum has clearly come up on the portion later.
the environment department, too, said that the land in question was a foreshore.
it reasoned that under crz regulation, no development or construction was possible.
the developer, meanwhile, maintained that the land was situated in the less restrictive crz-ii zone.
the rti documents show that two previous mumbai collectors, ashwini joshi and sampada mehta, had pointed out to the government that there was no policy for surveying and granting revenue land status for foreshores.
meanwhile, the settlement commissioners office also cautioned the government over the broader implications of the move.
tavrej, in his report, stated, it is felt that the government should take a conscious decision in this regard, considering that similar demands could be raised in future as well.
it should examine the impact (of the move) on the shoreline, the coastal environment, and the crz.
on june 13, 2017, mehta, then mumbai collector, had even questioned the developers authority to seek the land survey.
the sra has clarified that it hasnt approved the slum scheme yet.
there are no papers or supporting documents to validate the developers status.
mehta also pointed out that in 2014, the state government itself had turned down a proposal to similarly grant survey numbers for two foreshore lands in banganga citing crz norms.
reached for comment, additional chief secretary (revenue) manu kumar srivastava said: we have just labelled the portion as land.
it is for the competent authority to independently decide whether the land is developable or not.
kirtikar says the bjp grabs works which boosts its popularity.
source: amit chakravarty kirtikar says the bjp grabs works which boosts its popularity.
source: amit chakravartysenior shiv sena leader and lok sabha mp from the mumbai north-west constituency, gajanan kirtikar, is a veteran politician and sena insider.
recently in the news amid a spat between the sena and the bharatiya janata party with both parties seeking credit for the decision to name the newly inaugurated suburban railway station ram mandir.
recently, there was a credit war between sena and bjp over the naming of oshiwara railway station as ram mandir station.
is the bjp trying to politicise a name that was based purely on locals demands?
the railway station work was delayed for some time due to a delay in rehabilitating 1,150 hutments for a flyover.
i raised the issue and the work of flyover was completed.
when it came to making the station operational, the issue of naming it after the local ram temple came up.
ram mandir road is well-known in my constituency.
it is a 200-year-old ram mandir.
it is also there in all government records such as revenue, post office, bmc, etc.
since i am hindutvavadi, i always thought of giving the name to the station.
so, when i approached the railway minister with the proposal, he told me it is with the home minister.
so i asked him to give a recommendation letter.
after that, i went to rajnathji, who laughed after seeing the name as he seems to have thought of ram mandir in ayodhya.
he asked me to bring recommendation letters from the local body and the state government, which was done.
in all, it took around 6-7 months for the process.
when bjp minister vidya thakur got to know about it, then she put up hoardings and distributed pamphlets to take credit for it.
we have been seeing that the bjp grabs works that will give them popularity.
by and large, the bjp has a bad attitude.
they have nothing to do with hindutva.
for example, the bjp does not have candidates in all 227 wards.
they are importing candidates from all parties, who lost the civic polls in 2012.
they want to increase their tally in the local bodies while keeping aside principles and hindutva.
it was evident in the municipal council polls.
thats why modi could say during the shivaji memorial bhumipoojan that despite the note ban, maharashtra has voted for the bjp.
there are a large number of gujaratis and north indians in your lok sabha constituency.
what is your action plan to woo them for the corporator wards?
sena has set up the uttar bhartiya ekta manch and many people have been working with us.
we have been helping a large number of people from north india in slums.
we have also organised three bati-chokha programmes.
i tell them dekho mai modiji jaise man ki baat nahi karta hun, meri dil ki baat karta hun.
(unlike modi i dont speak my mind, i speak from my heart).
i say i am uddhav thackerays representative, i tell them they have left their families and land to come to mumbai to earn, that the local marathi-speaking natives are their big brothers.
to look after them like our younger brothers is our duty and we will do it.
but i have doubts on how much this will translate into votes.
there are many such programmes organised by ganesh mandals and navratra mandals.
as an mp, many people come to me seeking financial help from the pm relief fund and others.
i have brought rs 80 lakh from the centre for various health treatments and most of the beneficiaries are north indians.
many of them also come to me for railway reservations.
now, many gujarati, north indians, muslims are officebearers in the party.
in the changing political scenario especially after the 2014 elections, do you think the marathi community is no longer key to mumbais politics?
its true.
if we keep harping on marathi, it will not work.
besides marathi, gujarati and north indians, two important communities, are essential parts of mumbai and to an extent the dalit community as well.
all the political parties are emphasising on this to give equal respect to all.
they need security, respect and help for their issues and that is why they are attracted towards us.
for example, i was elected by just 9,000 votes in the 1990 assembly polls from malad, dominated by north indians, defeating north indian leader chandrakant tripathi.
after seeing my work over five years, i was re-elected by 73,000 votes.
but, marathi people will continue to be the core of the sena.
there was a time when marathi people and the language were not given respect in mumbai, but that phase is now over.
marathi people have been getting respect and their rights.
this change happened due to the sena.
but we cannot win elections on that.
after all, social service is more important.
and we are helping all those who are coming to us irrespective of their caste and community.
the bjp is planning to contest the polls on a plank of transparency and development.
has the shiv sena planned a counter agenda?
we have been ruling the bmc for two decades with the development agenda.
during the 1995 shiv sena-led government, though credit is given to nitin gadkari for construction of 55 flyovers in the city, manohar joshi was the chief minister then.
we have brought changes in the education system such as virtual classrooms and tablet computers.
we have beautified around 600 recreational grounds in the city.
it is a conspiracy to say that only the bjp can do development and sena cant.
about transparency, the entire tender process is being carried out by an ias officer.
it is never carried out based on suggestions or signatures by political leaders.
the bjp has been continuously attacking the sena over corruption in the bmc.
do you think the weak leadership of the sena in the bmc has failed to counter them and has damaged the sena?
the sena and the bjp are equal partners in the bmc.
since our numbers are more, the mayor is from the sena but the deputy mayor is from the bjp.
while the standing committee is headed by the sena, the improvements committee is with the bjp.
ahead of the polls, the bjp is just trying to show that the sena alone runs the bmc.
its true that there is a leadership void in the sena in the bmc.
but they are gradually learning.
though they are not able to match the experienced leaders, the sena leaders in the bmc have been talking up various issues.
chief minister devendrafadnavis indicated that an alliance with the sena for the bmc polls will be on their conditions.
what are your partys conditions?
bjp dictating terms to us will not be accepted.
we know how to run a corruption-free government and maintain transparency.
after many scandals during upas regime, modi emerged as a promising face and people voted for him.
it does not mean that people have voted for the bjp.
they dont have that maturity and people will be disillusioned soon.
how will your party workers counter rebels and work against the allys candidate if an alliance is formed?
we are doubtful about the bjp as they are known for such tactics and we have experienced it in the past.
they will form an alliance but their party workers will be fielded as rebels with tacit support from the party.
such things will not happen from sena.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
shaken by the gruesome rape and murder of a minor in maharashtras ahmednagar district, the government said tuesday the state would press for death penalty for the perpetrators of the crime.
there has been tension across maharashtra since the discovery of the 14-year-old girls body in karjats kopardi village on july 13.
according to the police, the victim who was returning home after visiting her grandparents in the same locality, was stopped by three men on the way who raped the girl and then strangled her.
according to the police, the postmortem report said her hair had been pulled out, her hands had dislocated from the shoulders and her teeth smashed.
the vidhan sabha witnessed noisy scenes for the second day running over the case, with the legislative assembly setting aside all official business for a discussion on the matter.
watch video: whats making newschief minister devendrafadnavis said the government would press for death penalty against the guilty.
the police have so far arrested three persons  jeetendra shinde, santosh bhawal and nitin bhailume  all of whom have been remanded in police custody.
while the government had already announced that the case would be tried in a fast-track court, legislators were demanding that the punishment be meted out within six months to send the right message to the society.
stating that the government was not empowered to impose a timeline for court proceedings, fadnavis assured the house that the investigators would be directed to chargesheet the accused within six days.
we will then request the fast-track court to conduct legal proceedings on a day-to-day basis without adjournments, said the cm, adding, we will demand capital punishment for the criminals.
fadnavis, who is also the home minister of the state, also announced that a team of forensic experts was collecting and appreciating all scientific evidence from the site to build a watertight case.
after ncps ajit pawar pointed out that the investigation had shown the accused were under the influence of alcohol consumed from an illicit liquor joint functioning in the village, fadnavis also proposed enhancement of the punishment for illicit liquor operators from three years to ten.
this would mean that such cases would now be heard in the sessions court instead of the judicial magistrate first class, and would remain non-bailable.
we will bring the law during the ongoing session, he said.
the chief minister added that a law would be formulated so that repeat offenders could be tried under the stringent maharashtra prevention of dangerous activities.
terming the incident as being horrendous and utterly shameful, fadnavis also announced the setting up of a committee comprising women legislators from both houses of the legislature to recommend further measures to ensure that such a crime never takes place again.
but with the tension and the outrage spreading to various parts of the state, he also appealed to the public to be patient and practise restraint.
the opposition, however, appeared dissatisfied with the cms statement on the issue and staged a walkout following his speech.
there was a delay in acting against the criminals.
the government is shirking responsibility for the delay, said leader of the opposition radhakrishna vikhe-patil.
fadnavis later accused the opposition of playing politics over the incident.
a day after sharad pawar accused the bharatiya janata party (bjp) of misusing investigation agencies to coerce opposition leaders to jump ship, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday said the ncp chief should be the one to introspect why leaders were deserting his party.
advertisingsharad pawar should introspect on why his people are not ready to stay with the ncp.
the stand of the bjp is very clear.
a lot of leaders from the congress and ncp are interested in joining the bjp, however, very few will be allowed to join.
those with ed cases will not be taken.
we do not need such people, pti quoted fadnavis as saying.
the spat between pawar and fadnavis comes in the wake of several senior ncp leaders, including former state party unit head madhukar pichad, mumbai unit chief sachin ahir, womens wing chief chitra wagh, and others quitting the party in last few days to join either bjp or shiv sena.
earlier in the day, pawar accused fadnavis and other maharashtra bjp leaders of committing themselves to poaching leaders from other parties before the elections in the state.
the chief minister and other ministers in the state government have literally committed themselves to this work (luring leaders of other parties).
they are making phone calls to leaders of other parties and asking them to join, the ncp chief said.
advertisingto this, fadnavis said the bjp was not running behind anyone to join.
we are beyond running behind anyone.
now people (leaders) run behind the bjp.
we will take care of those who are good and work for the people, he said.
the veteran ncp leader also hit out at the bjp government, alleging misuse of financial bodies.
the sugar mill of (former mla) kalyan kale in pandharpur was in a difficult situation.
the state government, by flouting norms, gave rs 30-35 crore to it and asked him to join the bjp.
since he wanted to save his factory, he switched over.
pawar said that apart from central agencies such as enforcement directorate (ed) and central bureau of investigation (cbi) and state agencies such as anti-corruption bureau (acb), the bjp dispensation was also using maharashtra state co-operative bank (msc) to illegally help political leaders from rival parties who are in financial mess and then force them to join the party.
fadnavis countered pawars claims by saying that the maharashtra bjp and state banks had helped many ncp leaders in the past.
however, we never asked them to join the bjp.
he should introspect, the chief minister added.
cm fadnavis promised to meet the taxi union members when they earlier announced a strike during ganesh chaturthi but he did not meet them.
express photo cm fadnavis promised to meet the taxi union members when they earlier announced a strike during ganesh chaturthi but he did not meet them.
express phototaxi and autorickshaw unions have again threatened a strike, this time from november 10, if chief minister devendrafadnavis does not regulate services of app-based cabs or meet the union members to discuss their demands.
taxi and autorickshaw unions in the city have been protesting against cab aggregators such as ola and uber for the past two years and demanding that the government regulate their services.
this time, they have decided to send a memorandum to all political parties and request the parties to clear their stand on the issue.
udaykumar ambonkar of the shiv sangram taxi rickshaw union said, earlier, when we announced a strike during ganesh chaturthi, cm fadnavis had promised to meet us.
but that has not happened.
now, we will give a memorandum to all political parties, apart from the cm.
it is an injustice to other taxi drivers that the app-based aggregators are running their vehicles without any regulations, ambonkar added.
the unions also want the government to start an app-service for all taxis and autos, said chandrakant lohar of mumbai rickshaw taxi chalamak sena.
we are willing to provide better services like ola and uber, but we want to be in competition.
for this, we request the state government to start a separate application for taxi and autos, through which we all will run our vehicles.
b'if the alliance between the bjp and sena would not have broken before the assembly polls, maharashtra would have had a chief minister from the sena party says eknath khadse, while alleging that he was responsible for breaking up the tie.
if the alliance between the bjp and sena would not have broken before the assembly polls, maharashtra would have had a chief minister from the sena party says eknath khadse, while alleging that he was responsible for breaking up the tie.
nearly a month since he was compelled to quit after facing a string of allegations, former maharashtra minister and bjp veteran eknath khadse has stirred a row, saying the whole country would shake if he opened his mouth.
khadse was addressing a group of supporters in his home constituency in jalgaon last evening.
though i have resigned in the wake of allegations against me, if i opened my mouth, the entire country will shake, he claimed.
the former minister also took pot shots at chief minister devendrafadnavis , saying he (khadse) was responsible for the bjp heading the saffron alliance in the state now by taking the bold step of snapping ties with sena before the last assembly polls.
watch video: whats making newsif the alliance between the bjp and sena would not have broken before the assembly polls, maharashtra would have had a chief minister of the sena.
i had taken the lead in getting the alliance broken due to which the cm today is of the bjp, he said.
khadse, who was holding several key portfolios, including revenue, in the state cabinet, had resigned earlier this month over a series of allegations including irregularities in a land deal and allegedly receiving calls on his mobile from a landline number of fugitive underworld don dawood ibrahim in pakistan.
the fadnavis government had ordered a judicial probe into the allegations, which khadse had stoutly refuted as baseless.
assertions of khadse, considered the backward class face of the bjp in the state, evoked sharp response from the opposition congress and the ncp.
there have long been allegations against khadse that he has links with dawood ibrahim.
he has himself now said he has information that can shake the country.
in all probability he has got crucial information from either dawood or through some other terror outfit which he is in touch with, and the ats should immediately take him into custody and get the information, congress spokesperson al-nasser zakaria said.
ncp spokesperson nawab malik said, khadse has always been saying he does not speak without valid proof.
today when he says he has information, we have no reason to disbelieve that he is talking of something very serious that he has got his hands on, either through his conversations with dawood or somebody else, he said.
b'they have also demanded that the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) stop work on laying a water supply pipeline to the townships.
(representational image) they have also demanded that the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) stop work on laying a water supply pipeline to the townships.
(representational image)as the world observed world water day on thursday, six farmers from dahanu and palghar talukas entered the fourth day of their hunger strike in palghar, drawing attention to a looming urban-rural conflict over water use on the outskirts of the financial capital.
more than 1,500 farmers, including many tribals, also gathered outside the palghar collectors office in a show of solidarity with those on the hunger strike, staging a demonstration to demand that the state roll back its decision to divert water from the irrigation dam across the surya river for supply to the rapidly-growing municipal areas of mira-bhayandar and vasai virar.
both are satellite towns in mumbais vast outback.
they have also demanded that the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) stop work on laying a water supply pipeline to the townships.
the surya dam was to have irrigated 14,696 hectares of farmland, an area that will reduce by 46 per cent, said activists of the surya pani bachav sangharsh samiti.
our demand is that the water resources department of the state government should cancel the decision to divert water for the mira-bhayander municipal corporation and the vasai-virar municipal corporation.
if there is excess water after irrigating the 14,000 hectares, then that may be diverted, said brian lobo of shoshit jan andolan that led the protest.
the state government, through the mmrda, has undertaken a 403 mld (million litres per day) water supply project that will divert water from the surya river to the municipal areas of mira-bhayandar and vasai-virar.
officials said the mmrda is currently developing the surya regional water supply scheme with a capacity of 403 mld (million litres per day) to provide water to mira-bhayander municipal corporation (mbmc) and vasai virar city municipal corporation, two townships that house over 20 lakh residents.
the regional water supply scheme is also central to the mmrdas proposed development in uttan, a special planning area of the development authority.
the surya dam is owned by the irrigation department of the government of maharashtra, located nearly 50 km from the mumbai metropolitan region.
on day four of the indefinite hunger strike, palghar collector prashant narnaware met the protesters.
officials said a delegation of protesters would meet chief minister devendrafadnavis , along with local elected representatives, on friday.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has assured that such instances need to be immediately curbed and the guilty punished.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has assured that such instances need to be immediately curbed and the guilty punished.
the state government wednesday ordered an anti-corruption bureau probe into misuse of funds in mnrega in hingoli, marathwada.
addressing 18 complaints across the state during lokshahi din, chief minister devendrafadnavis gave an audience to complaints from ordinary citizens across the state.
during the interaction, shyam shevalkar brought to the notice the siphoning of funds from mnrega projects in hingoli.
he said, there are several instances where the person against whose name the funds are being set aside are no more alive or are elderly citizen.
they dont report to work under mnrega schemes.
yet, money is being lifted in their name by some vested interest.
fadnavis directed an acb investigation.
he assured that such instances need to be immediately curbed and the guilty punished.
forum for policemenearlier, during a meeting with family members of police personnel, the chief minister said that a forum will be set up to address the concerns of police and their family members.
while acknowledging the need to address critical concerns of police and their family members, he said, i reckon there is a need to have a forum where problems of police are attended.
the state government is sensitive to the challenges in policing.
in the last two years, my government has taken several welfare measures, he added.
he said, a committee will be formed to address police problems.
it will have representatives from the police family.
he stressed on increasing interaction between police and public.
he also indicated that the government was working on projects related to health of policemen.
while referring to the importance given by government to police housing, he said,we have planned rs 2,000 crore housing projects.
in the past, successive governments gave a meagre amount to the housing sector.
among several initiatives for police welfare, full day salary to police for working on a holiday and including them in the pm awas yojna are being implemented.
after delivering a landslide victory for the bjp in the lok sabha polls in the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis has now turned his focus on winning a second term in office.
advertisingwith the assembly polls due in october, fadnavis on monday convened a war room meeting to review the ongoing irrigation projects for maharashtra and big-ticket transport infrastructure projects for urban areas.
during the meeting, he asked senior officials to resolve the bottlenecks in implementation of these projects and expedite their completion.
the chief minister has set a september deadline for officials to complete the land acquisition and other procedural formalities for indias first bullet train project to connect mumbai to ahmedabad.
prime minister narendra modi has himself been promoting the project.
advertisingprivate lands in 77 villages in palghar district and another 22 villages in thane are required for the project.
on monday, officials informed that acquisition was pending in about 12 of these villages, while the joint land measurement exercise had been completed to a large extent.
the chief minister is keen to start construction work (for the mumbai end) immediately after monsoon, a senior official said.
fadnavis also gave a go-ahead to use the swiss challenge method to hold the bidding for the ambitious hyperloop project between pune and mumbai.
while virgin hyperloop one will be the original project proponent for the bid, global firms will be invited to challenge them under the method.
the project aims to bring travel time between pune and mumbai down to just 25 minutes.
keen to perform bhoomipujan (groundbreaking ceremony) for a 10-kilometre test track for the project in july, fadnavis on monday directed officials to fast-track the process.
a smaller war room comprising officials from revenue, urban development, and housing department, and the cmo was also held on monday to fast-track approvals to files related to ongoing metro rail projects in maharashtra.
senior urban development officials were directed to clear proposals to change user in aarey colony for the construction of the metro bhavan, which will be the central monitoring control for all metro rail systems.
with a couple of maharashtra housing area and development authority (mhada) leased housing colonies affected by metro rail development in the suburbs, a proposal to transfer mhadas right to the mumbai metropolitan area development authority (mmrda) is also under consideration, officials said.
fadnavis has now set a december-2019 deadline for the commissioning of the dahisar-dn nagar metro line and dahisar east-andheri east metro line.
by 2022, the state has said, about 119 kilometre of the new metro rail network will be in place, and another 169 kilometre would be under implementation.
implementation of much-delayed irrigation projects, including the goshikhurd project in vidharbha, was also discussed in the meet.
actor dalip tahil (left) and former congress mla krishna hegde join bjp.
actor dalip tahil (left) and former congress mla krishna hegde join bjp.
former congress mla krishna hegde and bollywood actor dalip tahil joined bjp ahead of bmc elections slated for february 21.
the duo joined bjp in presence of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis and state bjp unit chief raosaheb danve at the cms official residence varsha in south mumbai late last night.
watch what else is making newsasked about reason for his leaving congress, hegde said the autocratic behaviour of mumbai congress president sanjay nirupam was responsible for his decision.
i tried to point out to party leadership about how nirupam was damaging the party.
however, no cognisance was taken of my plea, hegde, who represented vile parle assembly constituency said.
i am a second generation congressman.
nirupam has ruined the party, he said.
congress wont get more than 25 of the total 227 seats in the bmc polls, he said.
the annual womens car rally of the western india automobile association (wiaa) was flagged off at 7 am here on sunday.
advertisingmore than 400 women took part in the rally, which consisted of 127 cars, with women also taking up roles of race officials and marshals.
present at the flag-off was amruta fadnavis, wife of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
speaking to the indian express, she said, i am so happy that women are driving the change.
this might be their passion or a symbol of their empowerment but we need to go beyond that.
when women choose professions that are male-dominated such as driving, be it for racing or driving cabs and auto-rickshaws, the day eyeballs are not raised at them shall be the day of general, neutral society and our march is towards that.
the state government has given five per cent reservation for permits for woman drivers within mumbai and thane and i hope to see more women behind the wheel in the years to come.
advertisingi personally enjoy driving and would do so to work and back when i was in nagpur, she added.
the rally was flagged off in worli and ended at aamby valley near pune.
participants were given physical maps and were judged based on speed, distance and time.
there are several checkpoints along the route and we have to make sure we are on time at all of them, explained participant pratima boricha (40).
we have to make sure we are not late or even early throughout the journey as that results in penalty, resulting in point deductions, she added.
boricha took part in the rally for the first time with her friends anita joshi and sheetal kulkarni.
kulkarni, whose job was to navigate, said, this is the third year that i am taking part in the rally and i enjoy doing the job of a navigator.
i have to make sure we are on the correct path and speed.
we are not allowed to use navigation on our phones, making this a challenging task.
boricha said, the rally is of course extremely competitive but all of us are united in the message we wish to send out, which is that women indeed can drive.
i am really looking forward to taking part in more rallies in the future.
b'shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
(file photo) shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
(file photo)adopting a strident stand towards supreme courts curbs on dahi handi in maharashtra, the shiv sena on p said people will foil such attempts to hinder celebration of hindu festivals.
ganeshotsav, dahi handi and navratra festival are all parts of our beliefs.
courts which are now governing us should not cross the lakshman rekha at least in these issues, the sena said.
people have elected their government in a democratic manner.
let the government do its job.
the head atop the governments body knows whats right and wrong.
if an attempt is made to remove this head and murder democracy, then all tiers of national system will collapse, it said.
the festivals and rituals of hindus will happen.
people will foil attempts to stop them and shiv sena will lead this dissent, an editorial in sena mouthpiece saamana said.
when courts take on the role of government, they should be ready to face mudslinging, the sena said.
this is because courts are taking all decisions which a government is expected to take, the editorial said.
there is anger among people because of the fatwas (diktats) of the courts on festivals, the sena said.
the senas remarks on judiciary came a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis assured the dahi handi coordination committee members that maharashtras advocate general will represent the state in the supreme court at the next hearing.
the delegation held a meeting with fadnavis yesterday in the backdrop of the supreme court order on wednesday, which restricted the height of dahi handis to 20 feet and allowed persons above 18 years of age to participate in the human pyramids.
the apex courts verdict had upset dahi handi mandals who felt that the height restriction would eliminate the thrill and adventure associated with the traditional festival.
maharashtra navnirman sena president raj thackeray had on thursday criticised the government for not representing this point of view effectively.
fadnavis had also asked the delegation to celebrate the festival by following all norms.
three days after chief minister devendrafadnavis kicked off his pre-election statewide mahajanadesh yatra, the congress has firmed up a plan to counter the move.
the partys election campaign managers said congress plans to trace the route of the chief ministers yatra to organise gatherings aimed at countering the claims and the promises made by fadnavis.
advertisinglaunching his mass outreach programme on august 1, fadnavis had claimed that in the first five years, his government had done more than double the work carried out by the congress-ncp regime, which was in power for 15 years.
on saturday, congress campaign committee chairman nana patole, a former bjp mp who had joined the party in 2018, alleged that fadnavis was selling a lie.
the cm has said he was willing to debate his claim.
on behalf of the congress, i am accepting his challenge.
i will expose his lies and fake promises, said patole.
advertisingdaring fadnavis to debate him over development, patole added, if the chief minister is unwilling to accept the challenge, the congress will hold public gatherings along the same route (planned for fadnavis yatra) to run a campaign that exposes the lies and non-performance of the government.
we will hold parda phaas gatherings.
on friday, at a meeting of the campaign committee, senior leaders had opined that there was an urgent need to counter fadnavis campaign.
spread over two phases, the cms 23-day-long yatra is expected to traverse 4,384 km and cover nearly 152 assembly segments across 32 districts.
fadnavis is expected to hold 104 rallies and 200 smaller meetings during the yatra.
according to congress campaign managers, the plan is to organise an issue-based negative campaign, which targets the failures of the government.
but with the party yet undecided on whom to project during the campaign, patole indicated that gatherings will be organised from august 17, when the chief minister is set to go on the second and the final leg of his yatra.
we have thrown him a challenge for a debate.
lets wait to see if he accepts it, he said.
the congress also hit out at fadnavis claim that his government had done a lot for alleviating the drought crisis and water scarcity problem.
the party is set to organise rural gatherings to highlight the rise of agrarian distress under the fadnavis regime, said sources.
in an apparent bid to provoke fadnavis, patole labelled him as an agent of gujarat, while highlighting his governments failure to ensure that mumbai gets the international financial centre tag.
he also accused fadnavis of using taxpayers money for the yatra to push bjps agenda.
sources said the bmc had received nearly 65,000 responses for the earlier draft development plan.
(source: file photo) sources said the bmc had received nearly 65,000 responses for the earlier draft development plan.
(source: file photo)while the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) has said that it received around 13,000 suggestions and objections from residents to the revised draft of its development plan (rddp) 2034, the urban design research institute has claimed that the figure is over 84,000.
citing data from documents procured under the right to information act, the udri has alleged that the dp department of the civic body downsized the number to minimise the objections received from citizens.
urban planner and udri executive director pankaj joshi stated that the bmc received more suggestions and objections for the rddp than the for the plans earlier draft, which was scrapped by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the civic body has clubbed multiple applications signed by different individuals as one suggestion or objection, which should not be done.
by law, unique signature implies a separate response.
however, to ease the media pressure, the bmc chose to artificially reduce the number of suggestions and objections, he said.
joshi further alleged that the civic body does not have any record of a decision made to club the entries.
it makes one wonder if this was done by the dp revision team itself, to escape the wrath of the civic commissioner and the dp department or to undermine the voices of people in mumbai, he said.
defending the bmcs stand, an official from the development plan department said, we have been open about the fact that the suggestions and objections have been clubbed to avoid repetition.
all citizens have been given a fair platform to participate and offer their views.
joshi added that the bmc had received nearly 65,000 responses for the earlier draft development plan.
while the civic body has claimed that it received only 13,049 responses for the rddp, the rti documents indicate that if each response were to be counted, joshi said, the dp department had received 84,767 responses.
as per his documents, the bmc has received 81,467 physical submissions and 3,300 online responses.
b'the maharashtra government has evolved an agro-industrial module for development of 20 districts along the rs 30,000 crore nagpur-mumbai supercommunication expressway.
apart from constructing the 690-km stretch eight lane roads, the government has drawn up two major plans for development of metros and drought-hit districts.
the first would tackle development of four metros  nagpur, amravati, aurangabad, nashik  as it navigates through three regions of vidarbha, marathwada and north maharashtra.
however, the second, more comprehensive developmental model is on agriculture economy for development of backward and drought-hit districts of akola, buldhana, yavatmal, wardha, washim, beed, latur, hingoli, jalna, nanded, parbhani, osmanabad and nagpur rural.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , who conceptualised the detailed plan indicated that the real objective of the nagpur-mumbai supercommunication expressway is not about hi-speed travel.
what is more significant is agro-industrial development in the 20 districts, which gives it added advantage due to connectivity to jnpt port.
moreover, centre and state have taken decision on two dry ports at jalna and wardha.
the directives have been issued to work on potential of making nashik the pilgrimage-cum-tourist destination, along with an industrial hub.
similarly, amravati would be provided with more capital investment through public-private partnership to develop as a textile hub.
whereas, aurangabad can evolve as an industrial and tourism destination.
already, eight big textile projects are under way in this city.
the process of farm to fashion, being pushed through textile parks, has individual industries tying up with cotton farmers to purchase their produce.
from cotton processing to designing apparels through greater investments in agro-industries is the model being promoted through public private partnership in vidarbha.
a senior secretary revealed to the indian express, we have been directed to expedite the process of land acquisition and pre-tender formalities.
we will complete the project in year 2019.
to override concerns of the land acquisition along some stretches, the government has decided to integrate agro-industrial development with water conservation projects.
the concept of providing water conservation projects to facilitate assured agriculture, especially in drought prone districts, is high on the agenda of the government.
fadnavis said, i have repeatedly said this project will be a gamechanger.
through this we would open the doors and fulfill the aspirations of backward districts long deprived of agro-industrial growth.
while emphasising on port development, he said, from nagpur to jnpt, it will take only eight hours travel.
the distance between aurangabad and jnpt would be just four hours.
stressing integrated development, he said, we can no longer look at infrastructure projects without factoring in agriculture and industrial growth in the vicinity.
the 690 km superfast road would be meaningless if we cannot bring prosperity in the districts through which it would wind its way.
watch indian express videos heremoreover, the old model of laying a handful of motels and inns to serve commuters is not adequate, he believes.
as a result, a more holistic agro-development plan for changing the rural face along with metros has been worked out.
districts that will benefitnagpur, wardha, amravati, akola, buldhana, yavatmal, washim, aurangabad, beed, latur, hingoli, jalna, latur, nanded, parbhani, osmanabad, nashisk, jalgaon, mumbai, thane.
the road will touch cities such as nagpur, amravati, nashik and mumbai.
two months after suffering its worst defeat in the lok sabha elections, the ncp faced yet another setback on thursday with its mumbai chief joining the shiv sena and a couple of other mlas also likely to dump the party.
advertisingadding to the embarrassment, ncp chief sharad pawar had to shoot a post on social media to clarify rumours circulated in his name on whatsapp.
sachin ahir, former state minister, thursday joined the sena without even quitting the ncp.
party sources said there was no indication from the leaders side of any such move.
ncp spokesperson nawab malik said, ahir said he was joining sena to fulfil the dream of balasaheb thackeray.
earlier, he had said he wanted to fulfil the dream of sharad pawar.
i think he actually wanted to fulfil his own dream.
ncp leader jitendra avhwad said, he (ahir) has not even given a thought to what our party chief will thinkadvertisingsenior ncp leader madhukar pichads son vaibhav has indicated that he might join the bjp.
he met chief minister devendrafadnavis and discussed his candidature from akole in ahmednagar district, from where he was elected on an ncp ticket, bjp sources said.
madhukar pichad is one of the founding members of the ncp.
speculations are rife that another sitting ncp mla shivendra raje bhosale, who did not even submit his application to contest election from satara, might join the bjp.
meanwhile, on thursday sharad pawar took to facebook to slam those who had circulated a message on whatsapp in his name.
the message said pawar will extend his help to drought-hit farmers by doing a free mobile recharge for them.
denouncing the rumours, pawar in the facebook post said: a whatsapp message is doing rounds in my name stating that i will do a free mobile recharge for drought-hit farmers.
this is a cruel joke being played out by some anti-social elements.
i urge people not to believe in such rumours i express my severe condemnation of those behind such acts.
he added that the cyber police need to investigate and book who ever was behind the message.
rubbing salt to ncps wounds, the bjp on thursday felicitated sena mp shrirang barne for defeating pawars grandson parth pawar from maval lok sabha constituency.
i was specially called by prime minister narendra modi and felicitated for defeating parth pawar from maval, barne said, adding that the pawar family had put in all its might to defeat him, but failed.
meanwhile, the income tax (i-t) department on thursday carried out searches at the sugar mill and residence of ncp mla hasan mushrif in kolhapur district of maharashtra.
shiv sena president uddhav thackeray addresses a rally in pimpri-chinchwad.
rajesh stephen shiv sena president uddhav thackeray addresses a rally in pimpri-chinchwad.
rajesh stephendescribing prime minister narendra modi and ncp sharad pawar as two sides of the same coin, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray said his government would extend permanent support to the devendrafadnavis government if he waives farmers loan.
prime minister narendra modi went to uttar pradesh and declared that farmers in that state will get loan waiver if bjp wonbut he did not show the same sympathy for the dying farmers of maharashtraif chief minister devendrafadnavis announces loan waiver to farmers, the shiv sena will extend permanent support to his government, he said.
uddhavs announcement assumes significance as the sena has been threatening to withdraw support to the state government if it wins the bmc polls.
he, however, lamented that despite his request, the union budget made no announcement of loan waiver for farmers.
watch what else is making newslike his speeches in mumbai since january 26, in pimpri-chinchwad too, uddhav was in the mood to attack as he poured scorn on both the prime minister and the chief minister, clearly indicating that the bjp-sena relations were now beyond repair.
a major part of his speech was actually reserved for debunking modi by calling him names and faulting his steps to contain black money and make the country bhrashtachar mukt and bhay mukt.
he started his speech with an attack on pawar.
what an irony!
anna hazare fought against corruption and was honoured with padma bhushan, while sharad pawar, who faced corruption charges, was honoured with padma vibhushan said uddhav, adding that modi and pawar share a self-confessed guru-shishya relationship.
they are two sides of the same coin or rather two sides of the debit card he said.
uddhav launched a vitrolic attack on modi.
mocking the pm for trying to imitate gandhis pose with charkha, uddhav said, modi is trying to project himself as gandhithis is beyond imaginationbjp seems to believe that the nation was born two years ago and so were the satyagrahas and charkha.
turning to modis demonetisation plan, uddhav said the entire world is laughing at us.
for our own money, we have been asked to line up in long queues and become beggars, he said.
demonetisation, he alleged, was nothing but a ploy of modi to help industralists favouring the bjp.
uddhav said 200 people had to sacrifice their lives because of demonetisation.
bhaiyyuji maharaj committed suicide on tuesday.
(file) bhaiyyuji maharaj committed suicide on tuesday.
(file)spiritual leader bhaiyyuji maharaj had strong ties with politicians across party lines in maharashtra.
whether it is rss chief mohan bhagwat, congress leaders ashok chavan and radhakrishna vikhe-patil, bjps nitin gadkari or shiv senas uddhav thackeray, bhaiyyuji had a strong and cordial rapport with all.
the high-profile spiritual leader also played an important role in firefighting social and political crises, from tackling the silent maratha rallies following outrage over the kopardi rape and killing to organising the annual inter-religion marriages for the poor.
through his organisation suryodava, social schemes were always for the upliftment of the poor and deprived sections of the society.
also read | who was bhaiyyuji maharaj?
maharajs apparent suicide has come as a shock for state leaders.
maharashtra pradesh congress committee president ashok chavan said, it is shocking and an irreparable loss.
his contribution in the social field has been an inspiration for all of us.
in 2016, maharajs car was attacked, leaving him injured during his visit to pune.
he had been in pune to visit his daughter, who was pursuing her studies there.
the spiritual leader, who never wore saffron robe or took vows of celebacy, was sought after by the whos who of maharashtra.
a senior bjp political manager said, maharajs doors were open for one and all.
he never practised political untouchability.
recalling the social tension following the kopardi incident, a source said, maharaj played the role of peacekeeper to ensure the maratha rallies did not trigger violence following the polarisation of the dalit and maratha community.
union minister for surface transport nitin gadkari said, i shared an extremely cordial relation with maharaj.
i cannot reconcile to his sudden death.
it is shocking.
he made tremendous contribution in diverse fields for people.
a senior shiv sena leader said, party president uddhav thackeray had good ties with maharaj.
a senior functionary added, once he had offered to play the role of peacemaker between the warring thackeray brothers, uddhav and raj.
ncp leader anil deshmukh said, maharaj always developed very warm relations with each and every person.
he always tried to find a solution to peoples problemsa senior bjp leader said, when he married the second time following the death of his first wife, he had said, since i travel all the time, i want my daughter to have parental affection.
politicians often thronged him in indore to seek his guidance.
leader of opposition radhakrishna vikhe-patil said, we shared a long association with maharaj.
we have always taken insipiration from his social work across several states: maharashtra, madhya pradesh and gujarat.
born in shujalpur in a landlord family as uday singh deshmukh, maharaj had close ties with the ruling maratha families in maharashtra.
whenever maharaj came to mumbai, he would halt at then congress minister ranjit deshmukhs official residence shivneri at malabar hills.
vilasrao deshmukh would often set aside protocol to visit his cabinet colleagues residence to meet maharaj.
nenior bjp leader girish bapat, who won the pune lok sabha seat by a record margin over congress leader mohan joshi, on friday criticised the ncps decision to give a ticket for the maval seat to an inexperienced candidate like parth pawar only because he belonged to the powerful pawar family.
parth is the grandson of ncp chief sharad pawar and the son of senior party leader ajit pawar.
advertisingthe ncp, however, managed to retain the baramati lok sabha seat and also add shirur to its tally.
we fell short in baramati and shirur lok sabha constituencies.
we will continue our fight in baramati, said bapat.
during an interaction with the media, bapat said the ncp candidates defeat in maval has proved that this kind of political dynasty will not be accepted by the public.
it was wrong to give the candidature to an inexperienced person only because he was the son of a leader and the grandson of a senior party leader, without giving any thought to his capabilities, he said.
advertisingciting the example of sujay vikhe patil, the son of senior congress leader radhakrishna vikhe patil, the state minister said the bjp had given sujay a ticket because he had the capability to become an mp.
sujay won from the ahmednagar lok sabha seat.
bapat credited his victory with a record margin to the election campaign planned by the party and the contribution of all alliance partners.
this was my 11th election.
i had predicted the number of votes i would get in the lok sabha elections and most of it has been right, he said.
taking a dig at the opposition congress-ncp, he said the alliance helped him win by stooping low to criticise me.
during the campaign, there were remarks made against me that were below the belt, but i decided to ignore them.
this helped me in the elections, said bapat, who is also punes guardian minister.
bapat said he will soon resign from his post in the state cabinet as well as the assembly.
chief minister devendrafadnavis will select the next guardian minister of pune, he said.
on his plan for the next five years, the bjp leader said he will be committed towards fulfilling the promises made in the manifesto for the development of pune city.
we have been able to resolve the issues related to metro rail and give the project the necessary push the international airport and projects in the metropolitan region have also been given a much-needed push, he said.
bapat said the model code of conduct for the state assembly elections was expected to come into effect by august 15.
he also addressed the absence of sitting mp anil shirole at the press meet and said the leader, who was denied a ticket by the bjp, was not in town and had informed him about it.
expressing his gratitude towards his fellow party leader, bapat said, i appreciate the efforts put in by shirole in the lok sabha election campaign, despite being denied a ticket.
he participated in each and every initiative for the campaign.
he added that party leader and rajya sabha mp sanjay kakade could be busy as he didnt attend the press meet, for which all bjp office-bearers, elected representatives and legislators were present.
mohan joshi also congratulated bapat on friday and wished him well for his future endevaours.
i am thankful to the leaders and workers of the congress as well as the alliance partners for putting in the hard work for a fight on the basis of an ideology i am indebted to party workers, he said.
joshi said he would continue to work towards the development of the city.
i will not give up my efforts to strengthen the congress further in pune, he said.
a delhi-based theatre group, jan natya manch, has alleged that police officers tried to intimidate its actors and other crew members by making repeated enquiries about the play it was performing and also took photographs of the set and the audience.
advertisingwhile the local police denied the allegations, a senior officer said that after kashmirs special status was revoked on august 5, they had received intelligence inputs regarding an imminent attack and the police had been given a free hand to make enquiries.
subodh more, a facilitator for the leftist theatre group, said it had shows lined up in the city from august 9 to 11.
on august 10, the group was to perform the play tathaghat by abhishek majumdar, which, as per its online listing, explores the idea of gender, caste, nationalism and rebellion.
the play was staged at ambedkar bhavan in dadar.
the guest list included j v pawar, founder of the dalit panther movement, among others, more added.
before the play could begin, two men, who said they were from the cid, approached us.
they asked us why red flags have been put up at the spot and if d raja, the cpi general secretary, who was in the city for some other function, was going to attend the play.
i replied that we had no such information, more said.
advertisingthe two policemen allegedly followed the actors later in the day, as they went for lunch.
they didnt seem convinced that raja was not attending.
eventually, however, when i replied sternly, they left, more said.
j v pawar, who attended the show, said, it was not even a political play.
it was a religious play based on gautam buddha.
the next day, the group was to perform at harkat studio in versova.
while the play was to begin at 7 pm, two officers, who said they were from the versova police cid, allegedly began making enquiries about the play.
the two officers in plain clothes took photographs of the set and the audience, more said.
the play began around 7.
10 pm.
within a few minutes, the two officers allegedly opened the door of the auditorium and watched the play from there, more said.
it is a smallish theatre and the door is around two feet away from the stage.
the two officers kept standing there for the rest of the play.
at one point, one of their cellphones started ringing, he added.
they only left midway through the question and answer session, said more.
senior inspector of versova police, r thakur, said that he was not aware of any such incident.
a senior officer, however, said that soon after the government announced its decisions on kashmir, multiple threats of an attack have been received.
we had asked the police personnel to make enquiries wherever they felt there was anything suspicious.
this may have been a part of just routine intelligence gathering.
more maintained these were pressure tactics and that they are in talks with other theatre groups in mumbai to take up the issue.
we are planning to present a memorandum to chief minister devendrafadnavis since he is also the state home minister, to whom the police reports.
such intimidation tactics have to stop.
we also plan to write to justice d y chandrachud, who recently gave a talk in mumbai about art and freedom, he said.
on august 15, a mumbai-based theatre group, qissa kothi, had alleged it was harassed by the police in pune as one of its members was a muslim.
despite the shiv senas fierce opposition to a metro car shed inside aarey milk colony, chief minister devendrafadnavis is in no mood to give in.
fadnavis government will persist with its decision of deleting a no-development zone land in aarey to build a car shed for the colaba-bandra-seepz metro line.
on wednesday, the shiv sena-led improvements committee in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) voted against the proposal for deleting the reservation.
then, on thursday, yuva sena chief and shiv senas heir apparent aditya thackeray targeted the chief minister and the bjp over the issue.
mumbai wont be bullied into giving up aarey green for the metro depot when other alternatives are available.
while i fully support the need for a metro system in mumbai, the damage being done to aarey is ridiculous, the thackeray scion said.
taking a further swipe at the bjp, thackeray said, while on the one hand, the centre speaks of the paris agreement and the commitment to fighting climate change, locally we damage aarey forest.
i wonder if our (governments) statements on climate change are merely for grabbing headlines.
last december, ahead of the crucial municipality polls in mumbai, where the two parties were pitted against one another, the fadnavis government had initiated the de-reservation process for a 33-hectare ndz land parcel inside aarey for the car depot.
the cm-led urban development department had brought out a notification for the deletion of the existing reservation.
the entire land parcel was alternatively reserved for the metro car depot/workshop, allied activities, and commercial zone.
aditya thackeray, who is being projected by the shiv sena as a pro-environment face, had opposed the move even then.
when the proposal was tabled before the shiv sena-led improvements committee, shiv sena corporators toed his line.
while the shiv sena leaderships barb at the bjp caught some eyeballs, it may not yield any result.
sources said that fadnavis, who had projected measures for setting up a network of metro lines to ease traffic congestion in the metropolis as his major achievement during the civic poll campaign, has already firmed his opinion to build the car depot at aarey.
since the modification was initiated using powers vested in his government, sources said that the civic committees rejection to the proposal did not count for much.
but government sources said that the commercial zone reservation may be done away with.
according to information, the governments notification in december has seen 2,280-odd objections and suggestions being raised.
while both fadnavis and mumbai metro rail corporations managing director ashwini bhide have said that there were no immediate plans for any commercial exploitation of the land parcel, many objections had raised the apprehensions in this regard.
under consideration is a proposal to withdraw the commercial zone reservation altogether.
sources said that about 3 hectare land had initially been set aside for commercial activity.
this may not be permitted.
thackeray, meanwhile, remained defiant.
the mumbai metro corporation can still save aarey rather than bully all.
it is ridiculous to justify damaging a forest by saying public transport will save environment.
an alternative (for the depot) is available, he said.
but fadnavis has already ruled out the relocation of the depot.
when protests against the aarey car depot had peaked in march 2015, he had constituted a committee under mumbai metropolitan commissioner, u p s madan, to study whether the depot could be situated elsewhere.
in april 2016, the committee submitted its report, ruling out relocation.
but the alignment was modified to minimise the green damage and prevent chopping of 50 per cent of the affected trees.
the government has also said that for each tree axed for the project, it would plant three more.
pm narendra modi and devendrafadnavis decks for the construction of dr b r ambedkar memorial at indu mills compound in mumbai were cleared on sunday following a tripartite agreement signed between union textile minister, government of maharashtra and national textile corporation in delhi.
the agreement for the transfer of 12 acres of land adjacent to the chaityabhoomi in the indu mills compound in mumbai was signed in the presence of prime minister narendra modi.
the bhoomi pujan (inauguration) of the ambedkar memorial will be done by modi and chief minister devendrafadnavis after their return from germany.
the chief minister was keen on inaugurating the project on aprtil 14, which marks the birth anniversary of ambedkar.
after clearing the land transfer, modi said, i will personally come and do the bhoomi pujan after returning from germany.
the agreement, signed at the initiative of the prime minister, paves the way for resolving the long-pending issue of transfer of land from the national textiles corporation to the government of maharashtra to enable construction of a befitting memorial for bharat ratna babasaheb dr b r ambedkar, a pmo statement said.
fadnavis and union minister of state for textiles santosh gangwar, who also witnessed the agreement signing, thanked the prime minister for his initiative in removing the hurdles in transfer of land for construction of the memorial for babasaheb ambedkar, the pmo statement said.
fadnavis said a beautiful memorial would now be constructed for babasaheb.
he has been pursuing the ambedkar memorial ever since he took charge of the government in october 2014.
fadnavis said, the government is committed to built a magnificent memorial of babsaheb ambedkar complete with international research centre.
he said, we are not interesting in just installing a statue.
what is more significant is his writings and thoughts which should reach the masses across india and abroad.
to avoid any further problems, state government has also ensured that land transfer should ensure ownership to maharashtra government.
and that the 12 acres land allocated for ambedkar memorial will be exclusively retained for the stated project and not handled for any other commercial activities.
b'prime minister narendra modi .
express photo by neeraj priyadarshi prime minister narendra modi .
express photo by neeraj priyadarshimajor impetus to job creation and infrastructure: radical changes in fdi policy regime; most sectors on automatic route for fdithe union government has radically liberalised the fdi regime and opened up multiple sectors for 100 per cent fdi.
most of the sectors would be under automatic approval route, except a small negative list.
with these changes, india is now the most open economy in the world for fdi.
watch video |modi govt liberalises fdi regime: all you need to knowhere are the sectors that are getting 100 per cent fdi now:food products manufactured/produced in india: 100  fdi under government approval route for trading, including through e-commerce, in respect of food products manufactured or produced in india.
union defence minister, union defence minister, manohar parrikar , maharashtra chief minister, devendrafadnavis , chief of naval staff, admiral rk dhowan, vice admiral, surinder pal singh cheema and rk shrawat, chairman & managing director of mazagon dock ltd. during the floating out of the first project 75 (scorpene) submarine on pontoon at mazagon dock in mumbai.
express photo by ganesh shirsekar.
defence sector: with the new changes in policy, foreign investment beyond 49 per cent has now been permitted through government approval route, in cases resulting in access to modern technology in the country or for other reasons to be recorded.
the condition of access to state-of-art technology in the country has been done away with.
the fdi limit for defence sector has also been made applicable to manufacturing of small arms and ammunitions covered under arms act 1959.
watch video: whats making newsbroadcasting carriage services: teleports (setting up of up-linking hubs/teleports); direct to home (dth); cable networks (multi system operators (msos) operating at national or state or district level and undertaking upgradation of networks towards digitalisation and addressability); mobile tv; headend-in-the sky broadcasting service (hits) have all been opened up to 100 per cent fdi.
for infusion of fresh foreign investment in cable betworks beyond 49  in a company not seeking license/permission from sectoral ministry, resulting in change in the ownership pattern or transfer of stake by existing investor to new foreign investor, fipb approval will be needed.
civil aviation sector: the present fdi policy on airports permits 100 per cent fdi under automatic route in greenfield projects and 74 per cent fdi in brownfield projects under automatic route.
fdi beyond 74 per cent for brownfield projects is under government route.
it has now been decided to permit 100  fdi under automatic route in brownfield airport projects.
for scheduled air transport service/ domestic scheduled passenger airline and regional air transport services, it has now been decided to raise the limit to 100 per cent with fdi up to 49 per cent permitted under automatic route and fdi beyond 49 per cent through government approval.
for nris, 100  fdi will continue to be allowed under automatic route.
however, foreign airlines would continue to be allowed to invest in capital of indian companies operating scheduled and non-scheduled air-transport services up to the limit of 49  of their paid up capital and subject to the laid down conditions in the existing policy.
animal husbandry: fdi in animal husbandry (including breeding of dogs), pisciculture, aquaculture and apiculture was allowed 100  under automatic route under controlled conditions.
it has been decided to do away with this requirement of controlled conditions for fdi in these activities.
pharmaceutical: the government already has 100 per cent fdi under automatic route in greenfield pharma and fdi up to 100  under government approval in brownfield pharma.
with the objective of promoting the development of this sector, it has been decided to permit up to 74 per cent fdi under automatic route in brownfield pharmaceuticals and government approval route beyond 74 per cent will continue.
mahad bridge collapse: two state-run buses carrying 22 people went missing in the incident that took place late tuesday near mahad.
(source: ap) mahad bridge collapse: two state-run buses carrying 22 people went missing in the incident that took place late tuesday near mahad.
(source: ap)a 300 kg magnet was lowered this morning into the swollen savitri river to trace two buses carrying 22 people who were swept away by the river after a british-era bridge collapsed near mahad in raigad district.
navy divers have resumed operations this morning, a defense spokesperson said, adding, chetak helicopter of coast guard also began sortie of the affected area on thursday.
a crane lowered a 300 kg magnet into the river thursday morning, with the hope of tracing missing vehicles.
something has got stuck to the magnet and efforts are on to pull it out of the river, a local official said.
two state-run buses carrying 22 people went missing in the incident that took place late tuesday near mahad, 170 kms from mumbai.
no survivors or bodies have been recovered despite a gruelling 14-hour search and rescue operation on wednesday.
besides the two buses, several other vehicles were also believed to have fallen into the swollen river.
earlier, there were reports that two bodies were recovered during the massive search.
however, district police later clarified that no bodies were found till last night.
that was a false alarm, no body has been recovered till now.
that (report of recovery of bodies) was a false call, additional sp of raigad district sachin patil had said late last evening.
mahad bridge collapse: maharashtra chief minister mahad bridge collapse: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis visits mahad bridge that collapsed on wednesday.
(source: pti )meanwhile, shiv sena on thursday questioned the logic behind giving all-clear certificate for the bridge three months ago.
on what basis was the traffic worthiness certificate for the british-era bridge given in may, an editorial in sena mouthpiece saamana asked.
all british-era bridges should now make way for new bridges.
only then can it be said that we have learnt our lesson, it said.
on wednesday, 28 marine commandos, over 100 jawans from national disaster response force (ndrf) and 25 personnel from the coast guard were pressed into search and rescue operation.
chief minister devendrafadnavis accompanied by pwd minister chnadrakant patil and opposition leader radhakrishna vikhe patil of congress, conducted an aerial survey of the area on the same day.
according to district officials, one of the buses was proceeding to mumbai from jaigad in raigad, and the other was on its way to borivali (mumbai) from rajapur.
b'the water train chugging into latur on its fourth run friday evening.
(express photo by pradip das) the water train chugging into latur on its fourth run friday evening.
(express photo by pradip das)it was in january 2013 that maharashtra first considered running water trains.
it was again to provide water to drought-hit marathwada.
at a cabinet meeting, then chief minister prithviraj chavan said that initial discussions had been held with the railways to arrange three wagons to transport 5 lakh litres of water daily.
last year, as the drought in marathwada persisted, the idea was thrown about again, this time to transport water to latur from pandharpurs ujani dam, 190 km away.
finally, when the government picked miraj, sangli, 342 km from latur  the longest distance for a water train in india  to supply water, it was the most natural choice.
the krishna basin, extending over andhra pradesh, karnataka and maharashtra, is known for its prosperity.
the warna major irrigation project, with a capacity to store 34 tmc (thousand million cubic feet) water and holding 15 tmc of water at present, keeps the area around miraj one of the few maharashtra regions unaffected by the drought.
among lush fields of grapes, sugarcane, banana and raisins, farmers say they havent faced water scarcity in years.
residents talk about getting water supply twice a day.
the water train to latur, since named jaldoot by pune divisional railway manager b k dadabhoy, draws its water from the krishna river downstream of warna dam.
from there to a latur doorstep, it is a rs 2.
8-lakh, 25-hour operation now, for every run with 10 wagons.
the wagons are clover-green in colour, having been delivered clean and freshly painted from the railways kota workshop.
eventually, the railways plans to carry 50 wagons every trip.
day and night at mirajthe first of the 50 btpn tank wagons arrived on april 10, one day before the trial run.
the kota division of the railways was chosen for supply of the rake because it has an expertise in cleaning tank wagons, says chief workshop manager p k tiwari.
tank wagons are primarily used to transport petrol, vegetable oils, molasses and crude oil.
earlier, we had cleaned crude oil wagons to be employed for high-performance petrol, says deputy chief mechanical engineer haripal singh.
also read | rajasthan: daily, for 3 months now, a perfect water specialto carry water, the wagons were steam-cleaned, then cleaned with chemicals, scrubbed, and finally washed with high-pressure water jets, he adds.
at miraj, preparations were on by then for the task ahead.
a jack well set up by the railways in 2009 at a ghat 4.
5 km away used to already pump 16 lakh litres of water for daily use at the rail junction.
the water would first be piped to a water treatment plant through underground pipelines before reaching the station.
water being filled into tankers near the latur station.
50 rail wagons would hold water equal to 450 tankers.
(express photo by pradip das) water being filled into tankers near the latur station.
50 rail wagons would hold water equal to 450 tankers.
(express photo by pradip das)for supply of 5 lakh litres to latur every day, the miraj administration has reduced its own demand to 13 lakh litres.
still, that means that for the additional water, the jack well and the pump are working overtime.
the four-hour resting time at the water plant, which has a capacity to filter 1.
5 lakh litres per hour, has also disappeared.
right now, it is taking three hours to fill a single wagon with 50,000 litres of water at miraj.
work is on to set up bigger, 315-mm-diameter pipes for carrying water from the plant so that the 50 planned wagons can be filled in 10 hours.
eventually, officials also plan to fill 25 wagons simultaneously instead of two-three wagons.
the distance between the water treatment plant and the miraj rail yard is 2.
7 km, which needs to be covered using this pipeline, says an official with the maharashtra jeevan pradhikaran, the state civic water supply department.
a legendary well next to the station, haidar khan bawdi, is also being emptied out and cleaned, before it is filled with water again for use as and when needed.
fifty-five-year-old julekha begum, who claims to be the traditional mujawar (caretaker) of the bawdi, says it never dries up even in the worst of droughts.
four teams of labourers supervised by engineers are working day and night to finish the work.
there are about 40 personnel working at five different sites.
apart from laying of pipes, the work involves erecting a water-filling facility at the rail yard, installing a bypass valve at the water treatment plant, creating two small tunnels under the railway tracks so that the pipes can cross the railway lines and installing new pumps at the well, says prashant joshi, who is a site engineer with the contractor hired by the maharashtra jeevan pradhikaran.
also read | one may, 30 years ago  india saw its first water train in gujaratsince the work began, hurdles have been constant.
for instance, a farmer over whose land 100 metres of the pipeline had to be laid refused to cooperate, threatening he would confiscate the pipes if they kept lying there a day over two months.
it took one and a half days to allay his doubts, says joshi.
besides, work near the tracks can only happen when there is no train traffic, which is mostly between midnight and 3 am.
mainly freight trains operate at this time, apart from one express train, says vivek kumar, transportation officer, miraj.
getting the pvc pipes from jalgaon, 400 km away, also proved problematic.
pipes with a diametre of 315 mm or more are made only on order.
of the total 2,000 metres of pvc pipes we need, we have only received 600 m, says a supervisor.
at the station, two teams of railways technical staffers and labourers are working in shifts, supervised by senior officers, to make sure that the water-filled jaldoot is dispatched at the soonest (four trains, of 10 wagons each, have run so far in five days).
after the first jaldoot ran on monday april 11 morning, it took the miraj junction administration another two days to dispatch the next one, due to problems filling water, although the plan was to send the next one on tuesday.
it takes 3 hours to fill a wagon with 50,000 litres at miraj right now.
plan is to cut this to 10 hours for 50 wagons.
(express photo by arul horizon) it takes 3 hours to fill a wagon with 50,000 litres at miraj right now.
plan is to cut this to 10 hours for 50 wagons.
(express photo by arul horizon)currently, a majority of the btpn tank wagons which arrived from kota stand idle, with only 20 in use so far.
the capacity of each wagon is 54,000 litres, but they are being filled only till 50,000 litres.
to hasten the filling of the water wagons for the first train run, officers of the carriage and wagon department had even stopped the water supply to three other platforms at the railway station.
however, this had led to a series of pipe bursts.
since then, filling of the wagons has been divided into three shifts  9 pm to 4 am, 6 am to 9 am and 2 pm to 8 pm.
at the end of every shift, the train is moved from platform no.
2 (where the filling usually happens) back to the yard, to make space for other trains to halt at the station.
many other trains require water-replenishment at miraj.
we cant avoid that although it slows down the filling of jaldoot due to low pressure, says kumar.
however, others too claim their supply has been hit.
residents of the railway colony right next to the miraj junction claim they have not received drinking water for four days.
the supervisor of the toilet and urinary block at platform no.
1 says its water supply has been cut off since april 11, leading to complaints from visitors.
concedes b k dadabhoy, the divisonal railway manager, at present, we are filling the wagons by curtailing the water supply to railway staffers colonies at miraj and by only half filling the other trains we are doing our best.
senior railway officials have also been travelling in the engine and guards cabin of the jaldoot, travelling for at least a couple of stations to ensure everything runs smoothly.
on wednesday morning, during the second water run, the excitement was palpable, and once the train picked speed, many of them took out cellphones and clicked photographs aboard the jaldoot.
its not for fun, clarified one of them, travelling in the engine room.
we will send these to our officers so that they know we have done our job well and responsibly.
at the other end of the train, guard p u asaware almost stood constantly, clutching the green flag and waving it every few minutes as the train crossed stations overtaking other passenger trains parked on the side to let the jaldoot pass.
other goods trains remain parked at the station for hours for want of line clearance.
the first jaldoot took 17 hours to finish the seven-hour journey as it was detained in osmabanad.
hence, now the rail administration is making every effort to ensure it reaches latur in six-seven hours, says asaware.
senior commercial manager (solapur division) r k sharma admits that this track being a single-line section is a problem.
however, he adds, the restrictions placed for jaldoot dont affect express trains, whose timings dont coincide with the water train.
yes, some goods train do get affected, but that is negligible.
the well near the latur station.
where water from the water train is emptied, can hold 17 lakh litres.
the well near the latur station.
where water from the water train is emptied, can hold 17 lakh litres.
sleepless at laturat the latur station too, jaldoot arrives to a special welcome.
the railways have dedicated a special track, that ends behind the main station, for the water train to halt.
rubber pipes help empty water from the wagons into an 850-m-long rcc pipeline, leading into a well nearby.
the emptying of water takes upwards of three hours.
the rcc pipeline was laid by sunday night, before the first trial run.
later, holes were drilled into the concrete pipeline for inlet pipes coming from the wagons.
officials say they began work as soon as revenue minister eknath khadse, deputed to sangli by chief minister devendrafadnavis , made the announcement on april 5.
officials of the latur municipal corporation, the district collectorate, railways and the maharashtra jeevan pradhikaran held an emergency meeting and ordered the rcc pipeline and a 250-m high-definition plastic pipeline, to be delivered by a contractor on priority.
once the pipelines arrived, over 300 railway men were put on the job.
the work to lay the pipelines was carried out round-the-clock, say officials of the maharashtra jeevan pradhikaran.
latur municipal commissioner sudhakar telang says the government sanctioned rs 3.
50 crore on an emergency basis for laying the two pipelines, and another one on which work is on.
most of the work, say officials, was done in 48 hours.
the jack well for pumping water was provided by an s r deshmukh, for free.
we requested him to make his jack well available for some time, and he readily agreed, district officials say.
after the rcc pipeline takes the water from the wagons to a nearby well, which has a capacity of 17 lakh litres, the other, 250-m pipeline takes it to an open ground nearby.
here, water is filled into four tankers and sent to laturs water treatment plant 3 km away, before being supplied to different parts of the city.
the water we get from miraj is treated, but we are re-treating it to check against any contamination as a result of transportation, says latur district collector pandurang pole.
pipeline being laid at latur railway station.
the idea is to cut down time taken in use of water tankers.
(express photo by pradip das) pipeline being laid at latur railway station.
the idea is to cut down time taken in use of water tankers.
(express photo by pradip das)he adds that the filling of the well, and carrying water away from it to the filtration plant is simultaneous.
now a pipeline is being laid from the well to the water filteration plant too so that tankers eventually arent needed.
giving an idea of how the water train would help latur, pole says, it will ease our water travails.
instead of providing drinking water every six to eight days, we will be able to provide it every four days.
the water brought by 50 wagons would be equivalent to 450 tankers supplying daily, he adds.
however, railway officials say, the 50-wagon train will be only making trips every two to three days as filling water takes time.
latur city, with a population of five lakh, has 1,000 borewells belonging to the civic body, and an estimated 15,000 private borewells.
the city used to get 60 million litres of water daily from manjara dam, which has run dry.
now our sources are terna dam and dongargaon, private and civic borewells, private tankers and the train, says the municipal commissioner.
the latur district rural areas, with 943 villages, have a population of another 18 lakh.
the water levels in the 131 smaller dams in the district are also depleting fast.
the villages have been demanding that the jaldoot be stopped en route to provide them water too and not just to the city.
shailesh saroday, president of the harangul budruk, a students association, says they have urged the district collectorate to stop the train at harangul railway station, outside the latur city limits.
since the train is bringing in 5 lakh litres of water, they should at least make one wagon available to us, he says.
why cater only to city areas?
in ward no.
9 in the heart of latur city, with 15,000 residents, water was supplied from the third jaldoot that arrived thursday night.
we have all heard that water from the train will help us get drinking water in a much shorter time, said sanjay rajoure.
half of najma pathans husbands income, of rs 4,000 per month, from selling household wares on handcart, goes into buying water.
why did they have to wait so long for jaldoot, she asks.
why dont they bring in more trains and more water from wherever it is available?
petrol bombs and kerosene-soaked balls made of rags were found during a search operation, the police said.
(aurangabad cp milind bharambe) petrol bombs and kerosene-soaked balls made of rags were found during a search operation, the police said.
(aurangabad cp milind bharambe)the situation in maharashtras riot-hit aurangabad city on tuesday remained tense, but under control, four days after the violence claimed two lives and left over 60 people, including 12 policemen, injured.
the police have registered six cases in which nearly 3,000 unidentified people were booked for offences like arson, rioting and damaging public property, an official said.
internet services were restored this morning and prohibitory orders clamped under section 144 of the crpc revoked in the central maharashtra city, he said.
besides the local police, seven state reserve police force (srpf) battalions were deployed in the violence-affected areas, the official said.
additional director general of police bipin bihari, after reviewing the situation in the city, located in the marathwada region, admitted that the police had failed to prevent and contain the spread of violence and to take action against the rioters.
acting commissioner of police milind bharambe will conduct an inquiry into the allegations against a city police inspector for not preventing the violence and ignoring complaints about it, bihari told reporters on monday.
earlier, a purported video of some police personnel walking with rioters during the violence surfaced, prompting the state police to order an inquiry into it.
we have asked people (who have the video recording) to deposit the footage to the police.
we will check its authenticity and appropriate action will be taken if we find their (policemens) involvement, bihari had said.
two persons  a 65-year-old man and a 17-year-old boy  were killed and around 60 others, including a dozen policemen, injured in clashes between groups of two communities over illegal water connections on may 11.
several shops and scores of vehicles were torched during the riots in the city, located about 350 kms from mumbai.
bihari said that a senior police official, who was seriously injured in the violence, had been shifted to mumbai by air ambulance for further treatment.
the 17-year-old boy was killed allegedly in police firing.
besides, the other deceased elderly man was trapped in his house when an adjoining shop was set on fire by rioters, an official had earlier said.
petrol bombs and kerosene-soaked balls made of rags were found during a search operation, the police said.
maharashtra bjp chief raosaheb danve on monday assured that an inquiry would be conducted into the cause of riots and the culprits would not be spared.
minister of state for home ranjit patil had earlier said that a high-level committee would inquire into the incident.
the shiv sena on monday dubbed the riots as a communal and pre-planned act of violence.
the bjps bickering ally also rapped the state home department, headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis , over the security lapses and failing to appoint a police commissioner for the city, which is considered a highly sensitive area.
aurangabad police commissioner yashasvi yadav was sent on compulsory leave in march this year due to his alleged failure to handle a riot-like situation in the city over the garbage disposal issue.
the clashes between groups of two communities started in moti karanja area around 10 pm on may 11 and spread to gandhi nagar, raja bazaar, shah ganj and sarafa localities, a police official had earlier said.
the police fired in the air and lobbed teargas shells to control the situation, he said.
tension was brewing in moti karanja area for the last few days as the municipal corporation was carrying out a drive against illegal water connections, according to sources in aurangabad.
it got a communal colour when an illegal water connection at a place of worship in the area was removed, the sources said.
the violence appeared to be pre-planned as shops were targetted selectively in some areas, a senior police officer said.
a building in the raja bazar area was set ablaze to allegedly evacuate some tenants staying there, according to the police.
a local leader alleged that a history-sheeter had taken supari (contract) for the evacuation and rioting.
meanwhile, the father of the deceased 17-year-old boy demanded an inquiry into the incident and action against the history-sheeter under charges for murder.
leader of opposition in the state assembly, radhakrishna vikhe patil, demanded the arrest of chandrakant khaire, the shiv senas lok sabha member from aurangabad, for his statements on riots.
the residential project on altamount road.
(express photo by dilip kagda) the residential project on altamount road.
(express photo by dilip kagda)despite objections from the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), the state governments urban development (ud) department, led by chief minister devendrafadnavis , has ruled in favour of granting additional construction rights to a super luxury residential project of the lodha group, promoted by bjp mla mangal prabhat lodha.
the under-construction building on altamount road, on a plot formerly owned by the us consulate, has secured astronomical prices with buyers coughing up as much as rs 1.
6 lakh per square foot for the customised duplexes and triplexes.
while the bmcs building proposals department approved plans for 37 floors, the proposed 38th floor has sparked off a controversy.
according to documents accessed by the indian express, the lodha group sought permission for the additional floor, arguing that it was entitled to it on the basis of incentive floor space index (fsi) available under the much-debated public parking lot regulation, also known as regulation 33 (24) of the development control (dc) regulations.
the bmc rejected this, claiming the fsi demanded was higher than permitted.
the dispute reached the state government last september.
documents show the chief minister, on may 23, 2016, directed the principal secretary of the urban development department (nitin kareer) to take a hearing on the issue.
the hearing was held the following week but it was only on august 30 that the department moved a proposal to the chief ministers office (cmo) recommending that the bmc be asked to reconsider its stance.
when contacted, fadnavis said, the ud secretary will take the hearing and do whatever is legal.
under dc norms, the states decision would be final.
a favourable order will translate into additional construction rights of over 1,798 square ft for the premium project, but senior town planners said the impact of the move would be wider.
itll open up a pandoras box.
several other developers will line up seeking additional construction permission on similar grounds, said a senior civic official.
while the udd has said the decision was applicable only to lodhas project, an official confirmed that another construction giant was already waiting in the wings.
according to the documents, the lodha group first opted for the public parking lot scheme on this plot in 2012, almost immediately after it purchased it.
under this scheme, a developer can avail fsi incentives for setting up a parking lot on a portion of the plot.
based on an evaluation by a high-powered panel, the udd approved a scheme for 204 light motor vehicles (lmvs) totalling a built-up parking space of 10,198 square metres.
as per prevalent norms, the developers were entitled to an fsi perk of 50 per cent of the built-up area  5,099 square metres, or 54,880 square feet.
this translated into an available buildable space of 8,740.
92 sq metres, or 94,087.
26 sq feet, considering a basic fsi of 1.
33 times the net plot area remaining after deduction of the road setback area and the area for recreation ground (rg).
the bmc argued this was capped as per norms at four times the net plot area, or 91,494 sq feet.
while the lodha group did not object to the bmc interpretation of the incentive fsi scheme when building plans were approved in 2013 and 2014, it raised objections last september when it proposed the 38th floor.
the developers have contested the bmcs practice of deducting 15 per cent of the plot area as rg space before computing incentive fsi.
in their representation to the government, the lodha group pointed to tdr provided to construction in the suburbs, where the rg component is not deducted.
arguing that the bmc had approved the 204 cars parking scheme, the developers architects, spaceage consultants, have said it would be injustice if the developers werent allowed to utilise the entire incentive.
the developers have also cited past cases where the incentive fsi for public parking lot projects was computed without rg deduction.
they contended the additional construction right be granted on the fait accompli principle as the municipality had already taken possession of the parking lot in february this year.
a senior civic official said the argument was flawed.
fsi is always worked out on net plot area after deducting area for roads, reservations and rg, unless there is a specific mention about fsi being admissible on gross plot area  such as in redevelopment of mill lands, mhada colonies, urban renewal schemes, etc where the purpose is to aid construction of affordable houses, one official said.
the bmc has followed this practice for fsi in other projects under the 33(24) regulation also.
official records show that over 60 such proposals have been cleared so far.
barring eight to ten cases where the parking lot scheme was clubbed with a redevelopment scheme where fsi is admissible on gross plot area, all permissions have been processed on net plot area.
if the ruling in this case goes in the developers favour, then many others will reapply for additional construction rights, an engineer with the building proposals department said.
documents show that sanjay banait, deputy director of town planning, whose opinion was sought, cautioned the government of the bigger impact the move could have.
a lodha group spokesperson said, it appears that the information (available with the paper) is incorrect.
we are only claiming the fsi for the public parking lot (ppl) which has been approved and handed over for public use.
the said fsi is on net plot basis, after necessary deduction, calculated in exactly the same manner as the bmc has done in cases of other ppls as well as tdr.
when the indian express sought a further clarification on the arguments of the bmc, the spokesperson said, we dont have additional comments to provide besides our earlier statement.
the project, meanwhile, has seen high-profile apartment deals.
in july this year, ramesh jain, chairman of the bhilosa industries private limited, reportedly booked a 12,600 sq feet triplex here for rs 180 crore.
the owners of jindal drugs last year reportedly paid rs 160 crore for another 10,000 sq feet duplex.
civic chief ajoy mehta said, we are awaiting the states clarification in this regard.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)days after the wife and sons of late bjp mp from palghar, chintaman wanga, joined the shiv sena, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said the ruling party was seriously considering to field one of wangas family members for the may 28 palghar lok sabha bypoll.
alleging that the decision was also conveyed to shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, who accepted the same, the sudden development of the wanga family joining sena had come as a big surprise to bjp, the cm said.
wangas wife jayashree chintaman wanga and two sons  srinivas and prafulla  had joined sena on thursday, alleging injustice by the bjp.
the palghar lok sabha bypoll has been necessitated following the sudden demise of wanga in january.
when i had conveyed to uddhav thackeray our decision to field a wanga family member for the bypoll, he had given his consent.
he had also conveyed that sena would not field any candidate, fadnavis said.
he added: chintaman wanga played an important role in building the party in the tribal belt of palghar.
the entire family is part of the bjp parivar.
while exuding hope that wangas immense service to the party organisation and tribal belt will not go unaddressed, the cm said: we still feel the family is a part of bjp and would take the right decision.
on thusday, jayashree had said: chintaman wanga had given 35 years to the party to increase its base in the tribal belt.
the bjp leadership has abandoned us.
we had sought an appointment with chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp state president raosaheb danve but they didnt give us time.
it is an injustice to us.
dismissing the charge, fadnavis said: most of our leaders, including myself, had been to their house and were communicating with them.
when wangas son sent me a sms expressing his wish to meet me, i said yes within five minutes.
i had conveyed the same to my office.
however, the very next day, bjp came to know that the family had joined sena, he added.
thackeray, after welcoming the wanga family into the party fold, had said the party is yet to take a call on whether to contest the palghar bypoll.
b'union minister m venkaiah naidu along with chief minister of maharashtra, devendrafadnavis paying tributes to freedom fighters on the anniversary quit india movement.
(source: pti) union minister m venkaiah naidu along with chief minister of maharashtra, devendrafadnavis paying tributes to freedom fighters on the anniversary quit india movement.
(source: pti)commemorating the platinum jubilee of the quit india movement, the maharashtra government on tuesday launched the quit india movement 2 to fight various social ills and bring su-raj or good governance.
union minister venkaiah naidu and chief minister devendrafadnavis were present during the launch event which took place at the historic august kranti maidan in mumbai, from where mahatma gandhi had given the clarion call of quit india in 1942.
today after 68 years of independence, there is a need for the people to respond with similar passion, zeal and commitment to quit several social and other evils plaguing the nation and take india to newer heights, naidu said.
we need to say quit india to illiteracy, discrimination, disunity and disharmony, terrorism and anti-nationalism to take the country from swaraj to su-raj, the minister added.
poverty has to be eradicated from the country, he said.
providing education to all, creating employment, combining development with welfare measures are all part of the larger quit poverty campaign and every indian should supplement the efforts of the government in this regard.
antyodaya is the way forward, he said.
for the nation to achieve progress faster on all fronts, every section of the society irrespective of caste, creed, religion and region should be part of the growth story, naidu said, adding this is also the philosophy behind prime minister narendra modis sabka saath, sabka vikas slogan.
the centre is celebrating this years independence day asazadi 70 saalzara yaad karo qurbani in a bid to rekindle patriotism among the citizens, especially among the youths, the urban development and information and broadcasting minister said.
all the central ministers and also chief ministers of states have been assigned two places each for visiting birth places of national icons and places of historical importance related to independence movement such as jallianwala bagh, chauri chaura, cellular jail, sabarmati ashram, dandi etc, he added.
fadnavis said mumbai had played a significant role during the freedom struggle.
watch video: whats making newstoday, the city is taking a lead in launching the second quit india movement.
this time the fight is not against the british, but against the social evils plaguing the state like corruption, farmer suicides, malnutrition, water wastage and terrorism, he said.
naidu, fadnavis, maharashtra ministers sudhir mungantiwar and vinod tawde paid their respects at the august kranti diwas memorial at mumbais august kranti maidan.
maharashtras department of culture staged a dance-drama, recreating the freedom struggle.
going by the lok sabha results in maharashtra, the ruling bjp and shiv sena combine have a clear lead in 233 out of the states 288 assembly seats.
the congress and ncp together are ahead of the saffron parties only in 44 seats.
the state is scheduled to go to polls around september-october this year.
advertisingin the 2014 assembly elections, the congress had won 42 seats, and the ncp 41.
the two parties had contested separately as did bjp and shiv sena, which won 122 and 63 seats, respectively.
interestingly, in this lok sabha polls, the bjp led in 121 assembly segments, one less than its 2014 tally, while the shiv sena dominated in 112 assembly segments  49 more than the seats it has in the current assembly.
from the numbers, it appears that it is the sena that has benefited from the congress-ncp debacle.
the opposition allies have managed to keep their lead slightly above 20 seats each as compared to their 2014 assembly tally.
the congress is down in 21 segments, and the ncp in 18.
advertisingthe smaller parties together led in 11 assembly seats.
it included aimim (2), yuva swabhiman party (4), bahujan vikas party (3), swabhimani party (1) and maharashtra swabhiman party (1).
prakash ambedkars vanchit bahujan aghadi, which polled 41 lakh votes across 48 seats and played a decisive role in the defeat of seven congress-ncp candidates, did not dominate any segment.
maharashtra has 48 lok sabha and 288 assembly seats.
every lok sabha seat has six assembly segments.
the lok sabha results need not replicate themselves in the assembly elections.
but dominance in an assembly segment could enhance the electoral prospects of that party at the state elections, and is a morale booster for the cadres, particularly if the lead has been wrested away from another party.
though lok sabha and assembly elections are contested on different strategies and planks, leaders across sena-bjp and congress-ncp, after preliminary discussions, have indicated they will continue their alliances for the state polls.
chief minister devendrafadnavis took the first initiative to reach out to shiv sena president uddhav thackeray to reassure him of the saffron alliance in the assembly polls.
a bjp insider said: the central and state leaders have already promised an alliance with sena.
therefore, they will ensure its enforcement with some give and take.
the possibility of bjp and sena settling for a seat-sharing ratio of 55:45 cannot be ruled out.
the halfway mark for the state assembly is 145 seats.
if the bjp has to get absolute majority, it will have to contest at least 150 plus seats.
a sena leader said, going solo is ruled out after the lok sabha polls.
but sena is likely to retain its demand for 50:50 seat-sharing arrangement.
at the district party review meet after the polls, fadnavis urged the cadre to take up the challenge to ensure that the bjp-sena together cross 230 in the house of 288 seats.
the party has decided to focus on 55 assembly segments where it failed to win in the lok sabha polls.
the congress-ncp has also held its first meeting promising to bring like-minded allies together.
party leader from vidarbha, nitin raut, said: we will have to build the organisation from scratch.
we have to get back to street politics and build the party our party president rahul gandhis message of harbouring no hatred for anybody is significant.
at the same time, revival of party is a daunting task but not an impossible mission.
the congress-ncps failure to hold their bastions has come as a rude shock to the cadre.
from senior leader sushil kumar shinde in solapur to state congress chief ashok chavan in nanded, stalwarts faced a rout in the lok sabha polls.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file)despite strong objections raised by the shiv sena-led mumbai municipality and the states urban development (ud) department, chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday approved a proposal to make the state-run maharashtra housing area development authority (mhada) the planning authority for the 114 layouts it owns in the countrys commercial capital.
the move effectively robs the sena-controlled civic body of powers to sanction building proposals of housing colonies situated in these layouts, collectively spread over 20 square kilometre in mumbai.
it also comes at a time when india is banking on the re-engineering of building approvals by the mumbai municipality for a higher ranking in the world banks annual assessment exercise this year.
fadnavis gave a formal nod to the proposal friday, said sources.
pointing a finger at the mumbai municipality for inordinate delays in the approvals process for mhada layouts in mumbai, the mhadas chief executive officer, milind mhaiskar, had first approached the ud department with the proposal in january.
town planners and senior officials in the department were not in favour of the move.
the mumbai municipality, whose remarks were sought over mhadas proposal, had also strongly opposed the move.
on march 31, 2018, the municipalitys chief engineer (development plan) sanjay darade had written to the government, cautioning that any such move would not be in the interest of comprehensive development of mumbai.
maintaining that his communication to the government had the nod of mumbais municipal commissioner, darades letter alleged that mhadas proposal was only to avoid compliance of basic terms and conditions required for processing the approvals.
but just as both the agencies were locked in a blame game, the states housing department and the cmo itself jumped in favour of mhadas proposal, which, according to sources, tilted the scales in the latters favour.
incidentally, the municipality already has a dedicated cell under its building proposals department for fast tracking approval of proposals from mhada.
while this cell has been in place for over five years, sources said that it would now have to be shut down.
according to statistics, it had received proposals from 26 layouts so far.
of which, it had issued building permissions in 15 cases.
the remainder of the cases can be processed only after compliance of various terms and conditions, documents and requisition by the mhada, an official said.
denying mhadas contention of delays in issuance of building permits, darades letter has blamed non-compliance on mhadas part for the state of affairs.
the mhada has not handed over most of the development plan reservations (recreation grounds, playgrounds, etc) due to which, the municipality cannot develop these reservations.
in the past four decades, no positive step has been taken by the mhada to develop them, the letter states.
the mhada has also not been forthcoming in compliance of various development conditions, including demarcation of plot boundaries within such layouts and submission of property cards, among others, it added.
while construction rights for the redevelopment of mhada layouts have been enhanced substantially in recent times, the civic body has fired another salvo at the housing agency, contending that it had failed to upgrade the internal infrastructure proportionately, depriving residents of their basic rights.
on appointing mhada as the planning authority, the situation, regarding the compliance of basic (planning) requirements, will go totally out of order.
this may result in a serious situation in the future, the civic chief engineer has cautioned.
with premiums for construction rights now expected to go in the mhadas kitty, the civic body has also staked claim over the expenditure it has incurred in the development and the maintenance of basic infrastructure, such as roads, street lights, sewarage and storm water drains within such layouts.
b'maharashtra is learnt to have told railways that the proposed station would lead to a revenue loss of rs 10,000 crore for the state.
(representational image) maharashtra is learnt to have told railways that the proposed station would lead to a revenue loss of rs 10,000 crore for the state.
(representational image)indias rs 98,000-crore bullet train project between ahmedabad and mumbai has run into an unexpected roadblock.
the maharashtra government is not allowing the railways to build the most crucial station  mumbai.
as per the railways plans, the mumbai station is to be constructed underground at the bandra-kurla complex (bkc)  the central business district in the western suburb.
the plans were prepared by japanese consultants, who surveyed all options and zeroed in on this area after speaking with state authorities.
but maharashtra has told railways that the proposed station would hamper its plans to build a financial centre at the same place.
that the station would be underground has failed to cut ice with the state government.
in may, railway ministry officials held two rounds of meetings with maharashtra officials, the chief secretary and chief minister devendrafadnavis , but failed to arrive at a breakthrough.
maharashtra is learnt to have told railways that the proposed station would lead to a revenue loss of rs 10,000 crore for the state.
share this article related article bullet train gets past major hurdle over bkc landbullet train gets past major hurdle over bkc land gujarat govt to help railways acquire land for bullet train projectgujarat govt to help railways acquire land for bullet train project mumbai-ahmedabad bullet train: amid failure to secure land for station, panel suggests elevated corridor at extra rs 10k crmumbai-ahmedabad bullet train: amid failure to secure land for station, panel suggests elevated corridor at extra rs 10k cr mumbai bullet train clears major hurdlemumbai bullet train clears major hurdle bullet train project: fadnavis asks rlys to use its own landmumbai-ahmedabad bullet train project stuck, no consensus yet on land for stationwhile the railways has told the state that it would get back with an answer, some in the ministry are inclined to knock on prime minister narendra modis door for a solution or a compromise, given that maharashtra is a bjp-ruled state.
of the 28-hectare land at the bkc, railways needs only 0.
9 hectares to build access to the underground station.
but maharashtra has said that because of the existing building bylaws and rules governing commercial establishments, a significant portion would become inaccessible for the proposed financial centre  a showpiece project for the state.
railways also tried to explain to state officials that proximity to a high-speed railway station would only enhance the profile of the proposed centre, but the state remains unconvinced.
once an underground station is built there, we will not be able to build anything on the ground, so the loss of land to us is more than just 0.
9 hectares, u p s madan, commissioner of the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda), told the indian express.
madan said that according to calculations, the floor space index of the bkc is four.
so even if we take that one hectare of land is gone, the fsi would be for four hectares, which is a huge loss.
railways never wrote to us or informed us when the study was going on, else we would have told them then, madan said.
the state government is also learnt to have told railways that since only a small portion of the bullet train corridor  one of modis pet infrastructure projects  falls in maharashtra, such a large revenue loss cannot be justified.
railways has been informally asked to either extend the project beyond mumbai or use its own vacant land for a station.
railways has vacant land in both bandra and kurla, but not in the prime bkc.
japanese consultants had opted for bkc because it would provide better traffic and a superior accessibility to the project.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis also tweeted that he misses the guidance provided by rss supremo.
(source: file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis also tweeted that he misses the guidance provided by rss supremo.
(source: file photo)amidst a spar between the ruling alliance partners in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday greeted uddhav thackeray on shiv senas 50th anniversary, even as he greatly missed party founder late balasaheb thackerays guidance.
shiv sena completes 50 years today.
my heartfelt greetings to party chief uddhav thackeray and the party workers, fadnavis said on micro-blogging site twitter.
late party supremo balasaheb thackerays guidance has always proved valuable.
he is greatly missed today!
, he said in another tweet.
watch video: whats making newstalking about the cms tweets, a bjp leader said fadnavis statement is an indication that had balasaheb been alive, the 25-year-old alliance between both parties would not have broken (ahead of the 2014 maharashtra assembly polls) and the sena would not have constantly targeted the bjp on each and every issue, which it is seen doing today.
had balasaheb been alive today, he would not have let the two decades year old alliance break.
there had always been ups and downs in our relations, but they were resolved amicably.
but lately, the taunts and criticism have increased way beyond the permissible limits!
, the leader said.
the cm rightly said that balasaheb is sorely missed today, he added.
the sena is hosting a grand event this evening at nse ground in goregaon east showcasing its 50 years of political journey that has been shaped by the contribution of balasaheb thackeray and his family.
however, in an apparent snub to bjp ahead of the 2017 brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) polls, sena has not invited its ally for the event.
the partys mega show is being seen as sounding of poll bugle for the prestigious bmc elections.
the price of petrol has reached an all-time high of rs 82.
33 per litre in pune, while the price of diesel is rs 69 per litre.
but, say dealers, the rising fuel prices can be slashed if the government does away with the additional taxes imposed on them.
state congress chief ashok chavan cited the example of neighbouring karnataka, where petrol was cheaper by rs 9 per litre and diesel by rs 3.
50.
(files) state congress chief ashok chavan cited the example of neighbouring karnataka, where petrol was cheaper by rs 9 per litre and diesel by rs 3.
50.
(files)the state congress has now taken up this issue and demanded that petroleum products be brought under the ambit of the goods and services tax (gst).
the party has also demanded that the state government scrap other taxes to bring down fuel prices, a demand made earlier by the all india petrol dealers association.
in a letter sent to chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday, state congress chief ashok chavan said the government should waive off the other taxes and duties, as it will help ease the burden for citizens.
fuel should be brought under the ambit of gst, he said.
congress spokesperson sachin sawant said,if petroleum products are brought under gst, automatically, the other taxes imposed on petroleum products will disappear.
this is because under gst, only one tax is allowed.
sawant claimed that as per the congresss calculations, if petroleum products came under gst, their prices would come down by at least 50 per cent.
we have been demanding that the other taxes on fuel be scrapped, said sumit dhumal, president of aipdas pune unit.
the aipda said about 25 per cent value added tax (vat) is added to the basic price of petrol  rs 44.
82 per litre.
thats rs 13.
92 plus, there is central tax of 19 per cent, which is rs 11, as well as rs 10 cess of state and central governments, rs 3 dealer commission and 47 paisa licence fee of oil companies, said dhumal,.
the association said if petroleum products are brought under the ambit of gst, they would fall in the 28 per cent tax bracket.
currently, on the basic price of rs 42, the tax is almost 100 per cent the price would come down, said the aipda.
state congress chief chavan cited the example of neighbouring karnataka, where petrol was cheaper by rs 9 per litre and diesel by rs 3.
50.
in maharashta, the government imposes vat, surcharge and cess.
in 2015, the government had imposed drought cess of rs 2 on fuel prices.
even after the drought ended, the cess continued, he said.
another party leader said petroleum products were kept out of the gst net as they were a major source of revenue for cash-strapped state governments.
chief minister devendrafadnavis monday sprung a surprise when he announced the name of vikas mahatme, a leading ophthalmologist from his hometown nagpur, as a candidate for the rajya sabha elections due next month.
sources said fadnaviss decision had the support of the central leadership of the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
according to political observers, the nomination serves two objectives, both political and social.
mahatme is a well-known doctor whose services to the poor has earned him a social standing in the state, particularly in vidarbha.
secondly, he belongs to the backward dhangar (shepherd) community, which has been demanding reservation and fighting for inclusion in the scheduled tribe category.
for the past few years, mahatme has been taking up issues related to the dhangar community, especially its demand for reservation.
immediately after devendrafadnavis took over as the cm, mahatme had organised a dhangar rally in nagpur to press for the demand.
fadnavis, who was the chief guest at the rally, had reiterated his governments commitment to keep the election promise, which, however, has remained unfulfilled so far.
mahatmes rs nomination is being seen as a political move to placate the agitated dhangar community, and also woo vidarbha region as a whole.
the other rajya sabha candidates from the bjp from maharashtra are bjp vice-president vinay sahasrabuddhe and union minister for power piyush goyal, who has already filed his nomination.
though union railway minister suresh prabhus name was also doing the rounds, it was finally decided to accommodate him from the bjps andhra pradesh quota.
highly placed sources in the party said it was felt that maharashtra already had too many heavyweight ministers representing both lok sabha and rajya sabha.
so, to ensure equal representation of ministers from states, prabhu was considered from andhra pradesh.
also, the state had to accommodate sahasrabuddhe from state the quota.
he is working in amit shahs team, said a source.
the party also declared the list of candidates for the legislative council  sujitsingh thakur (marathwada) and praveen darekar (mumbai).
two candidates from smaller parties too got nominations.
they are sadabhau khot from swabhimani shektari sanghatana and vinakyak mete from shiv sangram.
making an exception for the pet project of chief minister devendrafadnavis , the nagpur-mumbai samruddhi corridor expressway, the maharashtra cabinet on tuesday sanctioned a proposal to give a rs 4,000-crore government guarantee to the project.
advertisingthe guarantee was extended to allow the maharashtra state road development corporation (msrdc), the projects nodal agency, to raise a loan of rs 4,000 crore for the projects consortium.
while a consortium of banks led by the state bank of india, has agreed to provide finance for the ambitious express highway project, sources said the lenders had insisted on a government guarantee, given the tight fiscal health of the corporation.
the 700-km project is worth rs 50,000 crore.
according to msrdcs estimates, about rs 26,000 crore is required for the construction work.
the agency was falling short of rs 4,000 crore to reach this target, and have now decided to raise a loan to meet it.
advertisingwith the debt mounting on the exchequer, the states finance managers had earlier adopted a fiscal policy, where it was decided to keep funding of big-ticket infrastructure projects outside the governments budget.
the states fiscal managers had adopted a strategy of not extending government guarantees and subsidiary loans for funding such projects.
the governments liabilities or unpaid debt burden is projected to soar to rs 4.
72 lakh crore by march 2020.
further, the contingent liabilities have also crossed the rs 4 lakh-crore mark, sources said.
after agreeing to extend a subsidiary loan to some metro rail projects, the government has now also made an exception from the policy for the samruddhi corridor in a bid to fast-track the implementation of the project.
sources said the chief minister was keen on performing the bhoomipujan for the project before the model code of conduct for the assembly elections kicked in.
a day after the bombay high court directed that fir be registered into the maharashtra state cooperative bank (mscb) scam, chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said the case will be registered within five days.
advertisingformer deputy chief minister and ncp leader ajit pawar, along with 76 others, have been accused of causing financial losses to the tune of rs 1,000 crore to mscb between 2007 and 2011.
the government will initiate the process of registering a case as directed by the court within five days.
the matter is being looked into, fadnavis said at jalgaon.
ncp spokesperson nawab malik accused the government of harassing opposition leaders.
we dont want to comment on court matters however, if we look at the developments across the country, including maharashtra, it is evident that bjp is trying to misuse various central agencies to harass opposition leaders, he said.
the cm, however, maintained: there is not a single instance where the party has acted with political vendetta.
every decision has been taken purely on the merit of the case being pursued by investigating agencies.
even before the project is tendered out, the estimated cost of the project has shot up from rs 45,452 crore to rs 49,247 crore.
(express file photo) even before the project is tendered out, the estimated cost of the project has shot up from rs 45,452 crore to rs 49,247 crore.
(express file photo)in a controversial move, the maharashtra government plans to allow private partners investing in the construction of the 701-km mumbai-nagpur samruddhi corridor the right to commercially exploit the road for 40 years.
the project, which also involves the development of 25 new towns, is seen as chief minister devendrafadnavis pet infrastructure project.
it is to run through 10 districts, 26 talukas and 390 villages.
on tuesday, the state pwd tabled the draft of the concession agreement for the construction of the project before the state cabinet.
the agreement grants the concessionaire the right to collect user fees by levying toll for 40 years.
the state finance department has already raised a red flag over the period of concession.
on the basis of the estimates of vehicular traffic that would use the corridor and the land development component, it has contended that the concessionaire would be in a position to recover the costs and earn reasonable profit within 10 years of operation.
the concession of period should be restricted to 15 years at most, it had maintained.
the states fiscal managers have also cautioned that in the past, the government has courted criticism for entering into concession arrangements that were seen as unduly favouring the private party.
even before the project is tendered out, the estimated cost of the project has shot up from rs 45,452 crore to rs 49,247 crore.
with the government setting an ambitious two-and-a-half year target for the completion of the construction work, the state-run maharashtra state road development corporation limited (msrdc)  the projects nodal agency  has proposed to raise rs 35,000 crore in loan from banking institutions and global lending firms.
while the capital cost in the project was previously expected to be around rs 11,000 crore, this is now expected to go up.
following the finance departments objection, the cabinet, which sanctioned all the other terms and conditions of the draft agreement on tuesday, has conditioned that the departments approval would be necessary before finalisation of the revised project cost and the concession period.
further, while the government has taken a policy decision earlier this year to fund big ticket infrastructure projects through off-budget borrowings due to the delicate fiscal health of the state exchequer, the government on tuesday agreed to a condition to provide equity support in the event of cost overruns or cash shortfall during the period of operation.
sources said the finance and the law departments have objected to the condition, but the cabinet appeared to have ignored their objection.
sources added that the projects lead lender had made it clear that it was agreeable to fund the project only if the government guaranteed such a support.
the government has also accepted if the tolling contract were to be annulled or closed down due to political reasons or court cases, the concessionaire would be entitled to recover the loss of revenue from the msrdc or the government.
while the law department has also raised objections over a condition that binds the government to reimburse the concessionaire for increase in cost owing to change in the scope of the project, the cabinet has okayed the condition.
further, the law department has objected to the non-collection of performance security from the contractor, but officials at the msrdc argued against it, contending that the concession agreement was being signed between the government, the msrdc, and the msrdc-led special purpose vehicle formed for the project.
sources said that the cabinet nod will clear decks for the msrdc to enter into agreements with lenders to raise loans.
the agency has claimed to have secured loan commitment worth over rs 19,000 crore so far.
ncp chief sharad pawar at an election rally in yerawada.
sandeep daundkar ncp chief sharad pawar at an election rally in yerawada.
sandeep daundkarhitting out at bjp and shiv sena over playing bad politics in the state, ncp chief sharad pawar on tuesday said that there was a fear that the industrial growth in the state during the tenure of previous government is likely to get hamper due to the wrong policies of the current bjp-sena alliance state government.
watch what else is in the newsthere is a fear that the maharashtra might fall back in the race of industrial growth in states in the country, said pawar addressing election rally at yerawada.
he said there were differences in opinion between the alliance partners congress and ncp but they never came out in public and it never affected the development of state or city.
the bjp and shiv sena are in power at state and centre, making serious allegations against each other, pawar said.
one can understand that the two parties know the truth about each other, he said, the bjp has been inducting political leaders with criminal background.
chief minister devendrafadnavis holds the responsibility of state home ministry but is seen welcoming leaders with criminal background in his party.
the ncp chief said that if the citizens want to keep persons with criminal background away from gaining power, then that party needs to be defeated.
pawar said the bjp-led union government has failed to justify its decision of demonetisation as they are running away from facing questions of opposition in parliament.
the prime minister had promised to get all the black money in foreign banks back to the country, he said adding, the bjp merely makes big announcements but have failed to do so despite being in power.
the ncp has proved its credential as it ruled pmc and pcmc and have been recognised among the top civic bodies in the country on development issue, pawar said the citizens should re-elect the ncp to continue the development work in the city by completing the works that are in progress.
the recognition of city as it hub and automobile hub speaks a lot about the development taken place in the city in last decade, he added.
b'chief minister devendra fadnavis.
chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the state government on tuesday allocated 440 hectare of land for building an administrative complex in the tribal-dominated district of palghar.
the project will be developed by cidco.
the policy decisions related to the revenue ministry were taken by chief minister devendrafadnavis in the first cabinet meeting after the resignation of eknath khadse.
the proposal for creation of administrative township in palghar was under consideration of the revenue department.
a senior cabinet minister said, in absence of khadse, who held the revenue ministry among 10 portfolios, the chief minister has retained all the departments with him.
however, the disbursement of portfolios will be taken during the cabinet expansion-cum-reshuffle in june.
the final dates are still being worked out.
the palghar administrative complex will have 37 departments, including collectors office, zilla parishad office, auditorium and employees quarters.
the work is likely to commence soon as the 440 hectare land belongs to the revenue department.
on august 1, 2014, palghar district was carved out of old thane district.
palghar became the 36th district of maharashtra which comprises the talukas, vikramgad, jawar, mokhada, dahanu, talasari, vada, and vasai-virar.
as per the 2011 census, the total population of the district is 2.
99 crore, 52 per cent of which is dominated by the tribal (rural) population.
after the bifurcation of the old thane district, it was becoming difficult for people to cope with administrative office work scattered between thane and mumbai, thus the decision to build the administrative complex was taken.
there is a possibility of fadnavis asking senior minister chandrakant patil to take over the charge of the revenue ministry.
currently, patil holds minstries of public works department and cooperation and marketing.
meanwhile, another senior minister sudhir mungantiwar said, there is no question of my vying for the revenue portfolio.
i am already holding important ministries of finance and forest.
moreover, i believe one should take up the portfolios of interest instead of striving for something which one cannot cope beyond a point.
a 20-year-old computer science student has set up the first fodder camp in nivdunge village in ahmednagar district.
the five-acre farm, which provides fodder and water to at least 500 cows, has provided crucial backup to 200 farmers in the drought-affected pathardi taluka of the district.
advertisingbut sharad markad, who set up the camp with funds he raised himself, has received little help from political parties contesting in the elections in ahmednagar on april 23.
we are running out of money and have to pay rs 6 lakh that were given as loans, but are yet to get the states grant, which amounts to rs 90 for a large cow and rs 45 for a small one, said sharad, himself a farmers son.
farmers are facing acute distress from water scarcity and low rainfall.
there is no work at farms.
but party leaders ask me why am i taking on this work at such a young age, said sharad, who joined the swabhimani shetkari sanghatana  maharashtras largest union of farmers.
advertisinga final-year bsc student at dadapatil rajale arts and science college at kasar pimpalgaon, near the village where the farm has come up, sharads efforts to help farmers began last year, when the sanghatana made him the pathardi taluka president.
he started raising money to set up a fodder camp for cattle and filmed the story of bandu markad, a pomegranate farmer who destroyed his crop as he was unable to get even rs 10 per kg for the produce at the local market last year.
the video of the tearful farmer bandu went viral and people and organisations sent in funds to the tune of rs 1.
5 lakh, said sharad.
several other organisations donated generously.
family and friends also assisted sharad, so that by november, he had managed to raise rs 12 lakh, and with bandus help, set up the fodder camp.
there are many more farmers like me.
at this camp, we were able to provide water and fodder for 200 farmers, said bandu.
the donations, some of which bandu used to repay part of his loans, were used to supply water through tankers to the farmers worst affected by the drought.
however, the grant from the state is yet to come.
we were the first ones to set up such a fodder camp in november across the state, said sharad, adding that the state only sanctioned the camp recently.
there is severe water scarcity and i require two tankers of water (12,000 litres) daily for the pomegranate farm, said bandu.
at the cattle camp, too, rs 30,000 is required daily for water and fodder.
the gravity of the fodder shortage is also seen in the fact that farmers are now investing in smaller cows so that they can sell them later.
but milk production is declining  compared to 15-16 earlier, a cow now produces a maximum of 8 litres per day, sharad said.
among several farmers who have been staying at the camp since november is 55-year-old laxman gondhane.
i have six cows at the camp.
it takes rs 10-20 to travel by autorickshaw to my place and i need to save as i also have to pay back several loans, he said.
subhash markad, who has five cows at the camp, is also angry.
why has it taken so much time for the state to recognise this camp and give us a grant?
he asked.
he criticised the manner in which the installment of rs 2,000 under the pradhan mantri samman nidhi (pm-kisan) scheme was allegedly withdrawn after being deposited recently.
the pm-kisan scheme is an initiative by the centre to support small and marginal farmers who have less than five acres of landholding by crediting rs 6,000 in their accounts.
but 73-year-old dnyandev sherkar dismissed that any such move had been made and alleged that the state had not fulfilled its promise to waive loans.
instead, authorities come here at 2 am and make us sign papers, he claimed.
advertisingprashant patil, resident deputy collected, ahmednagar district, said sanction had been given for 466 fodder camps this year.
till march 31, the grant was as per the old rate of rs 70 for a large cow and rs 35 for a small cow.
accordingly, rs 17-18 crore has been sanctioned and we are waiting for the funds, patil added.
in the wake of the kondhwa tragedy that claimed 15 lives, the bandhkam mazdoor sabha on monday demanded stringent implementation of the building and other construction workers (regulation of employment and conditions of service) act, 1996.
advertisingthe sabha also launched an indefinite hunger strike in front of the district collectorate on monday morning.
nitin pawar, sabhas general secretary, said the state government framed rules under the building and other construction workers act in 2007.
we thought that the plight of workers would end after the rules were framed.
however, nothing happened; the rules were never implemented seriously and workers continue to die or get injured at construction sites, he said.
pawar said the building and other construction workers welfare board, mumbai, is the sole authority in maharashtra which is supposed to implement the rules for safety and welfare of the labourers.
the board is supposed to ensure that the provisions of the building act are implemented strictly.
however, they do not have the requisite machinery to do the same.
therefore, they have designated the responsibility to state labour department, he said.
pawar said the labour department, which is supposed to oversee the implementation of the act, has also failed in its job.
advertisinghe added that welfare of construction labourers was an additional responsibility for the labour department, whose main task is to look after the interest of industrial workers.
the industrial work force is 95 per cent while the construction workers are 5 per cent the department is not able to do justice to construction workers as the additional responsibility seems to be a burden for it, said pawar.
the sabha monday demanded setting up of district-wise welfare boards, instead of having one board at the state level.
currently, there is only one board at state level  the building and other construction workers welfare board.
there should be boards at district-level for the interest of construction workers.
the board should be provided required machinery and workforce for implementing of the act, said mehboob nadas, president of the bandhkam mazdoor sabha.
pawar said under the maharashtra mathadi, hamal and other manual workers (regulation of employment welfare) act, at least 35 boards have been set up.
the boards have been set up across the state and they are doing their job appropriately.
on the similar lines, welfare boards at district levels should be set up for construction workers, he said.
nadas said the role of building and other construction workers welfare board also raises doubts despite it having funds to the tune of rs 32,000 crore.
this amount is collected from cess levied on construction work except for giving scholarship to children of construction workers, the board has not done anything worthwhile, he said.
nadas said the registration of labourers has been made complicated.
most of the labourers are from other states.
they are mostly illiterate and have no documents to get themselves registered.
ration cards and domicile certificates are demanded from them, which they often do not possess.
aadhaar has been made mandatory for opening bank accounts.
but many of them do not have aadhaar cards and therefore they cannot open bank accounts and direct benefits cannot be transferred to their accounts, he said.
pawar said labour department employees are supposed to visit construction sites and get registration done.
alleging that chief minister devendrafadnavis was favouring builders, the sabha said, the cm had announced that accidents at construction sites will be registered only as accidents and no cases will be filed against builders.
this attitude of the state government has emboldened builders to act as per their whims.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday chaired a meeting to review implementation of the new port policy.
during the meeting, plans for development of ports and rail/road connectivity to ports were also discussed.
there was a presentation on expansion plan of jsw jaigarh port, karanja terminal, yogayatan port and katale shipyard, ro-ro services, a statement from chief ministers office (cmo) said.
there was also a presentation on sagarmala project and the cm gave directions for its effective implementation, it said.
vadhwan port in the state is part of the centres sagarmala project.
meanwhile, the cm also chaired a meeting to review preparation for the celebration of 126th birth anniversary of dr babasaheb ambedkar at chaityabhoomi in mumbai.
ministers rajkumar badole, vishnu savara and senior officials from social justice, police and other state departments as well as from brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) were present for this meeting.
during the meeting, fadnavis gave instructions to provide necessary facilities to citizens who visit chaityabhoomi in huge numbers to pay tributes to dr ambedkar, the statement added.
chief minister devendrafadnavis during a rehabilitation programme on sunday.
chief minister devendrafadnavis during a rehabilitation programme on sunday.
two years and eight months after the landslide, a village completely rehabilitated with houses, schools and community spaces was inaugurated on sunday in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis , other elected representatives, administration and locals.
as many as 68 houses resistant to natural calamities, including landslide and earthquakes, were handed over to the survivors of the malin tragedy, which killed 151 villagers in july 2014.
the rehabilitated village has a primary school, a community hall, gram panchayat office, bus stop, primary health centre among the total 18 amenities that the district administration said have been created.
the rehabilitation work has been carried out by the district administration with funds from the state government as well as the private bodies.
a total of rs 27 crore has been spent on the rehabilitation, officials said.
on sunday, the event was attended by fadnavis, rehabilitation minister chandrakant patil, women and child development minister pankaja munde, pune guardian minister girish bapat, shirur mp shivaji adhalrao patil, ambegaon mla dilip valase patil, district collector saurabh rao, pune zp ceo daulat desai, ndrf commandant anupam shrivastav and several other representatives of various private and government bodies who played a role in rescue and rehabilitation of the village.
praising the rehabilitation work, the chief minister said that through the malin project, the pune administration has created a model for rehabilitation not only for maharashtra but for the entire country.
post malin disaster, not only the state government and administration, but the entire society came forward to do whatever that could be done to alleviate the pain of those affected, said fadnavis, praising the efforts taken by the district administration.
after walse patil pointed out the need to take immediate efforts to address the water woes in the region and take precautionary measures in half a dozen villages in the region that are landslide prone, fadnavis promised a financial allocation of rs 18 crore to resplve the water issue and rs 6 crore to study the viullages under the threat of landslide.
collector saurabh rao said, the district administration has taken efforts for psychological as well as economic rehabilitation of the surviving families.
kamaji pote, a villager who managed to survive, said, i was returning when i heard the loud noise and saw the landslide occur.
i shouted and tried to alert but didnt know what to do when the calamity struck in seconds, he said.
in fact, the responsibility of identifying the dead fell on him.
i see the new homes and they are beautiful but it can never be as good as our village with all its residents, he said.
the national disaster response force (ndrf) officers, who played a key role in rescue efforts, visited the village on sunday as invitees when the rehabilitated houses was inaugurated.
although the then ndrf commandant aloke awasthi is no longer with the force and has been transferred to chhattisgarh, the present commandant anupam shrivastav said that malin proved to be a great learning experience for the battalion as well as ndrf as a rescue force.
a memorial for the 151 dead has been erected at the foot of the hill.
mla and former speaker maharashtra assembly dilip walse patil, said that the state forest department has spent several lakh rupees to create the memorial smritivan.
malin school stands tall* the malin school, which was the only strong, brick-cement building in the village and had survived the landslide on june 2014, had also witnessed the great tragedy.
the school had in fact lost 28 of its students to the tragedy.
* as part of the rehabilitation efforts, a new school building has been built in the rehabilitated complex with four rooms and an office.
the school has class i to vii with a total student count of 69.
of the four classrooms, three are equipped with e-learning systems.
* we have a great building now.
its posh, comfortable and modern.
but the loss of life and the grief will never go.
we had few students who had their parents, their siblings.
its extremely difficult to handle such students and help them cope with the grief, said devidas malache, a primary teacher.
* eleven-year-old roshan jhanjare, a survivor and now a class v student, said that he liked the new school.
its much better than the old one and the tin- shed school we later shifted to.
* dattatraya sakat, one of the teachers said, in malin, we along with eight of our students, painted the school, nursery and village compound.
it took us 8 days to paint.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis will set out on a month-long vikas rath yatra across the state in august as part of bjps bid to retain power in the upcoming assembly polls.
saturdays big announcement comes at a time when the bjp is locked in a tussle with its ally shiv sena over who would get to name the next cm if their alliance wins the polls.
advertisingsenior bjp leader and state revenue minister chandrakant patil said, in august, the cm will embark on a vikas rath yatra to underscore the achievements of the government and interact directly with people.
while saying that the details of the yatra were yet to be worked out, patil shared that the plan was to cover six assembly segments every day, and 200 in all.
on saturday, the state bjp held a crucial meeting in mumbai when partys senior office-bearers deliberated on the election strategy for the upcoming state polls, which are due in october.
patil made the announcement immediately after the meeting.
fadnavis was also present at the meeting.
while both allies have sealed a 50:50 seat-sharing formula for the upcoming polls, the sena, which wants to regain the status of the bigger party in maharashtra, is also pushing for an equal sharing of power (which means sharing of the tenure of the cms post, irrespective of the seats).
in fact, an editorial in senas mouthpiece, saamana, on june 21, had said that the the states next cm will be from the shiv sena.
but the bjp is not in a mood to budge.
advertisingamid the ongoing tussle, bjp sources said that the cms yatra was aimed at projecting fadnaviss leadership as the face of the saffron combine in the state.
the cm will be at the forefront of the campaign.
since we would be projecting the governments achievements, other ministers, including those from the sena, will join the yatra along the way.
while both parties have maintained that the top leadership of the two parties would mutually decide the issue, senior bjp minister girish mahajan, on saturday, fired a salvo at the ally.
considering the lok sabha outcome, it is clear that the bjp is the bigger brother (in the state).
everyone in our party feels that the (next) cm should be from the bjp.
in a further dig, mahajan said, we made efforts to ensure senas win in ls constituencies where they were weak.
patil, however, later said, both the parties were working in perfect tandem.
our sole aim is to ensure a win for the combine.
that fadnavis is being projected as the face of the combine is also clear from the proposed yatras tag line.
phir ek baar shiv shahi sarkaar (saffron alliance once again), said patil, when asked about the campaigns tag line.
meanwhile, the bjp has also coined a new slogan for the state poll  ab ki baar 220 paar (220 plus this time).
maharashtra has 288 assembly segments.
in 2014, when the two allies had split up, the bjp had won 122 seats and the shiv sena 63, whereas in the recent ls poll, the saffron combine was ahead in over 230 segments.
in the run-up to the polls, patil also informed that the bjp will embark on a fresh membership drive to recruit 25 lakh more members.
the partys strategists have also decided to reach out to first time voters, females, and the youth.
booth management plans were also reviewed on saturday.
meanwhile, in a reach out to drought-stressed families, the party has decided to run a localised campaign for mobilising resources to fund education related expenses of school and college going girls in the parched belts.
meanwhile, state bjp chief raosaheb danve, also a union minister, hinted that the party will soon name his replacement.
with ashish shelar inducted as a minister in the fadnavis government, a new mumbai bjp chief is also in the offing.
on thursday, some new appointments were announced at the district presidents level.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file)the opposition congress has said a fall in professional tax collection shows the bjp-led government in maharashtra has failed to address the issue of rising unemployment in the state.
professional tax collection figure shows employment status in the organised sector and a drop in its accumulation indicates lack of new formal sector jobs, maharashtra pradesh congress committee (mpcc) spokesperson sachin sawant said.
higher the tax collection, more are the number of permanent employees.
during the devendrafadnavis governments tenure, professional tax collection has been falling each year, he said on friday.
this year (2017-18), the maharashtra government missed the professional tax collection target by rs 652 crore.
it was expected to collect rs 2,769 crore in the year, but could net only rs 2,117 crore, sawant said.
the fadnavis-led government has been missing its collection target for the last three years.
in contrast, under the congress-led government, collection surpassed targets in 2013-14 and 2014-15, he said.
it is unfortunate that the tax collection of rs 2,117 crore in fy18 was less than that clocked in 2013-14 when it stood at rs 2,146 crore, the congress leader said.
sawant said this drop in professional tax collection indicates poor performance of the fadnavis government as well as the ill-effects of demonetisation on the states economy.
it was clear that demonetisation destroyed the entire unorganised sector but even the organised sector has faced serious problems.
he said chief minister devendrafadnavis is selling false dreams by organising events like `make in maharashtra, `magnetic maharashtra and exaggerating investment and job creation figures from such programmes.
like many other sectors under the bjp government, maharashtra is lagging behind in the industrial segment as well, sawant said.
b'more than 30,000 farmers march towards mumbai to demand their loans waived.
(express photo by deepak joshi/file) more than 30,000 farmers march towards mumbai to demand their loans waived.
(express photo by deepak joshi/file)the state governments decision to provide additional loan waiver to debt-ridden farmers for loans availed between 2001 and 2008 is likely to cost rs 10,000 crore.
the government had announced the latest waiver following a farmers agitation on monday highly placed sources in the government told the indian express, the government is committed to give the loan waiver announced by chief minister devendrafadnavis to eligible farmers and tribals across maharashtra.
overall, it is our preliminary estimate that loan waiver between 2001 and 2008 and the current loan waiver (from 2009 to 2016) together will not cross rs 35,000 crore, a senior official said.
the official added, in june 2017, the government announced a loan waiver of rs 34,200 crore for 89 lakh farmers.
the financial estimate and number of farmers were based on statistics provided by the state level bankers committee.
however, after a thorough scrutiny, it was noticed that there were almost 22 lakh ghost accounts.
the deletion of these ghost accounts helped to check corruption and save rs 10,000 crore.
the introduction of online (digital) loan waiver process helped the administration to shortlist eligible and genuine farmers in whose accounts the loan waiver was directly credited.
on monday, fadnavis announced the government decision to extend loan waiver to farmers who were not given any benefit under the congress-ncp governments loan waiver announced in 2008.
in the upa government, which was led by the congress, a sizeable number of farmers specially in the tribal belt of maharashtra did not get a loan waiver, said an official.
following a demand from the akhil bharatiya kisan sabha during the farmers stir, the chief minister on monday agreed to waive farm loans availed between 2001and 2008.
almost 24 hours after the announcement, the government has started the process to set up a committee, which would make a list of eligible farmers and tribals for the loan waiver.
a senior officer associated with the loan waiver process said, it is going to be a tedious process as we have to ensure financial institutions dont misuse the loan waiver to mop up funds.
the government has decided to adopt the same guidelines as the current waiver and write off loans up to rs 1.
5 lakh for a family, irrespective of size of land holding.
sources in the finance department and cooperative department said, at present, the loan waiver post 2009 to 2016 will benefit approximately 67 lakh farmers.
the total funds will not exceed rs 25,000 crore.
the government has already provided rs 23,000 crore for 54 lakh farmers.
the loan waiver for farmers and tribals from 2001 to 2008 may require fresh allocations depending on number of debt-ridden farmers.
however, officials believe even if they consider all options, the cost is unlikely to exceed rs 10,000 crore.
however, sources said, a foolproof mechanism will have to be in place to ensure it is not misused by undeserving farmers.
it is believed that a sizeable section in the backward region of vidarbha, marathwada and north maharashtra will benefit from the loan waiver (2001-2008).
recalling the loan waiver during congress-ncp government, a senior officer in the ministry of cooperation said, in the upa government the loan waiver was for farmers with a land holding upto two hectares.
it was a disadvantage to farmers from vidarbha who have larger non-irrigated land unlike their counterparts in western maharashtra and parts of north maharashtra where farmers with smaller land holding earn higher because of fertile land.
citing an example during congress-ncp loan waiver, he said, in the congress-ncp government in six districts of vidarbha, the total loan waiver was rs 286 crore, almost at par with that of mumbai, at rs 287 crore.
uddhav thackeray at the shiv sena meet at goregaon where he announced the split with bjp.
(source: amit chakravarty) uddhav thackeray at the shiv sena meet at goregaon where he announced the split with bjp.
(source: amit chakravarty)not many were surprised when shiv sena president uddhav thackeray announced at a meeting of shiv sainiks on republic day that the party would fight the brihanmumbai municipal corporation polls alone.
according to party insiders, the build-up of resentment and aggression against the bjp, the senas senior ally in the state government, had started right from the day it sought 114 seats in the 227-member bmc.
watch what else is making news:according to shiv sena leaders, the bjps demand to contest more than half the seats in a civic body controlled by the sena for nearly two decades was taken as a slight.
but much more annoying was their demand for 40 seats where the sena has sitting corporators, said one senior leader.
besides, after the senas response that we could offer them 60 seats, the bjp did not get back to us, he added.
while earlier, reports suggested that both chief minister devendrafadnavis and uddhav thackeray were in favour of an alliance, that the two did not have a second chat on the subject was indication that the discussions would collapse, say leaders.
seat-sharing talks for a pre-poll alliance started on january 16.
the first hurdle was the bjp insisting on transparency in the functioning of the bmc.
the sena responded to this by asking the bjp to similarly bring in transparency in the state cabinet, including allowing opposition leaders and the lokayukta to attend cabinet meetings.
at the end of a tense round one, a solution was still far off.
but on january 17, it appeared peace would prevail after all.
fadnavis and uddhav talked on the phone and decided that the talks must continue.
then, on january 19, the bjp gave the sena a list of 114 seats it was seeking to contest.
sena leaders in the know said they knew then that the talks would collapse.
seeking 114 seats was unacceptable, and that too including 40 sitting sena corporators seats.
that is over 50 per cent of our existing strength of 75 corporators in the bmc.
it was clear that they were out to finish the sena, said one leader who was part of the parleys.
a little over a day later, the senas strategists returned with their deliberately low offer of 60 seats, as party seniors had not forgotten the last-minute breakdown of talks ahead of the 2014 assembly polls.
by now, many senior sena leaders were preparing to compile candidate lists for all 227.
while all eyes were now on the cm, the anticipated call from fadnavis never came.
another sena leader said that party seniors were seething at the continuing personal attacks by bjp leaders on the sena leadership over alleged corruption in the bmc.
the bjp talked about transparency, but were not ready for the same when we demanded it at the state and union governments.
also, the cm did not step in to stop their leaders from criticising the sena leadership, said the leader.
on wednesday, according to sources, an upbeat uddhav interacted with leaders about the partys strength in the eventuality of going solo.
the previous day, he had already convened a meeting of all senior sena leaders and vibhag pramukhs.
besides taking stock of preparations for thursdays rally, he asked everyone about their views on the alliance.
the majority of the vibhag pramukhs were in favour of going alone.
uddhav said he would announce his decision on thursday, said a senior sena mp.
by now, it was obvious what the decision would be, barring any last-minute intervention from the cm.
another senior sena leader pointed out that the reportage in saamana, the senas mouthpiece, over the last few days was also a clear indication of the mood among the seniors.
editorials in the mouthpiece, considered to be the views of the party president, were relentlessly critical of the bjp, prime minister narendra modi and state bjp president raosaheb danve.
besides ridiculing danve for his statement that he was positive about an alliance with the sena, saamana also criticised the bjp for welcoming politicians with criminal backgrounds into the party.
it continued to criticise modi for the swachh bharat missions central team seeking a bribe from officials of the aurangabad municipal corporation, besides terming demonetisation a nuclear bomb on the indian economy.
some of the news reports titled special 26 on wednesday and decision on the spot on thursday clearly indicated that the alliance was about to break.
for the old timers, the decision was no surprise, said the leader.
meanwhile, state finance minister sudhir mungantiwar said special session of state legislature will be convened between may 20-22 to ratify gst bill.
(representational image) meanwhile, state finance minister sudhir mungantiwar said special session of state legislature will be convened between may 20-22 to ratify gst bill.
(representational image)shiv sena ministers on tuesday called on chief minister devendrafadnavis at his official residence at mumbai and demanded a special session of the maharashtra legislature to discuss the issues plaguing the farmers.
farm loan waiver is the first issue that needs to be discussed.
unseasonal rains and hailstorms are also plaguing the farmers.
thus, we have urged the chief minister for a special assembly (session) to discuss the farmers issues.
the chief minister was positive about ensuring justice for the farmers, sena minister eknath shinde told reporters.
he said the delegation had demanded that the special three-day session of the state legislature, called to ratify the goods and services tax (gst) bill between may 20 and may 22, be extended by two days to discuss the farmers issues.
the chief minister has assured us of a positive response after speaking to his cabinet colleagues, shinde added.
another sena minister, ramdas kadam, said during the meeting, they also urged the chief minister to commence tur procurement once again and provide relief to farmers who had a bumper production this year.
meanwhile, state finance minister sudhir mungantiwar said the special session of the state legislature will be convened between may 20 and may 22 to ratify the gst bill.
the union finance minister (arun jaitley) has convened a special gst council meet in srinagar on may 18-19, where a decision will be taken as regards which items will come under the new taxation policy.
i will have to be present at that meet, he said.
mungantiwar said the government will convene a meeting of the cabinet sub-committee to decide on the compensation amount to be provided to farmers affected by hailstorms.
farmers affected by natural calamities have always been provided relief.
this time too the government is positive over the issue, the bjp minister said.
asked to comment on the senas demand for a special session of the maharashtra legislature to discuss farmers issues, mungantiwar said, why only three days?
we are ready to convene a 30-day session to solve their problems.
in july, we will be discussing the farmers issues anyway.
b'ncp spokesperson nawab malik slammed the chief minister over his statement regarding mumbai.
(file) ncp spokesperson nawab malik slammed the chief minister over his statement regarding mumbai.
(file)the ncp today dismissed as baseless the maharashtra governments claim that the rural areas of the state have become open defecation free.
chief minister devendrafadnavis had yesterday declared rural areas of the state open defecation-free (odf) and claimed the state has constructed the highest number of toilets in the country.
the chief ministers claim that the state has become open defecation free is baseless.
we will organise a morning safari for thecm in mumbai to see if the state has become odf, ncp spokesperson nawab malik said in a press conference.
he said the erstwhile upa government, in which the ncp was a constituent, had initiated steps to make the country and maharashtra free of the scourge of open defecation under its nirmal bharat yojana.
fadnavis had said, in a period of just three and a half years, we have made available toilets to 55 per cent of the homes that did not have toilets.
this exercise of constructing toilets spanned 34 districts, 351 talukas, 21,000 gram panchayats and 40,500 villages.
almost all homes (in rural parts) have access to toilets now.
malik slammed the chief minister over his statement regarding mumbai.
fadnavis yesterday said mumbai was not the responsibility of the state government.
does this mean that he has accepted that mumbai is not a part of maharashtra?
malik questioned.
to a query, he said the ncp organisational elections will be held on april 22.
while the ncp district units and presidents will be elected on april 22, the state president and mumbai unit chief will be elected on april 29.
the election for the national president of the party will be held on may 13, he said.
while sharad pawar is the founding president of the party, sunil tatkare currently heads its maharashtra unit.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file)chief minister devendrafadnavis in the second episode of mi mukhyamantri boltoy (i am chief minister speaking) disclosed the proposal of a five-river revival project to ensure perennial flow of water in the konkan region.
interacting with farmers from different parts of maharashtra, fadnavis said, it is an irony that konkan receives the highest rainfall in maharashtra, yet its rivers run dry during summers with the overflowing water draining into the arabian sea.
he dismissed the feasibility of the proposed river linking project on financial grounds.
responding to the water problems raised by farmer santosh dinkar, fadnavis said, we have taken up the five-river revival project.
water management expert professor rajendra singh is guiding the team on the project.
the rainfall in the konkan region has provided farmers with just paddy cultivation as their mainstay.
however, water conservation projects, which are under way in marathwada or vidarbha, cannot be applicable in the konkan belt.
to surendra bulbules question on river linking, fadnavis said, the states priority is to complete ongoing irrigation projects requiring rs 80,000 crore and water conservation projects to immediately tackle drought and double the income of farmers.
the two river linking works have been shortlisted by the centre, which will entirely fund the project.
fadnavis, replying to farmer yashwant poples query on micro-irrigation and its impact in agriculture, said adopting israels fertigation technique to improve the nutrient amount in soil, the crop yield will increase under the micro-irrigation model as well as with the help of water management techniques.
he added, with five river basins and big dams, we have as a rule made it mandatory to bring the entire sugarcane cultivation on drip irrigation within three years.
to provide uninterrupted power supply to farmers, the state will install a separate solar feeder for agriculture sector.
fadnavis said the financial implications had been worked out.
today, per unit power costs rs 4.
50 to rs 5.
we provide power to farmers at re 1.
now this amount, which is given in cross subsidy working to rs 3.
5 to rs 4 per unit, can be used for solar power installation, he said.
the solar feeder works much cheaper.
the governments solar feeder plan has been accepted by niti aayog which believes other states should also replicate the model.
outlining the advantages of solar feeder, fadnavis said, the electricity cost on agriculture pumps operated on solar feeder will be economically cheaper, thus saving the government money.
other queries raised by the farmers ranged from climate resilient agriculture techniques to higher investments in agriculture infrastructure.
a shiv sena supporter celebrates after bmc elections in mumbai.
a shiv sena supporter celebrates after bmc elections in mumbai.
with elections to bmc throwing up a fractured verdict, thinking is strong in maharashtra congress that it should consider the option of enabling the shiv sena to foist its candidate as mayor of the civic body.
the congress, which managed to secure only 31 seats in the 227-member house, however, is unlikely to rush to a decision, preferring to wait till the crucial elections to the five states are over.
watch what else is making newsthe tally of shiv sena, which emerged as the single largest party after the counting on thursday, has risen to 87 corporators with three party rebels who won as independent nominees returning to its fold yesterday.
this gave a slight push to uddhav thackerays efforts to cobble up numbers but reaching the magic figure of 114 seats needed to rule the crucial civic body is still a far cry.
he however, continued to maintain that the coveted mayors post will be held by sena only.
party workers feel sena is a lesser evil than the bjp, said a congress state office-bearer, who did not wish to be identified.
the party, however, would refrain from any open discussion or statement about this until the results of up and other state assembly polls are out, considering the political implications of such a move could have a bearing on its prospects.
senior congress leader sushil kumar shinde said the party is yet to take a decision on the issue, while mpcc chief ashok chavan chose to remain non-committal on making any open statement.
even the proponents of the idea of backing sena, said a final call will be taken by the partys central leadership after considering the pros and cons of entering into overt or covert trucks with a saffron party, known for its aggressive stand on certain issues, which is diametrically opposed to the secular plank of the congress.
on the other hand, bjp which notched up 82 seats in the mumbai civic polls after fighting separately under the leadership of chief minister devendrafadnavis , has said it wont compromise on the issue of transparency in bmc administration, which was the partys poll plank.
mumbai bjp president ashish shelar, who met fadnavis with city unit functionaries and peoples representatives before the bjp core committee meet held at the cms official residence varsha yesterday ruled out any tie up with congress in bmc, to reach the figure needed for majority.
in the bitterly fought bmc elections, shiv sena had won 84 seats (now 87), bjp secured 82, congress was relegated to the third position with 31 seats, whereas the ncp and raj thackeray-led mns finished with nine and seven seats respectively.
besides, aimim got two seats, samajwadi party 6, akhil bhartiya sena 1 and independents 5 (of which 3 have now joined the sena).
(left) tukaram mundhe and seema savale.
(left) tukaram mundhe and seema savale.
there was high drama at a board meeting of pmpml directors held on friday, when pmpml chairman and managing director tukaram mundhe reportedly lost his cool, and told the others, mala nahi chalvaychi pmpml, tumhi chalva tumhala jashi chalvaychi(i dont want to run pmpml, you can run it the way you want to).
irked at his behaviour, pimpri-chinchwads bjp unit has taken up the matter with chief minister devendra fadnavis.
during the meeting, pcmc standing committee chairperson seema savale urged mundhe to start a special bus service for women in pimpri-chinchwad.
according to savale, mundhe said such a bus service was already in operation, but she insisted that no such service existed.
the pmpml chief than sought a clarification from two of his officials, who confirmed that such a bus service was in operation.
savale said she insisted that such a bus service was not available in pimpri-chinchwad.
every year, girls in pimpri-chinchwad have to resort to gandhigiri in buses to ward off harassers.
.
, she told mundhe.
according to savale, when she refused to relent, mundhe picked up a file that was in front of him and banged it on the table.
he then got up and offered to give up his post, she claimed.
he said run pmpml the way you want to said savale.
the pcmc panel chief added, it is highly inappropriate for an officer to pick up a file and bang it on the table.
pune municipal corporation mayor mukta tilak and pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation mayor nitin kalje, both directors on the pmpml board, were present at the meeting.
pimpri-chinchwad municipal commissioner shravan hardikar objected to mundhes behaviour and asked him to calm down, while pmc standing committee chairman murlidhar mohol also expressed disapproval, said those present at the meeting.
mundhe then reportedly said he had complete information about the routes on which buses for women are run.
he asked his officials to name the routes.
the officials named six routes and all were within pmc jurisdiction, said savale.
realising his mistake, mundhe reportedly apologised.
he said sorry and i accepted iti told him that he was an honest officer but he should have respect for the people and peoples representatives, she said.
pune mayor mukta tilak said all board members had objected to mundhes behaviour and asked him not to leave the meeting in a huff.
certainly, his behaviour was not appropriate, she said.
when queried if he had lost his temper at the meeting, mundhe refused to comment, but said he had not banged a file on the table.
the pmpml chief said he didnt understand why details of the transport bodys board meeting were being made public.
i am here to improve the services of the pmpml, thats what i am doing, he said.
according to officials, mundhe had not responded to the pcmc panels request to come to pimpri-chinchwad and understand commuters grievances.
savale said after fridays meeting, she told mundhe that he will have to come to the pcmc.
initially, he resisted, then he said he will convey the date later, she said.
when queried, mundhe said he had not committed to anything on this issue.
my officers are there to look into any complaints, he said, adding that at fridays meeting, all grievances of the pcmc were discussed.
savale claimed that the pcmc has, over the years, given the pmpml over rs 500 crore, yet the bus service in pimpri-chinchwad continued to be pathetic.
we want to know why commuters in pimpri-chinchwad are getting a raw deal, she said.
bjp general secretary sarang kamtekar said the party has taken the matter to the chief ministers office.
whatever happened has been conveyed to the cm, he said.
mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis speaking during a rally ahead of municipal elections in mumbai on saturday.
pti photo mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis speaking during a rally ahead of municipal elections in mumbai on saturday.
pti photomaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has agreed to extend the last date of filing objections against the draft regional plan after over 5,000 residents from different mumbai metropolitan regions protested at the mumbai metropolitan regional development authority (mmrda) office on friday.
the date has been extended to april 25.
earlier, the last date for filing objections had been january 15.
however, since the plan was only published in english, a language most local residents did not understand, an extension of three months was sought.
villagers from different areas such as pen, alibaug, manori, uttan and gorai had gathered to protest.
we received the plan in marathi only on december 26.
the government gave us extension till february 19, but we needed at least four months from the date of receiving the regional plan for filing our objections, said lourdes dsouza, secretary of the dharavi beth bachao samiti and a resident of uttan.
we decided to protest only when our repeated requests (for an extension) fell on deaf ears.
we stayed put until our demand was met and the last date has now been extended to april 25, said dsouza.
the draft regional plan 2016-36 proposes to convert no-development zones into various industrial, residential and mining zones.
among other things, it proposes to allot green zone land for hazardous industries and mining activities.
the plan also allows for highrise buildings in the congested gaothan areas.
the inhabitants of the villages fear these plans will take away their homes and livelihood.
chandrashekar prabhu, town planner and activist, also joined the protest.
he has been actively supporting the residents in their struggle.
in the coming months, i will visit the 1,000 villages that will be affected, to learn the objections of the villagers.
a regional plan ought to be a reflection of the aspirations and hopes of the people.
through my interactions ill understand what their hopes are and convey these to the best of my capacity to the government, said prabhu.
states education minister vinod tawde (bjp) and industries minister subhash desai (shiv sena) were on friday appointed as guardian ministers of mumbai.
while desai has been put in charge of the mumbai city, tawde will look after the eastern and western suburbs.
chief minister devendrafadnavis named guardian ministers for all the 36 districts in the state.
some senior bjp and sena ministers have been made in-charge of two districts.
the state cabinet has 30 ministers at present.
guardian ministers are appointed to look after the development plans and related affairs of each district.
transport minister diwakar raote (shiv sena) has been given charge of parbhani and nanded districts while health minister deepak sawant has been given charge of osmanabad and bhandara.
senior bjp leader eknath khadse, who handles revenue and agriculture portfolios, will look after jalgaon and buldhana while cooperatives minister chandrakant patil will handle sangli and kolhapur.
finance minister sudhir mungantiwar will oversee wardha and chandrapur while rural development minister pankaja munde will look after latur and beed.
public undertakings minister eknath shinde (shiv sena) will be in charge of thane and tribal welfare minister vishnu sawra (bjp) will look after the newly created palghar district.
housing minister prakash mehta (bjp) has been given the charge of raigad, minister of state for housing ravindrawaikar (sena) ratnagiri and minister of state for finance and rural development deepak kesarkar (sena) sindhudurg district.
the others include minister of state for home ram shinde (ahmednagar), water resources minister girish mahajan (nashik and nandurbar), parliamentary affairs minister girish bapat (pune), mos for water resources vijay shivtare (satara).
minister of state for transport vijay deshmukh (solapur), minister of state for industries pravin mote (amravati), minister of state for home (urban) ranjit patil (akola), mos for revenue sanjay rathod (yavatmal).
energy minister chandrashekhar bawankule (nagpur), minister of state for tribal welfare amrish ataram (gadchiroli), social justice minister rajkumar badole (gondia), environment minister ramdas kadam (aurangabad), water supply minister babanrao lonikar (jalna) and minister of state for social justice dilip kamble (hingoli).
soon after being appointed guardian minister for mumbai suburbs, tawde said, suburbs need systematic and planned approach to development.
i will see to it that the bmcs development plan for 2014-34 is effectively implemented, with priority to construction of hospitals and schools in these areas.
the man was detained in maharashtras ralegan siddhi (ani/twitter) the man was detained in maharashtras ralegan siddhi (ani/twitter)a man was detained on saturday by police at ralegan siddhi during maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis visit to the village.
ani reported that the man was trying to move closer to fadnavis who was there for an inauguration event.
reports also suggest the man had an ink pot with him.
more details awaited.
b'chief minister devendrafadnavis with the farmers delegation in mumbai tuesday.
express chief minister devendrafadnavis with the farmers delegation in mumbai tuesday.
expressthe farmers in maharashtra have called off their june 1 strike after meeting chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai on tuesday.
a delegation of farmers from puntamba village rahata tehsil of ahmednagar district had threatened to go on strike, raising a slew of demands from loan waiver to free electricity.
earlier, more than 2,000 farmers who mobilised support from various grampanchayat across 40 villages in districts of ahmednagar, nashik and aurangabad had threatened not to sell the farm produce in market if their demands were not heeded by may 31.
on tuesday, farmers groups came to mantralya to meet fadnavis and held a detail deliberation.
as he met these farmers, fadnavis explained to them, all the major agriculture policies undertaken by the government were intended to provide water and power 247, and minimum support price for their farm produce.
while reiterating that the government was not against loan waiver, fadnavis explained that a high powered committee of state and centre was working to bring all farmers within the institutional credit crop loan bracket.
the farmers were informed that almost one crore out of the total 1.
36 crore were availing crop loan from banks and making payments.
however, there were 31 lakh who are debt-ridden and have fallen from the crop loan credit.
the state government, while working loan waiver for the debt-ridden farmers, was also keen to provide incentives to others.
when the delegation made suggestions, the cm said they could also associate with the government and present agriculture model.
the government is not averse to accommodate them in a committee.
dhananjay dhanwate, subash wahadne and vijay dhanwate, who led the farmers delegation, said, the government should take up the problems of onion growers with the centre.
it should also facilitate minimum support price to farm produce.
speaking to the media, the farmers delegation said, we had some issues which we placed before the government.
we are satisfied as the chief minister has assured all our concerns were being addressed through various schemes and policies.
under the act, social boycott is a penal offence punishable with a fine up to rs 3 lakh and imprisonment up to seven years.
(representational image) under the act, social boycott is a penal offence punishable with a fine up to rs 3 lakh and imprisonment up to seven years.
(representational image)shivaji park police station registered mumbais first case under the maharashtra prohibition of people from social boycott (prevention, prohibition and redressal) act, 2016 on friday.
the act, which came into force earlier this month after it received assent from outgoing president pranab mukherjee, disallows social boycott in the name of caste, community, religion, rituals or customs.
according to the complaint filed by prabhakar bhosale (64), a member of akhil maharashtra ghadshi community, he and his family members have been boycotted after they failed to attend the funeral of his cousin.
the said community consists of families in the profession of playing musical instruments at wedding ceremonies.
the police have booked nine members of the ghadshi community for allegedly boycotting a group of people.
the complainant claims that he and his family members have been boycotted as they failed to attend the funeral of his cousin in may 2010.
a case under section 5 of the new act has been registered and investigations are underway, said a duty officer from shivaji park police station.
in the complaint, bhosale has alleged that his grandsons school admission had to be put on hold as the community was refusing to issue a caste certificate.
my son has even been removed from whatsapp groups related to the community owing to the boycott, the complainant alleged.
on july 17, eleven members of telgu madelwar parit community lodged the first fir under the new act in pune.
the complainants had alleged that they had been boycotted from the communitys caste council for carrying out inter-caste marriages.
under the act, social boycott is a penal offence punishable with a fine up to rs 3 lakh and imprisonment up to seven years.
if any individual or group tries to prevent or obstruct another member or group from observing any social or religions custom or usage or ceremony, or from taking part in a social, religious or community function, assembly, congregation, meeting or procession, the act amounts to social boycott.
so is challenging the freedom of individuals in the name of jati panchayats, religion, customs, or denying people the right to practise a profession of their choice.
freedom, in this case, includes freedom to marry outside ones caste, visit places of worship, wear clothes of ones choice and use any specific language.
mumbai.
the ncp on tuesday began its shiv swarajya yatra from shivneri, the birthplace of maratha warrior king chhatrapati shivaji, at junnar in pune district.
the party leadership, which has seen large-scale dissension of senior party leaders, reached out to its support base by promising more tickets to youngsters in the upcoming assembly elections.
advertisingi would like to thank all those who have left the party, this has given me an opportunity to create a new and strong rung of young leaders in the party, said ncp state president jayant patil.
he attacked the bjp government saying there was unemployment in the state and the government had failed in its promise to provide employment to the youth.
there are people who have come to power by taking the name of chhatrapati shivaji.
but over the past five years, the state has regressed and the people are watching this regression with their own eyes.
ask any youth in any of the states districts if they have jobs.
their answer will be no, patil said.
he also said the yatra will highlight lapses of the state government and present the ncps vision for the state.
advertisingpatil added that if voted to power, the party will provide 75 per cent reservation to the sons of the soil in government and private jobs.
former deputy chief minister ajit pawar targeted chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is on a statewide tour, saying it wasnt right for the cm to hold a political tour when parts of the state were submerged.
when large areas of the state are flooded, the cm is interested in holding an election yatra.
are people who are marooned due to the floods more important or preparing for elections?
asked ajit.
during the 23-day campaign, ncp leaders will travel to 80 talukas in 22 districts, covering a distance of around 3,000 km.
the yatra will culminate at raigad fort in raigad district on august 28.
on tuesday, leaders like patil, mp amol kolhe and senior ncp leaders like ajit pawar, chaggan bhujbal, dhananjay munde and dilip walse patil were present to flag off the yatra.
shiv sena executive president uddhav thackeray (express photo) shiv sena executive president uddhav thackeray (express photo)deadlock between the bjp and the shiv sena over seat-sharing formula continued on sunday even as both the sides refused to pull the curtains on the possible pre-poll alliance.
the two sides, however, intensified their attack at each other.
sena mp sanjay raut said, the offer of 60 seats to bjp was more than their political strength.
yet, uddhav thackeray has shown his generosity and offered them more than what they deserve.
watch what else is in the newsbjp leaders expressed serious displeasure over the senas highhandedness to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
according to mumbai bjp chief ashish shelar, the audacity of sena to offer us 60 seats is an insult to the bjp.
we have expressed our serious objections.
shelar said the final decision related to alliance with the sena will be decided by the cm and state bjp chief raosaheb danve.
meanwhile, fadnavis carried out meetings with mlas, mps to review the poll preparedness and develop strategies to make impact in maximum mumbai.
at the meeting, poll manifesto was fine tuned.
keeping the expectations of mumbaikars, manifesto will adequately have transparency on the agenda and would highlight the work in the bmc, shelar said.
the bjp has made it clear that it was in no mood to compromise on prime minister narendra modi and cm fadnaviss emphasis on transparency as the primary condition for any alliance with the sena.
the bjp manifesto is likely to highlight its transparency agenda and it could expose the massive corruption in roads, dumping grounds projects under the sena rule in bmc.
almost 24 hours after offering 60 seats, sena president uddhav thackeray found himself in a catch 22 situation.
thackeray indicated that talks for seat-sharing could not be bound in any deadline.
he also said a final decision on the alliance would be taken only after he goes through the proposal.
he indicated that talks were still on even though time was running out.
bjp leaders told the indian express that the chief minister was keen on alliance with the sena, adding that the sena would have to accept bjps electoral growth and conditions of transparency for any talks to materialise.
highly placed sources in the sena said that uddhav was facing a double dilemma: on one hand he wants alliance with the bjp, but he fears conceding more seats to the bjp could lead to rebels within the organisation.
the sena has contested 135 out of 227 seats.
it believes any decision to accept 117 to 120 seats, which were being suggested by the bjp, could prove detrimental for the party.
those candidates who are denied tickets might switch over to other parties or contest as independents.
thackeray, sources said, cannot afford any rebel activities at this stage.
however, a section within the sena admits that partys offer of 60 seats to the bjp has exposed the senas non-seriousness in carrying out a pre-poll alliance and also highhandedness to assert its big brother status.
a senior sena (mp) said, ideally, we should have offered bjp 85 to 97 seats.
political experts, however, said that bjps claim for 114 seats based on the 2014 assembly and lok sabha polls was expected, adding that the sena should have engaged in talks in a better was as senas stakes are highest in bmc.
fadnavis has been under attack by opposition parties and the bjps ally shiv sena over sustained protests by farmers across the state for last one week, resulting in sharp rise in agri commodity prices.
fadnavis has been under attack by opposition parties and the bjps ally shiv sena over sustained protests by farmers across the state for last one week, resulting in sharp rise in agri commodity prices.
four farmers ended their lives in maharashtra in the last two days, including one in solapur district who left a note purportedly stating that he should not be cremated till the chief minister visits his place and meets their demands.
dhanaji jadhav, 45, hung himself from a tree near his house at veet village in karmala tehsil last night, solapur collector rajendra bhosale said.
according to the police, jadhavs suicide note, addressed to his friends and relatives, said, i am a farmer, dhanaji chandrakant jadhav.
i am committing suicide today.
please take my body to village and do not cremate me till chief minister devendrafadnavis comes here.
bhosale said the farmers suicide note stated his body should not be cremated until the chief minister visits his place and announces a loan waiver for the farmers.
solapurs guardian minister vijay deshmukh visited the village today.
jadhav, survived by wife and two children, was the eldest son of his parents.
he possessed 2.
5 acres of cultivable land and had a debt of around rs 60,000.
he also took loan from some private lenders, police said.
all the four farmers suicides in the last 48 hours were due to non-payment of loans from banks and private money lenders, the police said.
a 48 year-old farmer, hanumant pandurang shinde, reeling under debt, committed suicide by consuming poison at gondavewadi in pune district, police said.
shinde was found dead in a field today, they said.
shinde had suffered losses and had no money to organise his daughters marriage, the police said.
shinde, who was allegedly depressed, went to his farm and consumed a poisonous substance, police said.
in wardha district, farmer ishwar baliram ingale (55) allegedly committed suicide by hanging from a tree in his farm, the police said.
ingale, a resident of brahmanwadi yesterday went to his farm.
he had told his wife to bring breakfast after two hours, police said, adding when his wife went to the farm, she found him hanging from the tree.
ingale had taken a loan of rs 1.
39 lakh from a nationalised bank and was unable to repay it.
he was worried since the last few months, police said.
in satara district of western maharashtra, a 35-year-old farmer suresh shankar sable ended his life by consuming poison on june 5 in man tehsil, police said.
he had sought a job at a jaggery producing unit at karad in the district as there was no produce in his own farm, police said.
fadnavis has been under attack by opposition parties and the bjps ally shiv sena over sustained protests by farmers across the state for last one week, resulting in sharp rise in agri commodity prices.
the chief ministers recent statement promising a loan waiver by october 31 has failed to pacify the agitating farmers, who have continued with their stir.
rahul shewale rahul shewalestepping up the attack on the bjp on the corruption issue, the shiv sena sunday alleged that the bjp, which headed the bmc improvements committee, had sold many plots to developers close to the party.
bjp has sold many plots in the city to the developers close to it in last many years.
the committee has been headed by the bjp and has been influenced by senior bjp leaders in its functioning, shiv sena mp rahul shewale said while addressing a press conference on the last day of campaigning.
watch what else is in the newshe further alleged chief minister devendrafadnavis had also pressurised civic officials to give a certain plot of bit chawl in south mumbai to a particular developer.
shewale said the bjp was also using the home department to win the elections.
talking about city bjp president ashish shelars claim of winning 114 seats in the bmc polls, shewale said shelar was a match-fixer, which was why he was giving out the number of winning seats beforehand.
it is clear that they have accepted the defeat.
if the bjp does not win 114 seats, will shelar and fadnavis resign from their posts, asked shewale.
he further asked fadnavis to make public names of the people, including a top industrialist whom he met on the night of demonetisation.
the chief minister talks a lot about transparency.
he should now make these details public for the sake of transparency, added shewale.
the bjp refuted the allegations against fadnavis.
the bit chawl issue is pending in high court and civic officials are working on the directions of it.
fadnavis and the government have no role in it.
also, fadnavis doesnt meet anyone at night to hide something.
rather, i challenge them to declare names of contractors whom shewale met, (and) the civic officials and the people who visited matoshree at night, said madhav bhandari, chief spokesperson of bjp.
he said the bjps claim of 114 seats was out of self-confidence.
the sena can also tell the figure if they are confident, added bhandari.
b'the university of mumbai is now offering marathi classes at the tel aviv university in israel.
the classes are aimed at keeping the marathi culture and language alive among bene israelis, a jewish community from the konkan that moved to israel after indias independence.
two professors of the university, with the help of a member from the marathi development organisation, held the first marathi class for 26 israeli students on monday.
the classes will go on for a month.
for those bene israelis who have to work in the mornings, a second batch will begin on july 20.
these classes will be held in the evenings.
watch video: whats making newsthe bene israeli community had been settled in the konkan region for 2,000 years before some of them moved to israel in 1947.
their population in israel has now grown close to 1,00000.
the community members had requested chief minister devendrafadnavis for the course during his visit to the tel aviv university in 2015.
mu vice-chancellor sanjay deshmukh, too, faced a similar demand during his visit, after which the decision to start a course was taken.
no date has been fixed yet for shifting egyptian national eman ahmed to abu dhabis burjeel hospital, with a team of doctors yet to complete its report.
a team from abu dhabi has not finished its report, said bariatric surgeon, saifee hospital, dr mufazzal lakdawala.
he added that eman would not be discharged from saifee hospital, but would be transferred.
we are not discharging her.
the sister wants a transfer because she wants eman to walk, he added.
after a breakdown of communication between emans sister shaimaa selim and the hospital administration last week, each party has traded allegations, culminating in emans impending transfer to the abu dhabi hospital after dropping from 500 kilos to 176 kilos.
with selim accusing the hospital of not treating her sister properly and being unable to ensure that she walks again, bjp spokesperson shania nc stepped in on saturday to defend the hospital.
we are dismayed at the allegations that the family has made.
this successful operation will became a case study for hospitals across the world, she said.
dr lakdawala said he had never promised that eman would be able to walk after losing weight.
shaimaa repents and wishes that she had not made the allegations.
her anger is because of her expectations, not because of our deliverables, he said.
he added that the hospital would continue to take care of eman in spite of the accusations.
as indians and maharashtrians, we have fulfilled our responsibilities, he said.
the hospital on saturday also released a video showing eman speaking to dr samir alghamdi, an advanced laparoscopy specialist who has been working at saifee hospital for the past few months.
when i spoke to her, she nodded that she was okay.
she cries when anyone comes to speak to her.
but she laughs with her sister, he said.
shirley koshy, the nurse in charge for eman claimed that selim had been coaching eman.
earlier, our bond with selim and eman was very good.
we taught eman a few english numbers.
and we also learnt a few words of arabic to communicate better with her, but now, each time we ask eman how she is, she looks at shaimaa first, who tells her how to reply.
the behaviour has changed, she said.
the room in the hospitals annexe building, where eman was first housed, had a camera to monitor her at all times.
selim had also been given her own room.
post the bariatric surgery, eman was shifted to a seventh floor room, which also has a camera.
bjp spokesperson shaina nc said that she would take the doctors treating eman and the nursing staff to meet chief minister devendrafadnavis to lodge a complaint over what she termed were unsubstantiated claims.
we are grateful to the maharashtra government and external affairs ministry for their support, said dr lakdawala.
on thursday, external affairs minister sushma swaraj had called the hospital to inquire about the dispute.
this week, state tourism minister jaykumar rawals office also called to ask the hospital administration whether the dispute could dent medical tourism in the city.
this case is global news.
but we have been getting a number of patients from middle east every day, said the hospitals chief operating officer, huzaifa shehabi.
on an average, the hospital admits eight to ten patients from uae.
on thursday, state health minister deepak sawant also visited eman to inspect her medical records personally.
i saw her progress and reports.
the purpose of weight reduction has been achieved by doctors.
they have done a good job, sawant said.
he also added that selim should not have blamed the indian medical fraternity.
congress supporters threw vegetables as a mark of protest.
express photo.
congress supporters threw vegetables as a mark of protest.
express photo.
the ruling bjp on friday planned an agitation to counter the protest by the congress at phetri, a village adopted by chief minister devendrafadnavis , around 15 km from here.
the congress had announced that it will stage a protest in support of the agitating farmers of the state and a small gathering of congress workers and some local villagers gathered at a pandal in the morning.
the bjp, led by hingna mla samir meghe, had readied another pandal where a large number of party supporters had gathered.
there were slogans and counter-slogans by both sides.
the congress agitation was led by nagpur zilla parishad member kunda raut and the protesters threw vegetables around as a mark of protest.
the congress was outnumbered by the bjp protesters.
as meghe and other bjp supporters marched towards the congress pandal, the police stood between the two groups to prevent trouble.
meghe and his supporters picked up the vegetables thrown by the congress supporters.
later, the congress condemned the bjps attempt to stifle the protest.
they are not allowing the farmers to even stage a protest.
they are behaving in a dictatorial fashion and will have to pay for their deeds in future as all dictatorial regimes have historically not lasted longer.
meghe said: they were staging protests despite the cm announcing a loan waiver.
so, there was no reason for the protest.
thats why we opposed it.
we cleaned up the place since we follow the swachch bharat mission of the modi government.
both sides left the place after about two hours.
the state cabinet on tuesday gave a nod to mukya mantri sashwat krishi sinchan yojana (mmsky) with an objective to achieve double farm production and higher income for farmers.
advertisingthe meeting, chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis , also pushed for more agricultural reforms with emphasise on irrigation, especially targetted towards the small and marginal farmers in backward, drought-prone and naxal belts of the state.
of the total 1.
36 crore farmers in maharashtra, almost 78 per cent come under small and marginal.
while maintaining that the government was committed to infuse higher capital in agriculture and irrigation sectors to double agriculture produce and increase incomes of farmers, fadnavis said, the mmsky will especially focus on drought-prone, backward districts and naxal belts for which higher funds and infrastructure would be provided.
advertisingthe scheme will be implemented in 251 of the total 355 talukas and include all talukas that under the 14 distress districts in vidarbha and marathwada, where farmers suicides are higher.
all the 151 drought-prone talukas are also set to benefit from these agriculture reforms.
besides, gadchiroli, gondia and chandrapur districts, known for naxal activity, will also be covered under the scheme.
the cabinet has sanctioned rs 450 crore for implementation of mmsky in 2019-20.
individual farmers will be provided an incentive of rs75,000 or 50 per cent of the total cost required for layering their farm pond with plastic sheet.
claiming that the state has decided to provide assured and protected agriculture practices in the wake of uncertainties and ordeals of farmers, the cm said: almost 55 per cent of the population in state depends on agriculture for livelihood.
unfortunately, 80 per cent of the 255 lakh hectares agriculture land in state comes under rain shadow area.
which means agriculture is rain dependent.
the uncertain monsoons following climate changes have further compounded the crisis for farmers.
under mmsky, agriculture production will double along with higher income for farmers to enable them better livelihood.
to address the problems in extreme barren land, rain-fed area development programmes will also be launched.
the use of technology and scientific methods will be promoted to ensure minimum investments and higher income in agriculture yield, he said.
while still in opposition, chief minister devendrafadnavis was a vocal opponent of the previous congress-nationalist congress party governments move of omitting details regarding the utilisation of actual irrigation potential from the economic survey report (esr).
advertisingnow in power, the fadnavis government, too, has been skirting the issue, which had rocked the previous regime.
in the esr 2011-12, a mention that the actual irrigation potential in the state had risen from 17.
8 per cent in 2000-01 to just 17.
9 per cent in 2010-11 had resulted in a flashpoint between the congress and the ncp, which eventually saw then deputy chief minister ajit pawar stepping down from his ministerial positions.
the ncp-controlled water resources department had contested the statistic arguing that while counting the irrigation potential and the irrigated area had not accounted for irrigation by water released in wells, rivers, and nullahs in a dams command area.
but the congress-led agriculture department had backed the esrs contention, arguing that indirect benefits to wells and nullahs in a command area could not be regarded as irrigation.
advertisingthe previous regime was forced to issue a white paper.
the bjp, then the principal opposition, was able to leverage the controversy to level allegations of a multi-crore scam in dam construction.
while pawar was later reinducted into the cabinet, he continues to face the allegations.
after coming to power, the bjp government has been backing the ncps contention, and supporting the water resources departments contention over the irrigated area.
but for the fifth consecutive year, it has omitted mentioning details of the gross irrigated area created since 2000-01.
senior state officials admitted that there was a need for conducting a joint survey involving the irrigation, agriculture, and the revenue departments.
on the basis of a report from the chief auditor, water and irrigation, aurangabad, the esr 2018-19 has claimed that the gross irrigated area 39.
50 lakh hectare, which included areas irrigated by wells in the command area.
finance minister sudhir mungantiwar, when asked, said that based on the recommendations of a special inquiry team (appointed by the previous regime to look into the controversy), various committees and sub-committees had been formed to decided the further line of action.
the bjp government has been claiming that there has been a sharp rise in irrigation potential since it won office in 2014.
sunanda on her way to draw water.
(photo by prashant nadkar) sunanda on her way to draw water.
(photo by prashant nadkar)every day, sunanda nitin choudhary (23), a villager from bhandagepada in palghar district, makes 10 to 12 trips to draw water from a well situated on the banks of the dry sakhri river  located at a distance of one kilometre from her house.
half a kilometre from the well, work on a massive elevated concrete bridge is underway.
every monsoon, the river floods, along with it the low-lying bridge that the villagers use to commute.
the result: communication to the outside world snaps and villagers are confined to their houses for three to four months.
with the lok sabha constituency set to witness a bypoll on may 28, the villagers are unanimous on what they want the most from their mp  water.
the bypoll was necessitated due to the death of bjp mp chintaman wanaga in january.
the election has brought to the fore the worsening relations of allies bjp and shiv sena.
months after wanagas death, shiv sena had given its ticket to the late mps son, prompting bjp to cry foul.
while bahujan vikas aghadi (bva), congress and cpi have also fielded candidates, bjp and bva are emerging as main contenders.
across the district, every village has access to stone-structured wells.
but villagers have to climb down and scout for low-lying ones where water is available during the summer.
seventy kilometres from bhadangepada is kundacha pada at jawhar taluka.
kisan kanoji digha, who grows paddy on an acre, said: every two to three days, a tanker comes and fills our well.
but it lasts for only half-an -hour.
we have lived with this problem for decades.
in our locality, the men held a meeting last night.
they said we should all vote for those who will bring development to our village, said sunanda in bhandagepada.
such meetings have been also been held in other tribal hamlets of vikramgad, palghar, jawhar and dahanu.
a former sarpanch of kundacha pada, vishnudev korde, said: irrespective of the diverse political leanings, the demands of the villagers are driven by the gram sabhas, catering to community welfare.
palghar, which was created by bifurcating thane district in 2014, is home to around 30 lakh people  with an almost equal number of urban and rural residents.
the district has an annual budget of rs 500 crore.
after wanagas demise, his wife and two sons joined the shiv sena, just before the bjp was to nominate a candidate.
as uddhav thackeray went on to field wanagas son shrinivas, chief minister devendrafadnavis alleged that the sena chief knew that bjp was considering fielding a family member of wanaga for the bypoll.
to connect with voters, sena is banking on wanagas legacy.
the catchline of its poll posters, which show shrinivas with folded hands and bowed head, reads: a vote for shiv sena is a vote for late chintaman wanaga.
the bjp poster, on the other hand, speaks of senas betrayal.
a vote for bjp is vote for honesty, which is inherent strength of palghar, it reads.
it has fielded rajendra gavit, who had played a significant role in the creation of a separate palghar district.
for the villagers, what matters most is development.
maini devja korda, a tribal woman in palghar, said: we are not bothered about what they are saying.
we want to know what will they do for our village.
will we get work, food and water?
raju wagh, a farmer in vikramgad wondered why sena and bjp were fighting in the name of wanaga.
they should work towards taking his good work forward the bjp was willing to give the ticket to his family.
they should have stayed with bjp, he added.
nobody has seen shrinivas wanagas work till now.
we have all known his fathers good work.
why should children of politicians get ticket?
people would always vote for good work, said sachin more, a young professional in palghar city.
b'maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra government will present a full-fledged budget next year before going to polls in october-november 2019, according to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the budget 2018-19 was the fourth budget of the state government.
while giving his views on the economic state of maharashtra in the wake of a record rs 15,375-crore revenue deficit and a debt of rs 4.
61 lakh crore, the chief minister exuded confidence of restoring fiscal prudence.
at the same time, he emphatically said the overall economy was robust and has to be perceived in terms of ratio of overall plan size of the budget and fiscal deficit.
maharashtra is way ahead of others in financial management.
fadnavis said: if we compare the states budget size of rs 3.
38 lakh crore and the fiscal deficit it is 1.
81 per cent, which is well within the permissible limit of 3.
in fact maharashtra is better in fiscal management compared to many other states.
he added that the same holds true when we compare the ratio of gross state domestic product (gsdp) with debt (rs 4.
61 lakh crore) it is 16.
9 per cent which is within the permissible upper limit of 22 per cent.
the chief minister shared his views on the budget while speaking to the media on friday at vidhan bhawan.
the loan waiver and seventh pay commission can be major factors attributed to the fiscal deficit.
however, an additional 5 lakh tax payers post-gst is a good sign, he noted.
dwelling on the series of reforms which have been undertaken by the government in the last three years, he said, despite 84 per cent deficient rainfall, the food grain production was remarkable which is an indicator that flagship projects like the jalyukta shivar, farm ponds on demand and wells for irrigation have yielded positive results.
the higher capital investments in the agriculture sector has worked in the interest of farmers and people in state, he added.
the food production of 1.
30 lakh metric tonnes, despite 84 per cent rainfall when compared to last year record production of 1.
70 lakh metric tonnes when rainfall was 96 per cent, gives a shortfall of 40 lakh metric tonnes.
yet, 1.
30 lakh metric tonnes of food production is almost on a par with the highest production in the state recorded in last 15 years when the rainfall was 125 per cent, he said.
b'the dominant castes want to be counted as other backward classes (obc) to benefit from job reservation.
illustrations: c r sasikumar the dominant castes want to be counted as other backward classes (obc) to benefit from job reservation.
illustrations: c r sasikumarthe jats demonstrations for their inclusion on the list of the obc castes in haryana are echoing others  including the patels agitation, which resulted in reportedly 10 deaths in august last year, a toll similar to the present one in haryana where 16 people have died so far.
and still other groups are asking for a backward status that would allow them to have a greater access to job quotas.
the gujjars in rajasthan, the kapus in andhra pradesh as well as the marathas in maharashtra are similarly mobilised.
so far, they all have been denied reservations because of their dominant character.
m.n. srinivas, the pioneer of indian anthropology in the 1950s, defined the dominant castes as those that are demographically important and own a lot of land.
the jats, marathas and patels are certainly dominant, but their mobilisation tells us something about structural problems in the indian economy.
these dominant castes do not see their future in agriculture because of the attraction exerted by the city and because of the crisis in village india.
the 2014-15 economic survey showed that the wages of rural india were increasing at 3.
6 per cent only (when the inflation rate was above 5 per cent), against 20 per cent in 2011.
those who had land next to big cities could sell it to developers and even became rentiers sometimes.
but most of the migrants who left their village to try their luck in the city are disappointed by the job market.
in contrast to the middle class inhabiting urban centres for generations, they have not received the kind of english-medium education that gives access to the services, the sector (especially in it) offering opportunities.
while they have sometimes run heavy debts to get some private, not-so-good education, they have to fall back on unskilled jobs.
these jobs are precarious and badly paid.
in the private sector, the average daily earnings of the workers was rs 249 in 2011-12, according to the labour bureau, and those of the employees at large, rs 388.
by contrast, in the public sector, the figures were respectively almost three times more at rs 679 and rs 945.
recently, the seventh pay commission recommended an increase of the minimum monthly salary from rs 7,000 to rs 18,000.
understandably, the young jats, patels, kapus and marathas who do not find good jobs in the private sector fall back on the government.
the search for government jobs among these castes is also influenced by their particularly skewed sex ratio.
parents of girls prefer grooms with stable income  those with government jobs are often their preferred choice.
with fewer girls compared to boys in these castes, there is competition in the marriage market.
however, there are fewer government jobs these days.
there were 19.
5 million jobs in the public sector in 1992-93 when indias population was 839 million.
while there are 1.
2 billion indians now, the number of jobs in the public sector has shrunk to 17.
6 million.
in states that have aggressively implemented the liberalisation policy, government jobs have almost disappeared.
for instance, the governments share in employment in gujarat is only 1.
18 per cent whereas it is 16 per cent in kerala.
the dominant castes want to be counted as other backward classes (obc) to benefit from job reservation.
but governments are wary to accede to the demand since the decision may alienate those already in the obc list.
the existing obc castes, no less politically influential, fear that the dominant castes may corner the quotas if included in the list since the latter are richer and better educated.
moreover, the judiciary will probably not allow quotas to exceed the 49 per cent limit imposed by the supreme court on reservation.
some chief ministers pretend they can influence the judiciary.
for instance, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis has referred the marathass demand for reservation to the supreme court.
some others claim that caste should not be the only criterion for positive discrimination.
rajasthan cm vasundhara raje passed two legislations in september 2015, the rajasthan economically backward classes (reservation of seats in educational institutions in the state and of appointments and posts in services under the state) bill, 2015, and the rajasthan special backward classes (reservation of seats in educational institutions in the state and of appointments and posts in services under the state) bill, 2015, with this intent.
the main beneficiary of the second bill will be the gujjars.
neither of laws will be validated by the supreme court probably because they push the quota to 68 per cent, beyond the acceptable level.
but legislating such bills sends signals to the dominant castes that the bjp is trying to reframe the reservation policy and reform it.
the bjp government of haryana may well follow the same strategy since it has decided to bring a bill to grant obc status to jats in the next session of the state assembly.
the end game, may well be to revisit the reservation system.
patels, jats and marathas will be the winners if quotas are not based on the criterion of caste but arthik adhar par [on economic basis] as the sangh parivar used to say in the post-mandal era.
however, such a reform of the quota system can only help the dominant castes if more jobs are created in the public sector  not in line with the bjp minimum government motto.
surprisingly, the government is not thinking about the most obvious way out: better wages in the private sector.
three months ago, the ministry of labour & employment has announced an amendment to the minimum wages act, 1948 that would set the legally binding national minimum wage across the board.
but the minimum wage so envisaged was only rs 273 a day (against rs. 160 since july, 2015) or rs. 7,100 a month.
in the maruti suzuki plants of gurgaon and manesar  places the jats know well  the strike started in 2012 partly because workers got rs 6,000 a month on an average, and that was definitely not enough (so much so that after months of negotiations, maruti suzuki has increased the wages of its employees by rs 16,800 as an average).
the budget session of the indian parliament may be the right time to debate the figures suggested in the amendment mentioned above  except that the government may not feel like displeasing india inc. and those who are now supposed to make in india because of the rise in labour costs in china.
david malpass, us president donald trumps nominee to lead the world bank, won unanimous approval from the institutions executive board on friday, continuing the 73-year tradition of an american running the worlds largest development lender.
advertisingthe bank said that malpass, the u.s. treasurys undersecretary for international affairs, will start his new role on tuesday as the world bank and international monetary fund spring meetings get underway.
malpass, a former bear stearns and co chief economist who advised trumps 2016 election campaign, was the sole candidate.
previous world bank president jim yong kim, who left in january to join a private infrastructure fund, faced two challengers, from nigeria and colombia, in 2012 when he was first selected.
this time around, bank board members had said there was little appetite for a challenge to a u.s. candidate from developed economies such as europe and japan, and from larger emerging markets such as china and brazil.
advertisingin a phone interview with reuters, malpass said he would uphold the banks commitment to reducing poverty in the poorest countries and to fight climate change, and pursue goals stated in a $13 billion capital increase last year.
in an email to world bank employees, malpass emphasized the need to fight extreme poverty and foster broad based growth for each and every borrower, and a stronger, more stable global economy for all.
since taking his job at the treasury in 2017, malpass had been critical of the world banks continued lending to china, arguing that the worlds second-largest economy was too wealthy for such aid while it was loading up some countries with unsustainable debt from its belt and road infrastructure program.
those comments and malpass role in u.s.-china trade negotiations caused some concern in the development community that he might try to use the banks influence to put pressure on china.
but malpass told reuters that he foresees an evolution of the banks relationship with china toward one which recognizes china as the worlds second-biggest economy and an important factor in global development.
i expect there to be a strong relationship collaboration with china.
we have a shared mission of poverty alleviation and reduction.
malpass said he did not participate in this weeks us-china trade talks and is winding down his role at the treasury.
he said he intends to make his first trip as world bank president in late april to africa.
world bank chief executive officer devendrafadnavis will attend chinas second belt and road forum on april 26-27, not malpass.
sharpening its attack on the shiv sena in run-up to polls, the bjp has been accusing the uddhav thackeray-led party ofindulging in corruption in the civic body.
(file/reuters) sharpening its attack on the shiv sena in run-up to polls, the bjp has been accusing the uddhav thackeray-led party ofindulging in corruption in the civic body.
(file/reuters)even as bjp is playing hardball with shiv sena by setting transparency as the main condition for tie-up for bmc polls, the congress today sought to drive a wedge, saying sena is in such a pitiable condition that it has allowed itself to be labelled as corrupt by the ruling party.
the congress dig came a day after the ruling alliesbjp and senaresumed their seat-sharing talks for the february 21 elections to the 227-ward brihanmumbai municipal corporation.
watch what else is making newssena has been a major alliance partner in the countrys richest civic body, which it has been ruling with the bjp for over 22 years.
does sena-bjp think that people are fools?
congress spokesman sachin sawant asked while talking to pti.
sharpening its attack on the sena in run-up to polls, the bjp has been accusing the uddhav thackeray-led party ofindulging in corruption in the civic body.
bjp mp kirit somaiya had even insinuated that top sena leadership was associated with a mafia raaj in the municipal corporation.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has demanded transparent administration as the agenda for alliance and virtually admitted that there was no transparency in the civic body for the last two decades.
now, the bjp is holding alliance talks with the same party it calls corrupt.
there can be no shameful approach than this, sawant said.
he said sena is in a pitiable position as it is allowing itself to be called corrupt.
it is in such a poor state that the party (sena) has to hold the alliance talks with the bjp.
people will show them their place in the elections, the congress leader said.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday has announced a high-level inquiry into the wall collapse tragedy at malads pimpripada, which has so far claimed 21 lives including seven children and injured another 75.
the announcement came after allegations of irregularities in an ongoing slum redevelopment project were levelled.
advertisingwith overnight rains paralysing normal life in mumbai, deputy speaker vijay auti allowed the opposition to move an adjournment motion over it.
nationalist congress partys chhagan bhujbal, a former deputy chief minister, had raised the allegation during the discussion while targeting the shiv sena-led mumbai municipality and the government for the citys flooding crisis.
follow mumbai rains live updates herethe indian meteorological department (imd) has further forecast heavy to very heavy rainfall in the next 24 hours in parts of vidarbha and marathwada.
instructions have been issued to the local administration to be alert and exercise all necessary precautions.
fadnavis, in his reply, said that he was deeply anguished by the loss of lives in the (malad) tragedy.
while announcing financial assistance of rs 5 lakh to the families of those who had lost their lives, the cm informed that had directed the mumbai municipality to extend additional assistance of another rs 5 lakh from its corpus to the bereaved families.
the government will bear medical expenses of all those injured.
the government and municipality will bear the responsibility of rehabilitation of those who lost their homes, he said.
fadnavis also announced assistance to those who have lost lives in rain-related incidents in kalyan and pune.
advertisingunprecedented rain event, says cmcountering the oppositions charge that the downpour had exposed the lack of preparedness of civic agencies, the cm said, the city saw an unprecedented rain event yesterday (monday) night.
within four to five hours, parts of the city had received 375-400 mm of rain.
when you look at the historical data, this is the second highest 24-hour rainfall (in the suburbs) in 40 years.
the current carrying (holding) capacity of mumbais stormwater drains is to handle about 150 mm water in 24 hours.
but on days when it rains more than that, the system is burdened.
fadnavis, who had visited the disaster management cell in the morning, claimed that the rainwater had receded faster than before in chronic waterlogging areas.
whenever heavy rains are accompanied by high tide, water levels rise in some areas, he said.
delay in flood mitigation projectsfadnavis admitted to the delays in implementation of the brihanmumbai storm water drainage (brimstowad) project, which was taken up after the 2005 deluge for enhancing the holding capacity of stormwater drains.
a fact-finding committee formed after the deluge had recommended setting up of seven pumping stations to pump out excess rainwater.
five among these are functional.
they have led to some relief.
but the setting up of the remaining two stations (mahul and mogra) have been delayed over land acquisition and environment permissions.
weve recently invoked the disaster management act to forcibly acquire lands (from the salt commissioner) for the two new stations.
work is expected to begin soon.
once they are commissioned, mumbai will get major relief.
until then, well need to take extra caution in vulnerable areas, said fadnavis.
amid criticism from various quarters, fadnavis rallied behind official agencies.
the mumbai police monitored around 1600 sos tweets and responded promptly to them.
similarly, the bmc disaster cell received 1000 calls, which were immediately attended to.
the disaster response teams toiled through the night.
thousands of aspirants for the maharashtra public service commission (mpsc) exams took to the streets of pune on thursday, to participate in a silent march and press for various demands.
organisers of the march said the response they received in pune was unprecedented.
lakhs of students are studying for competitive exams in the city.
we had campaigned extensively via social media,  said rahul kawthekar, one of the organisers.
among the students demands are increasing the number of advertised vacancies for government jobs and handing over the investigation into the dummy candidate racket to the cbi.
the march started from shaniwarwada at 10.
30 am and continued till the district collectors office, where a delegation of students submitted their list of demands to resident deputy collector rajendra muthe.
asked about the future course of action, kawthekar said,  if our demands are not taken into consideration, we will plan a joint agitation during the next assembly session in mumbai, in coordination with various district committees that we have formed.
our silent march was totally apolitical all of us, aspirants for competitive exams, had made efforts to make it successful.
we have not approached any political leader or political party.
but if a leader or a party extends support to our cause, we will welcome that support, said rajesh more, another organiser.
the students have received support from dhananjay munde, leader of opposition in the maharashtra legislative council, who said the demands put forward by them were legitimate.
he also questioned chief minister devendrafadnavis about the lack of government jobs and fewer vacant seats this year.
in a post on twitter, munde said, it is unfortunate that students preparing to enter the administration are themselves on the streets, agitating against the government for jobs.
the marches are scheduled to be held in 15 districts, and in several cities like baramati, kolhapur, ahmednagar, nanded and latur.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file)chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday said that all redevelopment projects must come under the ambit of maharashtra real estate regulatory authority (maharera), which completed one year on tuesday.
fadnavis said a discussion needs to be initiated on how to bring both the saleable and rehabilitation component of redevelopment projects under maharera.
we will discuss how to bring the rehabilitation component of redevelopment projects under the ambit of rera so that people being rehabilitated dont face any delays and problems.
we urge maharera chairperson gautam chatterjee to contribute to the discussion and frame the laws, the chief minister said.
with mumbais develop-ment plan 2034 in place, many more projects will kick off.
as floodgates open, maharera has to be equipped to handle the new projects, fadnavis said.
the dp 2034 promises 10 lakh affordable houses and it will fall upon the maharera and the developer community to ensure that the houses are truly affordable for people in the city, said the cm.
chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday inaugurated the administrative building of force one, maharashtras specialised security force formed on the lines of the national security guard (nsg).
the administrative building encompasses an area of 26,320 sq mts complete with an 80-room hostel facility.
the total expenditure for the building was rs 85 crore.
minister of state for housing ravindra waikar, additional chief secretary home k p bakshi and director general of police satish mathur attended the function.
the sena and bjp have been governing the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) together since 1997 with the sena playing the lead role.
but the sena grip has loosened  its seat count fell from 103 in 1997 to 75 in 2012.
the sena and bjp have been governing the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) together since 1997 with the sena playing the lead role.
but the sena grip has loosened  its seat count fell from 103 in 1997 to 75 in 2012.
accusing the bjp of backstabbing his party and declaring that he was not going to go with a begging bowl to anyone, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray announced thursday that he was calling off the sena alliance with the bjp.
he said his party would contest elections to urban bodies in mumbai and elsewhere in maharashtra on its own.
thackeray did not, however, comment on senas continuance in the bjp-led government in the state.
the sena has been targeting the bjp in the state and at the centre, its attacks more pronounced after the demonetisation announcement.
on twitter, he wrote: power aint our ultimate goal but a medium of devpt.
well take along those who come with us & leave aside who dont.
transformatn is inevitable!
addressing party workers in mumbai, thackeray said: we lost 25 years.
i am announcing a new path for the sena.
henceforth, i am not going to go with a begging bowl to anyone.
from now on, everything that is there will belong only to my sainik, the saffron flag and bal thackeray.
today, i announce that the sena will not have an alliance with anyone for the upcoming elections.
the sena and bjp have been governing the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) together since 1997 with the sena playing the lead role.
but the sena grip has loosened  its seat count fell from 103 in 1997 to 75 in 2012.
the bjp, which believes it has gained ground in maharashtra, especially after the 2014 assembly elections, wanted to field 114 party candidates for the 227 bmc seats.
but the sena wanted the bjp to contest only 60 seats.
there was speculation earlier that talks between thackeray and fadnavis would resolve the crisis.
but thackeray said the bjp did not seem interested in the alliance and he never received a call from any senior leader.
he said the sena put up with the alliance for the sake of hindutva and the belief that hindu votes should not get divided.
he accused the bjp of backstabbing its ally.
the posts of the pm and cm are with you.
we have never hankered for power.
did we ever ask for the post of the deputy cm or lucrative ministries?
but you (bjp) have taken it further, deciding to attack us in our own home.
i am not the one to take this lying down.
today, i set you free, he said.
thackeray also claimed that the bjp was staring at defeat in uttar pradesh.
the one who removed the picture of gandhi is now being forced to say hey ram in up.
they know they are losing in that state, so they have started taking the name of ram and ram janmabhoomi, he said.
heavy rain continued to lash parts of maharashtra tuesday, leading to at least 31 deaths in mumbai and surrounding areas, including 25 in two separate incidents of walls collapsing in kurar and kalyan.
in pune, six people were killed in a wall collapse  the second such incident in the city in four days.
advertisingofficials said at least 22 people were killed in kurars pimpripada area, on the fringes of the sanjay gandhi national park, when a wall collapsed on hutments early in the morning.
many others are feared trapped in the debris.
in kalyan, three people died after a wall collapsed.
according to the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), a 45-year-old man died after a compound wall fell on him around overnight at the falguni co-operative housing society in mulund.
in another incident, two men, irfan khan (38) and gulshad shaikh (37), died after drowning in their locked car in the flooded malad subway.
officials said a 22-year-old man was electrocuted in vile parle west.
in palghar, two men drowned in a surge of river water.
follow | mumbai rains live updatesadvertisingaccording to figures logged by the india meteorological department (imd), mumbais suburbs received the third-highest rainfall recorded in a single day.
the imds santacruz station logged average rainfall in the suburbs for a 24-hour period ending 8.
30 am tuesday at 375.
2 mm.
the highest ever 24-hour rainfall for the suburbs was recorded on july 26, 2005 (944 mm), and on june 10, 1991 (399 mm).
in kurla, the bmc requested the navy to help in assisting stranded residents.
the team from ins tanaji encountered extreme waterlogging and abandoned vehicles, preventing their own vehicles from reaching the site.
the team moved on foot, carrying safety gear including lifebuoys and lifejackets, and was able to help elderly women and children to safer areas, said a statement from the ministry of defence.
read | mumbai rains: 114 injured, 78 undergo treatment in 5 hospitalsofficials said about 1,000 people were shifted to safety with the help of the national disaster response force, the mumbai fire brigade, naval teams and local volunteers, said officials.
the rains also disrupted air, rail and road transport services.
in all, 55 flights, including 26 international flights, to mumbai were diverted overnight.
twenty-four domestic and four international departures were cancelled.
eighteen domestic flights and four international incoming flights were cancelled, too.
read | malad wall collapse: cm orders inquiry, orders removal of encroachmentat least 152 best buses reported breakdowns while 58 were stranded in flood waters.
among the trains delayed was the nagpur-mumbai duronto, while services on all the three suburban lines were hit.
while schools and colleges were declared shut earlier in the day, the state government declared a full public holiday later.
chief minister devendrafadnavis and the bmc tweeted requests to citizens to stay indoors considering the situation outside and the forecast for more rains through the day.
municipal commissioner praveen pardeshi said, we urge people not to step out there is heavy rainfall predicted for today and tomorrow.
read | mumbai rains: cops bear brunt too as rainwater enters police stations; photos, videos go viral onlinefollowing the wall collapse in kurar, at least 75 survivors were admitted to the jogeshwari trauma centre hospital and to kandivalis shatabdi hospital.
chief fire officer prabhat rahangdale told the indian express that a total count of casualties would be possible only at the end of the search-and-rescue operations.
at least one woman and her child were located under a beam, said officials.
however, the child was later declared dead.
additional municipal commissioner ashwini joshi said, we will conduct an inquiry in the incident and after that action can be planned against the guilty.
in pune, six people were killed and three injured after a retaining-cum-compound wall of an educational institute in ambegaon budruk collapsed late monday night, burying the makeshift huts of construction workers on the adjacent plot.
officials said most of the deceased were migrant workers from chhattisgarh and madhya pradesh.
they were staying in tin sheds alongside the wall of sou venutai chavan polytechnic college on the southern periphery of the city, which had experienced continuous rainfall since monday evening.
the nearest rainfall monitoring station at khadakvasla recorded 55 mm of rainfall in the 24 hours between the morning of july 1 and 2, the highest for this season at that station.
district collector naval kishore ram said the accident could be a result of man-made mistakes.
basic rules were not followed in the construction of the retaining wall.
also, labour camps should not have been constructed along the wall, he said.
on saturday, 15 people, including four children, had died in similar circumstances in kondhwa.
the bjp government in maharashtra has decided to use the ordinance route to reverse a supreme court judgment, barring the state from implementing the maratha quota for admissions to postgraduate medical courses this year.
advertisingon thursday, the state government received the election commission of indias (ec) permission for promulgating the ordinance while the model code of conduct for the lok sabha elections is still in place.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has called a special meeting of his cabinet on friday when this ordinance is expected to be approved, said sources.
following statewide protests by marathas, the fadnavis government had on november 30, 2018, cleared a 16 per cent quota for the community in education and government jobs, identifying them as socially and economically backward class.
on march 8, 2019, the government had issued a notification for the implementation of the reservation in educational institutions.
the first issue came up with postgraduate medical examinations.
on may 2, the nagpur bench of the bombay high court, while hearing a petition, had disallowed the quota for admissions for postgraduate medical courses on the grounds that the reservation cannot be applicable with retrospective effect.
admission process for postgraduate medical courses had already begun before the maratha quota was cleared, the court had argued.
advertisingthe government went on to approach the sc against the hc order.
the sc, on may 9, upheld the hc verdict, slamming the government for messing up the admission process.
with state polls just five months away, the verdict could have potentially triggered another maratha reservation agitation in the state.
while the court had earlier directed the state to complete the college admission process before may 25, the state has approached the court for extending this timeline till may 31, said sources.
b'aap alleged that the agricultural produce market was riddled with corruption.
aap alleged that the agricultural produce market was riddled with corruption.
aam aadmi party (aap) on wednesday alleged a rs 525-crore scam in jalna agricultural produce market committee (apmc) under the chairmanship of maharashtra minister arjun khotkar, who rejected the charge.
addressing a press conference here, aap national spokesperson preeti sharma menon accused the shiv sena leader of looting jalna apmc and treating it like his fiefdom.
as chairman of the apmc since the last nine years, khotkar ran the committee like his private empire and made huge profits illegally, she said and demanded his ouster from the council of ministers, where he was inducted last month.
menon alleged there was a scam of rs 525 crore in the apmc, where galas (shops) were sold, leased and sub-leased illegally.
she said galas were sold with inflated price and alleged nepotism in their ownership.
out of 1,500 galas, 250 are illegally owned by khotkars 40 relatives and his business partners in the two markets of apmc.
the real value of the galas comes to around rs 600 crore, but only rs 75 crore went to the apmc and therest rs 525 crore was pocketed by khotkar and his cronies, the aap leader said.
menon said figures and information provided by her were based on replies received from authorities concerned in response to rti applications filed by her.
showing a few purported sting operations to the media persons, she claimed the entire apmc market, where farm commodities were sold by traders, was riddled with corruption.
she said, flouting all rules, the galas are used to stock and sell non-agricultural items like steel, pipes, furniture, automobiles, textiles.
the apmc market in purana monda area, which is called arjun khotkar business centre (akbc), boasts of a string of textile showrooms, the aap leader said.
besides the financial scam, apmc also violated audit norms, she said.
watch video: whats making newsannual audit reports are replete with remarks about malpractices and misappropriations but no corrective action has been taken, menon said.
the aap spokesperson asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to sack khotkar and said she will file a case against him with anti-corruption bureau and also write to the chief justice of india.
khotkar, a four-time sena mla from jalna in north maharashtra, termed the allegations as completely baseless and politically motivated, and said rules and regulations were strictly followed while carrying out business of the apmc.
the minister of state for textile, animal husbandry,dairy development and fisheries claimed menons allegations were based on incomplete information and said he will address a press meet tomorrow and reply to her charges.
in the latest health scare for nitin gadkari, the union minister was on thursday forced to sit down at a public event at solapur in maharashtra after feeling dizzy, his aide said.
the aide said doctors have attributed the spell of dizziness to a strong dose of antibiotics the minister took on wednesday for a throat infection.
advertisinglater, after arriving in his hometown nagpur, the 62-year-old bjp leader said he is fine.
gadkari felt dizzy while the national anthem was being played at the event, held at the punyashlok ahilyadevi holkar solapur university, the aide said.
gadkari was the guest of honour at the function.
even as gadkari was standing for the national anthem, he leaned towards his left a bit and sat down with the support of his security guards who were standing behind him, as per the video footage of the function.
advertisinggadkaris aide told pti that the minister felt uneasy and was later checked by a medical officer in solapur.
he was already feeling warm and felt uneasy due to the reaction of antibiotics he had taken.
after the check-up, the doctor confirmed that his blood pressure and blood sugar level were normal, the aide said.
he had some throat infection and he took a rather strong dose of antibiotics on wednesday evening.
the doctors told us that todays dizziness was caused by the dose, he said.
doctors have asked us not to worry about his health.
he will continue his tour, he said.
later in the evening, gadkari arrived at his residence in nagpur.
gadkari landed at the nagpur airport at 6.
45 pm.
defence minister rajnath singh, who was returning from amravati after attending a rally organised as part of chief minister devendrafadnavis `maha janadesh yatra met gadkari at the airport.
after coming out of the airport, gadkari told waiting media persons that he is fine.
this is not the first time the veteran bjp leader has fainted on stage during public events.
there have been a couple of incidents in the last several months where he fainted at public events, apparently due to low sugar levels.
in december last year, gadkari had fainted during an event in ahmednagar.
he was about to fall down when maharashtra governor c vidyasagar rao supported him, following which gadkari was taken to hospital.
that incident happened during a convocation ceremony at the mahatma phule agricultural university in rahuri.
the union minister had addressed the gathering before the incident.
a few moments later, when the national anthem was being played, he fainted while trying to stand up.
in april this year, gadkari fainted on stage while addressing an election rally near the temple town of shirdi in ahmednagar district.
advertisinghe had fainted while walking towards his seat on the dais during the rally held at rahata for shiv sena candidate sadashiv lokhande.
the chief minister informed the assembly that the state government cannot waive off the loans of farmers.
he should apologise for giving false assurances to the farmers before polls and thereby deceiving them, the sena said in an editorial in party mouthpiece saamana.
you (the bjp) should not forget that you came to power by promising that you will not let any farmer suicide take place in the state, it said.
it further said that the chief minister should meet the families of farmers who have committed suicide and seek forgiveness for the governments inability to save their lives.
the sena also expressed surprise over fadnavis asking the opposition members in the assembly to give a guarantee that farmers wont commit suicide if the government waived off their loans.
the sena said that prime minister narendra modi had promised several things as an after effect of demonetisation, but none of them fructified.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)buoyed by the victories in recent local polls, the maharashtra bjp has decided to push transparency as its core agenda to further its 2019 prospects in the state.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has urged the party workers to campaign for transparent politics and initiate a cashless transaction drive across the state with an aim to bring about greater electoral reforms and make it compulsory for cheque payments for party funds.
the message to the cadres in all 90,000 booths across maharashtra was to work towards rebuilding the organisation on four critical factors  capacity, character,credibility and commitment  which fadnavis spoke about in the recently-held state bjp conclave.
although the elections in the state are scheduled in 2019, the bjp reckons that 25 of the 48 lok sabha seats and 165 assembly segments of the total 288 in the state might pose a challenge for the party.
in an attempt to bring greater coordination within the government and the party, fadnavis has constituted a team of top party leaders and senior cabinet ministers who would regularly hold deliberations on crucial policy matters.
a political manager in the bjp said: today, we are working to consolidate our gains made in the recently-heldstate municipal council, corporation and zilla parishad elections.
he added: the weak opposition provides us with a golden opportunity to spread the organisational work using the fadnavis image in both rural and urban parts of the state.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
pti photo maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
pti photomaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday asserted that there is no threat to his government and it will complete its full term, a comment which came on a day when shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray said that its ties with bjp in the state are on a notice period.
watch what else is in the newsthere is no danger at all to my government for (the) five years (term), the cm said here replying to a query at a press conference at the city bjp office, where he released the partys manifesto for the february 21 bmc polls.
this manifesto is an extension of modijis vision, he said.
fadnavis also challenged the bickering ally in the state government, to tackle him first, before speaking about prime minister modi holding a rally in mumbai, ahead of bmc polls.
(tackling) pm is a distant thing.
first (let sena) tackle me, fadnavis said responding to a question.
taking a dig at modi for giving false assurances, uddhav had monday said he was waiting for the pms rally to be held in the city ahead of the bmc polls.
i want to see narendra modi coming to mumbai and campaign for bmc polls.
i want to see senas win after his rally here, thackeray had said at a rally.
on the meeting between patidar agitation leader hardik patel and uddhav in mumbai, fadnavis said, look, whom one has to invite, after the ground slips from beneath their (sena) feet.
the manifesto, printed on a stamp paper-like document, promises to keep water tax rates stable, and also no levy of street tax on pothole-ridden roads.
roads will be washed with water, it says.
mumbai bjp president ashish shelar said the manifesto has been prepared after incorporating the expectations of common man in the city.
earlier, giving indications that the sena is ready to pull out of the maharashtra government, in which it is a partner of the bjp, uddhav said the government is on a notice period as on now.
like the code of conduct is for a certain period, the government too is on a notice period and when the period ends will be known by all soon, he said.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
pti photo maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
pti photomaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said transparent administration in brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) will be the base for alliance with shiv sena for the next months civic election.
more than seat sharing, our agenda should be transparent administration in the civic body.
mumbais civic body should not be seen as a milking cow and fund raiser for political parties, he said at an interactive session in suburban vile parle.
watch what else is making news:responding to questions, the chief minister said he does not want to point fingers at the present civic administration but the loopholes need to be plugged.
irregularities have been found in road contract scam, garbage proposals, recruitment process.
peoples money should be used judiciously, he said.
bjp and shiv sena are two different political entities and hindutva is the ideology which binds us.
our alliance was for a larger goal and hindutva is one of them, said the chief minister.
transparent administration in bmc will be the base for alliance with shiv sena for the civic election, he said.
instead of discussing the number of seats to be contested, alliance talks should focus on ensuring transparent civic administration, fadnavis added.
any political party will wish to have a government of its own.
issue of alliance comes when you have to respect the peoples mandate, he said.
fadnavis downplayed the constant friction between the two allies.
small issues are blown out of proportion, he said.
about his singing abilities, fadnavis said he remembers all songs but not in sur and taal.
against the backdrop of the upcoming elections, hum honge kamyab is the song i remember now, he said.
to a question whether hum includes the alliance partner as well, fadnavis said time will decide this.
b'the sena and bjp have been governing the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) together since 1997 with the sena playing the lead role.
but the sena grip has loosened  its seat count fell from 103 in 1997 to 75 in 2012.
the sena and bjp have been governing the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) together since 1997 with the sena playing the lead role.
but the sena grip has loosened  its seat count fell from 103 in 1997 to 75 in 2012.
the association had been on the edge for nearly a year and was awaiting a decisive blow which came in the form of a bitter fallout on seat-sharing for the upcoming mumbai civic polls.
the maharashtra chief minister tweeted out in strong words: power aint our ultimate goal but a medium of devpt.
well take along those who come with us & leave aside who dont.
transformatn is inevitable!
shiv sena and bjp had ruled the maximum citys bmc since 1997 with shiv sena always the big brother in the partnership.
over time, bjps strength in the state increased and after a major victory in 2014 elections.
it is believed that the bjp wanted to fight on 114 seats for the 227 bmc seats up for grabs  just over 50 per cent seat share but the sena only wanted to concede 60.
it was being observed by many in the bjp circles that the sena was undermining fadnavis and trying to establish its hold in mumbai and in the state.
it was only a question of when they would break up.
the split was all but inevitable.
it was being said that the sena would wait for an appropriate moment to catch bjp off guard and initiate the split.
last year, sena had raised objection to the performance of pakistani ghazal singer ghulam ali which was organised for a commemoration ceremony in mumbai for the legendary indian ghazal maestro jagjit singh.
despite fadnavis assuring full security cover for the event to take place, sena stepped in and blocked the event.
organisers backed out at the last minute after a meeting with uddhav.
the incident of smearing of ink on bjp leader lk advanis aide sudheendra kulkarnis face was another straw that deepened the wedge between them.
the strife had surfaced in the parties strongly in 2014 after the usually weaker bjp emerged as a stronger force in the elections.
sena then supported the government from outside but wasnt satisfied with the lack of any meaty portfolios.
not to forget the fact that the sena would not forget prime minister narendra modis comments calling sena an extortionist party (hafta party).
bickering had followed regularly after 2014.
the party has targeted the bjp regularly in editorials in saamna, senas mouthpiece.
sena is more of a local player compared to the bjp at the moment and that would be a big reason for the bjp to end the alliance.
members of shetkari sanghatana met chief minister devendrafadnavis and demanded access to technology in a memorandum, highlighting the high cost of labour which makes the adoption of the unauthorised htbt hybrid more profitable for the farmer.
advertisingthe sanghatana has embarked on a satyagraha to press for their demand.
in the cotton zone of vidarbha, the farmers organisation has been asking for ht (herbicide tolerant) bt (bacillus thuringiensis) cotton as it is helped control labour cost.
this june, the farmers body had undertaken a satyagraha for mass plantation of this variant.
the cotton hybrid is obtained by introducing genes cry1ab and cry1ac from the soil bacterium bt, aimed at making the crop immune to the attack of pink bollworm.
the addition of another alien gene cp4 esps from another soil bacterium agrobacterium tumefaciens allows the crop to develop a protein which protects itself from the application of popular herbicide glyphosate.
in the first generation or bt cotton, the application of glyphosate results in destruction of both the crop as well as the weed as the chemical is unable to distinguish between the two.
advertisinghtbt cotton, however, allows farmers to apply this herbicide and thus reduces the cost of weeding.
on an average, farmers spend rs 10,000 to rs 15,000 in the entire 180-day life cycle of the crop.
the cost of weeding is more than halved in case of htbt cotton, which has led to farmers undertaking plantation of the crop although this variant is not authorised.
the genetic engineering appraisal committee (geac) is yet to authorise the release of this variant as in 2016, bayer monsanto had withdrawn its application submitted before the committee in 2013.
while it still remains unauthorised, farmers have continued to plant the variant relying on smuggled seeds.
it is estimated that around 40 to 45 per cent of the states 40 lakh hectares of cotton fields have gone under this unauthorised variant.
laxmikant kauthakar, spokesperson of the sanghtana, said their memorandum had pointed out how farmers did not want to flout laws but economic distress was pushing them to do so.
prime minister narendra modi has talked about doubling farmers income and this technology can allow us to double our income, he pointed out.
fadnavis leads a high-level national committee formed to study problems of agriculture.
kauthakar has planted the variant on his field as well.
the crop condition, he said, was excellent and many farmers had come to visit his field.
this year, due to good rain, the growth of the crop as well as the weeds is lush and thus the cost of weeding has doubled, he said.
farmers who had gone in for htbt, he said, were able to address the problem better.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(express archive) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(express archive)the monsoon session of maharashtra legislature beginning monday, is likely to see opposition congress and the nationalist congress party (ncp) training guns on tainted ministers in the devendrafadnavis cabinet.
the session comes in the backdrop of resignation by then revenue minister eknath khadse after a string of allegations against him, including one regarding illegal purchase of midc land in pune.
watch video: whats making newsthe bjp-led government will miss khadses presence in legislative council, as being leader of the house in council then, khadse managed to keep the opposition in check in the upper house, with his experience, a congress leader said.
the presence of aggressive congress mlc and former chief minister narayan rane in the council, will add to the governments woes in the upper house.
it will also have to deal with leader of opposition in the council, dhananjay munde, who was re-elected to the post recently.
the government will also have to face the opposition onslaught on issues of agrarian crisis, including relief measures during the recent drought in many parts of the state.
senior congress and ncp leaders held a joint meeting recently, where leaders from both parties chalked out a strategy to raise various issues, including that of the tainted ministers, during the three-week long session.
whenever the issue of corruption came up, bjp always took the high moral ground.
so i was surprised when (chief minister) fadnavis inducted corrupt faces in his cabinet.
most of the inducted ministers are facing grave corruption charges.
bjp claims it is a party with a difference.
but the induction of tainted ministers has exposed them, ncp spokesperson nawab malik said.
it will be difficult for the government to explain why was a leader of khadses stature asked to resign merely on the basis of allegations, he added.
leader of opposition in maharashtra assembly radhakrishna vikhe-patil alleged that fadnavis was protecting corrupt ministers.
how will people get justice from these tainted ministers?
he asked.
we have collected corruption-related documents of these recently inducted ministers, a congress leader said.
among the ministers facing charges is jaikumar rawal, who is minister for employment guarantee schemes, tourism and self-employment.
he is facing allegations of submitting fake documents, showing that he had planted pomegranate trees that got damaged in a hailstorm.
he received a compensation of over rs one crore from the maharashtra government for this damage.
another minister on the opposition radar is shiv senas gulabrao patil, minister of state for co-operatives.
patil was recently jailed for a day for allegedly forging documents and copying dead peoples signatures in one of the school trust general body meetings.
he also faces 13 various cases of cheating and threatening government officials.
bjps ravindra chavan, who is minister of state for ports, medical education, information and technology, food and civil supplies, has an atrocity case filed against him.
he was also in the limelight for allegedly equating dalits with pigs.
bjps subhash deshmukh, minister for cooperation, marketing and textiles, faces charges that as director of a sugar factory, took a loan on farmers names without their consent.
farmers were surprised when they received defaulter notices from banks.
a cheating case has been filed against him.
shiv senas arjun khotkar, minister of state for textiles, animal husbandry, dairy development and fisheries, faces allegations of threatening government employees and obstructing their work.
bjps sambhaji patil-nilangekar, minister for labour, earthquake rehabilitation, skill development and ex-servicemen welfare, has been in the news for his association with a company declared as a wilful defaulter by a bank.
opposition has alleged that he is a guarantor to a loan, declared as a fraud account, with an outstanding balance of rs 49.
29 crore owed to two state-owned banks.
union defence minister nirmala sitharaman.
express photo by amit mehra union defence minister nirmala sitharaman.
express photo by amit mehraunion defence minister nirmala sitharaman on friday agreed in principle to permit construction work for the mumbais underground metro rail  the 33.
5 km-long colaba-bandra-seepz line  underneath defence ministry owned lands in colaba and santacruz.
sitharaman, who was in mumbai on friday, okayed the state governments request to permit the right of way for the metro work on defence lands.
a small parcel of a land owned by the navy in colaba, and another small portion owned by the air force in santacruz, fall in the alignment of the metro corridor.
the union minister has directed officials to grant working permissions for public infrastructure and utility projects, chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted later in the day.
apart from mumbai, the union ministry has also agreed to provide easement rights for construction of the pune metro rail.
further, the state government on friday sought sitharamans permission to conduct a mapping of slums encroaching defence lands in mumbai.
sources said that the permission was granted.
the defence authorities, meanwhile, have sought relocation of slums near the defence land in colaba, sources added.
the state government has put together a task force to tackle malnutrition in palghar, eight months after chief minister devendrafadnavis asked several departments to present a combined report on the methods to control malnutrition in the district.
in 2016, the tribal district recorded 557 child deaths, which peaked during july and august, with 66 and 93 deaths, respectively.
the state health department has this year introduced child treatment centre (ctc) in eight primary health centres in jawahar and mokhada that have reported one of the highest malnourishment cases in maharashtra.
the ctc specialises in treating severely acute malnourished children who suffer from infection affected by malnutrition.
we have also identified high-risk villages near 23 sub-centres.
those who migrate outside palghar usually return during this season.
they will be screened and monitored, said dr archana patil, joint director at the directorate of health services.
in jawahar, 476 kids have been identified to have migrated back to palghar to spend the monsoon season there.
state health minister deepak sawant said that routes around critical villages will be mapped to provide 108 emergency ambulance service.
in addition, health workers have been instructed to visit severely acute malnourished children in each village daily to prevent deaths.
the district has 46 primary health centres and 12 sub-district and rural hospitals.
of 223 posts for doctors and administrators, 64 currently remain vacant.
in the report submitted by health department to the state government, the major cause of childrens deaths was analysed to be premature delivery, followed by pneumonia, birth asphyxia and septicemia.
according to doctors, malnutrition affects immunity of a child, making him prone to infections.
the report also lists the responsibilities of women and child development department and tribal, agriculture, and food and civil supplies department to help control malnutrition.
b'chief minister devendrafadnavis held a meeting to review all safety measures planned for the mumbai-pune expressway and to come up with ways to boost safety on the road, following a major mishap that claimed 17 lives and left 43 injured.
express photo/narendra vaskar chief minister devendrafadnavis held a meeting to review all safety measures planned for the mumbai-pune expressway and to come up with ways to boost safety on the road, following a major mishap that claimed 17 lives and left 43 injured.
express photo/narendra vaskarto improve safety on the mumbai-pune expressway, notorious for a high number of accidents, the maharashtra government has decided to set up a delta force of a hundred members to man the high-speed road and watch out for over-speeding and drunk-driving.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday held a meeting to review all safety measures planned for the mumbai-pune expressway and to come up with ways to boost safety on the road, following a major mishap on sunday that claimed 17 lives and left 43 injured.
the delta force will be help the traffic police and regional transport offices to improve vigil on the expressway.
they will be given the status of the police and will also have the rights to take action against persons found to be drunk-driving or over-speeding, an official who attended the meeting with the chief minister said.
besides, fadnavis also instructed officials from the traffic police and highway police to figure out their man management in such a way that there was sufficient staff to monitor the mumbai-pune expressway all 365 days of the year.
the chief minister also decided to revive the intelligent highway monitoring system, a project that the maharashtra state road development corporation (msrdc) had first taken up more than two years ago.
the project involves covering the entire mumbai-pune expressway with surveillance cameras that will be linked to a control room, relaying information of any cases of over-speeding and lane-cutting.
staff at the control room will also be able to alert hospitals and ambulance machinery in case of any mishap.
the msrdc had originally called for tenders for the project, estimated to cost rs 63.
8 crore, in 2014.
the project, however, did not move forward with the government unsure about whether the msrdc, the toll operator or the state government will bear the expenses.
we will prepare a detailed project report outlining all the safety measures that were discussed at the meeting on a war-footing.
that will give us an idea of the kind of investment that will have to be made.
come what may, this time, funds will not be an impediment in implementing any of these measures, the official said.
fadnavis also directed the opening of the first trauma care centre on the expressway at ozharde near the talegaon toll at the earliest.
the trauma care centre, which will provide medical aid to accident victims within the golden hour, has been constructed nearly 1.
5 years ago.
however, authorities have been unable to start operations due to the lack of doctors and paramedical staff.
the msrdc is now in talks with the siddhivinayak trust to run the centre.
besides, officials said, the government is also considering installing the imported brifen wire rope safety system, which has been installed on the medians, at the sides of the expressway as well to arrest the speed of cars in case of a crash.
officials claim that the wifi network has a capability of providing services to 65,000 users at a time.
(source: pradip das) officials claim that the wifi network has a capability of providing services to 65,000 users at a time.
(source: pradip das)over the last seven days, mumbaikars, mostly in dense suburban slums, have consumed 16.
2 terabytes of data off the free wifi access given by the state government.
that is the equivalent of roughly 21,600 movie downloads.
preliminary data from mumbais wifi network offered by the government reveals interestingly that the usage of free wifi access is more dominant in the slums spread across the suburbs.
seven of the top ten locations for maximum use are slums.
according to the state governments analysis, consumption has been highest in the east of chembur, where 7,020 users logged on to the wifi network between january 17 and january 23.
south mumbais hutatma chowk area recorded 3,910 users in the same period, followed by mankhurd railway station that registered 2,744 users.
watch what else is making news:vk gautam, principal secretary of the states information technology department, attributed this usage pattern to the lack of internet access in suburban slums.
most of the slums dwellers dont have the facility of internet but they have now found our services comfortable and are sure to use it, gautam said.
government officials said the initiative would help eradicate the digital divide in the city.
on january 9, two days before the code of conduct was announced ahead of elections across the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis , in a series of tweets, announced the mumbai wifi project.
the state government officially launched free wifi access connecting 510 hotspots across mumbai under the smart city project.
happy browsing, the cm tweeted.
according to the it department, official figures of users and usage indicate a steadily rising trend.
during our trial phase between january 2-8 about 500 gb of data was being used by about 23,000 users.
in the next four days it rose to 1 tb of consumption per day.
1 terabyte (tb) is equal to about 1,000 gigabytes (gb).
officials said that by january 14 the per day usage increased to 1.
5 tb and now stands at more than 2.
5 tb each day, said an it official.
state government officials claim that the wifi network has a capability of providing services to 65,000 users at a time.
but on the afternoon of january 24 there were only 2,312 users active.
by 1.
30 pm on january 24, 1.
4 tb of data had been used.
of the 17,003 persons who had logged on to the network on wednesday, 15,000 were connected via mobile phones, another consistent trend.
the week-long analysis of usage accessed by the indian express shows that 16.
2 tb was used by 90,499 unique or repeat users and around 27,000 new users, the latter referring to those who only logged on to the states free wifi network once.
the information indicates that chembur tops the list with the highest repeat users.
in the suburban slums there a lot of people who dont have access to the internet.
we believe that a lot of them are downloading videos and apps and then updating their apps, all which consume a lot of data, gautam said.
ever since a railway police constable told him of free internet, mankhurd-based videographer hussain khan (35) works from the platforms of mankhurd railway station.
i mainly use the free wifi to work and have asked my employees to use the facility.
however, over the past week, the platforms have become more crowded and the foot-over-bridge more congested mainly with youth who are downloading videos, says khan.
according to gautam, once a user logs on to the network, there is a firewall that restricts browsing to websites that are legal.
by may 1 next year, the government will extend the free wifi services across 1200 hotspots.
the state government has appointed larsen & toubro (l&t) as the implementation partner to convert orange city nagpur into the countrys first large scale, integrated, smart city.
the state government has appointed larsen & toubro (l&t) as the implementation partner to convert orange city nagpur into the countrys first large scale, integrated, smart city.
the state government has appointed larsen & toubro (l&t) as the implementation partner to convert orange city nagpur into the countrys first large scale, integrated, smart city.
l&t was on tuesday handed over the letter of intent (loi).
chief minister devendrafadnavis has taken up in earnest, the smart cities project for all ten cities listed.
it includes mumbai, pune, nagpur, amravati, solapur, nashik, aurangabad, kalyan-dombivli, thane, pimpri-chinchwad.
fadnavis has rolled out the project with specifications and timeline for nagpur which happens to be his hometown and logistically significant, being the central point of india.
the state government has also decided to develop the city complete with five hubs, from textile centres to defence sector.
the scope of work in phase 1 for l&ts smart world communications business vertical, a part of l&t construction, will cover laying of 1200 km of optical fibre network backbone, creating 136 city wi-fi hotspots at key locations, establishing 100 digital interactive kiosks and developing city surveillance systems with 3800 ip-based cameras.
further, the city has identified a strip of approximately 6 km (from japanese garden square to orange city hospital square) to be developed as a smart strip with state-of-the-art systems powered by smart ict interventions like smart transport, solid waste management, smart lighting, etc.
which can be leveraged in a phased manner to ultimately cover the entire city.
after jaipur, this is the most significant step in the country journey towards establishing smart cities and we are delighted to be participating in transforming nagpur into one.
as a master systems integrator, we will provide leading edge technology solutions including high-end analytics, mobile surveillance and high-tech tools like drone, said s n subrahmanyan, deputy managing director and president, larsen & toubro.
according to vijay kumar gautam, principal secretary, government of maharashtra, the nagpur smart city project is a major milestone for the government of maharashtra.
the initiative will be driven by the governments department of information & technology.
we envisage it as a very structured programme replete with several digital technology elements.
the smart strip will be a new and exciting concept attempted for the first time in the country.
beginning with development of surveillance and intelligent traffic management systems for the government of gujarat in ahmedabad, gandhinagar and vadodara and a surveillance and management system of critical infrastructure at sabarmati jail, l&t has executed the smart city project in jaipur and is executing indias largest city surveillance project comprising 6000 cameras across 1500+ locations in mumbai for the government of maharashtra.
projects are also underway in delhi, lucknow and hyderabad.
b'the maharashtra government has joined hands with dubai based multinational companies for redevelopment of asias biggest slum dharavi along with other infrastructure projects in mumbai.
(representational image) the maharashtra government has joined hands with dubai based multinational companies for redevelopment of asias biggest slum dharavi along with other infrastructure projects in mumbai.
(representational image)the dubai-based mbm group has agreed to partner with the maharashtra government for the redevelopment of asias biggest slum dharavi along with other infrastructure projects in mumbai, while the dp world group has agreed for collaborations in logistic parks and the thumbay group has shown interest in healthcare projects.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday held meetings with the three groups in dubai.
the visit was part of a tour by fadnavis to attract foreign investment.
it will be followed by a series of meetings and deliberations with companies based in the united states and canada.
investment and growth through the foreign partnership are being explored in core sectors including agriculture, infrastructure and information and technology.
the official statement issued by the state government said, after leaving mumbai, the fadnavis delegation halted at dubai which was the first phase of the investment drive.
indian ambassador navdeep suri welcomed the chief minister.
it was followed by a meeting with dp world groups chairman and chief executive officer (ceo) sultan ahmed bin sulayem.
a senior officer, who is part of the delegation, said, dp world expressed desire to work with the state government for building logistic parks.
the group has shown enthusiasm to work in the logistic parks sector in nagpur in vidarbha region of maharashtra.
dp world is a leading global investment company.
in the evening, fadnavis met with mbm group chairman sheikh mohammed bin maktoum bin juma al maktoum who agreed to work with the state government on the redevelopment of dharavi along with related infrastructure projects in mumbai.
the redevelopment of the dharavi slums spread across 178 hectares is amongst mega projects high on the mumbai makeover plan undertaken by the state government.
although official data shows that dharavi is divided into five sectors having 60,000 houses, unofficially, the number is pegged at 1.
10 lakh.
a senior secretary in the housing department said, despite repeated efforts, various development models mooted with domestic investors have not elicited desired response.
the low response for the rs 25,000-crore project has led the government to explore overseas investors to take up the project to provide decent houses to slum dwellers.
sources pointed out that mbm is a dubai-based royal family office and investment holding company.
its leadership and thrust areas are diverse including real estate, oil and gas services to the strategic adviser in sports, education and healthcare.
the third meeting was between fadnavis and thumbay group president thumbay moideen.
the company, which is among the 100 leading groups in the middle east, specialises in 13 diverse fields and has established itself in the field of healthcare and education.
it agreed to work with the maharashtra government in public healthcare projects.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray cast his vote at a booth in bandra east accompanied by his wife and son aaditya.
pradip das shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray cast his vote at a booth in bandra east accompanied by his wife and son aaditya.
pradip dasas the maharashtrian-dominated belt of central mumbais dadar, parel, shivaji park and sewree witnessed record voter turnout for a municipal election, it emerged that shiv sainiks aged above 60 years were on the streets in these localities, urging people in the traditional shiv sena bastions to cast their vote.
ganpat rane, 70, was seated near a polling booth, outside his colony in krishan nagar, parel, a colony of around 600 tenements with over 1,700 voters.
my feet are swollen, but i came down to ensure that the people i know vote for us.
i am not very active in the sena any more because of my old age, but i have come out to ensure a victory for sena, said rane, who has worked with the local shiv sena shakha for decades.
he said people in the colony knew him personally, and would not ignore his request.
also, there was some confusion in the area due to a sitting sena corporator joining the bjp.
he has betrayed the sena by joining the rival party.
so, to clear the confusion from the minds of some people, i came down to make my presence felt and to make these residents vote for the sena, added rane.
along with him were several sainiks, all sexagenarians.
watch what else is making newspandurang naik, a 72-year-old sainik in ghoolanji hill compound of sewri, was instructing the local sena cadre about what issues were most pressing for the voters.
there is a fear that the bjp will sell the city to developers and will force the marathi-speaking people out of the city.
we cant afford that.
it is a question of marathi asmita (pride), said naik, slamming a bjp legislator from western maharashtra for making derogatory remarks about wives of soldiers.
such remarks are unacceptable.
how dare they make such statements?
also, the soldiers are from our family who are from lower and middle income groups.
it reflects badly on us too.
senior citizen shiv sainiks were similarly seen at shivaji park in dadar too.
the marathi manoos has come out in large numbers in support of sena and not any other party.
it is because of the anger in their minds about the bjp and its dictatorial attitude of decision-making.
also, there is a strong sentiment among the sainiks that the bjp, which was born in the city with our help, is set to finish the sena.
it is a betrayal which is not acceptable to sainiks, said ajit kadam, shiv sena shakha pramukh from shivaji park.
one senior sena leader said sainiks were also angry with chief minister devendrafadnavis for his remark that he might conduct an inquiry into the assets of uddhav thackerays family.
sainiks feel strongly about this as they think the bjp is targetting balasahebs (bal thackerays) family.
they have very strong attachment with the thackerays.
fadnaviss statement has angered many who think it is now time to show the bjp its place, said the leader.
the leader added that the heavy voting in central mumbai would help the sena consolidate its bastion, for the division of votes owing to the mns factor in the 2012 election was no longer in play.
the mns is not a strong factor this time.
though mns may win 2-3 seats, we will regain our bastion, he said.
image for representational purposes.
image for representational purposes.
kolhapur city in western maharashtra will soon get a 300-feet flag post to fly the tricolour, which would the second tallest flag pole in the country, a senior police officer said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis is likely to attend the flag hoisting ceremony on may 1, the foundation day of maharashtra state, the officer, who recently visited kolhapur to see the preparation work, said.
this flag post would be the second tallest in the country, the officer said.
a 360-foot high (110 meters) flag post, said to be the countrys tallest, was inaugurated on march 6 at the indo-pak attari border, just a stones throw from pakistan.
maharashtra revenue minister chandrakant patil confirmed the development saying all the necessary permissions from the revenue and home departments have been obtained for raising the flag post in kolhapur.
the flag pole is going to be installed at the police garden located opposite of superintendent of police headquarters.
kolhapur street beautification project (ksbp), a registered trust, will be raising the flag post.
talking to pti about the development, chandrakant patil said, its good that kolhapur will get attention for something positive.
the flag post and the police garden are being developed by a local trust, hence there is no burden on the state over the task and also its maintenance, patil told pti today.
sujay pitre, president of ksbp said, the flag will be 90 feet long and 60 feet wide.
we have purchased three sets of flag as we can replace immediately if one of them gets damaged.
at the base, the tapering flag pole will be five feet wide, while it will be 16 inches at the top.
six flood-lights will illuminate the tricolour through the night.
the total weight of the pole will be 24,000 kg.
the total expenditure incurred for the entire project is rs 1.
1 crore, which the trust has raised through donations, he said.
we are also going to install a cctv camera on top of the police headquarters, which will provide a close-up shot of the flag on a tv screen.
if anybody notices any damage to the flag, they will have to inform to the trust staff.
we will immediately replace it, he said.
district guardian minister girish bapat talks to the indian express about the three sites finalised and the impending approval from the government.
has the site for pimpri-chinchwad police commissionerate been finalised?
not yet.
we have identified three sites.
the pune police commissioner, rural sp and the peoples representatives have given their consent for the locations.
we have sent the names to the chief minister and are awaiting his approval.
which are the three sites?
one is in premlok park area of chinchwad.
we are trying to shift a civic school from the building so the police commissionerate building can be accommodated.
the other two spaces are in spine road and nigdi area.
will the commissionerate be permanently set up at the finalised site?
no.
the site will be taken on a rental basis, till a permanent location is identified.
the commissionerate will be located at one of the sites and the office of the deputy commissioner will be set up at another spot.
have you been able to zero in on a permanent spot?
yes, we have identified an 80-acre plot to set up the permanent building.
other details will be revealed soon.
the pimpri-chinchwad commissionerate was supposed to start its operations from the new location from may 1.
the deadline has now been extended to august 15.
may 1 was too early when the chief minister had made the announcement.
we had to look for the space.
it has taken time as to when will the commissionerate be set up at the new site, we will reveal it when we get the approval from the chief ministers office.
will the commissionerate get enough staff on time?
everything is being worked out.
the commissionerate will get adequate staff.
it is an important development in the history of pimpri-chinchwad.
the presence of a commissionerate will certainly help in bringing down the crime rate and easing the travails of residents who have had to travel 20-30 km to pune police commissionerate to file their complaints.
after being informed that 46 custodial deaths had occurred in the state in the five years, the legislative assembly on friday discussed the implementation of measures to curb custodial deaths and sought explanations from the government.
advertisingin his written reply to a calling attention motion, chief minister devendrafadnavis , also the home minister, informed members that the 46 deaths had taken place between 2012 and 2017.
later, while replying to discussions raised by the opposition members, minister of state (home) ranjit patil listed various measures adopted by the government to clamp down on the custodial excess and also improve the prison infrastructure to curb such deaths.
the government informed the house that compensation had so far been given to the families of the deceased in 15 of these cases following orders by the national human rights commission (nhrc).
in other cases, the matters are still being heard by the nhrc, patil said.
advertisingadmitting that the condition of the prisoners in states overcrowded jails necessitated improvement, patil said that the government had decided to set up three new jails  in yavatmal, ahmednagar and gondia  to decongest the jails.
expansion of jails in yerawada and mandale was also on the cards, he added.
patil further said that the government would audit the implementation of various steps adopted to curb such deaths.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/files) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/files)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday declared rural areas of the state open defecation-free and claimed the state has constructed the highest number of toilets in the country.
according to the baseline survey of 2012, around 55 per cent of the families in the state in rural areas did not have access to toilets, he said.
in a period of just three and a half years, we have made available toilets to 55 per cent of the homes that did not have toilets.
this exercise of constructing toilets spanned 34 districts, 351 talukas, 21,000 gram panchayats and 40,500 villages, fadnavis told reporters at mumbai.
almost all homes (in rural parts) have access to toilets now, he said.
the second part of the swachh maharashtra campaign would focus on encouraging people to use these toilets,fadnavis said.
for this, the government is conducting campaigns like darwaza band as well as using the good morning squad in rural areas to tackle open defecation, he added.
children in the squads will be armed with whistles and flowers to discourage people from open defecation.
they will also be trained to ensure that womens dignity is not compromised with, he said.
fadnavis said 19.
16 lakh toilets were constructed in 2016-17 and 22.
51 lakh in 2017-18.
altogether 2.
81 lakh common toilets have also been constructed, he said.
these toilets were jointly constructed by the centre and the state government at a cost of rs 4500 crore, fadnavis said.
i can say with confidence no other state has created as many toilets as we have in the last three and a half years, he said.
president ram nath kovind in october last year declared urban maharashtra open defecation free.
this announcement was made after all urban local bodies in maharashtra were declared open defecation-free.
advertisingbut the same no-objection letter itself makes it clear that the said portion was not developable.
as per the mumbai coastal zone management plan, the said area is abutting the high tide line.
it is next to the sea.
as per the coastal regulation zone (crz) norms, 2011, no construction or development is permissible on it, stated the departments note, which was approved by principal secretary (environment) anil diggikar.
on november 3, 2018, the states revenue authorities had approached the environment department seeking its views on the proposal, after the office of the settlement commissioner had sought to examine the impact of the move on the shoreline, the coastal environment, and the crz on the whole.
official documents obtained under the right to information act show that the environment department submitted its opinion in this regard on january 19, 2019.
no slum rehabilitation project can be undertaken on the portion.
it is a no-development area.
even generation of floor space index on this land is not permissible.
all we have said is that the portion can be surveyed and a cadastral survey number can be given on the condition that no construction or development can be carried out.
advertisingwhen contacted, diggikar said that the departments opinion was clear in this regard.
rajesh jain, partner, dlpl infrastructure llp, which had approached the government for the portions survey, however, said that his firm plans to undertake in-situ slum redevelopment on the land.
about 100 families have been residing on the property since 1985.
weve been appointed by their proposed redevelopment society as developers for in-situ redevelopment and have submitted a scheme to the slum rehabilitation authority for a composite rehabilitation and sale building on the site, said jain.
as far as the law permits us, we plan to carry out development on site, he added while claiming that the plot was situated on the landward side of the high tide line (htl).
fadnavis, meanwhile, said that the developability of the land parcel will be subject to crz laws and mumbais development control regulations.
jain claimed that a number of court cases had been filed in past for the eviction of the slumdwellers, but a state-appointed high-powered committee, following one such court ruling, had earlier said that the possibility of in-situ rehabilitation of the slum dwellers could be explored.
while claiming that in the past that the sra had even approved projects on portions without insisting on the cadastral survey (cs) number, jain claimed that the government had similarly surveyed slum portions of other reclaimed foreshore portions and given these cs numbers as well.
just as uncertainty continues to prevail over his candidature from mumbai north east, bjps sitting mp kirit somaiya has already hit the road, seeking votes for his re-election.
sources close to the high-profile politician confirmed that he has been holding marathon meetings with bjps booth-level workers across assembly segments.
sources say that somaiya has already completed a round of public campaigning as well.
while the shiv sena has raised objections over somaiyas renomination, his camp remains confident of winning the ticket, with chief minister devendrafadnavis himself involved in talks with the sena leadership in this regard.
advertisingrising tempersmanikrao gavit is a miffed man.
smarting over the denial of ticket to either him or his son from the nandurbar seat from where he has won nine times, the veteran congress leader reportedly lost his cool last saturday when all india congress committees (maharashtra in-charge) refused to meet him to hear his grievances.
it took an intervention from two senior state congress leaders to calm him down.
later, kharge himself tried to reason with him.
damage controljust as shiv sena president uddhav thackeray was accompanying bjp president amit shah, trouble was brewing in the saffron combine back home.
angry over the exclusion of yuva sena leader aaditya thackerays pictures in posters put up by bjps sitting mp poonam mahajan, sources say that yuva sena workers were planning to protest at her election rally on saturday.
a last-minute damage control move by the bjp soothed frayed nerves.
sensing a flare-up, mahajan, the sources say, ensured that the thackeray scions pictures were erected hours before the rally.
twist in the taleeyebrows are being raised in the corridors of power over prakash ambedkar and asaduddin owaisi-led bahujan vanchit aghadis move to change their candidate for the sangli lok sabha seat.
while the party had previously declared the nomination of jaysingrao shendage, it has now decided to offer the ticket to jaysingraos cousin and former ncp legislator prakash shendage, who has himself confirmed the plan.
with the latter enjoying sizeable clout among the dhangar community, both the nda and the congress-led alliance are on the tenderhooks.
the bjp poster.
the bjp poster.
a day after the shiv sena issued a veiled threat to withdraw support from the government in maharashtra, the bjp has decided to hit close to home, with chief minister devendrafadnavis convening a public rally on friday in uddhav thackerays turf dadar.
also, the posters advertising the rally are taking a dig at one of the most powerful tools thackeray has been using against the bjp  the party mouthpiece saamana.
watch what else is making newsthe posters, along with a picture of the chief minister, read: phakta agralekh nahi, tar pragati cha alekh.
(not just editorials, but articles on progress).
the venue of the rally, dadar, is where the newspapers office is located.
according to a bjp poll-manager, in the past two years, the sena has consistently attacked both prime minister narendra modi and chief minister devendrafadnavis through saamana.
the chief ministers rally near the saamnaa office sends the message out loud and clear: the bjp will fight the sena tooth and nail in the bmc.
on its part, the shiv sena too has indicated it will pull out all stops for the bmc battle.
a sena minister told the indian express, the bmc is a big fight and we are going to leave no stone unturned to retain our turf.
we will keep reminding the bjp through resignation threats that our support has given stability to your government in maharashtra.
however, this tactic is being debated within the party.
a sena leader argued, we tried the same resignation method in the kalyan-dombivli municipal corporation polls, when senior minister eknath shinde offered his letter to uddhavji.
but it was never handed over to fadnavis.
similarly, we are planning that all ministers issue a resignation letter to uddhavji on february 18 at a public rally.
but there are fears the move could be dismissed as a poll gimmick.
environment minister ramdas kadam said, yes, we will not hesitate to resign if uddhav thackeray asks us to do so.
but another senior minister from the sena claimed, any attempt to withdraw support at this juncture would boomerang, as we will be accused of destabilising the government, the public may dismiss us as an irresponsible party.
sections within the party also think that with 122 seats in the 188-member assembly, the bjp might retain power with the help of smaller allies even if the sena were to withdraw support.
also, there are fears that if the sena does walk out, the ncp could step in to hold up the government.
the pmc will have to exclude areas of these four villages while preparing development plan for the newly included villages, said the officer.
the pmc will have to exclude areas of these four villages while preparing development plan for the newly included villages, said the officer.
considered to be the most unhygenic parts of the city, uruli devachi, phursungi areas are all set to get a makeover.
the pune metropolitan regional development authority (pmrda) has sought state governments permission for a town planning scheme in the areas falling under the pune municipal corporations jurisdiction.
during the pmrda meeting on monday, which was chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis , authorities had tabled the proposal to allow them to implement town planning scheme for ambegaon khurd, yeolewadi, uruli devachi and phursungi, citing the proposed ringroad passing through these areas is to be developed by the pmrda.
however, uruli and phurusungi areas have recently been included in the jurisdiction of the pmc.
it is the responsibility of the pmc to prepare a development plan for the area that falls in its jurisdiction.
the state government had last year included 14 new villages, including ambegaon khurd, yeolewadi, uruli devachi and phursungi in the pmc area.
the pmc is supposed to prepare a development plan for newly included areas, but the process is yet to start.
if the state government decides to allow the pmrda as the planning authority to prepare a town planning scheme, then the pmc will not have any role as a planner, said a civic officer.
the town planning scheme would also help in addressing problems of these areas, the officer said.
the land pooling in town planning scheme would enable effecive planning of these areas.
the entire area would get a makeover and have a new look, added the officer.
this would be the first-of-its-kind town planning scheme in the city as efforts of the pmc to develop town planning scheme has not been successful, said the officer.
there is a political opposition to the town planning scheme as the elected representatives do not get a role in the scheme, he said, adding the provision for all civic facilities is done in town planning and little is left for elected representatives for development purpose.
the pmc will have to exclude areas of these four villages while preparing development plan for the newly included villages, said the officer.
according to the pmrda, it has planned for the town planning scheme in these areas under the pmc as the proposed ringroad to be developed by it passes through the area and the land for the purpose could be made easily available.
the pmrda is going to construct 123-km long and 110-metre wide ringroad to decongest city roads.
the ringroad will enable the traffic from outside cross without entering the city.
the first stretch of 33 km will be developed to connect pune-satara highway and nagar road highway.
the road will start from ambegao khurd on pune-satara road and end at wagholi on nagar road.
the expected project cost is pegged at rs 650 crore.
the overall ringroad will connect seven main highways of pune-mumbai, pune-satara, pune-paud, pune-baramati, pune-solapur, pune-ahmednagar and pune-nashik.
the pmrda has also decided to form a special purpose vehicle for the implementation of the ambitious ringroad project.
the pmc had acquired the land at uruli devachi and phursungi long ago for landfill sites, but later villagers protested due to rise in pollution level in the areas.
the civic body spent lot of funds to improve civic facilities of the area but problems could never be resolved completely.
the pmc later began capping of the landfill site as the court banned open dumping of waste.
railway minister suresh prabhu railway minister suresh prabhua group of mumbai bjp leaders today met railway minister suresh prabhu and demanded that more trains be launched between cities in maharashtra and north indian states, especially during the summer season.
prabhu was in the city yesterday and held a meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis where they reviewed the progress of rail projects in the state.
general secretary of mumbai bjp amarjeet mishra along with a delegation of party members met prabhu in rail bhawan in new delhi and apprised him about the hardships faced by the north indians living in mumbai and other parts of maharashtra in travelling to their native places due to shortage of trains.
the situation becomes bad during the summer season, where there is a heavy rush of passengers in north indian-bound trains, they told the minister.
mishra said, though the railway has already announced a slew of summer special trains, we demanded more unreserved holiday trains from mumbai to varanasi, darbhanga and lucknow.
mishra said prabhu patiently heard them out and assured to arrange additional coaches in trains bound for north india, especially uttar pradesh.
we demanded that the mumbai-jabalpur garib rath be extended up to varanasi.
we also wanted prabhuji to make ltt-faizabad express a daily service from once a week now, he said.
the minister asked his officials to look into the demands and do the needful, the bjp leader added.
the association of nagar road citizens forums has opposed the pmc proposal to increase property tax by 12 per cent in the 2019-2020 budget, on the grounds that the proposal is arbitrary and unilateral.
advertisingthe pmc should take citizens into confidence and explain the reasons for increase in the tax.
a large amount of public money has not been recovered and the pmc has neither the inclination nor the will to recover the dues.
it should avoid burdening citizens any further, the association said in a letter sent to pmc commissioner saurav rao.
a copy has been marked to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the association said the pmc currently charges for services it is not offering, which is in contravention of the fundamental rights guaranteed under article 21 of the constitution of india  the right to life.
due to infringement of the fundamental right under article 21, a citizen can demand compensation apart from seeking enforcement of the right according to the final order in pil no.
71 of 2013 taken up suo motu by bombay high court, the letter added.
the association added that water supply and distribution to different parts of the city is inequitable and running short, and there is mismanagement of solid waste, leading to cleanliness and health hazards.
there is a delay in implementation of hawkers policy and relocation of hawkers, which results in illegal occupation of footpaths, cycle tracks, kerbs and side margins of roads, streets, the letter stated.
advertisingrepair work undertaken on roads and footpaths has been done in patchwork manner using different types and poor quality of material, which leads to accidents, the letter said.
there is no curb on encroachments and illegal structures, which belies the law of the land.
the pmc is lax on collection of property tax in comparison to budget target figures.
on the other hand, the pmc readily announces amnesty schemes for defaulters, which is a loss, said qaneez sukhrani, one of the activists who signed the letter.
the association said there is no mechanism in place to recover money dues on rent of leased pmc properties.
the parking policy, which would generate income for the pmc and decrease indiscriminate parking in public spaces, has not been implemented.
northeast pune still suffers abysmal water supply, if at all.
the bhama askhed project has been unnecessarily delayed due to political differences, the letter stated.
ncp leaders believe that if the saffron pre-poll alliance does not fructify, then the party holds a strong chance of doing well.
ncp leaders believe that if the saffron pre-poll alliance does not fructify, then the party holds a strong chance of doing well.
the ongoing deadlock between the bjp and shiv sena over seat sharing in pune and pimpri-chinchwad has give ncp a reason to cheer ahead of the municipal polls scheduled in february.
ncp leaders believe that if the saffron pre-poll alliance does not fructify, then the party holds a strong chance of doing well.
despite several rounds of meetings, the bjp and shiv sena leaders in pimpri-chinchwad have failed to reach any consensus over seat sharing.
watch what else is making news:both are blaming each other for not agreeing to a formula.
on pmc terrain too, both the bjp and shiv sena are refusing to see eye-to-eye over seat adjustments.
top leaders of both the parties concede that the alliance might not happen after all.
if the two parties dont join hands, it will certainly be an advantage for us in pimpri-chinchwad.
in such an eventuality, we are confident as we believe that the saffron parties will be busy fighting each other, thereby giving ncp a clear advantage, said ncp leader yogesh behl.
behl said if there is an alliance between bjp and sena, still it would work in favour of ncp.
the bjp is planning to give tickets to turncoats from ncp and this is set to upset the partys loyal workers and the bjp is set to suffer.
vandana chavan, president of ncp pune city unit, said, no alliance between shiv sena and bjp will work to our advantagein the past elections, they had contested jointly, yet we had won.
if this time, they dont contest jointly, it will benefit us more ncp, which was elected to power in 2012 elections with an absolute majority in pimpri-chinchwad, has been rather edgy with the saffron parties, especially the bjp-led by chief minister devendrafadnavis , being all charged up to capture power from ajit pawar-led civic body.
making strategic moves, bjp has managed to snatch several top ncp leaders and a clutch of sitting corporators in a bid to weaken the party and thereby, throw it out of power.
moreover, the bjp has also been claiming that some more corporators and leaders are ready to switch sides.
if the confusion over alliance continues, we might even see a situation where some of our exports might return home.
already two leaders have come back, said behl, hastening to add that they were however, not overtly concerned about what happens in other parties.
meanwhile, the deadlock over seat sharing between the bjp and shiv sena, in both pmc and pcmc, is unlikely to end till the sena decides its alliance for mumbai civic body polls.
the sena is deliberately delaying in taking a decision.
it is clear that everything depends on what happens in mumbai.
if there is an alliance in mumbai, it will then be replicated in other parts of the state or vice versa, said a top bjp leader in pimpri-chinchwad.
shiv sena maval mp shrirang barne, however, said the bjp is delaying taking the decision as they have given a proposal to them and are waiting for their nod.
on pmc terrain, shiv sena city chief vinayak nimhan conceded that pre poll alliance in pune between bjp and sena rests on what happens for bmc polls.
meanwhile, the ncp appears to be little worried about its own alliance with the congress in pimpri-chinchwad and pune city.
b'bhaiyyuji was offered cabinet post by the shivraj singh chouhan government in april.
bhaiyyuji was offered cabinet post by the shivraj singh chouhan government in april.
spiritual leader bhaiyyu maharajs tragic death on tuesday drew reactions of shock and sorrow from political leaders across party lines after the news of his alleged suicide came out.
the spiritual guru allegedly shot himself at his residence in indore.
he was admitted to a hospital in bombay but he could not survive.
according to inspector general of police makrand deoskar, it was a case of suicide prima facie.
he said a pistol and a suicide note were found near the body.
bhaiyyu maharaj was one of the spiritual leaders who had been accorded the status of minister of state in the madhya pradesh government but had declined to receive a government vehicle and other facilities.
read | bhaiyyuji maharaj shoots himself to death, suicide note says he was depressed; congress demands cbi probeunion minister and bjp leader nitin gadkari expressed his sorrow over the demise in a tweet, saying, learnt about the death of spiritual guru shri bhaiyyuji maharaj.
i had a personal relationship with him.
his untimely death is saddening.
my humble tributes.
:  .
.
.
.
nitin gadkari (@nitin_gadkari) june 12, 2018maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis hailed the spiritual guru for his contribution to upliftment of the deprived sections in the state, saying farmers and tribals were at the centre of bhaiyyu maharajs activities.
bhaiyyu maharajs work towards land reforms, water conservation, farmers (welfare) and education of children will always be remembered.
tributes to him!
am part of mourning of his big family and followers, the chief minister tweeted.
, ,            .
!
:   .
devendra fadnavis (@dev_fadnavis) june 12, 2018leader of the opposition in the state assembly radhakrishna vikhe-patil said the news of his death was shocking and unbelievable as he also hailed bhaiyyu maharaj for carrying forward the legacy of spirituality in maharashtra.
the untimely death of bhaiyyuji maharaj, who was ever smiling, enthusiastic and one giving energy, is saddening.
#rip #bhaiyyujimaharaj, the congress leader said on twitter.
former state chief minister and congress leader prithviraj chavan also remembered the spiritual leader, saying, a lot of political people used to meet him.
he was a spiritual person, who motivated people to do good.
he visited maharashtra frequently and met a lot of people and was also involved in social work here.
shocked to hear sudden demise of spiritual leader #bhaiyyujimaharaj .
his spiritual, social and political work was always aimed at helping common people.
my condolences.
may his soul rest in peace  prithviraj chavan (@prithvrj) june 12, 2018ncp spokesperson nawab malik also condoled the death of bhaiyyu maharaj and observed that the spiritual leader had taken part in several social works in maharashtra and mp.
may his soul rest in peace, malik wrote.
.
.
!
nawab malik (@nawabmalikncp) june 12, 2018the congress, however, demanded cbi probe into the matter as they blamed the ruling government for his suicide.
madhya pradesh government had put pressure on him to accept privileges & support the government, which he refused to do.
he was under a lot of mental pressure.
cbi probe should be done, said congress leader manak agarwal.
a zamindars son and a former model, bhaiyyu maharaj, whose real name is udaysingh deshmukh, was known for his opulent lifestyle.
always elegantly dressed, he operated from a sprawling ashram at indore, traveled in a white mercedes suv with a small band of followers and stayed in lavish resorts during his trips.
he had a wide following among politicians and businessmen, who flocked to him for advice on spiritual matters.
the bjp has convened a state executive meeting on july 21 to discuss the assembly elections in maharashtra in october.
bjp working president j p nadda will attend the meeting.
advertisingamong other issues, the meeting, which will be held in mumbai, will discuss issues related to pre-poll alliance between the bjp and shiv sena, booth management and various strategies to win 220 out of the 288 seats.
bjp general secretary v satish has been entrusted the task to start deliberations with ministers, officer-bearers and elected members for the poll preparations.
sources said satish will park himself in the mumbai headquarters till the conclusion of the polls.
he will play the role of observer and closely monitor the poll preparations intervening where necessary.
the conclave will see chief minister devendrafadnavis spelling out clear guidelines and strategies for the coming elections, a bjp source said.
advertisingofficially, the bjp along with its ally shiv sena has set a target of winning 220 out of the total 288 seats.
sources said a section within the bjp wants the party to contest the elections solo, fielding candidates in all 288 seats.
however, the top bjp leadership, both at the centre and in the state, is not in favour of fighting the polls alone.
at this moment we are working on a pre-poll alliance with the sena, a bjp general secretary said.
if we have an alliance there is possibility that the bjp and sena will contest 135 seats each.
which comes to 270 seats.
the remaining 18 seats will be given to smaller parties or independents, a senior party functionary, requesting anonymity, said.
in these 18 seats, the candidates will contest on the bjp symbol.
the bjp believes it should set a target of winning 130-132 seats.
the congress and ncp leaders on saturday voiced their protest against chief minister devendrafadnavis for not attending the tea-party hosted on eve of the winter session beginning in nagpur from monday.
fadnavis is leaving on sunday to attend a meeting of all chief ministers convened by prime minister narendra modi.
the day also coincides with high-tea convened by state government ahead of winter session at nagpur.
the former chief minister prithviraj chavan and former deputy chief minister ajit pawar said, it is highly humiliating if the chief minister himself skips the tea session which is convened to discuss the issues with the opposition parties.
on sunday, fadnavis is going to delhi to attend a meeting of all chief ministers convened by prime minister narendra modi.
the chief minister has urged his senior cabinet colleague chandrakant patil to take the charge during the tea session in his absence.
however, pawar and chavan believe the absence of the chief minister cannot be justified.
pawar said, for the first time in the history of state legislature we have a chief minister who is not attending the tea party.
ahead of every session it is a customary for the government to convene a high-tea with the leaders of all political parties.
the chief minister is the host for the high-tea as he heads the government.
mpcc chief manikrao thakre said, this is the first session after the assembly elections and it is expected that chief minister should have been present.
the chief minister should have reworked his schedule to ensure he could attend the meeting as well as tea session.
according to bjp cabinet minister, the opposition has the right to express their views.
but the prime minister meeting was scheduled and it coincides with the tea session.
moreover, chief minister is not escaping the opposition.
he has deputed a senior cabinet minister to play the host, he added.
arguing, pm meeting in delhi is also important as matters of maharashtra issues would be raised by fadnavis.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis is looking to increase the thrust of communication and advertising to ramp up showcasing of his governments initiatives months before it turns three.
according to the governments revised advertisement policy, the directorate general of information and public relations (dgipr), which fadnavis himself leads, has been made the nodal publicity agency for all government departments, state-run corporations, agencies and public sector units, among others.
sources said a publicity plan for schemes and various government initiatives is being prepared ahead of the fadnavis governments third anniversary on october 31.
with the chief ministers office keen to play an active role in controlling messaging and the branding for advertisement campaigns across television, print, and digital mediums, fadnavis has also appointed a committee under the director general (information and publicity), brijesh singh, to chart out a publicity plan for all departments and agencies.
fadnaviss media advisor, ravikiran deshmukh, has been appointed a member of the committee.
the states general administration department issued orders in this regard on july 21.
apart from deciding the messaging, nature of the campaign and target segments, the cm-appointed committee has also been granted powers to finalise the advertisement company to be contracted for designing the creatives of each campaign.
the government has already empanelled some advertisement companies for its publicity initiatives.
senior officials said the centralised approach will usher more uniformity in branding initiatives and spending behind such campaigns.
a day after the bjps kirit somaiya claimed his party would bring out a black paper on scams in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation, the shiv sena saturday struck back, targeting chief minister devendrafadnavis and alleging corruption in the bjp-led state government.
the civic body is headed by the municipal commissioner, appointed by the chief minister.
for final decisions on any proposal in the bmcs standing committee, the civic chief and the urban development department are responsible.
this department is headed by fadnavis.
then who is responsible for scams in the bmc?
asked rahul shewale, corporator and shiv sena mp from mumbai.
shewale was addressing a press conference at the sena headquarters in dadar.
watch what else is making news:shewale, a former chairperson of the all-important standing committee of the bmc, further targeted somaiya with allegations of a water tanker mafia operating in his area.
there are letters by somaiya seeking to provide water tankers in his shivaji nagar area, and tankers of rs 150 have been been sold for rs 800, he said, adding that somaiya demanded the closure of the mulund dumping ground to favour a real estate developer.
while somaiya had levelled allegations of a scam involving a garbage collection contractor, shewale said the bjp was involved with the same contractor and he even worked on coldplay event in mumbai last year.
shewale also showed photographs of fadnavis with the contractor.
allegations of corruption were also leveled against another person.
but the bjp gave him entry into their party and made him an mp in the upper house, shewale alleged, adding that those involved in the garbage scam have sponsored some bjp events.
alleging that the highest number of action taken by the state anti corruption bureau are against bjp corporators, shewale said there was corruption in at least 30 departments of the state government.
there is no transparency in the home department, which is headed by fadnavis, he added.
the sena leader dared fadnavis to act against the corrupt.
somaiya did not take the names of the mafia.
two contractors are from the same tehsil, district and state.
from their sarpanch to mlas and mps, all the leaders are from the bjp.
fadnavis should investigate and take action against them, he said.
somaiya termed shewales allegations ridiculous.
this is not only ridiculous, but will also fail to prevent me from releasing the black paper on the bmc mafia and making the bmc mafia-free, said somaiya.
many software programs come with easter eggs included  hidden functionalities designed to surprise and awe.
for instance, quarkxpress, the publishing program on which this page has been made, has a secret combination of keystrokes which causes all the alphabets to fall off and pile up at the bottom of the computer screen.
it is a fine device to remind journalists of the ephemeral nature of news and the permanence of hubris.
on our television screens, too, prime minister narendra modi has hatched an easter egg.
what we always knew but never quite realised is that a pm can snap his fingers and get airborne anytime at all, and descend anywhere at all.
in modis case, this is literally true because unlike former pms, he is not trammelled by the logistical headache of carting about planeloads of journalists to sing his praises at 30,000 feet.
twitter sings for him.
but there was an easter egg within the easter egg: siachen.
not since george fernandes has a national leader attracted so much attention with a siachen visit.
what was originally billed as a three-hour, no-meal visit to srinagar mopped up three days of prime-time juice.
he has certainly got more bang out of bucking the trend than rahul gandhi ever leveraged from his dalit homestays.
on the morning of the day before, zee was running a curtain-raiser on its ticker: coming soon: learn how narendra modi will spend his diwali.
and the image of a combat-ready modi, complete with oxygen mask, classy snowshades and other modcons will persist for years.
the man is having a ball, and part of the kick is the ability to set the agenda for the media, and to set them scurrying.
indias intrepid reporters have suffered intolerable hardships this week, having had to spend their diwali far from family and friends, in the rarefied atmosphere of siachen and amidst the victims of the floods in kashmir.
the mood in the valley is understandably un-festive and the pm himself is not ideal diwali company, as it is generally understood in north india.
however, at least the intrepid have been spared the incredible diwali pollution in the capital.
cnn-ibn, which tracked air quality and sought the opinions of the public-spirited pessimists over at the centre for science and environment, levels of nitrogen dioxide have more than doubled since diwali last year.
ndtv reported that delhis pollution had jumped to nine times the usual level.
the pessimists stood vindicated.
was the festival the provocation for barkha dutts interview of former finance minister p chidambaram?
muhurat trading, the association with speculation and gambling, that sort of thing?
well, no, the peg was the possibility of the congress being embarrassed over black money.
chidambaram deflected that and wished out loud that his successor arun jaitley had gone all the way with reforms.
ironically, even right-wing economists on tv had disparaged jaitleys maiden budget as a upa-style squib.
the image of the week was the usual aftermath of a sangh parivar victory: the winner has his face forcefully stuffed with a laddoo and embarrassing pictures are taken.
but maharashtra chief minister in waiting devendrafadnavis needed a special push, what with nitin gadkaris supporters having sparked the imagination of the media.
so he had the mandatory laddoo in his face, but not deep enough to bite.
and then a bjp hand was applied to the back of his head, and his face was swivelled this way and that so that all the cameras ranged around could get a good shot.
finally, a desperate fadnavis grabbed the laddoo himself and crammed it into his mouth.
and that was the end of that.
pratik.
even as the pre-monsoon road repair work has come to a stop after several quarries were shut down a week ago on thane collector mahendra kalyankars orders, the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) is yet to identify alternative sources for the material required.
apart from considering temporary solutions such as using quarries in panvel, nashik and pune, the bmc is also planning to approach chief minister devendrafadnavis against the shutting down of the kalyan units.
civic officials of the roads department said there were quarries in panvel and on maharashtra industrial development corporation land that are still open, but the construction aggregate (used in road works) procured from there would not suffice.
apart from the bmc, there are ongoing works of other agencies such as the public works department, mumbai metropolitan region development authority and also the housing industry.
the material would not be enough for our 583 roads alone.
we are considering bringing the material from nashik and pune, so that at least the monsoon work can be completed, said an official.
the bmc says it was unaware of the thane collectors order to shut the quarries by march 31.
the contractors never informed us.
we only came to know about it about three days ago.
we have directed all the ward officers to ensure that the roads on which the excavation work is yet to begin should be put on hold until the situation normalises.
we are also planning to approach the cm with the request that the order be revoked in the larger interest of the citys infrastructure, said a senior official from the roads department.
while officials are exploring options, municipal commissioner ajoy mehta said: we have approached the thane collector to divert the aggregate material remaining in the quarries to the bmc for the pre-monsoon road works.
we are looking for alternative sources too and will ensure that the work is completed before the monsoon.
kalyankar had earlier issued orders to shut down the quarries by march 31, since the companies had failed to comply with the norms of the maharashtra pollution control board as well as the environment ministry.
we can consider the bmcs request of diverting the remaining aggregate for its road works, but the order cannot be lifted and the quarries will remain shut.
there are other quarries in bhiwandi, ambarnath and also in mumbai region where the bmc can source the material from, kalyankar said.
he further pointed out that his order only applies to the 70-odd quarries which come under the city and industrial development corporation of maharashtra (cidco).
there are five quarries under the midc, of which three are functional and 21 others under the forest department dont fall under my jurisdiction.
the material for road works can be sourced from there, the collector said.
he added that the matter was under litigation with the national green tribunal and the next hearing was scheduled on may 3.
meanwhile, yuva sena chief aaditya thackeray took to twitter and requested the chief minister to personally and urgently intervene into the issue of quarry work being halted in thane, which has adversely affected procurement of materials for road works and pre monsoon works by the bmc and road agencies.
mumbai.
ashish shelar, mla from bandra (west), took over as minister for school education, sports and youth welfare in june following a cabinet reshuffle.
in an interview to the indian express, he discusses various issues ahead of the assembly polls and why he thinks participation of youth in policymaking is crucial.
advertisingto tide over the dip in ssc pass percentage, 5-8 per cent seats were increased across 90 city colleges.
on the other hand, even as fyjc admissions have reached the final stage, 1.
40 lakh general seats and 28,000 reserved seats remain vacant, much more than the 72,000 last year.
isnt this a wastage of resources and facilities?
we thought about all the alternatives possible after i joined.
the option of giving internal marks back (to ssc students) was untenable.
there was suggestion by some officials to do away with internal marks of students from other boards, which would have been unconstitutional.
reservation for ssc board students would have been illegal and caused chaos.
the best possible way was to create opportunities.
our constitution is based on a preamble, which speaks of equal protection and equal opportunities.
what was needed for me to decide was that something should be done that was constitutionally correct.
giving more opportunities to eligible students was the only option.
yes, there are side effects, but this is temporarily for a year.
next year, such a situation will not come up.
the model code of conduct will kick in soon.
what are the initiatives being planned by the school education department?
advertisingwe are aggressively and wholeheartedly working to see the kind of positioning of reforms that we started in 2014 and want to continue further.
on that roadmap, some other decisions will also be announced.
from making yoga mandatory to conducting debates on issues such as abrogation of article 370, the opposition has accused you of politicising educationthis thought that promoting yoga is a way of politicisation is a sickness in the mind from where it has originated.
yoga is a universal way of exercise and we are thinking in that direction.
about the debates, the opposition will always try to create controversies, its their job.
for me, its important to provide an opportunity and platform for the youth to express their ideas.
giving them an opportunity and stake in giving suggestions on government functioning is important.
i also feel that for government policies to be full proof, the participation of youth is crucial.
keeping these perspectives in mind, a programme has been suggested.
if someone sees it as politicisation, it is limited to their mind.
the issue of full salaries for teachers of unaided schools and junior colleges is unresolved for a long time.
to what extent will the department pay grants?
we are working aggressively on that.
the extent is for the cabinet to decide.
i will see that justice is given to the teachers.
the right to education act completed 10 years this month.
yet, there continue to be glitches in the system causing many children to remain out of it.
what is your assessment of rte and its implementation?
rte is a central enactment and there are some issues pending before the supreme court.
nailing the rte is not an isolated task.
therefore, right now, we are focusing more on the new education policy, proposed by the central government.
in this policy, the width of the rte has been discussed.
while aggregating the new education policy, the pluses and minuses of rte will be discussed and addressed.
you have been a bmc corporator, you are the mumbai president of bjp and, now, the education minister.
any future aspirations?
individual aspirations have no meaning in the bjp.
my aspirations have zero value.
rather, i do not have any such aspirations.
the party is the final authority to take a call and today we have decided that to win an election, under the leadership of chief minister devendrafadnavis , we should come up with a good number (of seats).
we hope that the kind of developmental agenda that we started in 2014 can be taken to the next level.
the prime minister said through hardwork, determination and work on the ground, bjp is now a strong force both inurban & rural maharashtra.
congrats to karyakartas.
the prime minister said through hardwork, determination and work on the ground, bjp is now a strong force both inurban & rural maharashtra.
congrats to karyakartas.
applauding bjps massive victory in maharashtra civic polls, prime minister narendra modi on thursday said it is a great start to the year.
in a series of tweets, he praised bjp workers, particularly maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and state party president raosaheb danve patil, for tirelessly working for the people.
noting that the overwhelming blessings in maharashtra came after odisha, he thanked each and every indian for continuously placing their faith in bjp.
it has been been a great start to 2017.
first unprecedented support in odisha and now overwhelming blessings from people of maharashtra, said modi after the bjp came second in bmc bagging 82 of 227 seats and gaining hugely in nine other major civic bodies of maharashtra.
it has been a great start to 2017!
first the unprecedented support in odisha & now the overwhelming blessings from people of maharashtra.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) february 23, 2017i thank each & every indian for continuously placing their faith in bjp.
we are working determinately to create a strong & inclusive india.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) february 23, 2017i congratulate the entire team of @bjp4maharashtra, cm @dev_fadnavis & @raosahebdanve for working tirelessly among the people.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) february 23, 2017extremely thankful to the sisters & brothers of maharashtra for reposing their faith in bjp & in politics of development & good governance, modi said.
extremely thankful to the sisters & brothers of maharashtra for reposing their faith in bjp & in politics of development & good governance.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) february 23, 2017bjp is unwavering in the resolve to serve maharashtra with unparalleled diligence, transparency & taking the state to even greater heights.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) february 23, 2017the prime minister said through hardwork, determination and work on the ground, bjp is now a strong force both in urban & rural maharashtra.
congrats to karyakartas.
he added, bjp is unwavering in the resolve to serve maharashtra with unparalleled diligence, transparency & taking the state to even greater heights.
finance minister arun jaitley too hailed the partys astounding win in mahrashtra saying the results confirms that the party is capable of winning major states on its own.
he also hit out at congress for its dismal show.
in odisha, congress got squeezed out of contest.
in maharashtra, it got pushed to 3rd or 4th place in most cities.
results of local polls in odisha & maharashtra have shown that bjp is capable of winning major states on its own, said jaitley.
bjp president amit shah lauded chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp state president raosaheb danve for the partys unprecedented success in the bmc and other civic bodies elections.
i heartily congratulate the people of maharashtra for supporting the bjps policy of development and reposing faith in sabka saath, sabka vikaas agenda, shah tweeted.
union home minister rajnath singh spoke to fadnavis to congratulate him on the bjps exceptional performance and said the bjp activists have helped expand its base across the state.
union urban development minister m. venkaiah naidu said the bjp victory civic bodies reflects peoples faith in the party leadership.
thumping victory of bjp reinforces peoples and choice in pm modi and cm fadnavis, naidu tweeted.
union minister for surface transport nitin gadkari also applauded the partys spectacular victory in the state civic elections.
the shiv sena finished on top of a hung brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) winning 84 seats followed closely by the bjp with 82 seats.
across maharashtra, however, the bjp made major gains in elections held for municipal bodies.
the shiv sena victory came in thane.
the bjp was set to gain control of at least six civic bodies  pune, nashik, ulhasnagar, akola, nagpur and amravati  out of the 10 corporations for which the elections were held on tuesday.
the party also did well in the ulhasnagar municipal corporation, as per the latest trends.
the bjp also appeared to have expanded its base in pimpri chinchwad, despite fierce competition from the ncp.
just as the contract for the redevelopment of dharavi, asias largest slum, continues to be mired in delays, the state government on tuesday achieved a key milestone.
initiating the process of inclusion of a 46-acre railway-owned land in matunga in the reconstruction project, the state housing department issued orders for payment of an upfront amount of rs 800 crore to the railways in lieu of the land parcel.
advertisingspread over 2.
40 sq km and home to over 60,000 families, dharavi stands on prime land in the heart of mumbai, barely a stones throw from indias richest business district, the bandra kurla complex.
the dharavi redevelopment project authority (drpa), a special purpose vehicle, had earlier demanded the railway land to construct transit shelters for over 30,000 slum families.
senior officials said that the railway land was ideally placed for building the transit tenements.
on february 24, chief minister devendrafadnavis had met railways minister piyush goyal for the land transfer, when it was given a go ahead.
advertisingbut with the projects developer yet to be appointed, the government on tuesday decided to tap resources available with its own housing agencies  the maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada) and the slum rehabilitation authority (sra)  for paying the railways.
according to the departments orders, the sra will pay rs 300 crore towards the expense, while the mhada will bear a burden of another rs 200 crore.
the state government has also decided to dive into a dedicated funding line  the niwara nidhi  earmarked for building affordable housing for economically weaker sections to raise the remaining rs 300 crore.
the funds will be collected by the drpa, which will then transfer it to the railway land development authority (rlda).
railway officials said that this was perhaps the first occasion when a railway land was being sold.
while chief minister devendrafadnavis has sanctioned a revised plan for dharavi redevelopment in november last year, sources said that formalities for the appointment of the developer were yet to be completed.
incidentally, the drpa, and later, a chief secretary-led committee, had recommended that dubai-based infrastructure company seclink, which had emerged as the top bidder of the rs 26,000 crore project, should be awarded the contract.
a letter of intent in this regard was also issued on march 8.
but the process has since been on hold, leading to questions being raised in certain sections over the governments motive.
meanwhile, on tuesday, the state urban development department announced an intention to modify mumbais development control regulations for the redevelopment project.
as per the governments directives, it has proposed that no premium fee would be collected from the developer while availing compensatory floor space index for the sale component in the dharavi redevelopment project.
it has invited suggestions and objections from the public in this regard.
b'file photo: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: express archive/file) file photo: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: express archive/file)the bjp-led maharashtra governments ambitious scheme of installing five lakh solar agricultural pumps across the state, a pet initiative of chief minister devendrafadnavis , has got off to a slow start with few farmers showing interest in the scheme.
while the government has given a contract for at least 10,000 solar pumps to be installed in the pilot phase, only 6,500 farmers have applied to the government agreeing put up solar pumps in their farms and benefit from the scheme.
of those who have applied, only about 600 farmers have deposited money with the state government for installation of these pumps till now.
we will start the first few installations this month.
meanwhile, we are hoping to get more applications for which we are planning to relax eligibility norms, a senior official from the maharashtra state electricity distribution company ltd (msedcl) said, adding that most of the applications are from vidarbha.
watch video: whats making newsunder the state governments scheme, beneficiaries are supposed to get solar pumps at a highly subsidised rate and will have to pay just 5 per cent of the pumps total cost.
one solar pumps cost between rs 3 and rs 5 lakh, depending on the horse power.
the state government will chip in another 5 per cent, while the union government will provide a subsidy of 30 per cent.
the rest will be raised as debt, which the state will pay.
while the government has received applications from across 20 districts in the state, priority is being given to six districts facing the worst agrarian crises and the highest numbers of farmer suicides.
however, to avail of the scheme, a farmer has to have a landholding smaller than five acres.
the intention was to ensure that the poorest sections of the society benefit from this scheme since the government is providing such a huge subsidy, a msedcl official said.
following the dismal response, the government is now looking at relaxing this to a maximum landholding of 10 acres to include more farmers under the scheme.
officials said the scheme has drawn a poor response also because many farmers are not even willing to shell out 5 per cent of the amount.
besides benefitting farmers, the government rolled out the scheme also to lower industrial power tariffs in the state with industrial units currently paying hefty rates to cross subsidize energy for farmers.
b'a 54-year-old from dhule district allegedly attempted suicide at mantrayalas main gate monday.
the man, identified as baban yeshwant jhote, had worked as a peon with the dhule municipal corporation.
an officer from marine drive police station said, jhote reached mumbai on monday morning and directly went to the mantralaya.
as he was stopped from entering, jhote took out a bottle containing kerosene, and just when he was about to pour kerosene on himself, the security guards posted at mantralayas main gate stopped him.
sub-inspector manoj patil said, we got him (jhote) to the police station and, during the course of inquiry, he stated that he was sacked from the dhule municipal corporation.
he was apparently upset and wanted to meet the officials concerned.
the police said they have recorded jhotes statement and released him.
later, it was revealed that jhote had earlier written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis on april 3, where he had claimed that a scam had taken place in the 1989s recruitment drive for candidates belonging to backward classes.
jhote had demanded a cid inquiry and had threatened to commit suicide if the demand was not met.
chief ministers office had dismissed jhotes allegations, which he had levelled in the letter.
jhotes claims in the letter are misguiding and are against the hcs decision.
dhule civic body has communicated with jhote and two others about their illegal demand, stated a release issued by the cmo.
b'maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis flagship infrastructure project, the rs 46,000-crore nagpur-mumbai super communication expressway, has landed in a fresh controversy.
at a time when a section of farmers affected by the project are putting up resistance, two organisations in the construction industry have objected to the bidding process to award contracts to build the 701-km road corridor.
the national highway builders federation (nhbf) and construction federation of india (cfi) have complained to the pmo objecting to certain provisions in the request for qualification (rfq) document for the project.
they have alleged that these provisions were tailored to favour a handful of players.
both outfits also approached the cmo in this regard.
the bone of contention is that when msrdc first published the rfq on january 2, 2017, the contentious clauses for qualifying bidders were not a part of it.
about 40 players submitted their expressions of interest.
on march 29, 2017, the penultimate date for the bid, this rfq was annulled and a fresh document was published, with the new clauses.
one new condition for qualification pertained to experience in building access-controlled expressways, freeways, motorways, and autobahns worth rs 500 crore to rs 1,300 crore in the last five years.
the nbhf has alleged that the restrictive clause would allow qualification of only a handful of companies, leading to limited competition.
the cfis letter to the pmo shared that opinion.
fadnavis said he was not aware about the objections raised.
the bidding criteria are not decided at the government level.
the msrdc can throw light on these.
but if i receive any memorandum, ill surely look into the case.
however, official correspondence dated april 7, 2017 from msrdc vice-chairman and managing director radheshyam mopalwar to principal secretary, public works department, ashish kumar singh indicates that the provisions, now contested, were incorporated in the rfq on directives issued by the state government on march 10.
the minutes, accessed by the indian express, show the decision on incorporating at least one of the contentious clauses was taken at the same meeting, following the cms missive that the selected contractors must be technically and financially competent.
msrdc has written to the state government to take a call.
mopalwar said: the conditions were incorporated to ring fence the governments requirement to build the specialised expressway in a time-bound fashion.
the government cannot afford delays on account of financial troubles of the contractors.
let us wait for the response the rfq receives.
for now, the due date for the bidding has been extended to may 31.
his mortal remains will be taken to khamgaon at around 10.
30-11 am.
(photo- facebook) his mortal remains will be taken to khamgaon at around 10.
30-11 am.
(photo- facebook)maharashtra agriculture minister pandurang fundkar passed away at a hospital in mumbai on thursday following a heart attack.
he was 67.
he breathed his last at mumbais somaiaya hospital.
he was first admitted to jaslok hospital weeks ago and was discharged after recovering.
he was then admitted to mumbais somaiaya hospital last morning where he suffered a heart attack while undergoing treatment.
chief minister devendrafadnavis and other senior ministers paid their condolences.
his mortal remains will be taken to khamgaon at around 11 am.
fundkar was inducted into the devendrafadnavis government in july 2016.
he was born in 1950 in buldhana and was also known as bhausaheb fundkar.
he also served as the leader of opposition in maharashtra legislative council.
his son akash pandurang fundkar is an mla from khamgaon constituency.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis speaking during a rally ahead of municipal elections in mumbai on saturday.
(source: pti) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis speaking during a rally ahead of municipal elections in mumbai on saturday.
(source: pti)bjp launched its campaign for the pune municipal corporation election on monday by administering oath of transparency, corruption-free administration and good governance to all nominees at historic sinhagad fort near in pune.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is leading the bjp campaign for the polls, has made transparency the main plank.
watch what else is in the newsas many as 162 candidates, including 10 from the bjp ally republican party of india (athawale group), took the pledge in morning.
pmc is currently ruled by sharad pawar-led nationalist congress party (ncp).
the pledge was read by state unit bjp president raosaheb danve, pune mp anil shirole, district guardian minister girish bapat, rajya sabha mp sanjay kakade and bjps pune district president yogesh gogawale.
on the occasion, danve took a dig at the bjps estranged ally shiv sena which recently announced to contest the upcoming polls in ten municipal corporations including bmc, on its own without tie-up with bjp.
when the alliance was formed between bjp and shiv sena for the first time, (sena founder late) balasaheb thackeray and (bjp leader late) pramod mahajan had decided that if the alliance were to be called off in future, both the parties will announce the break up amicably.
now, when the alliance is broken, allegations are levelled and the political atmosphere is being polluted, he said.
danve said bjp made all possible efforts to forge the alliance with sena, which came unstuck.
i advise you not to resort to game of allegations and refrain from polluting the atmosphere by levelling charges against other candidates.
instead, all you should think of development of the city and how to bring funds for development of you own ward, he said addressing the candidates.
claiming common people are happy with the performance of centre and state governments of last two years, danve said the bjp would repeat its winning performance in the elections to ten municipal corporations and 25 zilla parishads, slated on february 16 and 21.
talking to reporters later, danve dismissed reports that money was sought for distribution of bjp tickets at some places.
when asked about senas unrelenting criticism of bjp, danve said such attacks would not affect their poll campaign.
criticism by any party or by any person will not affect us and there is no need to take cognisance of such criticism.
instead of getting into the game of allegations and criticism, we will go to the masses with our agenda and the bjps performance in last two yearsi am sure that bjp will make inroads into pmc and other civic bodies as well, he said.
danve said ncp and congress are the main opponents for his party in the elections.
out of 162 seats up for grabs in pmc, congress and ncp have joined hands for 100 seats and will contest a friendly fight on rest.
chief minister devendrafadnavis at the inauguration in mumbai on friday.
express chief minister devendrafadnavis at the inauguration in mumbai on friday.
expresstwo modernised toilet blocks were inaugurated at the mumbai police commissionerate by chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday.
the blocks are for police personnel working in the mumbai police headquarters and constructed as part of the swachh bharat abhiyaan.
the two toilets have changing rooms, along with modernised toilets that automatically clean the entire area for the next person.
nine similar toilet blocks were opened for public use across the city.
the government is trying to make the country open-defecation free and proper sanitation facilities are required on a larger scale.
these toilets will address sanitation issues nationwide, said fadnavis.
also present were bjp leader shaina nc, actress raveena tandon and cyrus poonawalla group ceo adar poonawalla, who constructed these toilets under clean city movement.
b'amit shah will meet uddhav thackeray at his residence matoshree, mumbai amit shah will meet uddhav thackeray at his residence matoshree, mumbaibjp president amit shah will meet shiv sena president uddhav thackeray on wednesday, setting the stage for possible pre-poll alliance talks ahead of the crucial 2019 lok sabha elections.
shah will meet thackeray at his residence matoshree, mumbai.
shah, who is on an outreach programme in mumbai, is also expected to meet several prominent personalities from diverse fields, including veteran singer lata mangeshkar, industrialist ratan tata and actor madhuri dixit.
later, shah will visit varsha, the official residence of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
he is scheduled to have a meeting with fadnavis and bjp general secretary (organisation) vijay puranik.
the shah-thackeray meeting assumes significance as the top bjp leadership has initiated the process of reconciling political differences with its alliance partners in the nda to present a grand alliance in the 2019 elections.
officially, the bjp described the shah-thackeray meeting as part of the networking and expansion drive launched across country.
the shiv sena described it as a courtesy call.
chief minister devendrafadnavis will accompany shah to matoshree.
senior bjp minister sudhir mungantiwar said, shahs meeting with thackeray is part of the partys national drive, sampark for samarthan (contact for support).
he added, the meeting has nothing to do with the recent bitterness between the parties in the bypolls in palghar or bhandara-gondia.
the bjp and sena are not at war.
they are part of the coalition government both at the centre and the state.
what is so surprising if two top leaders meet, he said.
a senior bjp functionary requesting anonymity said, it is no secret that the bjp is keen on a pre-poll alliance with the sena, which was voiced by shah thrice in the last three months from public forums.
when shah goes all the way to matoshree, it will be with an offer to the shiv sena to consider the proposal for a pre-poll pact to keep the opposition parties away from the centre and the state.
thackerays close aide harshal pradhan said, the doors of matoshree are wide open for one and all.
we have always given due respect to whoever walked to matoshree to greet uddhavsaheb.
however, he clarified that there was no political agenda behind the meeting.
shiv sena mp sanjay raut, a hard critic of bjp leaders, said, the bjp has sought the appointment for a meeting with uddhavji.
therefore, agenda is of bjp and not sena.
he indicated that on matters related to political alliances, final decision will be taken by thackeray.
notwithstanding the official explanations, both sides admitted that relations between the bjp and the sena had soured in the last four years.
a bjp source said, shiv sena showed no refrain from sparing even prime minister narendra modi when it came to use of derogatory language to criticise the policies at the centre.
they continued to use inhouse newspaper saamana to attack the prime minister and other leaders at the centre and in the state.
however, a sena leader countered, the bjp after getting absolute power has given us secondary treatment in decision making which has hurt our ego.
when asked to respond on what would be the impact of the shah-thackeray meeting, a bjp poll manager said, a pre-poll alliance is important to avoid division of votes.
it would also dent the efforts of congress to dent the nda.
secondly, the bjp reckons that the congress cannot align with the sena even if saffron partners contest the elections separately.
a senior sena minister said, by opening our doors for shah, we are also keeping all options open for the 2019 elections.
it will also boost our workers when we fight together against the opposition.
b'sand artist sudarsan pattnaik commemorated the day by making a sand sculpture dedicated to lord hanuman.
(source: twitter/@sudarsansand) sand artist sudarsan pattnaik commemorated the day by making a sand sculpture dedicated to lord hanuman.
(source: twitter/@sudarsansand)renowned sand artist sudarsan pattnaik commemorated hanuman jayanti on saturday by making a sand sculpture dedicated to lord hanuman even as political leaders wished the nation on this pious day.
it is believed that on this day, lord hanuman descended on earth in order to serve the purpose of his eternal master, lord ram.
he, being an unalloyed devotee of lord ram is revered by all ram bhakts.
prime minister narendra modi greeted the nation on the occasion of hanuman jayanti today saying, greetings to everyone on the auspicious occasion of hanuman jayanti.
he tweeted the greetings with an image of himself visiting a temple.
greetings to everyone on the auspicious occasion of hanuman jayanti.
pic.
twitter.com/lfxxnhoqhh  narendra modi (@narendramodi) march 31, 2018 https://platform.
twitter.com/widgets.
jsunion finance minister arun jaitley wished the nation saying, greetings to you all on the occasion of the jayanti of ram-bhakt hanuman.
read | hanuman jayanti 2018: history, importance and significancewest bengal chief minister mamata banerjee said, greetings to all on the occasion of hanuman jayanti.
greetings to all on the occasion of hanuman jayanti  mamata banerjee (@mamataofficial) march 31, 2018 https://platform.
twitter.com/widgets.
jsunion aviation minister suresh prabhu also extended his wishes.
he said, i bow down to lord hanuman, the epitome of devotion and strength on the holy occasion of #hanumanjayanti.
my greetings to all.
i bow down to lord hanuman, the epitome of devotion and strength on the holy ocassion of #hanumanjayanti.
my greetings to all.
pic.
twitter.com/seva0gtkjh  suresh prabhu (@sureshpprabhu) march 31, 2018 https://platform.
twitter.com/widgets.
jsread | happy hanuman jayanti 2018: wishes, images, photos, greetings, messages, whatsapp and facebook statusbjp chief amit shah too extended his greetings on hanuman jayanti by posting a simple message and a photograph.
andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu said, greetings on the auspicious occasion of #hanumanjayanti.
may lord hanuman bless us with greater strength & courage to stand up for the right.
greetings on the auspicious occasion of #hanumanjayanti.
may lord hanuman bless us with greater strength & courage to stand up for the right.
n chandrababu naidu (@ncbn) march 31, 2018 https://platform.
twitter.com/widgets.
jsaicc general secretary, ashok gehlot, said, heartiest greetings on the auspicious occasion of #hanumanjayanti.
lord #hanuman being a source of immense wisdom n energy, also teaches us the values of dedication, patience n to be selfless in our endeavors.
heartiest greetings on the auspicious occasion of #hanumanjayanti.
lord #hanuman being a source of immense wisdom n energy, also teaches us the values of dedication, patience n to be selfess in our endeavours.
may his blessings be upon all pic.
twitter.com/rdmqahvenw  ashok gehlot (@ashokgehlot51) march 31, 2018 https://platform.
twitter.com/widgets.
jsthe official account of congress also tweeted greetings to the nation.
greetings to everyone on #hanumanjayanti.
may lord hanuman bless us all with strength, inc india said on twitter.
greetings to everyone on #hanumanjayanti.
may lord hanuman bless us all with strength.
pic.
twitter.com/x19sck4sub  congress (@incindia) march 31, 2018 https://platform.
twitter.com/widgets.
jskiran bedi, puducherry lt governor, said, happy hanuman jayanti.
we become one with whatever we totally dedicate ourselves to.
.
god &/or his creations.
happy hanuman jayanti.
we become one with whatever we totally dedicate ourselves to.
.
god &/or his creations.
pic.
twitter.com/m1l7urmiud  kiran bedi (@thekiranbedi) march 31, 2018 https://platform.
twitter.com/widgets.
jsmaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted lines from the hanuman chaalisa, which is a hymn dedicated to the diety.
heartiest greetings on the auspicious occasion of #hanumanjayanti, he said.
-      !
heartiest greetings on the auspicious occasion of #hanumanjayanti !
pic.
twitter.com/tpcoozeeah  devendrafadnavis (@dev_fadnavis) march 31, 2018 https://platform.
twitter.com/widgets.
jsmadhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan also extended wishes on the occasion.
,          ,         -     ,       shivrajsingh chouhan (@chouhanshivraj) march 31, 2018 https://platform.
twitter.com/widgets.
union minister nitin gadkari (express photo/file) union minister nitin gadkari (express photo/file)the bjp and the shiv sena may have some differences, but they cant do without each other, union minister nitin gadkari today suggested and wanted the alliance of the two parties to continue.
against the backdrop of acrimony between the two parties during the palghar lok sabha bypoll campaign, gadkari maintained the saffron alliance does not have any ideological differences, adding there are no permanent friends or enemies in politics.
it is an alliance done by (sena supremo) late bal thackeray and (late bjp leader) pramod mahajan on the issue of hindutva and both parties have no ideological differences.
i want the alliance to continue, he said.
he was addressing a press conference here to highlight the narendra modi governments achievements in the last four years.
quoting a marathi proverb tujha majha zame na, tujha vachun karme na (we have lot of differences, but still cant live without each other), he said the situation between the saffron allies was similar to it.
to a query if he would mediate between the two parties ahead of the lok sabha and maharashtra polls next year, gadkari said he was too busy with his ministerial work in delhi and that chief minister devendrafadnavis and state bjp chief raosaheb danve were capable of handling the situation.
asked further whether he would intervene if the bjp asks him, he said, yes i would do so.
anything can happen in politics.
there are no permanent friends or enemies.
on the opposition criticising former president pranab mukherjee for accepting the rss invitation to speak at its function in nagpur, gadkari said, the rss is not pakistans isi.
the rss is an organisation of nationalists.
mukherjees acceptance of the invitation is a good start.
political untouchability is not good, he said.
mukherjee, who has been a congress veteran, has been invited to be the chief guest at the valedictory function of sangh shiksha varg  a training camp for the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh volunteers  at the rss headquarters in nagpur, scheduled on june 7.
the former president has accepted the invitation, an rss functionary said yesterday.
gadkari maintained the saffron alliance does not have any ideological differences, adding there are no permanent friends or enemies in politics.
gadkari maintained the saffron alliance does not have any ideological differences, adding there are no permanent friends or enemies in politics.
to a question on if he would return to state politics, gadkari said, i wasnt interested when i was shifted to delhi as the bjps national president.
now, i like delhi and dont want to come back.
the union minister also said that during the 48 months of the modi government a lot of work was done as compared to the 48 years of the nehru-gandhi family rule.
(these) 48 months have seen a qualitative performance in socio-economic transformation of the country, he said.
we dont say we have fulfilled all the promises.
but the work is in progress.
there is a lot to be done in the agriculture field and also to reduce the petrol and diesel prices, he noted.
no one is satisfied 100 per cent.
acche din (good days) depends on ones belief, gadkari said, when asked about the bjps acche din slogan in 2014 and the present tagline of saaf niyat sahi vikas.
replying to queries on the oppositions demand for reverting to ballot boxes in polls, he said malfunctioning of the electronic voting machines (evms) and voter verifiable paper audit trail (vvpat) machines was a serious thing and the election commission should deal with it.
if the congress wins punjab and forms the government in karnataka, the evms are good and if we win, there is evm problem.
this is immature, he quipped.
the election commission is an independent and impartial body to conduct polls.
the decision whether to shift to ballot boxes from evms is to be taken by the ec, the senior bjp leader said.
downplaying the row over a controversial audio clip of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis exhorting party workers to win the palghar bypoll at any cost and using any means, he said the cms intention behind making the statement was different.
i know fadnavis since his childhood.
he is very cultured and sophisticated.
his intentions of making the particular statement were different, gadkari said.
on the bjps promise of separate statehood to vidarbha region, he said the party was in favour of smaller states.
for creation of a separate state, there is a constitutional provision of two-third majority in parliament.
without congress support, vidarbha cant be created.
whenever we get adequate support, vidarbha will happen, he said.
meanwhile, gadkari said maharashtras irrigation potential is 18 per cent at present.
with the centres support to complete 108 pending irrigation projects in the state, the potential will go up to 40 per cent, he said.
the transport minister said that work on the mumbai-vadodara stretch of the delhi-mumbai expressway project will begin in a fortnight.
the total project is estimated at rs 1 lakh crore and the mumbai-vadodara stretch would cost rs 44,000 crore.
the expressway will pass through the backward regions of madhya pradesh, rajasthan, gujarat and maharashtra, he added.
b'the marine drive police on tuesday registered an fir against sunil mali, the personal assistant (pa) of health minister deepak sawant for sexual harassment.
the complainant has alleged that mali spoke to her inappropriately for over two hours, when she had gone to make a presentation to sawant in march, during the budget session.
in her complaint, the woman has claimed that mali asked her inappropriate and personal questions, and tried to convince her that everyone needed a godfather in the government to get their projects implemented.
following this, she approached chief minister devendrafadnavis , who asked for a probe in the matter.
dcp (zone 1) manoj kumar sharma said that an fir had been registered against mali under sections 354 (a) and 506 of the ipc.
we have recorded the statement of the complainant, based on which the fir was registered, sharma said.
an officer added that they are going through the smses exchanged between the two.
to press the cause of vidarbhas development,political leaders cutting across party lines have come together to apprise the kelkar committee  constituted to take a fresh look at the developmental imbalances in state  of vidarbhas developmental backlog.
the committee headed by economist vijay kelkar will be in vidarbha for two days on september 17 and 18.
the all-party anushesh nirmulan manch (backlog removal forum) will meet the panel on sunday and stress that the regions backlog is far from being removed despite claims to the contrary by the government.
the government is on record saying the irrigation backlog of vidarbha has been removed in financial terms.
it cites about rs 4,000 received as part of the pms package for farm-distressed parts of the region in this regard.
three members of the committee  health activist abhay bang,economist vinayak deshpande and punjabrao krishi vidyapeeth vc vyankat mayande  are from vidarbha.
it is gathered that the vidarbha members will recommend estimating actual assets or output backlog instead of financial backlog.
figures in terms of money wont give an accurate picture of how much improvement has actually happened, a member said.
in 1994-95,a panel led by v m dandekar had calculated developmental backlog of various regions of the state and vidarbhas non-irrigation backlog was put at rs 6,588 crore.
the committee will tour gadchiroli on saturday and will hear politicians and peoples representatives at nagpur on sunday.
polls in three municipal corporations elections on wednesday in chandrapur, latur and parbhani districts of maharashtra recorded 62 per cent turnout of voters.
the polling time was extended till 6.
30 pm factoring in the summer heat.
state election officer j s sahariya said, due to higher temperature the polling time was extended from 5.
30 pm to 6.
30 pm to facilitate people to come out and vote.
while polling in chandrapur was 57 per cent, latur recorded 60 per cent and parbhani 70 per cent turnout.
voting for the 201 seats in the three municipal corporations was held.
the state election commission announced that the polling went off peacefully.
the average turnout in the three civic bodies was about 40 per cent till 3.
30 pm.
after notching up impressive wins in local body polls in ten major cities including mumbai in february this year, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) is aiming to gain control over the latur and parbhani civic bodies.
leaving nothing to chance, the party brought out its big guns, including chief minister devendrafadnavis and union transport minister nitin gadkari and national spokesperson shahanawaz hussain to the campaign for the polls.
the election commission, meanwhile, announced the next leg of local body polls in the state.
polling for three other corporations bhiwandi nizampur, panvel, and malegaon is scheduled for may 14.
the results would be out on may 26.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
pti photo maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
pti photochief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday said the vertical growth of mumbai was inevitable to accommodate the challenges of growth and land constraints in the island city.
the absence of horizontal growth on one hand and the demands to make the city slum free and provide affordable housing with the given limitations on the other, mumbai will have to rise vertically, he said during an interactive session at a function organised by marathi daily loksatta of the indian express group.
watch what else is making newswe have to plan development on only 37 per cent of the available total land, whereas 63 per cent of the remaining is out of bound  encompassed by sea, mangroves and other environment-related aspects, said fadnavis.
referring to the long pending relocation of slums along the mumbai airport, the cm said, the government has intervened to ensure they are not totally displaced.
we have urged the centre to make provisions for the project-hit within a distance of 3 km.
expressing concerns over the delay in slum redevelopment projects, which often got stuck at the stage of letter of intent, he said, we have now indicated that where sra schemes dont move ahead despite 75 per cent consent, it would be open for auction.
the developer who gives highest bid for the project would get the sanction.
we have to make these projects time bound to ensure slum-dwellers dont become victims of vested interests and get caught in ugly fight of developers.
chief minister devendra fadnavis.
chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the state government has turned its focus on developing second- and third-tier cities and towns to take its industrial growth model beyond mumbai-pune.
to begin with, chief minister devendrafadnavis held a meeting with union civil aviation minister ashok gajapati some days ago to seek support for at least 20 cities and towns for better air connectivity by 2017.
in the first phase, the government has decided to start air operations in 10 cities and towns by 2016-end.
these are nanded, shirdi, amravati, gondia, nashik, jalgaon, kolhapur, ratnagiri and sindhurdurg.
at present, nearly 70 per cent of the states industrial revenue is generated from mumbai, pune, nashik and aurangabad districts.
fadnavis and gajapati worked out the air connectivity plan through the regional air connectivity scheme provided under the national aviation policy.
under the state governments make in india and make in maharashtra schemes, there is a concerted drive since february this year to tap unexplored destinations to bring in greater investments, both domestic and foreign.
for that, the government needs to build better infrastructure and bridge the distance between these cities and towns.
in terms of infrastructure development, the government is trying to maximise the central funds under amrut and smart cities projects to improve its infrastructure in second- and third-tier cities/towns.
notwithstanding the centres support, fadnavis has also given his nod for state-financed smart cities project.
amravati is being developed as the textile hub of maharashtra.
similarly, solapur too has greater potential to expand its textile base, said a source.
watch video: whats making newsratnagiri and sindhudurg are being promoted as tourist destinations.
a special konkan development plan has been approved along with rs 350 crore financial allocation.
the government has also sought the help of private players for projects like seaworld.
nashik and jalgaon in north maharashtra have emerged as industrial and agro-industrial sectors.
gondia and nanded in vidarbha and marathwada are other second-rung towns being explored for development.
with opening of mining areas in gadchiroli and chandrapur districts, there is renewed push for regional air connectivity.
phundkar was associated with the abvp during his college days.
he was arrested during the emergency and was imprisoned at akola jail for nine months.
phundkar was associated with the abvp during his college days.
he was arrested during the emergency and was imprisoned at akola jail for nine months.
maharashtra agriculture minister pandurang phundkar died of heart attack in mumbai.
he was 67.
phundkar was admitted to the kj somaiya hospital on wednesday, where his condition deteriorated.
he breathed his last at around 4.
35 am.
top bjp leaders, including chief minister devendrafadnavis , expressed grief and shock over the ministers death.
they rushed to the hospital to pay last respects and meet phundkars family.
phundkars body was flown to his native village, khamgoan, in buldhana district, which was also his constituency in the vidarbha region.
fadnavis said, it is an extremely sad day pandurang phundkar was our most respected leader and cabinet colleague.
we always looked forward to his experience and guidance, specially in the field of agriculture and issues related to farmers.
phundkar was associated with the abvp during his college days.
he was arrested during the emergency and was imprisoned at akola jail for nine months.
he rose through the ranks from the grassroots, beginning from district level politics.
he was the maharashtra bjp president between 2000 and 2003.
his funeral will take place on friday.
slamming the state for its decision to deposit compensation for the flood-affected people in their bank accounts, the congress on saturday wrote to chief minister devendrafadnavis , demanding that the people be given cash.
advertisingsachin sawant, general secretary and spokesperson of congress, said the affected people would not get the financial assistance on time as the flood situation is serious and the banks have holidays for a few days.
earlier, financial assistance was given through cash during natural calamities.
but the government has decided to deposit the amount in individual bank accounts of the people.
when so many lives have been destroyed, it is difficult for them to get passbooks and bank documents.
lakhs of people are still homeless, said sawant.
he further said that the flood water has not receded yet in kolhapur, sangli and satara districts.
so, in such difficult times, it is not right to ask the flood-affected people to queue up before the banks to withdraw money.
it is also not confirmed whether the banks will open due to the flood, sawant added.
on friday, the government had said that it had released rs 154 crore to district collectors for disbursal of assistance to the flood-affected people in maharashtra.
chief minister devendrafadnavis with microsoft india chief anant maheshwari during an event organised by microsoft in mumbai wednesday.
(source: express photo by nirmal harindran) chief minister devendrafadnavis with microsoft india chief anant maheshwari during an event organised by microsoft in mumbai wednesday.
(source: express photo by nirmal harindran)chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday, at a meeting with microsoft ceo satya nadella, said the maharashtra government would scale up the digital partnership between the state and microsoft in tribal and backward districts to further strengthen communication and connectivity.
the objective of expanding the digital transformation in the tribal belt to other core sectors including administration, he said, was to bring an overall quality change in lives of people across sections specially in core areas of health and education, and to open up doors for livelihood.
both fadnavis and nadella, participating in the event titled future decoded, in mumbai, mutually agreed to take ahead the digital transformation for the greater service of humanity.
fadnavis said, i held talks with nadella and conveyed to him that the digital transformation project which has been carried out in harisal in maleghat should be further scaled up in wider sectors across the state.
the microsoft ceo made a special mention of harisal village where digital transformation has worked to uplift the lives of villagers who were cut off from the mainstream development.
during his address at the event, nadella said, to me, the beginning and end of digital technology is to bring the best in the lives of every human being.
in 2015, fadnavis, during his visit to the us, had met nadella where the decision to start the digital project in harisal was conceived and taken to its logical end.
harisal, a tribal village, is the epicentre of malnourishment in maleghat in maharashtra.
microsoft has provided technology support for enhancing communication and connectivity in the remote villages on the hilly terrain.
almost 350 remote hamlets in the malnourished villages have reaped the benefit of the digital transformation projects in the last two years.
fadnavis said, through cloud computing technology and big data analytics, we hope to bring greater efficiency and accountability in the functioning of the administration.
data analytics would help in greater objectivity in policy making, which is essential for flawless execution of any welfare project.
exuding confidence that maharashtra would be a leading state in adopting the digital india revolution, a call given by prime minister narendra modi, the chief minister said.
advanced technology has helped us to bridge the divide between the haves and have-nots.
through effective digital communication, high quality health expertise and education can now reach the villages.
similarly big data analysis will help the government to channel its resources more effectively.
advertisingthe assembly elections in maharashtra will throw a new political permutation and combination.
the opposition leader will be from the vba.
the congress and ncp will not get even 10 per cent seats to qualify for the post, fadnavis told mediapersons at a rally in nanded.
while denying that the bjp had any understanding with the vba, fadnavis said, in lok sabha elections, we saw how the congress was routed.
they did not get 10 per cent seats to make the opposition leader.
they will meet same fate in maharashtra.
in the 288-member state assembly, a party has to win at least 10 per cent of seats to be able to stake claim for the post of the leader of opposition.
advertisingthe vba, which had managed to win just one of the 48 lok sabha seats in the state, had polled a sizeable 42 lakh votes and nibbled away a sizable number of votes which the congress and ncp claimed had helped the bjps cause.
the congress and ncp had also labelled the vba as the b team of the bjp.
claiming that the vba had showed its strength to both the ruling bjp-sena and opposition congress-ncp in the recently concluded lok sabha elections, ambedkar said, now, in state assembly elections we will throw many surprises.
i am glad mainstream parties and leaders have started reckoning us as a political force.
meanwhile, the shiv sena and bjp leaders said the alliance will retain its lead and return to power in the state with thumping majority.
in 2014 assembly polls, the bjp won 122 seats and the sena 63.
the congress won 42 seats and ncp 41 seats.
while committed to contest the upcoming maharashtra assembly elections together by sharing seats equally, the bjp and the shiv sena, allies at both the centre and in maharashtra, are both also preparing to go it alone, it is learnt.
advertisingbuoyant after its success in the lok sabha polls, the bjp appears keen on retaining its dominance in the state assembly  the party currently has 122 seats in the 288-member house.
the sena, which accounts for 63 seats, had been the bigger partner in the coalition until 2014, when both parties ended the 25-year-old alliance on the eve of the last assembly polls.
the sena wanted to contest a minimum of 150 seats, while the bjp wanted the alliance member to climb down.
according to sources in the bjp, many senior leaders  both in the state and at the national level strongly believe that the party is in a position to form a government on its own if it goes solo in the assembly polls.
also read | day after patil seat-sharing remarks: decision will be taken by fadnavis, amit shah and i, says uddhavadvertisinglast week, bjp general secretary in charge of maharashtra, saroj pandey, had told the indian express that the party is preparing to contest on all seats although it wants the alliance to continue.
we work in 288 constituencies and move as if our fight is in (all) 288 seats, she had said.
in fact, our efforts on seats won by the sena (in 2014) are such that we can fight and win there also.
thats how our preparations are.
on tuesday, senas parliamentary party leader sanjay raut told the indian express that bjp president amit shah and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray had reached an understanding before the lok sabha polls that the two parties will contest 135 assembly seats each and leave the remaining 18 to smaller parties.
there have been no formal talks between us on the issue, but we believe this understanding holds, raut said.
but like the bjp, the sena is also gearing up for the possibility of having to contest all seats on its own, sources in the party said.
sources said they were caught unprepared in 2014, as the party leadership never imagined that the bjp would call off seat-sharing talks and fight the elections alone.
we neither had our election machinery in place, nor enough winning candidates to put up a fight, a sena insider said.
(even then) we managed to perform better than expected.
this time, we are ready for any eventuality.
an implementation of the 50:50 formula implies that the bjp will not be in a commanding position after the elections even if its strike rate is better.
the party has to contest on at least 160 seats to get an upper hand and keep the sena under check.
the question being asked in political circles, thus, is whether sena would accept a scale-back on the promised equal share and agree to contest around 110 seats.
sources in bjp, however, said party chief amit shah does not seem to be in a mood to break ties with the sena.
shah is learnt to have given enough indication to the bjps state unit that both parties would fight the polls together.
while maintaining that both parties will retain the seats each had won in 2014, fadnavis had said, after setting aside a few seats for smaller allies, sena and bjp will equally divide remaining seats.
in a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , the maharashtra state cooperative sugar factories federation has urged the cm to intervene and stop the ongoing action against sugar mills by the state sugar commissioner.
advertisingjaiprakash dandegaonkar, president of the federation, said the action, including the threat of firs against chairman and directors of sugar mills, was unfair on the industry at large.
sugar commissioner shekhar gaikwad has issued orders of property attachment against 39 mills whose history of payment for cane purchase was dismal.
this was after raju shetti, swabhimani shetkari sanghatana mp, led over 5,000 farmers to the commissionerate in pune to demand payment on monday.
farmers, who were preparing to sit on an indefinite strike, had relented after gaikwad gave them a written assurance on action against the mills.
advertisingthe order, along with seizure of properties and auctioning them to raise funds for cane payment, also included instructions to file firs against the chairman and directors of sugar mills.
according to the sugarcane control act, 1966, payment of the fair and remunerative price (frp) by the mills within 14 days of cane delivery by the farmer is mandatory.
however, this year, due to liquidity crunch, mills have run up arrears over rs 5,300 crore to date.
of the 191 mills, only 11 mills have paid 100 per cent dues while 39 mills are yet to pay anything at all to the growers.
most mills have paid 80 per cent frp at the first go.
following gaikwads written order, 39 orders for seizure of properties were issued in the next 48 hours.
sanghatana members have ensured the district collectors issue orders to the authorities to start the work of attachment of the properties.
according to procedure, the district collector attaches property, in this case sugar produced, and auction the same to recover the cost to pay farmers.
in his letter, dandegaonkar said mills were faced with a liquidity crunch that has prevented them from paying up.
also, during meetings with the state government, it was assured that no action will be taken on mills who pay the frp in installments, the letter read.
the production cost of sugar, the letter said, was rs 3,400 per quintal while the present selling price is around rs 2,900 per quintal.
its difficult for mills to raise the money to pay the full frp, the letter added.
mills in maharashtra exported 2.
58 lakh tonne sugar last year, but are yet to receive the subsidy of rs 55 per tonne as promised.
similarly, no action has been taken to pay the subsidy for creating a buffer stock.
the sugarcane control order of 1966 does not have any provision for filing firs.we request you to direct the sugar commissioner to desist from doing so, the letter stated.
advertisingthe sugar mills that are facing action have decided to approach the high court to challenge the order.
sugar millers, cooperative and private, are set to meet in pune on monday to discuss the matter.
sharad pawar sharad pawarthe padma vibhushan awarded to nationalist congress party president sharad pawar is being perceived across party lines as a recognition to his contribution to social and public life.
the ruling bjp in the state and the centre said the award should be perceived beyond the realm of politics.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted, heartiest congratulations to sharad pawar for padma vibhushan.
congratulatory notes poured in from congress and shiv sena leaders too.
watch what else is making news:congress leaders however, said such goodwill gestures indirectly impact politics in the state and the centre, arguing that prime minister narendra modi and pawars friendship was no secret and both had stated it in public.
a senior political commentator who has closely followed pawars politics, bharat kumar raut, said, i believe the award should not be linked to any politics.
the award is for pawars contribution in the field of agriculture and cooperative sectors.
nobody can question the immense work and knowledge of pawar in these sectors.
pawar who parted ways with congress to form his own party in 1999, also shared very cordial relations with nda government during former prime minister atal bihari vajpayees government.
the nda had made pawar the chairman of the national disaster management task force.
the bjp leader late pramod mahajan also shared good relations with pawar.
notwithstanding the stated aim and objective behind the award, a larger question discussed in corridors of power is how will it impact the relations between bjp and ncp ahead?
a state ncp leader told the indian express, pawar is our guide and inspiration.
the ncp is a separate party and we would maintain our distance with the bjp.
we have ideological differences.
but where the centre and state moot policies which conform to our politics we will always support.
after the 2014 assembly elections the ncp suo motu declared its support to the bjp-led government in maharashtra.
however, shiv sena stepped in to provide the stability to the government, which was falling short of 22 seats, to reach the half way mark of 144 out of total 288 seats.
the ncps goodwill provides a cushion to the bjp government and keeps the sena on tenterhooks.
it is believed that chief minister devendrafadnavis government has plan b and plan c ready in case sena pulls out support post bmc polls.
the bjp, which does not have a majority in the rajya sabha, always finds support from regional forces like ncp and others crucial to fight the congress.
pawars network with regional parties across the country can also work to modis advantage on critical policy decisions.
the only problem bjp had with ncp in the state is related to corruption.
the anti-corruption bureau is investigating against ncp leaders ajit pawar and sunil tatkare.
sources in the bjp said the fadnavis government would not compromise on corruption.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday ordered a slew of directives including handing over the rights of reconstructing and repairing bridges in mumbai to bmc commissioner.
he also announced free bus rides around markets that are witnessing increased congestion due to ongoing bridge repair works.
advertisingthe cm issued the directives during a meeting with senior officials of the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda), railways, mumbai police and traffic authorities.
the meet was convened in an attempt to find solutions to the congestion and inconvenience caused in the city due to rains and the ongoing bridge repair works across the city.
the bmc has issued order to shut 29 bridges for repair and reconstruction.
the railways, too, is undertaking repair works on 199 foot overbridges and road bridges.
the closure of these bridges has severely restricted traffic, leading to massive snarls on certain stretches.
during the meeting, fadnavis, under the emergency procedure of the disaster management act, decided to hand over the powers of facilitating reconstruction and repair of all bridges to the bmc commissioner.
the move is likely to reduce bureaucratic delays in getting clearances for works on these structures.
advertisingduring the meeting, it was decided that bridge work on the busy, arterial stretches, like juhu tara road, versova and ghatkopar, would be undertaken through the concrete overlay method and completed in three weeks.
the usage of this method would ensure that these stretches can be used for partial traffic flow.
earlier, authorities had proposed to completely shut traffic on these stretches while undertaking repair works.
the new method has been suggested by experts from veermata jijabai technology institute.
the cm also issued directives that in places where work is being undertaken on pedestrian bridges, roads signage should be put in place to specify when the work had commenced and by when it was likely to be completed.
he has also directed that an app be created within the next fortnight which would inform commuters about stretches were work was being undertaken.
the app would also provide alternate routes.
the cm has also directed that if work is being undertaken on roads that are close to busy market places, the state would run free best services within a five km periphery.
chief minister devendrafadnavis message to his new ministers is loud and clear  dont waste time attending felicitation functions and celebrations.
with barely three months to go before the election code of conduct kicks in for the state polls, the cm has asked his new ministers to hit the ground to ensure effective implementation of various development and welfare schemes being run by their respective departments.
with the monsoon session of the state legislature ongoing, fadnavis has also asked his new ministers to be punctual and attentive during the proceedings.
advertisingdrought or draughtthe devendrafadnavis government was left embarrassed last week when it was noticed that the english version of the economic survey report 2018-19 had some odd translations.
among the errors was the literal translation of drought as draught.
while maharashtra is actually facing a severe drought, the english version of the esr would have you believe that the state is reeling from a draught crisis.
senior bureaucrats also admitted that the key document was riddled with poor grammar and incorrect sentence construction.
translations can indeed be tricky.
food for thoughtamid proceedings of the monsoon session, a controversy broke out last week after chicken pieces were found in a vegetarian platter ordered by a government official from the vidhan bhavans canteen.
the official, an employee with the state cooperatives department, raised a ruckus over the episode.
subsequently, the opposition also brought it up during the official proceedings in the legislative assembly, demanding strict action against the canteen staff.
meanwhile, in a separate incident, a probe was also ordered into an instance of water contamination in mantralaya, which saw several employees fall sick.
step asiderumblings within the nationalist congress party continue to be growing louder after its massive defeat in the lok sabha polls.
last week, a section of party workers from nashiks yeola assembly segment approached former deputy chief minister and the belts sitting legislator, chaggan bhujbal, urging him to step aside and give someone else a chance to contest on the partys ticket from the region in the upcoming assembly polls.
sources said that bhujbal was visibly shocked on receiving such a request.
matters of homean ugly fight broke out between two senior bureaucrats recently over a government accommodation near mantralaya.
the matters had come to such a point that the cmo was required to step in.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra cm devendra fadnavischief minister devendrafadnavis friday said the bombay high courts order upholding the ban on slaughter of beef in the state vindicated the governments decision as constitutional.
he, however, said the government would hold adequate consultations with legal experts on the court decision to allow possession of beef brought from other states.
if necessary, we will approach the supreme court, he said.
from the beginning, we have been arguing that the decision to ban beef was driven by agriculture welfare and agro-economics.
there was absolutely no ulterior motive to target any religion or community, he said.
fadnavis said the states only concern on preserving cows and its progeny was to help farmers.
where is the question of linking agro-industries to any religion or community?
he said.
however, critics tried to equate the beef ban as anti-constitutional and also linked it to certain community and religion, which is both highly objectionable and unfortunate, the cm added.
according to fadnavis, while overall the beef ban had been upheld, there were two aspects that had been struck down by the court.
while adhering to the courts directives, we will take a relook at those aspects, he said.
the court said the objective of the ban was to protect the cow and its progeny, not to prevent citizens from eating beef that may be brought from a state or a country where there is no prohibition on cow slaughter.
the court allowed possession of beef procured from other states on the ground that it otherwise amounts to regulating inter-state transportation, which is not under an individual states jurisdiction.
now, this comes in the way of enforcing the ban on possession of beef acquired or transported from states outside maharashtra.
yet, we will discuss this aspects with experts and find a way out.
if there is a provision, we will take up the matter with the apex court, fadnavis said.
the court also struck down the provision in the maharashtra animal preservation (amendment) act, 1976 that put the burden on an accused person found in possession of beef to prove his or her innocence.
the court held that that too infringes on the fundamental rights of a person.
instead, the court feels the burden of proof should rest with the state and prosecution to prove the offence against any individual.
mumbai.
opposition members today created ruckus in the maharashtra legislative council over chief minister devendrafadnavis statements over the farm loan waiver issue.
speaking in the assembly yesterday fadnavis had sought to know from the opposition if it can guarantee that no farmer suicides will take place if a debt waiver is announced.
he had also accused opposition congress-ncp of shedding crocodile tears over the plight of farmers.
leader of opposition dhananjay munde said by not making a statement in the council over the loan waiver issue, the chief minister had shown disrespect to the upper house.
he demanded an apology from leader of the house, minister for cooperation chandrakant patil, for the same.
patil said amid din yesterday he tried to tell the house fadnavis was about to come to the council to make statement, but the chair adjourned proceedings for the day.
the states annual economic survey report was tabled in the council amid noisy scenes.
sunil tatkare (ncp), raising a point of order, argued minister of state for finance and planning deepak kesarkar of shiv sena did not have the moral right to table the report as his party, too, was pushing for farm loan waiver.
the leader of opposition said fadnavis has not set foot in the house ever since the budget session began nine days ago.
munde countered the cms query to the opposition on the loan waiver with his own set of questions.
munde sought to know whether the government would give 50 per cent extra assured support price and ensure 100 per cent procurement of all farm produce.
munde wanted to know whether the government can assure there will be no drought in the state in future.
referring to the recent hailstorms and unseasonal rains in marathwada region, he wanted to know whether the government can stop these natural occurrences.
as the opposition members began raising slogans, deputy chairman manikrao thakre adjourned the proceedings for half an hour.
after the house reassembled, sharad ranpise (congress) said to bail out traders the government scrapped the local body tax (lbt), but it has no money for farmers.
narayan rane (congress) questioned the treasury benches joining the protest over the loan waiver.
the former chief minister advised the ruling bjp, sena ministers and members to quit and hit the streets to seek relief for cultivators.
as the uproar continued, the deputy chairman again adjourned the proceedings for 30 minutes.
amid noisy scenes, the government tabled the economic survey in the afternoon after which chairman ramraje naik-nimbalkar adjourned the proceedings for the day.
chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis chief minister of maharastra devendra fadnavischief minister devendrafadnavis sunday said the jalyukta shivar projects had helped bring 12,500 hectares of land under protected irrigation with an expenditure of rs 5,500 crore.
he said creating the same scale of infrastructure through big dam projects would have cost the state rs 30,000 crore.
during an interaction with farmers in the fifth episode of mi mukhyamantri boltoy, fadnavis said: today, 11,494 villages have become drought free.
the water tables have risen.
the water storage potential increased to 96,000 tmc bringing transformation in the lives of individual farmers in remote villages.
he said the rs 5,500-crore investment through jalyukta shivar had proved a good model to combat drought and make villages water neutral.
as against the target of 1 lakh farm ponds this year, we have already completed 37,000 projects.
of the 68,000 wells, 40,000 have been constructed, said the cm.
he said every eligible farmer could avail the rs 50,000 subsidy for farm ponds through online application, urging farmers to utilise the scheme.
mahindra agav, a farmer from beed district, wanted to know by when all pending projects in the district would be completed.
fadnavis said, almost 9,000 projects have been taken up in 527 villages with allocation of rs 237 crore in beed.
of these, projects in 306 villages have completed.
the ongoing pending works have been expedited and would be completed by june end.
the cm said a district-wise review was taken up every two months with course corrections to resolve the problems.
narrating his personal experience, farmer dabaru gavande from jalna district said, the well in my field which would run dry is now filled with water.
the crop production has increased from 18 to 25 sacks.
gavande wanted to know what measures should they take to ensure no repeat of drought.
to this, fadnavis said, every village gram panchayats and individual farmer should exercise caution to ensure there is no misuse of water.
the general trend is whenever there is plenty of water, farmers cultivate high water-intensive sugarcane.
the farmers should think beyond sugarcane and look for other crops that can also bring higher income.
the thrust on crop patterns is a must.
responding to a question from vijay gundhar of chandrapur on rainwater harvesting, the chief minister said: the government has made it mandatory to make rainwater harvesting in every new development plan.
the awareness is catching up with people and it is a very important aspect to save rainwater.
expressing concern over the long pending gosikhurd national irrigation project, the chief minister said, in the last two years, we have taken concrete measures to tackle all the roadblocks.
revised approvals for the civil works have been cleared.
the project should be completed by december 2019.
popatrao pawar, sarpanch of hiwre bazar village, urged the cm to have the jalyukta shivar projects focus on water recharge and soil erosion.
fadnavis said the emphasis on water recharge projects had been accorded higher priority.
the state monday launched wifi services connecting 500 hotspots across mumbai under the smart city project.
by may 1 next year, the government will extend the free wifi services across 1200 hotspots.
chief minister devendrafadnavis wished mumbaikars happy browsing.
he appealed to people to use the services for public welfare.
the list of hotspots include prominent tourist places such as gateway of india, churchgate, chhatrapati shivaji maharaj terminus, prabha devi, shivaji park, tarapore aquarium, bombay stock market, among various places across eastern, western and harbour railways.
b'new beer, liquor and tobacco manufacturing industries in maharashtra shall not be eligible for incentives under the package scheme of incentives 2013.
a government resolution (gr) to this effect was issued on friday after the decision was taken by a cabinet sub committee headed by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on august 2.
as per the gr, such units will not be given eligibility certificates.
those units which have been already given eligibility certificates will be entitled to incentives as per prevailing rates.
the package scheme of incentives was framed to give a boost to industries in remote and undeveloped areas of the state.
under the scheme, manufacturing units were given incentives like waiver of stamp duty, concessions of electricity tariff among other things.
pune city police lathicharged agitators with hearing impairment when they tried to take out a rally from the commissionerate of social welfare on monday afternoon demanding better educational facilities and reservation in government jobs, among others.
the agitators, however, continued to stage a protest at the spot till late evening.
late into the night, city bjp mp anil shirole said chief minister devendrafadnavis has sought a report on the incident.
advertisinghundreds of people, with hearing impairment, from different parts of the state, mainly associated with the rajyastariya karnabadhir association, had gathered at the commissionerate for social welfare on church road in pune around 10 am on monday.
with the help of interpreters, they went to the office of the commissioner for persons with disabilities, on the same premises, with various demands.
some of the demands were provision of better educational facilities, more teachers who can teach different subjects in sign language, action on those seeking fake disability certificates, appointments and reservations in government jobs, provision of driving licence and providing place for setting up juice centres in government offices and hospitals.
the agitators also opposed the recent transfer of ias officer balaji manjule, who was the commissioner for persons with disabilities, pune.
advertisingaround 2.
30 pm, the protesters tried to take out a rally.
the police stopped them, stating that no permission had been taken for the march.
however, as the agitators started walking and pushed the barricades put up in the area, the police personnel present at the spot lathicharged on them.
atiya hajee, an interpreter for aniket selgaokar, the vice-president of rajyastariya karnabadhir association, said: about 33 agitators got injured in the incident.
our demands are pending for a long time.
today (monday), was our third protest before the commissioner for persons with disabilities.
despite repeated attempts, no government officials or elected representatives came forward to fulfil our demands.
that is why we had organised the protest.
we only tried to walk peacefully without causing any law and order problems.
but still, the police attacked us.
we will be holding a meeting of our office-bearers to decide the future course of agitation and whether to lodge complaint against the police with the higher authorities.
a police team, including the assistant commissioner of police (acp), pritee tipare and senior inspector m m mujawar of bundgarden police station, were on duty at the spot.
agitators had informed about their protest and 1,500-2,000 agitators had gathered accordingly.
but they had not sought any permission for a rally.
as they pushed the barricades, we had to use mild force for controlling them, said acp tipare.
the agitators staged protest in the morning and then held talks with some government officials regarding their demands.
it seems that they wanted an order favouring their demands in two hours.
as it did not happen, they decided to take out a long march to mantralaya, mumbai.
but they had not taken permission for the march.
so, we told them not to take out the rally.
the police was properly co-ordinating with the agitators through their interpreters.
he added: as they started marching, we detained about 150 agitators in police vehiclesthe situation was under control.
but around 2.
30 pm, a leader said something in sign language and after that they started pushing the barricades.
a few police personnel, including me and some policewomen fell to the ground.
some of the agitators also fell on the road.
so, we had to apply minor force to control the situation.
if it was not done in time, a stampede-like situation might have occurred.
a few police personnel got injured while controlling the situation.
mujawar said the police did not lathicharge.
joint commissioner of police (law and order) shivaji bodkhe said: there was neither a lathicharge nor excess use of force.
the police had to step in, otherwise there could have been a stampede.
many protesters could have got injured.
he added: as per the primary information, one of the leaders instigated the others.
because of a sudden chaos, the crowd went out of control, as they pushed barricades and started walking towards the main road.
the police had no option but to step in.
the police said the situation was brought under control after they called additional force.
taslim shaikh, an interpreter who spoke to the media on behalf of agitators, said: by beating up the agitators badly, the police have violated the rights of persons with disabilities (rpwd) act, 2016.
as per the law, the police cannot hit us and use force on us like this.
the agitators have threatened to boycott the lok sabha elections if their demands are not met.
speaking to mediapersons in mumbai, dilip kamble, the minister of state for social welfare and special assistance, said they would be looking into the demands of the agitators and see that steps are taken to resolve their issues.
sharmila yevale, an interpreter, said a delegation had met chief minister devendrafadnavis a few months ago.
we protesters are demanding that the government should publish a notification that will assure that their demands will be met.
the protesters are demanding for new technical institutions for specially abled persons so that they get benefits of jobs.
the protesters are demanding that such institutions should impart knowledge in sign language that will help them learn and improve their skill set.
an official from the disability commissionerate who accepted the letter of demands from the protesters said the protest had started around 9 am.
around 10.
30 am, a few representatives came and handed over the letter of demands.
their demands are justified and we are working on them.
but we have to depend on other government agencies to fulfil the demands.
for instance, the specially abled persons demand technical education, but when we approached few institutes to start such courses, they told us as most of them do not study math and science at the higher secondary level it is difficult to admit them to the technical courses.
sppu is working on designing such courses.
but it is in the pipeline, the official said.
pradeem more, general secretary, state level association of the deaf, said, through interpreter taslim shaikh, that the agitation will continue throughout the night and the decision will be taken in the morning.
shirole said: after the unfortunate incidence of lathicharge by the police in pune, i contacted the honourable chief minister.
he has asked for a detailed report and has asked his colleague in the cabinet, rajkumar badole, the minister for social justice to look into the matter.
advertisinghe added: now, dilip kamble, the state minister for social justice has been asked to coordinate with agitating students, understand their demands and resolve those as soon as possible.
b'narayan rane narayan raneformer maharashtra chief minister narayan rane met bjp president amit shah on wednesday night, intensifying speculation about his joining hands with the bjp and getting elected to the upper house in the march 23 rajya sabha elections.
chief minister devendrafadnavis was also present at the meeting, held in the national capital.
according to sources, fadnavis has been keen on getting rane on board, especially with the uncertainty over his partys relations with ally shiv sena.
rane, a former congress leader, is considered to have a strong support base in the konkan region.
sources said the bjps central leadership also wants to utilise a veteran like him in the 2019 elections, when the bjp may have to face a tough fight to retain its dominance in maharashtra.
however, with the shiv sena and fadnavis preferring to see rane in national politics rather than in the state, the bjp wants him to contest rajya sabha elections, sources said.
a total of 58 rajya sabha seats will be up for polling this month.
these will include six seats from maharashtra, of which the bjp can win three.
sources in the shiv sena told the indian express that the party has no issues if the bjp chooses to send rane to the rajya sabha.
the sena had last year threatened to destabilise the coalition government headed by fadnavis if rane was inducted into the ministry.
the sena opposition, coupled with resistance to his elevation from within the bjp, blocked ranes prospects of getting a state legislative council seat.
he then floated a new organisation, maharashtra swabhiman paksh.
rane is rooted in the konkan region, which accounts for two lok sabha seats  ratnagiri-sindhudurg and raigad  and 12 assembly constituencies.
both parliamentary seats are currently held by the sena.
in fact, senas vinayak raut bagged the ratnagiri-sindhudurg seat by defeating ranes son, nilesh, contesting on a congress ticket.
raigad was won by sena leader and union minister anant geete.
the bjp has to consolidate itself in sena strongholds, given the latters stated position that it will contest the next lok sabha and assembly elections on its own.
sources in the sena said they were not worried about rane joining hands with the bjp after having defeated him and his sons.
the senas bitterness towards rane goes back a long way.
he had parted company with his mentor bal thackeray in 2005 to eventually join the congress amid a lot of acrimony, attributing his exit to his reservations about uddhavs ascendance.
sources said that ranes presence as a minister in the state would have led to constant fights between the bjp and sena.
however, there will be no such possibility if the bjp brings him to the rajya sabha or even makes him a minister at the centre.
a central ministers canvas would be the entire country, whereas we are focused only on our turf  maharashtra, a source said.
rane, who had never made a secret of his chief ministerial ambitions, had to reorient his politics.
but bjp sources said he had to chose only among the options available to him.
sources also added that for the bjp, there would be another problem  rehabilitation of both sons of rane, who were active in politics.
advertisingan eight-member team of experts from japan have already conducted a study of the flood-hit sangli, kolhapur and karad districts in western maharashtra.
the government has decided on a long-term flood mitigation plan to make maharashtra flood-free.
the government is working with a team from japan, fadnavis said.
the brihanmumbai municipal corporation too will take the help of the experts to create tokyo-like water tunnels to prevent mumbai from flooding.
to check whether such system can be created in mumbai a team of civic officials and experts from japan will visit places like frequent flooding areas, lakes and river on tuesday.
on monday, municipal commissioner praveen pardeshi and senior civic officials from the stormwater drain department met two japanese officials involved in creating the water tunnel in tokyo.
advertisingduring the meeting, steps taken by other countries to deal with flooding was discussed.
it was observed that tokyo faces a similar flooding problem like mumbai, and for that they have created huge underground tunnels where floodwater is stored and later released into the sea.
with the help of this, tokyo is now flood-free, said a civic official.
the municipal commissioner has also asked the experts to check if the stored water can be recycled and used for drinking purposes, added the official.
conceding that dam regulation through water discharge alone cannot be a solution to tackle floods, fadnavis said there was a need for a robust, long-term mechanism.
the plan will also involve diverting or lifting surplus water from western-flowing rivers and channelise it in areas hit by drought, such as marathwada, he said.
rss chief mohan bhagwat.
(express archive photo) rss chief mohan bhagwat.
(express archive photo)rss chief mohan bhagwat was on thursday conferred honorary degree of doctor of science (dsc) by the city-based maharashtra animal and fishery sciences university.
maharashtra governor vidyasagar rao awarded the degree to bhagwat, a veterinary doctor by training, at the convocation of the varsity.
he was conferred the degree for his contribution in the field of veterinary sciences and social work.
watch what else is making newsi left working for myself long back.
whatever hard work i do is for the benefit of society and the country, said bhagwat, an alumni of the varsity, after accepting the honour.
chief minister devendrafadnavis and director general of indian council of agricultural research trilochan mohapatra were also present on the occasion.
the rss chief said agriculture and various businesses in the country are dependent on animal husbandry and livestocks.
however, this sector has been long neglected, but now gradually we are realising its importance, he said.
going forward, new research and innovation would be conducted in this sector for which the government should make available required resources, bhagwat added.
fadnavis praised the university and said, it is a proud moment for them to confer this degree to the head of the nations biggest social organisation.
yogesh behl.
yogesh behl.
ncp leader yogesh behl, who is contesting pcmc polls for the sixth time, has emerged as the richest ncp candidate among those who have held key posts in the civic body during the partys rule in the last 10 years.
according to the affidavit filed by behl with the pcmc election office, his collective wealth stands at rs 80 crore, which includes movable assets worth rs 33 crore and immovable assets worth rs 47 crore.
a long time resident of vallabhnagar area in pimpri-chinchwad, behl is known in political circles as the right hand man of his boss ajit pawar.
behl has held the post of mayor, ncp house leader and chairperson of the civic standing committee.
behl has also been instrumental in picking candidates for his party during the elections.
he has won elections for five consecutive terms from vallabhnagar-sant tukaramnagar area.
this time, he is contesting from kasarwardi-sant tukaramnagar area.
watch what else is making newsaccording to his affidavit, behl owns agricultural and non-agricultural land in pimpri-chinchwad, pune city and outside the limits of pimpri-chinchwad.
the affidavit identifies his immovable properties in bhosari, akurdi, moshi, baner, ravet, mulshi, wadgaon, chakan and bopkhel.
he also owns land in baramati, the hometurf of pawar family.
he has a bungalow in vallabhnagar area.
the affidavit states that behl has around rs 33-crore worth of movable assets and rs 47 crore in immovable assets.
his annual family income is pegged at rs 3.
31 crore.
when contacted, behl said his actual investment was rs 27 crore.
but as per the current market value, the worth of the property is rs 80 crore.
besides, i have a loan of rs 24 crore, he said, adding he had bought those properties years back and today their worth has shot up.
behl said he owns three industrial units and four vehicles.
on two vehicles, he said loan has been cleared while on other two, the loan is outstanding.
behls long-time rival yashwant bhosale, who is again contesting against the ncp leader, said, behl had been a worker with an industrial unit two decades back.
and now he owns huge properties.
the transformation in his fortunes is baffling, he said.
bjp general secretary sarang kamtekar said chief minister devendrafadnavis , who was in town on thursday, has already promised to launch an investigation into ncp activities.
kamtekar said the rise in wealth of behl and other ncp leaders shows what all had been happening in the ncp regime in pimpri-chinchwad.
behl has shown his wealth as rs 80 crore, it could actually be more than that, kamtekar alleged.
behl said there is nothing illegal about his wealth.
each and every penny has been accounted for.
my accounts are regularly audited.
i pay over rs 4 crore tax, he said, adding that he had been honest in his dealings.
apart from behl, other top ncp leaders who have held important posts in pcmc include mangala kadam, ajit gavahne, prashant shitole and atul shitole.
mangala kadam and prashant shitole are former mayors.
gavahane, prashant shitole and atul shitole have held the chairmanship of the standing committee.
all have properties running into crores, as per their affidavits.
mangala kadam, who was the ncp house leader in the outgoing pcmc general body, has properties worth around rs 5 crore.
prashant shitole, who is contesting as an independent, has property worth rs 8 crore, gavahane rs 5 crore and atul shitole over rs 3 crore.
when contacted, the family of mangala kadam said there are several ancestral properties whose worth has escalated over the years.
what is bothersome is that the election commission has directed candidates to mention the purchase price of vehicles.
though a vehicle purchased years back has depreciated in value, the ec says candidates should mention their purchase price which is a wrong practice, the family said.
aurangabad cp milind bharambe aurangabad cp milind bharambeaurangabads acting police chief milind bharambe on monday said that the police were outnumbered by the mobs last week despite swiftly attending to every call about tension or violence in various pockets of the city.
this, coupled with rumour-mongering, led to last weeks rioting, he has told the maharashtra home department.
in his report to the department, bharambe has detailed what led to the riots and has described the police action thereafter, said sources privy to the report.
on monday, maharashtra police also ordered a probe on whether policemen allowed a free hand to rioters.
the probe was ordered after a seven-minute video emerged, showing policemen purportedly turning a blind eye as rioting continued.
we are probing the allegations and an inquiry is under way, dgp satish mathur told the indian express.
on the probe into the video, bharambe said, we have got the video and are trying to ascertain if the policemen seen in the video failed to rein in the mobs and allowed them a free hand, or they were moving with the civilians to nab the miscreants while attending to a call by a local.
if they were found to be hand in gloves with rioters, stringent action would be taken against them.
according to bharambes report to the government, riots began in gandhinagar area, where clashes broke out between two communities late friday after the local administration cut off water connection to an unauthorised shrine.
earlier in the day, water connection of a mosque had also been disconnected, leading to rumours on social media about water supply being disconnected to some places of worship.
the tension in gandhinagar consequently spread to neighbouring marketplaces of motikaranja, shahganj, jinsi, rajabazar, saraf bazar and nawabpur.
after the drive carried out by the civic body, a lot of rumours started spreading and this led to the riots spreading in the neighbouring pockets, said a senior home department official, who reviewed the report.
while the police were quick to react and respond to every call of law and order breakdown, however, when they reached the spot, they were outnumbered by the rioters.
rumours were another reason why riots spread in the city, the official said, quoting the report.
on monday, curfew continued to be in place in some areas.
follow the indian express coverage on karnataka assembly election results 2018.
the bjp and the party-led government have served separate show cause notices to mla anil gote for repeatedly making critical comments about maharashtra legislative council.
parliamentary affairs minister girish bapat today informed the legislative council that gote has been given three days to respond to the notice, failing which disciplinary action will be initiated against him.
the bjp mla from dhule in north maharashtra has been pressing for abolition of the council, but has found no support either from the party or the government.
his demand has evoked sharp reaction from the members of the upper house.
raising the issue, hemant takle (ncp) said despite chief minister devendrafadnavis clarifying that the bjp and the government do not endorse gotes demand, he kept reiterating his stand while talking to the media.
seeking a breach of privilege motion against gote, takle said chairman ramraje nimbalkar should take cognisance of the issue.
neelam gorhe (shiv sena) said gote, while speaking to tv channels, has himself said he is ready to face a privilege motion as this will allow him to put forth his stand.
the bjp mla is misleading people and has defamed the house.
he has sought to create an image that no pro-people work takes places in the upper house.
his comments create a suspicion that he has some backing, she said.
however, bapat maintained it is wrong to say gote enjoys some kind of support on the issue.
the chief minister has already given a statement, which reflects the stand of the bjp as well as the government.
as parliamentary affairs minister, i have served him a notice over his comments and he has been asked to respond within 3 days,, bapat said.
(maharashtra bjp president raosaheb) danve has also served a similar notice and asked him to clear his stand.
if he does not do so in 3 days, the party and the government will take disciplinary action against him, he added.
nimbalkar asked the government to inform the house about gotes explanation when it is received.
the bjp mla has been arguing that the council has no constitutional rights and it stalls laws passed by the assembly.
even before the dust settles on bjps landslide lok sabha election win, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis office has already switched into mission mode for the upcoming assembly polls.
fadnavis himself is not leaving anything to chance.
on monday, he has convened a war room meeting to review implementation of big ticket infrastructure projects, including mumbais metro rail systems, hi-speed rail corridor, big dam and railway projects.
with the opposition continuing to target the government over drought, sources said that the cmo is also working round the clock to oversee the implementation of drought relief measures.
advertisinghands onajoy mehta has got down to the job after taking over as the states chief secretary.
he has been conducting department-wise meetings with secretaries and officials every day to review department activities.
according to sources, all department heads are being directed to make detailed presentations regarding the implementation of various schemes, the inter-departmental issues, and scheme budgets.
as the head of the state bureaucracys, mehta wants to know the functioning of all departments, said sources.
double whammythe lok sabha elections were a double whammy for two sitting congress mlas  kunal patil and bhausaheb kamble  who were in the fray.
not only did they lose, they were also ousted by voters in their own assembly segments.
patil, who had challenged union mos (defence) subhash bhamre in dhule, was lagging by over 1 lakh votes in the dhule (rural) assembly segment, which he represents.
similarly, kamble, who had contested the shirdi lok sabha seat, conceded a lead of over 21,000 votes in his assembly belt of shrirampur.
vidhan sabha elections are still five months away, but within the congress, there is a section that isnt in favour of their renomination for the state polls.
bigger sharemaharashtras representation in prime minister narendra modis council of ministers is all set to go up.
with state polls a few months away, sources said the bjps leadership plans to offer more ministerial berths to newly-elected mps from the state.
in modis first term, five lok sabha mps from the state  four from the bjp, one shiv sena  were offered berths in modis council of ministers.
sources said the sena alone is vying for two additional berths this time.
meanwhile, speculation is also rife that cm fadnavis will rejig his own cabinet.
long waitafter a near ten month wait, the drought-hit state finally got a full-time agriculture secretary this past week.
eknath dawle, a 1997-batch ias officer who was holding the charge in additional capacity, has now been appointed department head on a full time basis.
the post had fallen vacant last august.
according to sources, the cmo was initially keen to offer the position to a senior bureaucrat who is currently on deputation with the centre.
but this did not work out.
meanwhile, additional chief secretary j mukherjee, who was on central deputation for about three years, had rejoined the state cadre.
there are whispers in the corridors that fadnavis will soon carry out the long pending transfer of senior bureaucrats.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis and shiv sena party chief uddhav thackeray.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis and shiv sena party chief uddhav thackeray.
the bjps condition of a transparent administration as integral to a pre-poll alliance with the shiv sena became a stumbling block in the first formal negotiations between the two parties, which began here in mumbai.
while the bjp dwelt on transparency as mandatory for the pre-poll alliance, the sena demanded to know its exact definition and how it would be applied in the electoral context with ten municipal corporations and 25 zilla parishads across maharashtra going to polls on february 16 and 21.
watch what else is making newsmondays meeting was confined to pre-poll talks for mumbai.
at the end of a two-hour meeting, both sides decided that chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray should resolve the agenda of transparency categorically to facilitate further discussions related to seat-sharing formula and related aspects.
late evening, members from the ruling alliance met to explore the possibilities of a tie-up for the brihanmumnbai municipal corporation elections.
the meeting remained inconclusive with the entire discussion revolving around the word transparency.
the bjp was represented by bjp state chief raosaheb danve, education minister vinod tawde, housing minister prakash mehta and mumbai bjp chief ashish shelar.
senior leaders anil desai, anil parab and ravindra mirlekar represented sena.
desai said, we have impressed upon the bjp to first resolve their agenda of transparency at the higher level of leadership before we can further proceed with seat-sharing talks.
describing the meeting as cordial, shelar said, it was a preliminary meeting.
it has been decided that our agenda of transparent administration would be discussed at the level of our top leaders uddhav thackeray and devendra fadnavis.
both the sena and bjp leaders indicated that they expected the talks to conclude by january 21.
earlier, at a state bjp executive conclave in thane last thursday, the cm had said the bjp was keen on an alliance with the sena.
but our condition is there should be transparent administration and greater accountability, he had said.
the senas three-member team demanded to know what was the necessity of setting up an agenda for pre-poll talks.
a senior bjp minister present at the meeting said, the sena does not like our terms and agenda.
it wants us to clarify before we can proceed with seat sharing talks.
b'3.
19 lakh rats killed in 7 days?
bjp leader eknath khadse wants a probe.
(file photo) 3.
19 lakh rats killed in 7 days?
bjp leader eknath khadse wants a probe.
(file photo)in a startling revelation, bjp leader eknath khadse alleged thursday that the company awarded a contract for pest control in the state secretariat has claimed that it killed 3,19,400 rats in seven days.
the work order to a private company was given by the general administration department of the maharashtra government, under chief minister devendra fadnavis.
a former minister, khadse told the vidhan sabha there was something rotten which needed a thorough investigation to get to the rats playing hide and seek in governments headquarters at mantralaya, the state secretariat.
a company which was given the award for killing rats has claimed it killed 3,19,400 rats within seven days in mantralaya, he said.
raising more questions, he said, can there be so many rats in mantralaya?
and would it be ever possible to execute such an exercise within seven days.
dismissing such statistics and claims as bizarre, he said, the government should conduct a probe in the entire matter.
the government will probe the matter to ascertain the facts about the company, tender process and job.
the government will probe the matter to ascertain the facts about the company, tender process and job.
the brihanmumbai municipal corporation has managed to kill six lakh rats in two years in the entire city of mumbai, he said, which begs the question of where has the private company spotted so many rodents.
the gad issued the work order to the company based on a survey which allegedly said there were 3,19,400 rats in mantralaya and the company was given six months to get rid of them all.
if these statistics are true, it means they had to kill 45,628.
57 rats a day.
now, those 0.
57 must be the new born ones, khadse said.
he also said that it must be a super-efficient company to have been able to kill 31.
68 rats every half minute, evoking laughter in the state assembly.
the total weight of these rats which were killed would be 9,125.
71 kg.
it would mean one truck would be required to carry the dead rodents and get them disposed.
strangely, he said, nobody in the mantralaya had seen this exercise conducted.
unwilling to let the issue go, khadse wondered why the government did not deploy ten cats to do the job.
now, if they had set the cats loose it would have worked effectively and free of cost, he said.
in his reply to a debate on budgetary demands, maharastra minister of state for gad, madan yerawar said, the government will probe the matter to ascertain the facts about the company, tender process and job.
bjp mla charansingh waghmare, who sought information on the alleged irregularities under rti said, the contract was given to a labour society.
it was for six months.
it was reduced to two months.
but the company claimed the work was over within seven days.
the bill book shows the work was done within the period between may 3 and may 10, 2016.
he also said,  there was no tendering process was followed.
i have already complained this matter to chief ministers office.
i have sought a probe.
b'district guardian minister girish bapat district guardian minister girish bapatdistrict guardian minister girish bapat and mp amar sable have scotched speculations that chief minister devendrafadnavis will change the names of two nominations related to co-opted corporators.
their clarification has come on the eve of the civic general body meeting on friday which is slated to ratify the nominations of two bjp leaders as co-opted corporators.
bapat in fact is going to ensure that the two names are ratified by the civic general body meeting where the bjp enjoys a majority.
bapat himself will remain present at pcmc headquarters when the meeting will take place.
there is not going to be any change in regard to the two nominations.
the chief minister has made the decision and it is final, bapat said.
.
similarly, sable who two days ago had met fadnavis in mumbai, said, the cm has categorically told me that the three names that he had nominated as co-opted corporators will remain and there will not be any change in them.
fadnavis had nominated bjp leaders babu nair, mauli thorat and moreshwar shedge as co-opted corporators.
their names have been submitted to the pcmc commissioner who will initiate the ratification process in the civic general body meeting.
while the disgruntled bjp leaders are not opposing the nomination of shedge, they are opposing the nominations of nair and thorat.
leaders like raju durge, sujata palande, rajesh pillay are in the front of their opposition to the two names.
the disgruntled leaders have said nair and thorat had worked against party candidates in the february civic elections.
both leaders have denied the allegations, saying that they can never imagine working against the party.
neither have any criminal record and are known for close rapport with grassroots workers.
mla laxman jagtap and mla mahesh landge, the two architects of bjps victory in pcmc, are reportedly upset over the denial of nominations to their close associates.
last week, several bjp leaders had created a ruckus at the party headquarters in pimpri by raising slogans against mp amar sable and another bjp leader sachin patwardhan.
bjp leaders said bapat has apparently been asked by fadnavis to ensure that there are no hiccups and the ratification process takes place smoothly.
the leaders said there is a fear that corporators supporting jagtap and landge might oppose the names and refuse to ratify them.
with jagtap, you never know what will happenhe is capable of pulling off a coup.
therefore, the general body may spring a surprise, you never know, said a bjp leader on condition of anonymity.
jagtap had recommended the names of his close aides sarang kamtekar and amar moolchandani while mahesh landge had recommended his associate yogesh landge.
both were rejected by fadnavis.
when contacted thursday, jagtap denied that there would be any problem regarding the ratification of the two names.
if there is a problem, it would be about mistakes in the nomination formsotherwise there will be no problem.
my recommendations have been rejectedwhatever has happened has happened, he said.
pcmc chief shravan hardikar was not available for comment.
dr.ajit nawale dr.ajit nawalein a meeting chock-a-bloc with lok sabha mp raju shettis diehard supporters, it takes special courage to interrupt the charismatic farmer leader and refrain him from addressing them.
dr ajit nawale (40) has, however, over the past fortnight carved out a niche for himself by carrying out such audacious acts during the farmers movement.
from walking out of a meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis to asking shetti to sit back and allow others to speak at a rally in nashik, nawale has emerged as the driving force and the poster boy of the second phase of the farmers agitation in maharashtra.
i only asked shetti sir to postpone his speech so that more farmers could put forth their opinion on the subject.
as far as walking out of chief minister devendrafadnavis meeting, it was important as someone needed to call the governments bluff, says nawale.
he acted as the catalyst for the second phase of the agitation that could have ended on the early morning of june 3 when a delegation of farmer leaders, including nawale, met fadnavis at his residence.
as the delegation was cajoled by fadnavis to call off the strike, a fuming nawale walked out, claiming that the government was taking farmers for a ride and he was not going to be a part of this capitulation.
the cm wanted the delegation to say that the government was committed to loan waiver and benefiting farmers, but isnt that what all political parties have been saying for years?
there was no concrete solution or proposal given by the state, which wanted us to call off the agitation without meeting any of our demands, says nawale.
a fuming nawale then held a press conference right outside the cms residence, claiming the government had taken farmers for a ride and the members of the farmers core committee seemed to have capitulated in front of the state.
so strong was the backlash against the members of the core committee which met the cm that many of them have refrained from going back home, fearing violence.
i only wanted to ensure that we shared with farmers what the government had to offer and call off the strike only after getting their feedback.
this, however, did not happen, says nawale, an ayurvedic doctor, who runs a small hospital in akole taluka in ahmednagar district.
born in a farmers family, nawale has had an early political initiation into the communist and farmer movement in the state.
he is general secretary of the maharashtra kisan sabha, the farmers wing of the cpi (m).
while many sceptics have questioned the demands of loan waiver being made by farmers because of its economic feasibility, a section has also questioned the polarising effect that communist parties represented by nawale have had on the movement.
they do not leave room for any kind of negotiations.
they are an adamant lot.
moreover, nawale was not even a part of the original committee.
rather than look for solutions, they are keen on getting into a confrontation with this government for their larger political gains, says a member of the committee that was previously negotiating with the government.
nawale, however, brushes aside these claims and says that farmers are open to any form of negotiations.
he says, we do not want loan waiver due to political considerations.
we want a loan waiver to alleviate the conditions of farmers and find a concrete solution which would break this vicious chain of exploitation.
this government should at least come up with some proposal and then we can talk over it.
the problem is the government has nothing to offer and wants us to accept its hollow assurances.
nawale, too, has his set of supporters who vouch for his dedication to the farmers cause.
he is sharp and has a deep understanding of the issues that affect farmers in the country, says activist giridhar patil.
for others like peasants and workers party leader and mlc jayant patil, nawale represents the growing assertion by farmers who are seeking their rights.
he is a leader who we need to thank because he was the only one who had the courage to challenge the chief minister in his own house and call his bluff even as others with him sat compliant in front of the government, says patil.
on the emergence of young leaders, including chandrashekhar azad who is leading dalits in saharanpur and hardik patel in gujarat, nawale says he does not see himself in the same league.
the work that we do are different and i do not see myself in the same bracket.
i am only a young farmer who is looking at facilitating a fair system so that my family and the farmers community can live with dignity, he says.
sources in both parties said discussions were held between three leaders each from the sena and the bjp through informal telephone conversations.
the sena leaders included pwd minister eknath shinde, mp anil desai and sena president uddhav thackerays personal secretary milind narvekar.
they spoke to fadnavis and senior bjp ministers sudhir mungantiwar and chandrakant patil.
with the sena winning 84 wards in the bmc polls and the bjp 82, neither could have crossed the halfway mark without the support of another group or horse-trading.
our view was to work as per the mandate given by the people for transparency,mungantiwar told the indian express sunday.
on friday, after the cabinet meet held at the cms official residence varsha, sena ministers reportedly had a direct conversation with fadnavis about the bjp extending support to the senas choice of candidate for the mayoral election.
shinde, a sena leader from thane, was selected to present the partys case to the cm.
the cabinet meet was convened so that the sena ministers should get a chance to speak to fadnavis without attracting the medias attention, said a senior shiv sena leader.
subsequently, fadnavis and thackeray spoke on the phone friday night, for the first time since the bmc poll results, the leader added.
on saturday, at a meeting of senior sena leaders held to finalise candidates for the mayor and deputy mayor positions, discussions revolved around whether the bjp would offer unconditional support.
speaking to the indian express, eknath shinde said, our view was very clear, that sainiks and their views are more important to us than the post of mayor or deputy mayor.
thats what we told the bjp leadership.
we also told them that we were undertaking the due process about mayoral elections and asked them to take a decision about the elections.
bjp leaders said the sena sought cooperation in the mayoral polls.
since the beginning, the sena leadership was of the view that the centre and the state government were with the bjp and that the sena should be allowed to control the bmc.
we also didnt want to run a government with a sword of uncertainty hanging over us.
we have eight other municipal corporations in the state where we will do a lot of work for the people to see, said a senior bjp leader.
the leader added that the matter was then discussed in the core committee meeting and a decision announced.
on saturday, fadnavis announced that the bjp would not contest the polls for the post of mayor, deputy mayor and chairmanship of any of the bmc committees.
also, the bjp would not stake claim as an opposition party but play the role of custodians of transparency in the bmc, he added.
leaders of both parties said it now appeared highly unlikely that the sena would withdraw support from the government after it received a safe passage in the bmc.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)alleging that the previous loan waiver scheme was plagued by frauds, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today asked the officials to ensure that the new scheme benefits only the needy farmers.
amid farmers agitation over the last two weeks, the bjp-led state government has announced that it would come out with a new farm loan waiver scheme.
the upa government had announced a country-wide farm loan waiver in 2008.
there were massive scams (in the previous scheme) and cag report on it is an eye-opener for all of us.
people with a loan of over rs 80 lakh got the benefit of waiver.
some beneficiaries were not even farmers, fadanvis said, addressing a meeting of district collectors and other revenue officials here.
some banks, having written off certain loans, revived those accounts and got the loans waived when the scheme came, the cm said.
we are implementing a loan waiver scheme now.
it is our collective responsibility to make sure that the needy, poor and debt-ridden farmers get its benefit, fadnavis said, adding that the collectors should ensure that rich farmers do not take its advantage.
we will have to strive hard to keep these people away and for that we will have to carry out a massive (scrutiny) exercise in the next two-three months, he said.
as the monsoon has arrived, the government has decided to extend an advance of rs 10,000 to small farmers for seeds and fertilisers, he said.
we have decided to be lenient (about formalities) and the advance will be given on the basis of self-certification, he said.
officials, therefore, shouldnt insist on documents while sanctioning this amount to farmers, he said.
the maharashtra state cabinet on thursday modified the names of mumbai airport as chhatrapati shivaji maharaj international airport and mumbai railway station as chhatrapati shivaji maharaj terminal.
the word maharaj was missing in the earlier names of the airport and railway station.
so, the cabinet gave its consent on thursday.
the term, maharaj, has been added out of reverence to warrior king chhatrapati shivaji.
often, people across state and outside describe the king as shivaji maharaj.
the decision to modify the name of the airport and railway station in mumbai by introducing additional word maharaj is perceived as a tactical move on the part of the ruling bjp-led government to convey its respect for shivaji and pacify marathas who have been holding rallies across the state.
in the wake of the maratha politics being played out in the ongoing winter session at nagpur and the marathas threat to hold a rally on december 14, the government is trying to address concerns of all sections and communities.
at present, fadnavis holds the home portfolio.
thackerays (in pic) comments came after a local sena leader, sachin sawant, was shot dead on april 22.
(express) at present, fadnavis holds the home portfolio.
thackerays (in pic) comments came after a local sena leader, sachin sawant, was shot dead on april 22.
(express)shiv sena president uddhav thackeray on wednesday lashed out at the maharashtra government led by chief minister devendrafadnavis , saying it was good for nothing, and demanded a separate home minister for the state.
at present, fadnavis holds the home portfolio.
thackerays comments came after a local sena leader, sachin sawant, was shot dead on april 22.
prior to it, two shiv sena leaders were shot dead earlier this month in ahmednagar district after the result of a civic bypoll there was announced.
the fadnavis government is good for nothing.
the situation here is worse than that in bihar.
it is now time the government appoints a separate home minister for the state, thackeray said, addressing reporters in ahmednagar district.
he demanded that noted lawyer ujjwal nikam take up the case of killings of two sena leaders in ahmednagar.
thackeray said he had spoken to nikam about it.
if a sainik takes law in his hands against a gangster, a case should not be lodged against us.
this should be the responsibility of the administration, thackeray said and demanded death penalty for those behind the killings of sena leaders.
put an end to hooliganism prevalent in the state or do not take the name of chhatrapati shivaji maharaj.
whichever party the perpetrators may belong to, they should get the strictest of punishment, the sena chief said.
if the bjp follows the mantra of inducting criminals into the party to win elections, then acche din (good days) will never come, he said.
b'according to the dgca, there were four people on board and two crew members.
according to the dgca, there were four people on board and two crew members.
a chopper flying with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis crash landed in nilanga in latur, maharashtra on monday.
the helicopter developed a technical snag during take off causing it to crash land.
the chief minister and the team in the chopper have escaped unhurt.
our helicopter did meet with an accident in latur but me and my team is absolutely safe, nothing to worry, devendrafadnavis tweeted.
our helicopter did meet with an accident in latur but me and my team is absolutely safe and ok.
nothing to worry.
devendra fadnavis (@dev_fadnavis) may 25, 2017the minister was equipped with six other members in the team and two crew members.
the chopper crashed within minutes after the take off.
as the chopper had not attained much height, major accident was averted, one of the team members said.
fadnavis was accompanied by pravin parrdeshi, principal secretary,forests , maharashtra government.
the cm also released a video assuring of the safety of his team.
fortunately, i have the blessings of more than 11 crore people of maharashtra so i have escaped without any injuries, speaking to ndtv he said.
he also said that his vitals have been checked and that he is stable.
at the scene of the chopper crash.
(express photo) at the scene of the chopper crash.
(express photo)fadnavis has said there will be the regular dgca inquiry in the incident.
it was new helicopter, only 6-7 years old.
it can be counted among the good helicopters.
the dgca will inquire into the incident, he said.
once again, im saying, theres no reason for anyone to worry.
im absolutely fine, he said.
maharashtra government sikorsky helicopter vt-cmm took off from nilanda se of latur at 12 pm.
there were 6 persons on board including 2 crew members.
honorable cm of maharashtra was also on board, a senior official of directorate general of civil aviation (dgca) said.
after take-off, pilot found variable wind pattern.
pilot decided to land back.
during landing, the helicopter got entangled in wires.
the helicopter has sustained susbtantial damage.
all 06 persons are safe and escaped unhurt.
spoke to commander of the flight as well as honble cm.
both informed well being of all occupants, he addedat the site of the crash in latur.
(express) at the site of the crash in latur.
(express)earlier in may, fadnavis had to travel by road from the naxal affected gadchiroli district to nagpur after his chopper developed a technical snag before take off, police said.
prime minister narendra modi.
(file photo) prime minister narendra modi.
(file photo)prime minister narendra modi will be visiting nagpur for two government programmes on april 14.
he will also attend an event at deekshabhoomi to mark the birth anniversary of b r ambedkar.
modi will dedicate to nation five power units  three at koradi thermal power station near here and one each at parali and chandrapur power stations of state power company mahagenco  at the first programme.
his second event would be a draw of lottery at the sports complex in mankapur area of the city to announce winners of the month-long bhim app campaign of the central government.
the programme organised by niti aayog was earlier slated to be held at new delhis talkatora stadium.
it was shifted to nagpur at the instance of chief minister devendrafadnavis following imposition of the model code of conduct for the delhi municipal elections.
the third engagement of the pm is a visit to deekshabhoomi to pay respects to ambedkar.
the police and the district authorities, however, have not received the pms full itinerary yet.
the authorities may face a piquant situation as jawaharlal nehru university student kanhaiya kumar, who has spared no opportunity to criticise modi, is also scheduled to visit deekshabhoomi around 9 am the same day.
he will arrive in the city a day before to release the marathi translation of his book, bihar se tihar.
speaking to the indian express, a senior police officer said, we havent received the pms schedule yet.
we hope that the two visits to deekshabhoomi will not clash.
we cant let the situation take any turn that could leave any chance for any unseemly inferences being drawn.
so, we will allow kanhaiyas visit to go unhindered unless exigency demands something otherwise.
the other speculation is about whether modi will visit the rss headquarters.
officials said they had not been told anything in this regard.
a senior functionary of the rss communication wing said, no visit is due of the pm to the sangh headquarter on april 14.
none of the top rss leaders, including mohan bhagwat and sarkaryawah bhaiyyaji joshi, is in town on the day.
bhagwat is out till may 8 and bhaiyyaji is also on tour.
he added: the top rss functionaries are generally out during summer to visit the annual third-year training camps of swayamsevaks across the country.
nagpur is the last one to host the all-india camp, which is beginning around mid-may this year.
bhagwat will be back in the city for two days on may 8 and will again be off for about a month to return to the city for the valedictory function of the nagpur camp.
as it is, no pm has ever visited the rss headquarter located in mahal area.
former pm atal bihari vajpayee had visited the memorial to rss founder k b hedgewar and his successor guruji golwalkar in reshimbagh area of the city, where he had also met narayanrao tarte, who had inducted vajpayee into sangh shakha.
(express photo by nirmal harindran) (express photo by nirmal harindran)in order to inspect the operations of the world bank-supported suburban rail system in mumbai, ceo devendrafadnavis took a local train from churchgate on tuesday.
this is georgievas first official visit to the country.
according to a statement released by the world bank, she will also be holding discussions with finance minister arun jaitley and other key policy-makers.
india is our biggest middle income client.
its economic growth influences global growth.
its achievements in health and education contribute to the world achieving the sustainable development goals.
i am keen to learn more as india is a laboratory for the world to learn about what works in development and to find new ways to collaborate, georgieva said.
(express photo by nirmal harindran) (express photo by nirmal harindran)(express photo by nirmal harindran) (express photo by nirmal harindran)georgieva, who reached mumbai on monday night, is also scheduled to meet with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and rbi governor urjit patel.
while in mumbai, she will have the opportunity to see how the operations of the world bank-supported suburban rail system  which carries about eight million commuters each day  is serving a fast growing and urbanising india, the world banks release said.
(express photo by nirmal harindran) (express photo by nirmal harindran)visiting a school serving low-income households and children with special needs is also on her agenda.
the school is a part of centres sarva shiksha abhiyan programme, which is supported by the world bank.
president of the shiv senas youth wing, aaditya thackeray.
(file photo) president of the shiv senas youth wing, aaditya thackeray.
(file photo)expressing concern over a part of the aarey forest being turned into a car shed and labour camp by the mumbai metro rail corporation, shiv sena scion aaditya thackeray on sunday appealed to mumbaikars to cast their vote in the upcoming brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) polls in favour of those parties who support its conservation.
attacking the ruling bjp government in the state, thackeray tweeted, it remains a crucial issue for the election, i have raised it in election rallies as this election decides environment wins or ego of government.
spelling out his stance, the young leader said that he was not against the mumbai metro but against the depleting green cover of the city.
in a series of tweets, the shiv sena leader said that it is haphazard city planning which has destroyed mumbais green cover.
if #aarey is destroyed, a vibrant forest in mumbai will be disturbed forever.
think and #votetosaveaarey, he said.
the national green tribunal (ngt), recently, put a stay on construction at the aarey milk colony on the mumbai metro line 3 (seepz to colaba).
activists and residents alike fear that the construction will result in loss of green cover as well as flooding of the nearby areas.
it remains a crucial issue for the election, i have raised it in election rallies as this election decides environment wins or ego of govt  aaditya thackeray (@authackeray) february 19, 2017in a press conference yesterday, aaps national executive member, preeti sharma menon said that in 2014, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had made promises to save the forest cover of the aarey milk colony, but has not kept the same.
if #aarey is destroyed, a vibrant forest in mumbai will be disturbed forever.
think and #votetosaveaarey  aaditya thackeray (@authackeray) february 19, 2017it is only during elections that parties pay attention to the people.
we will meet parties and ask what they think about its conservation.
aarey is a deal-breaker, she was reported by the hindu as saying.
shiv sena had earlier refused to enter into an alliance with the bjp for the local body polls.
sena chief uddhav thackeray has said on more than one occasion that he felt cheated at the hands of the bjp.
efforts from fadnavis to reconcile with the sena seems to have fallen flat as the rift between the two parties continues to widen.
one of the paintings at bhilar, the first village of books.
one of the paintings at bhilar, the first village of books.
amchya ghari ya strawberry sah pustakanche anand ghyaa, (please visit our home and enjoy reading books, along with our strawberry), said pravin bhilare who has offered his premises to stack books for public reading at the countrys first village of books that would be thrown open on may 4.
bhilare is not alone.
nearly 25 premises, which include three temples, two schools, seven houses and several lodges and homestays spread on a stretch of 2 km in bhilar village, 7-8 kms from panchgani, would open their gates for public reading.
chief minister devendrafadnavis is likely to attend the inauguration.
the maharashtra government has got 75-odd artists to paint the walls of the 25 premises at pustakanche gaon (village of books).
the state did crowd sourcing by inviting swatva, an informal whatsapp-based artist and art-lovers network to take up the task of decorating the village.
last week, the artists participated in a three-day wall painting camp at bhilar near mahabaleshwar and covered the 25 premises measuring 11,000 square feet with paintings and graphics to indicate which genre of books are kept at a particular house, school or a temple, just like demarcating types of books in a library.
for a place that has books on shivcharitra (life of shivaji maharaj), paintings of fort and the warrior king have been created on the walls and for a building that has literature on saints, paintings of famous saints have been used to adorn it.
the 25 premises in the village have 25 different paintings.
these artists voluntarily accepted our invitation and boarded a bus to mahabaleshwar to paint the walls in the village with their imagination.
the outcome was amazing and for people to see, said the minister of cultural affairs and marathi language, vinod tawde.
with around 10,000 books to be made available for reading in a village with a population of 10,000, bhilar will probably have the highest per capita availability of books for any village in the country.
the locality that earns a profit of rs 40 to 50 crore every year through its strawberry produce, was prompt in offering the premises to the state government for the book village.
praising the people and the administration of bhilar, tawde said: the village administration has been very enthusiastic and working with us on the project.
one of the factors which enabled us to complete the project.
the best part is that the people of bhilar have understood the concept of creating a book village very well, hence it became easy for us to implement it on the ground.
inspired by the welsh town, hay-on-wye, that is famous for its book stores and literary festivals, the book village in the state was supposed to come up by november 2015 as announced by tawde himself.
although an international concept, we are giving it a very indian look.
the project is aimed at promoting a book village or town of books and eventually make it a main tourist hub by itself like hay-on-wye.
not just this, the goal is also to promote marathi language, tawde said.
currently, all 10,000 books provided by the state government are in marathi.
the state plans to add 15-20 per cent more to the collection and those books will be in hindi and english.
we also plan to organise literary events, interactions with authors and poets, and book-reading sessions, tawde said.
b'pcmc and pmrda officials discussed the issue with chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai recently.
(file) pcmc and pmrda officials discussed the issue with chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai recently.
(file)the pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation (pcmc) and the pune metropolitan region development authority (pmrda), both have expressed interest to take over the pimpri-chinchwad new township development authority (pcntda), better known as pradhikaran.
pcmc and pmrda officials discussed the issue with chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai recently.
yes, the issue of merger of pcntda with pmrda or pcmc was discussed with fadnavis.
a final decision is yet to be taken, said pcmc chief shravan hardikar.
he said that a few years back, the civic body had conveyed its keenness to the state government to merge pcntda with pcmc.
the issue was discussed again.
it was suggested that pmrda take over the assets of pcntda while pcmc remain the planning authority, hardikar said.
but mayor nitin kalje wants pcntda merged with pcmc.
pnctda is within the boundaries of pcmc and, therefore, it is logical that it is merged with the civic body, he said.
pmrda ceo kiran gitte said it wants to use the pcntda building to tide over a space shortage.
the discussion (at the meeting) then veered to whether pcntda should be merged with pcmc or pmrda.
the chief minister said a decision will be taken soon, he said.
gitte, however, said that under law, two pradhikarans cannot exist in one territory.
it happened with the lavasa authority, which had to be dissolved, he said.
critics say pcntda should fold up as it has failed to live up to the expectations of the working class.
yashwant bhosale, president of the rashtriya shramik aghadi, said pcntda was set up in 1972 to provide affordable housing to the working and middle class.
he, however, said the pradhikaran area was now crowded by highrises and upper class people.
where is space for the working or middle class?
the pradhikaran played into the hands of builders and land sharks, he alleged.
bhosale said the pradhikaran even failed to stop illegal constructions, which, he added, had mushroomed over the years.
activist rajendra verma said the problem lay in overlapping authorities.
for instance, it is supposed to develop parts of bhosari, parts of thergaon, parts of wakad, parts of walherkarwadi and the remaining parts are to be developed by pcmc.
so, there is overlapping of authority and confusion regarding who is to develop which part, he said.
refuting allegations that the pradhikaran had failed to live up to expectations, pcntda said it tries its best to provide houses to the low-income group and middle class.
of the 4,500-acre area under our control, we have developed close to 3,700 acres.
we have sold at least 12,500 houses at affordable rates through a lottery system.
besides, we have also sold 5,500 fully developed plots over the years, said pcntda ceo satish khadke.
besides, khadke said they had built five flyovers and several wide roads.
the prime example among wide roads is the spine road, which is one of its kind in pimpri-chinchwad.
besides, there are several wide roads in pradhikaran-controlled areas, he said.
rubbishing the charge that pcntda houses were beyond the reach of the common man, khadke said they were planning to construct 8,500 affordable houses in the next two-three years.
the rates of these houses will be within the reach of the economically weaker section and low-income groups, he said.
on illegal constructions, khadke said the structures came up before pcntda.
there are 25,000 illegal constructions and we are continuously taking action against them, he said.
khadke said pcntda continue to be the favourite destination for those seeking flats in pimpri-chinchwad.
this can be gauged from the fact that when we decided to auction 25 old flats, we received an overwhelming response from as many as 6,000 buyers, he said.
the shiv sena says its unhappy with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and is ready for mid-term polls.
(file photo) the shiv sena says its unhappy with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and is ready for mid-term polls.
(file photo)claiming that shiv sena ministers are only waiting for uddhav thackerays direction to submit their resignations from the maharashtra government, party spokesperson manisha kayande on monday said people unhappy with the bjp rule are ready for mid-term polls.
the sena is unhappy with the style of functioning of the chief minister (devendra fadnavis) and the way he conducts himself.
the bjp today is left with no ammunition but to claim that bmc has opaque functioning.
if their claims were true, why did they remain in power with us?
did they want to enjoy benefits of power?
she asked.
watch what else is making newssenas threat to quit the ministry follows the party supremo putting the fadnavis government on notice period in the context of it locked in a grim combat with the bjp in the civic polls in mumbai and other cities across the state.
if our ministers do not have a say in the cabinet, they (the bjp) do not make cabinet meetings transparent and do not change their arrogant style of functioning, all sena ministers are ready to quit and are only waiting for uddhavjis direction, she said.
not only the sena, but even the people are fed up with the bjp as they have seen through their fake claims, announcements, attempts to malign us, at the same time induct tainted leaders and people are ready for mid-term polls.
no sena minister will hesitate to pull out once uddhavji directs, she said.
she said the bjps claims of non-transparent functioning of the bmc have been busted by its own government at the centre which has left state leaders red-faced.
hence the cm has now resorted to using shameful language against uddhavji, kayande said, referring to fadnavis dig at thackeray, asking him if the he was adversely affected by the note ban decision.
meanwhile, the sharad pawar-led national congress party (ncp) on monday dared shiv sena to withdraw its support to the fadnavis government and said it was ready for mid-term polls.
shiv sena doesnt have guts to quit the government.
(however) if it does, the ncp will not support any party and will demand fresh polls, party spokesman nawab malik told pti.
according to records, best requires almost 74,000 kilolitres of diesel every day to run its fleet.
according to records, best requires almost 74,000 kilolitres of diesel every day to run its fleet.
projecting an annual loss of rs 26 crore due to constant increase in fuel prices, the shiv sena-led brihanmumbai electric supply and transport (best) on friday asked the bjp-led government to waive off fuel tax for the undertaking.
in a letter penned by best chairman ashish chemburkar to chief minister devendrafadnavis , the undertaking has asked the government to subsidise the fuel cost for the undertaking.
in a fleet of 3,362 buses owned by best, while 1,329 run on diesel, 2,002 run on compressed natural gas (cng) and 31 are electric buses.
the best has said that daily losses suffered by its transport wing would increase to more than rs 5 crore from the current rs 2.
89 crore if the fuel prices do not come down.
according to records, best requires almost 74,000 kilolitres of diesel every day to run its fleet.
its daily expenditure on fuel has increased from rs 44.
89 lakh on december 1, 2017 to rs 53.
48 lakh as on june 1, 2018.
the current financial condition of best is deplorable.
despite adopting cost-cutting measures, the transport department faces an annual loss of rs 2.
89 crore every day, the letter to the cm stated.
since may 1, 2018, the fuel costs have only escalated.
if this hike continues, we believe the best may face losses to the tune of rs 26.
02 crore by the end of the financial year.
because of this, the daily losses would increase to rs 5.
05 crore from rs 2.
89 crore at present.
for which, we request the state government to spare best from having to pay the fuel tax, it added.
the best, which faces an accumulated loss of rs 2,000 crore, has reduced its fleet from 4,200 buses to 3,367 in the last 10 years.
while it had requested its parent body, brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), for funds, it was asked to implement cost-cutting measures, including reducing staff and regulating salaries, to improve operations.
in the current scenario, we are already struggling to handle day-to-day affairs of the undertaking, to add to this, maharashtra charges 40 per cent tax on fuel, which is amongst the highest in the country.
the government should either waive off the tax levied on us or subsidise the prices, chemburkar told the indian express.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavischief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said the opposition had adopted a negative role during the monsoon session hoping to get instant publicity.
the three-week monsoon session in maharashtra concluded on friday.
terming the session as satisfactory with the passage of nine important legislations, fadnavis said, i wish the opposition had given more importance to farmers issues with ongoing kharif season or subjects related to irrigation in the larger interest of agriculture.
according to fadnavis, the congress-ncp highlighted the issue of corruption against ministers without giving evidence, to sensationalise and get into centre stage of publicity.
he dared the opposition to reveal the names of 20 ministers they kept harping on to expose corruption in the fadnavis government.
fadnavis described the oppositions hope to undermine the government and return to power as mungerilal ke haseen sapnemy working in government is founded on truth, he asserted.
this was a sharp retort to leader of opposition radhakrishna vikhe-patils statement that he had documents to expose the government.
vikhe-patil described the popular marathi film natsamrat and hindi film kabila to describe the state of government led by the cm.
earlier, leader of opposition in the legislative council dhananjay munde had said, from cabinet ministers to corruption in the shiv sena-led bmc, weraised a series of issues.
we expected fadnavis to order an inquiry against scams in bmc.
in the run-up to the state assembly polls, the shiv sena has stepped up its presence on social networking platforms.
and as part of the measure, party president uddhav thackeray made his debut on twitter this past week, notching up thousands of followers within no time.
son aaditya is already very active on the microblogging platform.
and if sources in the shiv sena are to be believed, he played a big role in convincing @officeofut to start tweeting.
earlier this month, aaditya was also instrumental in launching the shiv sena-controlled mumbai municipalitys twitter account.
advertisingbold wagerafter the bombay high court upheld the constitutional validity of the maratha quota, the bjp is going all out to promote this as a major achievement of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
over the past few days, several posts and videos on how fadnavis managed to do what none of the maratha ex-cms could have surfaced on social media.
according to insiders, the push for the reservations had been fadnaviss biggest wager so far, and it is paying off for now.
a senior party politician said that the key for fadnavis now, as he leads the party into the state polls, would be to make sure that this does not alienate the obc vote bank it has nurtured since 1970s.
vip treatmentin another glaring example of the sense of entitlement among politicians, a demand to run a special taxi service from cst to vidhan bhavan for legislators was raised in the legislative assembly this past week.
bjps sunil deshmukh, a former minister of state, demanded the service as a matter of propriety for outstation legislators.
his complaint was that when mlas return from their assembly segments for the resumption of legislative proceedings, they have to queue up for taxis, who often refuse the fare.
cut to size?
the opposition raised serious allegations of wrongdoing against maharashtras revenue minister chandrakant patil.
but more than the allegations, eyebrows are being raised in the corridors of power on how patil, who enjoys the no.
2 position in the maharashtra cabinet, found himself isolated in the party.
some lawmakers even pointed out that nationalist congress partys jayant patil wasnt interrupted even once by the treasury benches when he was raising the allegations in the assembly.
while patil has refuted the allegations, it was also pointed out that the cm is yet to defend his minister on the issue.
advertisingnew addressnearly four months after he was appointed as maharashtras upa lokayukta, former director general of police dattatray padsalgikar has finally been allotted an office.
the chief minister-led general administration department has allotted a 2,000 sq ft space in the new administrative building opposite mantralaya to make space for padsalgikars new office.
officials from the states industries, power and labour department, who were earlier occupying this space, have been ordered to relocate.
meanwhile, the gad has issued orders allotting residential accommodations to the new ministers.
but with some of these still occupied by their predecessors, some of the new ministers might be unable to move in soon, said sources.
angry ministerit is not quite often that you see finance minister sudhir mungantiwar lose his composure.
but he uncharacteristically lost his cool and lashed out at the vidhan bhavan staff during assembly proceedings last week.
he was reportedly miffed at issues concerning two separate departments being clubbed in a single calling attention motion.
claiming that this is the third occasion in recent times when such a mistake has taken place, a visibly angry minister first demanded action against the concerned staff and warned later that he would block their pension if such mistakes were repeated.
shiv sena executive president uddhav thackeray along with maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
(express photo by prashant nadkar) shiv sena executive president uddhav thackeray along with maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
(express photo by prashant nadkar)as talk of a pre-poll alliance between the bjp and the shiv sena gains ground, aspirants who had switched over to popular political parties, ahead of the civic polls, are in a tough spot as they fear they may not be able to get party tickets if it materialises.
as many as 16 sitting corporators in the pune municipal corporation (pmc) have switched political affiliations for the 2017 civic polls.
the congress and the ncp have seen the maximum number of defections, followed by the ncp.
most political leaders have joined the bjp, which is confident of a good performance after its victory in the lok sabha seat and all eight assembly constituencies in the city in 2014.
however, these defectors are now uneasy, as senior leaders of the bjp and sena are in favour of a pre-poll alliance.
a few of the sitting corporators and former leaders of other parties, currently in the bjp, have been making rounds of the partys poll office to keep a tab on developments.
watch what else is making newsthe decision to switch political parties was taken to get re-elected to the pmc.
the popularity of other political parties has declined and it does not make sense to be on the losing side, said an aspirant.
if there is an alliance, there will be problems while trying to get a party ticket.
the seat-sharing arrangement would reduce the chances of getting tickets, he added.
a sena leader said the party was ready to contest all seats in the civic body on its own.
we are fully prepared to contest all 162 seats and have identified party candidates already.
we have conveyed to the party leadership that the city unit is ready to contest the elections, but the final decision would be taken by them, he said.
talk about a pre-poll alliance between congress and ncp has been doing the rounds.
a congress leader said, leaders are divided over the issue, but everyone will have to abide by the high commands decision.
in case of an alliance, candidates from the two parties would contest on different symbols, and it would be difficult to seek voters for two symbols in a four-ward electoral panel, said the leader.
chief minister prithviraj chavan said there is a proposal to regularise irregularities in patliputra housing society of ias officials in versova.
ias officials have formed a residential society at a prime plot in suburban versova,which has been surrounded by controversy for alleged violation of norms while building a commercial complex.
in reply to a question raised regarding the commercial complex within the building,chavan said irregularities had been found during an inspection of the shopping complex.
officials of the k-west ward have filed an fir with the versova police station against the complex owner for violation of regulations.
according to the building permission granted,approval was granted for 12 units on the ground floor and two units on the first floor.
however,inspection revealed that one shop had been built on the ground floor and another on the first floor by demolishing the walls.
bjp mla devendrafadnavis questioned why no action had been taken against the housing society when there is a clear provision to do so.
chavan said action had been taken against the shop owner,but no action had been initiated against the society.
he said he would enquire with the brihanmumbai municipal corporation about the inaction.
he also said there was a proposal to regularise the irregularities,but decision had not been taken yet.
bjp mla yogesh sagar said in that case,there would be over 500 such structures which would have to be regularised.
b'union law minister ravi shankar prasad.
express photo by prem nath pandey/files union law minister ravi shankar prasad.
express photo by prem nath pandey/filesthe bjp, union ministers and chief ministers of bjp-ruled states welcomed the supreme court verdict dismissing pleas to probe the death of judge b h loya.
the party alleged that the case was an attempt to damage the interests of the bjp in general and its national president amit shah in particular.
law minister minister ravi shankar prasad told the media at the party headquarters, it was not a case activated by public interest, (but was) basically driven to promote congress interest to damage the interests of the bjp in general and its national president amit shah in particular.
this was a case brought to put a blot on our national president.
can anything be more irresponsible than saying that the sc is under the influence of our party president?
prasad asked.
prasad trained the guns at congress and its president rahul gandhi, who, he said, led the tirade against bjp and shah over the loya death issue.
the biggest tragedy of this proceeding is that to settle political score even the judicial authorities and judges have been sought to be scandalised and that they will go to the extent of alleging in fact, the whole conduct amounted to serious compromise on the independence of judiciary, prasad said.
also read | congress: if bjp believes judge loyas death was natural, why fear probe?
prasad also highlighted the apex courts observation on an argument by lawyer dushyant dave.
dave, one of the petitioners seeking an independent probe, had said that since two judges of high court  justice bhushan gavai and justice s b shukre  had given an interview to the indian express in which they said justice loyas death was due to natural causes, their statements could not be regarded as independent.
prasad pointed out that the court rejected daves argument because the statements were published on november 27, 2017 whereas the statements from the judges were received on november 23 and 24.
there were wrong statements to defame the judicial officers.
the article was published four days after they gave their statements to the court, he said.
home minister rajnath singh pointed out that the supreme court had cautioned against the misuse of courts in political tug-of-war.
in a series of tweets, he said, the sc verdict gives a clear message that the judiciary cannot be misled by allegations based on political vendettait is extremely unfortunate that there have been several attempts of targeting the bjp and assassinating the character of its top leaders on the basis of fake facts.
these attempts have failed miserably once again.
in a way, behind this, there was an attempt to attack bjp president amit shah.
today, the congress, communists and media houses have been exposedjharkhand cm raghubar das said the supreme court verdict was a slap on the face of congress.
satyamevjayate!
the welcome judgement by the honourable supreme court in #judgeloya case is a tight slap to those people who were exploiting the natural death of the judge and playing petty politics for their narrow vested interests, chhattisgarh cm raman singh said.
earlier in the day, bjp spokesperson sambit patra alleged that the invisible hand behind the petitions seeking probe belonged to rahul gandhi and alleged that the congress president tried to use the judiciary for character assassination of amit shah.
four months before assembly polls in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday announced a third change to his cabinet, inducting as ministers former congress leader radhakrishna vikhe patil and mumbai bjp chief ashish shelar among eight others.
advertisingwhile dropping six ministers, fadnavis also inducted five junior ministers in the cabinet expansion, which comes a day before the states monsoon session starts monday.
the new ministers were administered the oath of office by governor c vidyasagar rao at raj bhawan in mumbai.
sources said that the changes to the cabinet were also aimed at replacing six controversial and non-performing ministers with suitable candidates and that care was taken to strike a balance in caste, community and regional representation.
of the 13 new ministers  six are obcs, four are marathas, two are from scheduled castes and one from scheduled tribes.
the new obc faces are sanjay kute (buldhana), anil bonde (amravati), parinay phuke (gondia-bhandara), atul save (aurangabad), jaidutta kshirsagar (beed) and yogesh sagar (mumbai suburbs).
advertisingand while the maratha candidates comprise vikhe-patil (ahmednagar); shelar (mumbai), tanaji sawant (solapur) and sanjay begde (maval), dalits include suresh khade (sangli) and avinash mahatekar (mumbai) and ashok uike (yavatmal) represents tribals.
among them, ten are from the bjp, including vikhe-patil, two from the shiv sena and one from the rpi (a).
the region-wise division shows four ministers from vidarbha, two from marathwada, three from western maharashtra, one from north maharashtra and three from mumbai.
vinod tawde has been divested of the school education portfolio, which has been handed over to shelar.
tawde will continue to retain the ministry of parliamentary affairs.
vikhe-patil has been given the housing portfolio.
the crucial agriculture portfolio has been given to bonde.
water conservation has been given to sawant.
fadnavis said the cabinet expansion will bring greater strength to the administration.
it was to provide an opportunity to fresh and able candidates.
the cabinet expansion has ensured adequate representation to every region, caste and community across maharashtra, he said.
while underplaying the controversy and non-performance of six ministers who had to be dropped, fadnavis said, there are multiple factors which necessitated a change in the cabinet.
if ministers have been asked to resign it was not solely because of poor performance.
the six ministers asked to resign are prakash mehta (housing), vishnu sawara (tribal welfare), rajkumar badole (social justice), pravin pote (mos industries and mining), dilip kamble (mos social welfare) and ambarish raje atram (mos tribal welfare and forest).
bjp sources said that non-performance was the only criteria weighed before dropping the six ministers.
in the case of prakash mehta, a controversial slum redevelopment project coupled with poor performance in the housing department is cited as the reason.
a senior cabinet minister said,  the ministries of social justice and tribal welfare are driving departments when it comes to ushering social transformation in the state.
the cm felt those entrusted with the job failed to deliver results.
fadnavis, according to bjp leaders, also wanted to signal that a strong and able cabinet will face the elections later this year and hoped to expose cracks in the opposition by giving vikhe-patil a cabinet post before the monsoon assembly session.
sources also said that accommodating the rpi(a), which does not have a single elected (mla), was a strong message to dalits in the state.
vikhe-patil said,  it marks a new beginning as i move from congress to bjp.
i look forward to constructive politics.
the rpi(a)s mahatekar said,  the bjp has always ensured that it has accommodated dalits in its mainstream politics.
i will work to keep up expectations.
the state government is considering fungible floor space index (fsi) for redevelopment of chawls located on the premises of erstwhile cotton mills in central mumbai to give larger homes  from the present 300 square feet to 405 square feet.
the decision is likely to help nearly 7,000 residents living in the chawls in the heart of mumbai and awaiting the redevelopment of their old structures.
chief minister devendrafadnavis convened a meeting with mumbais elected members tuesday to discuss the redevelopment of chawls.
various issues ranging from seeking sanction from the residents to making the project economically viable with more incentives were discussed by ashish shelar (bjp), kalidas kolamkar (congress), and sunil shinde (shiv sena), among others.
shelar said, we urged the chief minister to consider fungible fsi for chawl redevelopment in the mill areas.
it would help give people bigger houses and also make the development project viable.
the maximum a developer can construct over and above the permissible fsi is 35 per cent of the flat area.
the additional space that the buyer has purchased legally is called fungible fsi.
these chawls are concentrated around parel, lalbaug, byculla, naigaon, chinchpokli and girgaum among others.
a farmer drinks water on the dry bed of manjara dam, which supplies water to latur and nearby villages in maharashtra, as the maharashtra population awaits for the monsoon.
(source: ap photo/manish swarup, file) a farmer drinks water on the dry bed of manjara dam, which supplies water to latur and nearby villages in maharashtra, as the maharashtra population awaits for the monsoon.
(source: ap photo/manish swarup, file)in the backdrop of drought in the last three years and lack of adequate rains resulting in insufficient soil moisture, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today asked farmers to refrain from sowing kharif crops for the next few days.
though many parts of the state have received rainfall, monsoon has not arrived as yet.
the meteorological department has said that rainy season will start soon.
but after the initial rains, farmers have got ready with their kharif sowing expecting continuous good rains, fadnavis said.
i urge farmers to not sow kharif crops till it rains sufficiently and continuously for at least two days so that the soil develops the moisture required for crops, he said in a release here.
watch video: whats making newshe said that due to the hot weather, the seeds may get destroyed and farmers may have to resow seeds, which may result in financial losses for them, like it did last year.
fadnavis said the government has made sufficient fertilisers and seeds available for the kharif season and has also stayed the decision regarding seed price hike by mahabeej to provide relief to lakhs of farmers.
out of 43.
75 metric tonnes of demand for fertilisers, the government has till now made available 40.
25 lakh mt.
apart from this, the centre has reserved 0.
50 lakh mt of urea fertiliser for maharashtra, he said, adding that as compared to 2015, the demand for fertilisers has shot up by 26 per cent.
fadnavis said that for the current kharif season, the demand for seeds is 14.
99 lakh quintal, while the government has made available seeds totalling 17.
90 lakh quintal.
promising to revive the ailing cooperative sector, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said that sugarcane farmers were given the highest remuneration this year.
the sugarcane farmers in maharashtra were paid the highest fair price remuneration this year, he said.
frp is the minimum support price mandatory for every sugar mill to pay farmers for sugarcane.
the average frp was rs 3,000 per tonne.
watch what else is making newsthe chief minister said, the rampant corruption in cooperative sector will have to be dealt with an iron hand.
the cooperative sector is the backbone of states economy and its healthy growth is essential.
during his tour in sangli, satara and kolhapur in western maharashtra, fadnavis dwelt on the problems and discussed the solution to restore the sick cooperative sector.
however, he also warned that mismanagement of cooperative sectors that affected the state treasury will not be tolerated.
the cooperative network across western maharashtra has played an important role in providing employment and also generating economic growth.
over the years, its mismanagement has lead to serious problems adversely impacting the farmers as well as the economy.
b'maharashtra was to see procurement of 4.
47 lakh tonnes of tur and 3 lakh tonnes of chana under the scheme.
maharashtra was to see procurement of 4.
47 lakh tonnes of tur and 3 lakh tonnes of chana under the scheme.
following loosely in the footsteps of madhya pradesh, the maharashtra government has decided to pay rs 1,000 per quintal to tur and chana growers.
chief minister devendrafadnavis made an announcement to this effect after a cabinet meeting in mumbai on tuesday.
however, trade sources claimed growers will still not be able to realise the government-announced minimum support price (msp).
low prices have plagued both tur and chana growers in maharashtra throughout the season.
both the pulses have traded below their respective msps of rs 5,400 and rs 4,400 per quintal.
last years stock and low uptake is being blamed for the price slide.
in view of the low prices, the national agricultural cooperative marketing federation (nafed) had started procurement of both the pulses.
maharashtra was to see procurement of 4.
47 lakh tonnes of tur and 3 lakh tonnes of chana under the scheme.
the scheme had called for compulsory registration of farmers who were to be given a date and time when they could sell the produce.
farmers were assured of the msp, which was to be paid to them within 48 hours.
by may end, maharashtra had recorded procurement of around 1 lakh tonnes of chana and around 3.
24 lakh tonnes of tur.
absence of storage space had prevented maharashtra from meeting its quota, though procurement of tur was extended by a month.
it is estimated that more than two lakh farmers who had registered to sell tur, along with an equal number of chana farmers, were unable to sell their produce despite registration.
prices of both the commodities had crashed when farmers started selling their produce as the cut off date signaled the end of procurement.
it is estimated that tur farmers have lost as much as rs 1,060 crore due to failure in meeting the procurement figure.
chana growers, too, faced a similar loss.
senior officials of the state marketing department said financial assistance will be provided to the farmers who had registered to sell their produce but failed.
deadline for procurement of chana, too, has been extended to june 13.
however, officials have reservations about any more procurement, citing paucity of space.
the total budget for the disbursal is expected to be about rs 1,000 crore.
sources in the trading sectors, meanwhile, said the move might not be fruitful, as wholesale prices were at an all-time low.
at laturs market, the average trading price of chana and tur was rs 2,990 and rs 3,695 per quintal, respectively.
even with the additional rs 1,000, none of the commodities will be able to meet the msp mark.
laturs market sets the price trend for pulses in the country, and low prices here resonate in other markets.
traders said, as farmers would speed up their sales, prices would go further down.
global firms with experience in large water supply projects or similar projects such as laying oil or irrigation pipelines are expected to respond to the government of maharashtras invitation to participate in tendering for the ambitious marathwada water grid project.
the request for qualification notice was published for the rs 4,251-crore first component of the rs 16,000-crore project wednesday.
advertisingthe project proposes to connect 11 major dams in marathwada through large pipelines, including a primary loop connecting the reservoirs to enable water to be pumped from water surplus dams to areas serviced by reservoirs with low storage levels, and a secondary grid of pipelines to convey water to the regions 76 talukas.
the project is seen as a game-changer for the water-scarce and drought-prone regions where water is sometimes available in some reservoirs, but cannot be conveyed to villages located at greater distances from them.
tenders for package 1, which covers aurangabad and jalna, were floated today.
tenders for package 2, which covers beed district, will be invited in a weeks time, said p velrasu, member secretary of the maharashtra jeevan pradhikaran (mjp) that is handling the project.
officials said tenders were invited on the hybrid annuity model on design, build, finance, operate and transfer (dbfot) basis.
this means that following prequalification and vetting of designs, the bidder quoting the lowest net present value (npv) for construction and operations for 15 years will be selected.
the concessionaire will raise 60 per cent of the project cost via debt and equity, while the government will pay the remaining 40 per cent in tranches.
budgeted revenue support from the government for the concessionaire over 15 years will be required.
advertisingexperts, including from institutions such as the indian institute of technology-powai, are to be roped in for technical evaluation of proposals and designs.
in addition, the mjp will also soon invite request for proposals for conveying water from four small dams in nashik to aurangabad.
this is significant because a key criticism of the project has been that water scarcity in the region is so acute that better water distribution can be feasible only once water in nashiks dams and elsewhere that is reserved for marathwada is actually conveyed to the region.
tenders for the remaining three packages, covering the remaining five districts, will be floated soon after the assembly elections, due in october, officials said.
at a later stage, the project also envisages connecting waters from konkans west-flowing rivers to the marathwada grid.
concessionaires for each package will lay the primary pipelines for bulk water from the reservoirs, the secondary grid of pipelines for treated water, and water treatment plants.
for aurangabad alone, the project foresees 192 km of primary pipelines and 490 km of secondary pipelines.
in jalna, pipelines for bulk water will run 132 km and 293 km for treated water.
four treatment plants in aurangabad will process 396 million litres daily, and three plants in jalna will process 149 mld.
meanwhile, activists and independent experts in the water and irrigation sectors wrote last week to chief minister devendrafadnavis opposing the rs 16,000-crore project saying they doubt its need and feasibility.
alongside asking the chief minister to first ensure that water is brought into the arid marathwada region from dams outside it, the letter sought early resolution of inter-state disputes over the waters of the godavari, which have affected availability to marathwadas districts.
advertisingspeaking at buti bori in vidarbhas nagpur district, as part of his statewide mahajanadesh yatra ahead of the assembly polls, the cm said: the opposition should admit that they lost peoples mandate in the lok sabha polls.
they should engage in serious introspection to ascertain their failures and shortcomings.
it is pointless to blame evms and seek solace.
its a classic case of a team, which believes it would win the world cup, instead faces defeat.
the captain then blames the umpire.
he starts saying we did well but the umpire was not on our side or could not understand our game, he added.
fadnavis reminded the opposition that some of them have ruled the country and different states by winning elections through the same evms. the evms were not introduced recently.
the congress and ncp in the past have won polls through the same evms. recently, the opposition won assembly polls in madhya pradesh, chhattisgarh and rajasthan.
what does it convey?
if evms were manipulated, why would the results be in their favour?
advertisingafter the 2019 lok sabha mandate, ncp president and telugu desam party leader suspected that evms have given prime minister narendra modi a landslide victory.
the anti-evm cry got louder with mayawati of bsp and west bengal chief minister and trinamool congress president mamata banerjee uniting all anti-bjp parties, the cm said.
now, such behaviour is not going to be acceptable to the people.
after all, they know very well whom they have voted for and why.
therefore, by repeatedly questioning evms, the opposition is indirectly questioning the peoples mandate.
it is insulting and undemocratic, he added.
instead of finding faults with evms, the opposition should go to the people, tell them what wrongs they have done and how they can rectify their mistakes if given a chance again, the chief minister said.
describing the opposition as confused and vulnerable, fadnavis said: the issue is not about evms. the real issue is that they had taken the people for granted and failed to deliver.
they lost public support because people no longer trust them.
they feel let down by the opposition, whose priority was to promote and safeguard vested interests both economically and politically.
today, the opposition can be bundled into a nano car.
the cm again claimed that if the congress-ncp rule of 15 years is compared to bjp-shiv senas five-year tenure, his government has surpassed the previous regime in all aspects.
after all, make no mistake, yeh public hain, sab jaanti hain.
they will exercise their voting rights to teach the opposition a lesson, he added.
ramdas kadam was the lone sena minister who voiced his concern on the issue.
ramdas kadam was the lone sena minister who voiced his concern on the issue.
shiv sena leader and environment minister ramdas kadam on wednesday expressed serious reservation over opening up saltpan land for housing projects.
he registered his protest at the weekly cabinet meeting held at mantralya by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
kadam was the lone sena minister who voiced his concern on the issue.
development on saltpan is detrimental to the environment.
my aim is to safeguard the environment, he said.
the government is planning housing projects on saltpan land.
they often say the houses would help the poor and low-income groups.
but such reasons are just pretext to open up the saltpan land for construction and help the builders, he alleged.
kadam did not take the name of chief minister or any bjp minister while making his point.
instead, he chose to attack the bureaucrats in the urban development department.
in the past sena president uddhav thackeray had led public demonstrations on the urban land ceiling act.
every time bureaucrats talk of affordable houses to help the poor.
but their plans are to help the builders, he said.
a senior bjp minister, requesting anonymity, said, the shiv senas objection to saltpan land is ridiculous.
in the past their cabinet ministers had given the consent for the development of saltpan land in the cabinet.
they have always supported housing projects on saltpan land.
the bjp minister also wondered why the sena did not register their views when the development plan for mumbai was being drafted and discussed for last several years.
there is not a single note of concern on saltpan land by any of the sena ministers or party officials, he added.
chief minister devendrafadnavis slammed shiv sena tuesday saying uddhav thackeray had realised the sand under his feet was slipping in mumbai.
not surprisingly, thackeray is scouting for refuge in hardik patel from gujarat, said a bjp leader.
watch what else is making newsahead of the crucial bmc elections, fadnavis and thackeray are increasing getting into a bitter war of words.
in the last 48 hours, thackeray has at least four public meetings in mumbai and suburbs, trained guns on fadnavis and prime minister narendra modi.
the sena cannot be cowed down.
you can get modi to fight the sena in mumbai.
we will still win, he said in his latest attack.
in a sharp retort, fadnavis said, modiji door ki baat hain.
pahele devendrafadnavis se to nipto.
translated, this means, modi is a far cry.
deal with devendrafadnavis first.
according to bjp poll managers the pm is unlikely to campaign for the bmc elections.
the party has, however, ensured the use of modis face in all its important events related to elections.
insiders in the bjp said the senas decision to get hardik patel would not impact its gujarati vote base, claiming that modi as well as fadnavis still enjoyed goodwill among them.
bjp mp kirit somiayya, a gujarati, said, how can patel who failed in gujarat click in mumbai.
can there be any comparison between modiji and patel (hardik)?
several bjp leaders described the developments as senas desperation to wreck bjps strong vote base.
the sena is also worried that the mns decision to field 200 candidates could work against them in some pockets even if they get 1,000 to 3,000 votes in key marathi-dominated constituencies.
the cms aggression is part of the bjps strategy not to buckle under senas pressure.
the party has planned 10 public rallies to be addressed by fadnavis across mumbai and its suburbs.
on thursday, fadnavis will hold his first rally at mulund and the second at jogeshwari.
prime minister narendra modi, his cabinet colleagues, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis and governor vidyasagar rao in nagpur on ambedkar jayanti friday.
(photo: pti) prime minister narendra modi, his cabinet colleagues, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis and governor vidyasagar rao in nagpur on ambedkar jayanti friday.
(photo: pti)prime minister narendra modi on friday said that his governments digidhan scheme will become a global reference point, attracting international universities to do research on it.
he added that the world was marvelling at the idea and seeking indias help in catalysing the change.
modi called the digital india programme a step in the direction of realising babasaheb ambedkars dream of empowering the most backward.
ambedkar suffered discrimination but nursed no ill feelings and revenge and gave us the constitution that promises equality and inclusiveness.
my governments aim is to realise that dream, modi said while speaking at the prize distribution function of the month-long digidhan contest launched in december for users of the digital transaction mode.
modi referred to ambedkar several times in his 40-minute speech and added that his government was working to realise dreams and promises enshrined in the constitution.
he announced cashback and referral bonus incentive schemes for the bhim (bharat interface for money) app with an outlay of rs 495 crore for six months.
under the referral scheme, existing users who refer bhim and new users adopting the app would get cash bonuses credited directly to their accounts.
merchants will get cashback on every transaction using bhim as per the cashback scheme.
i invite young people to educate and train masses in using the bhim app for digital transactions and get rs 10 directly deposited in their accounts for each of those persons they get to use the app.
this way our young people can easily earn enough during vacations to pay their own fees for the next academic session, he said.
he said that traders would get rs 25 cashback for each transaction.
modi added that the scheme has come into force from april 14, the day ambedkar was born, and will end on october 14 when he embraced buddhism.
earlier, modi visited deekshabhoomi, where ambedkar had embraced buddhism along with his followers, to pay tributes to the dalit icon as well as lord buddha.
modi released postage stamps on deekshabhoomi, buddha and ambedkar at the digidhan program.
modi likened digidhan to swachh bharat.
here, the idea is to cleanse the system of corruption.
the results have been wonderful with crores of people using the bhim app to carry out transactions.
the corrupt, however, could not sleep at night thinking that modi will come and catch them.
i appeal to you all to participate in this war on corruption by becoming the soldiers of less-cash economy.
modi said that global universities would come to do research on results of the digital transaction programme.
even the advanced countries could not do this.
i have got inquiries from african countries on whether india could help them do it.
i am sure india can act as a catalytic agent.
modi took a jibe at intellectuals.
they said so many things about the digital transaction campaign.
they are entitled to it.
but when i used to retire after the days work at night, their points served as good humour for me.
the maharashtra government tuesday told the court that medical services are paralysed in the state as 60 per cent of its resident doctors are on strike.
(express photo) the maharashtra government tuesday told the court that medical services are paralysed in the state as 60 per cent of its resident doctors are on strike.
(express photo)hours after the bombay high court thursday ordered all doctors on strike to resume work, the association of resident doctors has said that the judge did not sign the order after the hearing and thus it has not been uploaded on the court website.
since we do not have the printed order with us, we are in no position to decide about our further stand, it said.
the association also iterated that their mass leave will continue until friday.
the court had simultaneously directed the maharashtra government to provide adequate security at all government hospitals to ensure they can continue working without fear.
the bombay high court chief justice also observed that punitive action should not be taken against doctors who have resumed work.
the matter will be heard again in 15 days.
the maharashtra association of resident doctors (mard), meanwhile, filed an affidavit in the court stating that they are ready to work but want to be assured of their safety from the government and administration.
so far, 297 resident doctors have resumed work but the majority of them are continuing with the strike.
the bombay high courts observation comes in the wake of a mass protest in the state, which began on monday.
more than 1,000 doctors are protesting incidents of assault on doctors by patients families, and are demanding better security at hospitals.
further, the court was also responding to the notices served to resident doctors across the state.
272 residents from b j medical college and sassoon general hospital were expelled for failing to resume duty.
a fresh attack against a resident doctor took place on wednesday night by a patients relatives at sion hospital.
a police complaint was filed against three women for allegedly assaulting a senior pediatric.
its the second case in sion this week.
chief minister devendrafadnavis broke his silence on the issue thursday, condemning the attacks on doctors.
making an ardent appeal to all doctor organisations to withdraw their indefinite strike, he reassured that the government will provide better security and enforcements.
i would also like to state that doctors ongoing strike has caused lot of inconvenience to people specially the poor patients who are deprived of medical treatment, he said, speaking in the state legislative assembly.
the state government tuesday told the court that medical services are paralysed in the state as 60 per cent of its resident doctors are on strike.
meanwhile, in a show of support to their counterparts, doctors in the national capital carried out a strike thursday.
doctors from nearly 40 government hospitals, including those run by civic bodies, planned mass leave.
however, doctors on emergency duty will continue to work.
we, the resident doctors at aiims, will work with helmets in the emergency department on thursday as well.
nobody bothers about resident doctors who were brutally beaten up, said dr vijay gurjar, president of resident doctors association of aiims, instead of providing security to resident doctors at their workplace, the maharashtra government is threatening them of deducting their salaries and throwing them out of their hostels.
water resources minister girish mahajan has come under fire from opposition parties after two of his selfie videos in flood-hit kolhapur went viral.
advertisingin one of the clips, the minister, while travelling by a boat in kolhapur on thursday, is seen smiling and cheerfully waving into a video being shot by an unidentified person accompanying him.
in another clip, he is seen inspecting the flood situation standing on a road, as the person filmed the selfie video.
with the clips going viral, a video of mahajan trying to rescue people from the flood water in sangli district has been uploaded on the social media.
ncp spokesperson nawab malik accused mahajan of indulging in disaster toursim.
the ministers behaviour is highly condemnable the fadnavis government has not launched disaster management but was into disaster tourism as is visible from his boat rides and selfies videos.
advertisingit also asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to seek resignation of the insensitive minister.
ncp leader dhananjay munde tweeted: minister @girishdmahajan and officials were smiled, posed selfie.
are the rulers left with any sensitivity?
@dev_fadnavis ji take resignation of this insensitive minister, suspend the officials concerned.
farmer leader raju shetti said, mahajans insensitivity reflects the attitude of the fadnavis government.
be it on the issue of farmers or flood, they have shown their real face of being highly insensitive and unconcerned.
taking on the bjp, congress said it should start a selfiewithdead series while declaring the minister as its brand ambassador.
state party spokesperson sachin sawant tweeted, girish mahajan is the face that reflects the character, ideology and identity of this government.
one which seeks pleasure in defecting mlas, shows gun to children, dances in frenzy, fights and laughs wickedly on the tears of others!
now start #sefiewithdead series and declare mahajan as the ambassador.
mahajan, who has reached sangli, meanwhile, asked the opposition to participate in relief work instead of criticising and trolling him while sitting at home.
reached today in villages which did not receive relief over the past four days.
i request those opposition leaders who politicise relief work, that once they are done with entertainment by criticising-trolling, they should directly partake in the relief work!
he tweeted.
bjp spokesperson madhav bhandari blamed the row on the media.
this is a definite ploy by a certain section of the media to indulge in this kind of sensationalism girish mahajan has been pitching in his best efforts to rescue the flood-hit people he is an efficient and a responsible minister, he is fully aware of his actions.
b'according to the latest order of the ministry of information and broadcasting, posted on its website, two officials, who used to hold senior posts in pune are being relocated.
according to the latest order of the ministry of information and broadcasting, posted on its website, two officials, who used to hold senior posts in pune are being relocated.
the information and broadcasting ministry has decided to shut down the regional news unit of the all india radio in pune.
besides pune, the regional news unit in allahabad, bhuj, dharwad, coimbatore, dharwad, dibrugarh and indore are also being shut.
according to the latest order of the ministry of information and broadcasting, posted on its website, two officials, who used to hold senior posts in pune are being relocated.
however, air officials in pune revealed, the ministry has not provided any replacement for the two who are being relocated.
this means, they have decided to close down the regional news unit in pune and the other abovementioned cities, officials said.
the regional news unit in pune, which has been broadcasting marathi news since 1975, had, till now, a deputy director of news and a news editor, besides the eight reporters who work on contract basis.
the news editor and the deputy director of news are responsible for production of news on daily basis.
the air pune has its first broadcast of the day at 7.
10 am.
the 10-minute broadcast is the only major one for the day.
news in this segment mainly pertains to what is happening in maharashtra as well as crucial happenings in other parts of the country.
besides the 7.
10 broadcast, there are five more bulletins of two minutes each on any given day.
air officials said, before the advent of 24x7 television news, airs marathi news was the most popular news segment across the state.
even today, it has mass following, especially in rural areas, an official said.
besides the pune unit, there are three other rnu units in the stateone in mumbai, one in nagpur, and one in auranga-badfrom where the marathi news is likely to be broadcast now onward.
ravindra khasnis, station director, air pune, told the indian express that they will have a problem producing the news since the two key team members have been shifted.
we are awaiting for further directives from the ministry, he said.
the shiv sena, meanwhile, strongly opposed the bid to close down the marathi news section in pune.
we will take up the issue in the rajya sabha as also with the information and broadcasting ministry, sena spokesperson neelam gorhe said.
gorhe said they have spoken to chief minister devendrafadnavis , who has promised to look into the matter.
the pune congress unit, meanwhile, submitted a memorandum to air pune, demanding that the ministry immediately take back the decision.
we will agitate if the decision is not taken back by the government, said pune congress chief ramesh bagwe.
the gujarat bjp chief is said to have made the comment about adityanath campaigning in gujarat on the sidelines of a meeting of party leaders in rajkot on sunday.
(representational image) the gujarat bjp chief is said to have made the comment about adityanath campaigning in gujarat on the sidelines of a meeting of party leaders in rajkot on sunday.
(representational image)a day after his reported comment that uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath would be bjps star campaigner for the gujarat assembly polls, partys state unit president jitu vaghani on monday said a decision in this regard was a prerogative of the parliamentary board and the high command.
we wish that all bjp chief ministers come to gujarat and talk about the development work under the leadership of narendrabhai modi.
we will convey our feelings to the central leadership.
but, the ultimate decision on who will campaign in gujarat will be taken by our leadership, narendrabhai and amitbhai (shah), vaghani told the indian express.
the gujarat bjp chief is said to have made the comment about adityanath campaigning in gujarat on the sidelines of a meeting of party leaders in rajkot on sunday.
the rajkot meeting was a deliberation on how the party could gain seats in important regions.
the saffron party has set a target of winning 150 out of 182 seats in the gujarat assembly elections.
asked about the meeting on sunday, bjp leader from rajkot raju dhruv said, it is premature to decide who will be our star campaigners.
of course, we already have a star campaigner in narendrabhai, as in amitbhai.
a source said that the party would also consider inviting madhya pradesh cm shivraj singh chouhan to woo hindi-speaking voters and maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis to woo maharashtrian voters, apart from adityanath, who might play a key role in surat which has a large number of migrants from up.
surat bjp chief nitin bhajiyawala, however, said he had no information on who would be star campaigners for the party in gujarat.
wait till the election dates are announced, said bhajiyawala.
meanwhile, the state bjp unit has left no stone unturned to ensure a grand celebration on wednesday of the partys recent electoral victories in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand, and also formation of bjp governments in goa and manipur.
bjp national president amit shah would address around one lakh bjp members during the celebrations.
on monday, chief minister vijay rupani, inaugurating a bjp abhyas varg  held at the bochanwasi akshar purushottam swaminarayan temple in sarangpur of botad district, said, the recent up win of the bjp has shown how much love and faith people have in narendra modi.
bjps massive victory in uttar pradesh is set to be highlighted by the party leaders in the gujarat assembly poll campaign.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis meets doctors representatives again over doctor strike issue.
(source: ani photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis meets doctors representatives again over doctor strike issue.
(source: ani photo)describing the attitude of striking doctors as adamant and insensitive, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday warned of legal action and gave them an ultimatum to resume duties after his meet with their representatives later this afternoon.
making a statement in the legislative assembly, fadnavis said, enough is enough.
if the doctors fail to resume work today, government will not sit quietly.
we cannot leave the patients to die.
i am making a final attempt to break the deadlock today by meeting the doctors representatives.
if no solution is found and doctors dont resume work, they should be prepared to face legal action.
fadnavis said he failed to understand the insensitive attitude of doctors of leaving patients to die.
what is the difference between anti-social tendencies who beat up doctors and the doctors themselves who take oath to treat ill people.
i am surprised at the adamant stand of the doctors despite assuring that the government fully supports their demand, he said adding that the doctors have disregarded the directives of the high court.
people consider doctors to be like a god.
they shouldnt wait to be referred to as demons.
what kind of politics is being done, he asked.
fadnavis said among their demands that have been accepted, include security audit of hospitals and access control to opd, casualty and other wards.
the demand for armed security guards has also been accepted.
he also said that government has promised free legal and medical aid to doctors in case of an attack and they will be treated as government servants.
maharashtra medical education minister girish mahajan too warned the resident doctors to withdraw their agitation and resume work or face stern action.
the issue came up in the state legislative assembly after the question hour when pratap sarnaik (shiv sena) highlighted the problems faced by patients due to the strike which entered the fifth day today.
mahajan said despite the high court directive and appeal by chief minister devendrafadnavis , the doctors have not yielded.
they have taken in writing from us that we are accepting their ten demands which include providing 1,100 security guards.
these guards will be hired from private agencies run by former police officials at a salary of rs 20,000 each.
the government has sanctioned rs 33 crore for the purpose, he said.
the doctors tell us they are satisfied with our approach and then go out and tell that they will continue with their agitation.
this is getting out of hand and the government is feeling helpless.
we dont understand what we should do.
the government once again appeals to the doctors to withdraw their strike and resume work, otherwise strict action will have to be taken, the minister added.
yogesh sagar of bjp said the government should give an ultimatum to doctors and cancel their registration and file cases against them if they fail to resume work in a days time.
the demand was supported by other bjp and sena members.
sagar said prior surgeries are being indefinitely postponed due to the strike and the patients are facing a harrowing time.
sena and bjp members came into the well of the house demanding that strict action be taken against striking doctors.
subsequently, speaker haribhau bagde adjourned the proceedings for 15 minutes.
after the house re-assembled, speaker said the issue is about an organised sector holding the unorganised section of the society to ransom and the sentiment of the house is that the government should find a solution to this.
the sena-bjp members again trooped into the well forcing the speaker to adjourn the house for 30 minutes.
the entire opposition benches were empty since they are protesting the suspension of 19 congress-ncp mlas for disrupting the budget presentation last week.
nearly 4,000 resident doctors have stayed away from work since monday, demanding enhanced security in the wake of a string of attacks on their colleagues by patients relatives at government hospitals across the state.
decks have been cleared for the construction of dr b r ambedkar memorial in mumbai with the 12 acres of indu mill land being formally transferred to the state government saturday.
union textiles minister smriti irani handed over the land transfer documents to chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister of state for social justice ramdas athawale at the vidhan bhavan here saturday.
fadnavis said the mumbai metropolitan region development authority has already started clearing the area.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)youth congress workers on saturday held demonstrations at osmanabad during chief minister devendrafadnavis tour to protest against state bjp chief raosaheb danves remarks aimed at farmers.
the congress has alleged that police lathi-charged on the protesters and took away five of them to the local police station.
during fadnaviss visit to village bhum in osmanabad, youth congress activists voiced their protest against danve in front of him.
danve had used the word saale while referring to farmers complaining against non-procurement of tur (pulses) while discussing the issue with party workers during a meeting.
as the youths agitated, the police allegedly grabbed four-five protesters, forced them in a vehicle and took them to jalna police station.
in a statement, maharashtra pradesh congress committee (mpcc) president ashok chavan, said: the police action was unjust.
we condemn the lathi-charge.
it was like imposing emergency.
the youth congress workers had taken permission from jalna police station.
every individual has the right to protest.
how could they take away the youth congresss freedom?
the party workers, hanumant pawar, sharad pawar, pagare, akshay puranik and mayur late were among those who were in the agitation.
he added that the police refused to give explanation for their action and share information about the youths.
the state bjp, however, said the congress allegations were baseless.
state bjp spokesperson keshav upadhye said: it is very shocking that the congress claims that their activists were lathi-charged at osmanabad.
the fact is that the chief minister had himself urged them to come and say what they wanted.
but these activists were busy getting photographed in front of cameras.
it clearly shows that it was just a political drama by the congress and an attempt to create hurdles in the development work pursued by the bjp and the cm.
two days after the navi mumbai municipal corporation passed a no-confidence motion against commissioner tukaram mundhe, the issue continued to simmer thursday with mayor sudhakar sonawane threatening to resign if chief minister devendrafadnavis did not decide on the motion soon.
watch what else is making newswhile the shiv sena said the state government should respect the democratic vote behind the motion, the cm spoke out in support of mundhe, saying the latter had been doing good work.
on thursday, sonawane wrote to mundhe and all other heads of departments in the civic body, stating that no file pertaining to policy decisions be sent to mundhe.
after the passage of the no-confidence motion, mundhe has lost all rights to head the civic body.
so, i have asked the heads of all departments to take policy decisions at their level.
failing this, they would be held responsible for any legal issue that arises in the future, sonawane said.
he added that mundhes decisions in the last six months were all pre-planned.
there is a big conspiracy behind his actions.
mundhe just wants to dismantle the control of an influential leader in navi mumbai.
it is not democracy but an autocratic style of functioning.
so, if fadnavis does not take any decision, i will resign on moral grounds, sonawane said.
the mayor is an independent corporator backed by the ncp.
on tuesday, 104 corporators had voted in favour of the no-confidence motion moved against mundhe by the ncp.
while the congress and the shiv sena backed the motion, the six bjp corporators had opposed it.
the motion mentioned mundhes disrespect towards elected representatives, his autocratic style of functioning, and accused him of taking policy decisions bypassing the statutory standing committee and general body meetings.
the sena also asked fadnavis to take the democratic route and remove the officer.
since all the elected representatives are against mundhe, the government must respect the majority, the party said in an editorial in saamana.
even if mundhe has done some work as civic chief, that does not mean corporators are not working in the public interest, it said.
the editorial added that mundhe had faced similar issues at his previous postings.
he should introspect on this.
working like a don or robin hood to gain popularity does not mean the officer is good, it stated.
despite repeated attempts, mundhe could not be reached for comments.
meanwhile, speaking to a news channel, fadnavis said, mundhe is good officer and is doing good work.
mundhes transparent style of functioning has created problems for those who are running the corporation in a non-transparent manner.
if there are problems in his behaviour, they can be worked upon.
at meetings with visiting delegations from russia, china, france in the last one month, chief minister devendrafadnavis stated he would like them to have their manufacturing operations base in maharashtra.
(express photo by nirmal harindran) at meetings with visiting delegations from russia, china, france in the last one month, chief minister devendrafadnavis stated he would like them to have their manufacturing operations base in maharashtra.
(express photo by nirmal harindran)the maharashtra government is reaching out to overseas investors to get them to set up manufacturing units in the state and not just confine themselves to business collaboration in projects or just sharing of technological knowledge.
at meetings with visiting delegations from russia, china, france in the last one month, chief minister devendrafadnavis stated he would like them to have their manufacturing operations base in maharashtra.
watch what else is making newsfadnavis discussed policy reforms undertaken by his government in the last two years for ease of doing business including a drastic cut in permit regime.
the permissions required have come down from 78 to 25.
promising all support from the government to investors, fadnavis indicated they could have their units anywhere in maharashtra.
this would help in long-term business and greater collaboration and public participation.
he said that maharashtras market potential should mutually benefit both, and its dividends help in welfare of people in the state.
a senior officer, part of the discussion with foreign delegations to promote make in maharashtra, told the indian express, the state has undertaken major policy corrections in approach to overseas investments in the state.
now, at every meeting, fadnavis outlines the intent clearly emphasising on making investors create assets through manufacturing and infrastructure for development of the state and creating local employment.
the first execution of the changed policy translated into reality at nagpur, where a chinese company has agreed to set up a metro coach manufacturing unit at mihan.
the china railway rolling stock corporation (crrc), a chinese government firm, last fortnight decided to invest rs 1500 crore and set up its manufacturing unit in the multi-modal international cargo hub and airport at nagpur.
putting the pre-condition with overseas investors to contribute to long-term partnership in building assets is to ensure they dont look at maharashtra as a mere market to park products and earn returns.
another reason for such pre-conditions stems from wooing overseas investors to explore beyond the mumbai-pune-nashik corridors.
two weeks ago, cisco ceo chuck robbins announced to build and expand its manufacturing unit in pune and made a commitment for partnership with state governments ambitious digital india projects to provide healthcare and quality education in 29,000 gram panchayats in maharashtra.
apart from holding talks with four foreign delegations in maharashtra, the cm has travelled to israel, japan, united states, china, russia and switzerland to woo investors.
the economic survey released by the centre mentioned 40 per cent boost in foreign direct investment because of make in india drive.
the make in india week (february 13-18) saw a cumulative investment projection of rs 15 lakh crore for the entire country.
of this, maharashtra alone bagged rs 8.
04 lakh crore.
ahead of civic polls, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today announced extension of metro to the neighbouring mira bhayandar area.
the announcement is significant as elections to mira bhayandar municipal corporation would be held in may.
bhiwandi-nizampur municipal corporation in neighbouring thane district, which is also going to polls in may, is already a part of the planned metro network.
as per the earlier announcements, metro phase 2 and metro phase 7 had the last stop in dahisar.
now, these metros will be extended upto mira bhayandar municipal corporation.
the two major localities, mira road and bhayandar, will get metro connectivity, fadnavis said in the assembly today.
the current route of metro-2 is from colaba to seepz and it will be extended upto the airport, covering d n nagar, dahisar and andheri areas, the cm said.
colaba-bandra-seepz metro is underground route, with cost of rs 23,136 crore.
the japanese company, jaica, has agreed to give a loan at 0.
5 per cent interest rate.
the work would be completed in 2020, fadnavis said.
the total length of the andheri east-dahisar east metro line is 16.
5 km, and it will have 16 stations, which will cost the mmrda, the state planning agency, rs 6,208 crore.
the entire metro network in the mumbai region will cover a distance of 172 km, and the state plans to extend it up to 200 km later, fadnavis said.
on september 21, 2017, the union ministry of health and family welfare had suggested measures to protect children from exposure to tobacco products, by introducing an authorisation mechanism.
(representational image) on september 21, 2017, the union ministry of health and family welfare had suggested measures to protect children from exposure to tobacco products, by introducing an authorisation mechanism.
(representational image)the action council against tobacco (act) has urged chief minister devendrafadnavis to issue a circular in the interest of public health, directing all health inspectors, directors of panchayat and urban affairs, and secretaries of local bodies, to strictly monitor and ensure that shops selling tobacco products have the mandatory licence.
a letter in this regard was sent to the chief minister on march 10, where activists had urged him to not succumb to pressures from tobacco lobbyists.
on september 21, 2017, the union ministry of health and family welfare had suggested measures to protect children from exposure to tobacco products, by introducing an authorisation mechanism.
the ministry had asked municipal bodies and local authorities to authorise sale of tobacco at shops on the condition that they would have to be exclusive tobacco shops and cannot sell anything else such as toffees, candies, chips, biscuits, soft drinks.
we have urged chief minister devendrafadnavis to ensure that these guidelines are followed and these shops that exclusively sell tobacco products should not sell goods like toffees, candies, cakes and chips, said dr pankaj chaturvedi, head and neck surgeon at tata memorial hospital and secretary of act.
use of tobacco is a prominent risk factor for 6 to 8 leading causes of death and almost 40 per cent of the non-communicable diseases (ncd), including cancer, cardio-vascular diseases and lung disorders.
almost 13 lakh people die every year in india due to tobacco use.
it is the duty of the state to protect children and improve public health under article 39 and 47 of the constitution of india.
yet, tobacco shops are mushrooming and the harmful product is freely available to our future generations, chaturvedi stated in the letter.
several outlets in mumbai and other cities are still trading in tobacco products, in violation of the cigarettes and other tobacco products (prohibition of advertisement and regulations of trade and commerce production, supply and distribution) act 2003 and rules, the juvenile justice (care and protection of children)act, 2015 and the food safety & standards act, 2006 and regulations, legal metrology act thereby causing danger to our kids, the letter read.
the bjp-shiv sena alliance will remain intact for the 2019 lok sabha elections, pankaja munde, state women and child development minister, said on friday.
both parties have been in an alliance for two decades and i am sure we will be together again, she said.
advertisingthere has been uncertainty over the alliance between the two parties.
however, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who met shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray recently, is reported to have said that the talks were positive.
several bjp ministers in the state are also hoping for an alliance with the shiv sena despite the latter being critical of the bjp-led government.
we have always been together and hope to arrive at an understanding, munde said while interacting with reporters in pune.
munde was in the city to participate in the inauguration function of the working womens hostel, which was cancelled after the terror attack on crpf convoy in pulwama on thursday.
dr d n yadav, ceo of pune cantonment board that had organised the function, said it was cancelled and instead a condolence meeting was held on the occasion.
officials of pune cantonment board, defence estates office and the state minister offered condolences and paid their respects to the crpf personnel.
munde said the despicable act has been condemned by the centre and prime minister narendra modi and defence authorities have assured stern action and taken all necessary measures to safeguard national security.
we are all resolved to fight against the menace of terrorism, munde said.
advertisingthe working womens hostel building of the pcb, on friday was dedicated to the crpf personnel who were killed in the attack.
as a mark of respect, a two-minute silence was observed.
vice-president of pcb priyanka shrigiri and others offered their condolences on the occasion.
later, ceo yadav and pcb officials informed that the hostel building, which consists of 48 rooms of double occupancy, would accommodate 96 working women.
it also has a day care centre for 25 children and is meant for women from low-income groups that cant find accommodation.
yadav said that several women face difficulties while trying to find safe accommodation.
the simmering discontent within the shiv sena against the bjp seems to have been pacified for the time being with chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday promising equitable support to sena mlas on development funds.
the shiv sena demanded higher allocation of funds for their constituencies according to their strength of 63 mlas in the assembly.
we made our demand and we are satisfied with cms assurance.
the cm has given us an assurance that there will be equitable distribution of development funds.
this is a combined government but earlier, the bjp legislators would get more development funds than the sena legislators.
this will now stop and everyone will get equal funds, environment minister and senior sena leader ramdas kadam said.
a sena minister said that during the congress-ncp government, the allocation of budget was in the ratio of 55 and 45 per cent.
the bjp should evolve a formula for allocation that would commensurate with the electoral strength of the sena and the bjp, he said.
the congress-ncp had found a workable formula in the last 15 years.
based on the partys strength, they not only worked out allocation of portfolios in the coalition government, but also the development funds ratio was fixed, he added.
the total allocation for developmental plan is rs 77.
184 crore in the 2017-18 budget.
of the amount, the district scheme allocation is rs 7,562 crore, the special component scheme allocation is rs 7,231 crore and the tribal component schemes allocation is rs 6,754 crore.
another sena leader said: our apprehension is that the bjp being a leading party would stand to gain more from the allocation of budget as they have 123 members in the assembly.
although the sena has a strength of 63 mlas who support the government, we demanded higher allocations.
the senas demand comes a day after an internal meeting with party president uddhav thackeray.
the party has been particularly worried after reports emerged that the state bjp, which last week held a meeting of its core committee members, was contemplating early polls in order to ride on the present wave of support that it enjoys.
the party also indicated that uddhav thackeray was planning state-wide tour.
talking about early elections, a sena minister said: nobody is in favour of immediate polls in our party.
on friday, the shiv sena also raised the demand for farm loan waiver with fadnavis.
the chief minister has promised to look into our demand.
he has assured us that he will ensure that none of the sena mlas have any grouse henceforth, public works department (maharashtra state road development corporation) minister eknath shinde said.
b'former maharashtra deputy chief minister chhagan bhujbal.
(express photo by ganesh shirsekar) former maharashtra deputy chief minister chhagan bhujbal.
(express photo by ganesh shirsekar)while declining a demand to allow imprisoned former deputy chief minister chhagan bhujbal to avail treatment at a private hospital, the maharashtra government said on tuesday that directives would be issued to the prisons department to ensure that top-quality medical treatment and service is provided to bhujbal at the state-run jj hospital, where he is currently admitted.
the 70-year-old nationalist congress party (ncp) legislator, who has been lodged in the arthur road prison after being arrested in a money laundering case in 2016, has been suffering from acute bronchial asthma, among other medical complications.
the ncp has been demanding that the vip prisoner be allowed to avail treatment at a private hospital.
for the second consecutive day, the issue of bhujbals medical treatment came up during the proceedings of both houses of the legislature.
the legislative council had to be adjourned once for 15 minutes, following a heated exchange between the ruling benches and the opposition on the subject of permitting private healthcare to the jailed leader.
chief minister devendrafadnavis mahajanadesh yatra on friday reached nanded in marathwada, the home turf of congress leader and former cm ashok chavan.
advertisingat a rally held at apmc grounds in nanded, fadnavis, without naming chavan, equated his politics to that of the ashoka tree.
ashoka tree always grows vertically to great heights.
but it never gives shelter to anybody, the cm said in marathi.
considered to be the stronghold of the chavan family, chavan had lost the lok sabha seat to prataprao chikhalikar of the bjp earlier this year.
as a sign of changing times, local congress and ncp leaders, along with their followers, participated in the cms yatra.
nandeds former ncp president and former mla bapusaheb deshmukh gothekar officially joined the bjp at the rally.
advertisinga close aide of chavan, requesting anonymity, said, in 2014, despite the modi wave, chavan had won.
but 2019, he lost because of infighting in the congress.
a sizeable section of congress loyalists, who once with the chavans, defected to the bjp or worked against him.
while conceding that assembly polls were going to be a litmus test for chavan, the aide said,the congress will have to go extra mile.
the local bond that the chavan family once enjoyed with the people of nanded is breaking with the generation next no longer sharing similar sentiments.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)on april 25, when maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis approved mumbais new development plan (dp), his government had thumped its back for clearing the mammoth plan within eight months of submission.
but with a growing list of mistakes found in the sanctioned plan, it now appears to have gone on the backfoot.
sources said that the sanctioned plan will undergo another round of changes in the coming week.
fadnavis-led urban development department will introduce a host of corrections to the plan and the development control regulation through a corrigendum, they added.
the department had notified mumbais new development blueprint on may 10.
it is set to come into force from june 9.
on may 23, the indian express had highlighted how the approved plan had lowered the permissible floor space index (fsi) for construction projects in the suburbs of mumbai when compared to the existing levels.
fsi is a development tool that defines the extent of construction permissible on a plot.
it is the ratio of the built-up area to the total plot area.
an fsi of 1 for building on a 10,000 sq m plot would provide a builder a construction right of 10,000 sq m.
under existing rules, an fsi of upto 2.
5 is permissible for building in the suburbs, while the new plan limits the same to fsi 2.
even as the government had on may 10 notified its intention to restore the fsi for suburban projects to the existing level, this proposal was made a part of the excluded plan (ep) of the new blueprint.
the government has sought public objections and suggestions before sanctioning the blueprint.
while the public hearing process, said officials, would take anywhere between three to six months, the existing regulations will lapse as soon as the new blueprint kicks in on june 9.
similarly, in yet another deviation from the existing rules, the new plan has not indexed the extent of the paid fsi (transferable development rights) that can be purchased from the open market to the width of the road in front of the plot.
but the ep reinforces this linkage.
in another glaring mistake, the new plan has contradictory fsi computation models for different provisions.
at one place it says that the fsi will be computed on the gross plot basis, while at another place it claims that the same is to counted on net plot (minus areas to be set aside for recreation grounds and playgrounds).
also, the compensation formula for development of public reservations on private properties differs widely from the existing plan, said a source.
fears that the construction industry would be adversely hit due to these discrepancies have prompted the government to correct these on an urgent basis.
blunders have also been found in the proposed land use in certain pockets.
some of these, too, are expected to be corrected, officials said.
on may 26, the indian express had highlighted how a 22-acre foreshore of the erangal beach in suburban malad had been shown as being a part of the residential zone.
the government has proposed to turn it into a public garden or a park in the ep even as revenue records show that the foreshore has been reserved for fish drying activity of the local fishing community.
the pimpri-chinchwad new township development authority (pcntda), better known as pradhikaran, is currently busy disposing of 25 of its flats which have been lying vacant for 20-25 years.
the approval to dispose of these flats has come from chief minister devendrafadnavis after the bjps local unit claimed that it pursued the issue with the state government for two years.
pcntda has started the process of selling off the flats in its possession to prospective buyers.
pcntda ceo satish khadke said that the flats are at various places in the jurisdiction of pcntda.
they are in the various housing projects implemented by pcntda and could not be disposed of at the time when they were offered for sale.
they could be 20-25-year-old, he said.
the flats are located in wakad, sector 28, sector 20 and yamunanagar area.
pcntda has so far received an overwhelming response in terms of sale of application forms for purchasing the flats.
over 3,000 forms have been sold so far.
the last date is april 25.
the form costs rs 300.
the prospective buyers have submitted a dd (demand draft) of rs 10,000 if they intend to purchase a one-bhk flat and rs 15,000, he said.
both one-bhk and two-bhk flats are on offer.
pcntda officials said considering the current market price, the flats being offered are much cheaper.
a one-bhk flat costs rs 15 lakh and a two-bhk flat costs rs 25 lakh, officials said.
we have calculated the price of the flat considering their depreciation of 20 years or so, officials said.
the lucky buyers will be picked through a lottery system, officials said.
there are reservations for sc and st categories and the flats are also available for open category citizens.
bjp general secretary sarang kamtekar said mla laxman jagtap had taken up the issue of disposing of the flats with the state government.
the approval has finally come from the chief minister, he said.
a fear of defections has gripped the opposition in maharashtra.
amid indications that chief minister devendrafadnavis is set to accommodate former leader of opposition in the assembly, radhakrisna vikhe-patil, and former ncp minister jaidutt kshirsagar in his cabinet, both the congress and the ncp are taking measures to avoid further defections, confirmed sources.
advertisinglast week, congress leaders met at the partys state headquarters in dadar to take stock of the situation.
aiccs maharashtra incharge mallikarjun kharge was also present during the meeting.
we are holding district wise meetings to keep our flock together, a congress leader said.
state congress chief ashok chavan accused the bjp of using power to engineer a split in the party.
they (bjp) wont succeed in their sinister plan.
our legislators are committed to the partys ideology, chavan said.
besides vikhe-patil, four other sitting congress legislators  kalidas kolambkar, nitesh rane, abdul sattar and jaykumar gore  are in touch with the bjps state leadership, confirmed party sources.
sattar has already resigned from the congress, while the others may soon switch sides.
advertisingin the ncp camp, party president sharad pawar is personally taking stock of the situation.
while pawars party has been the most hit by defections since the bjp came to power in the state, speculation that three more senior leaders  including two sitting legislators and a former minister  are planning to jump ship have rattled the partys leadership.
sources said pawar has personally reached out to these leaders.
key desertions from the congress and the ncp had earlier hit the oppositions lok sabha campaign in maharashtra, where both suffered defeats.
congresss satara district president ranjitsinh naik nimbalkar and ncps former mp ranjitsinh mohite-patil were among those who switched sides.
mohite-patils father vijaysinh mohite-patil, a former deputy cm, is also expected to join the bjp soon.
hinting at further defections from the opposition, bjp minister girish mahajan last week claimed that at least 25 mlas of the congress and the ncp were in touch with him.
some of them have either met me personally or called me or sent feelers through a third party that they were interested in joining bjp, said mahajan.
responding to mahajans claims, ncp state president jayant patil said, why does he (mahajan) need to talk about it?
they are simply trying to induce a false impression that the opposition is splitting apart.
but none of this is true.
he, however, admitted that the party has adopted measures to curb defections, while refusing to divulge further details.
chavan, too, hit out at mahajan.
it is the arrogance of power that is making him make such outlandish claims.
a congress leader said, we have had an internal review.
at this moment, none of the other mlas are vulnerable to defection.
but we arent taking any chances.
chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file) chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file)a couple, facing social boycott in their village in coastal konkan, today performed puja of the ganesh idol installed at chief minister devendrafadnavis official residence varsha in south mumbai.
the couple, parmanand hewalekar and wife preetam, had reached the main gate of mantralaya, the state secretariat, yesterday, with an idol of ganesh, after residents of their village barred them from celebrating ganesh puja.
hearing their plight, fadnavis invited them to varsha, an official said.
the couple was on a dharna at mantralaya last night to seek justice against their social boycott.
the hewalekars have been ostracised by the jaat panchayat of their village mahadevache kerwade in kudal tehsil of sindhudurg district.
the ugly specter of caste panchayats in maharashtra resurfaced last month when a 45-year-old autorickshaw driver in pune was allegedly driven to commit suicide after suffering sustained humiliation at the hands of an illicit caste tribunal.
arun kisan naikunji, who belonged to the lingayat gawli caste, allegedly took his own life at his home in punes wadgaon sheri area by hanging himself after he and his family were boycotted relentlessly for two years by the caste tribunal.
he had suffered social exclusion for reportedly supporting an inter-caste marriage, which was attended by the victims brother.
muslim voters and the backward class voters hold the key in deciding the congresss fate in the municipal corporation polls.
the congress, annihilated in the general and assembly polls in mumbai in 2014, is desperate to use the civic elections as a rebuilding platform.
but infighting within its ranks and the high-voltage battle between the shiv sena and the bjp has cost the congress crucial campaign space.
the party seniors are cautiously optimistic of a decent outing.
they are hoping to pick up at least 52 seats, which was the tally in 2012.
watch video | bmc elections 2017: polling begins across maharashtra, mns chief raj thackeray casts his votebesides minorities and the backward classes, the party has been aggressively wooing the north indian lower-middle-class voter, which swung the bjps way in 2014.
the party believes that there has been a meltdown in bjps support in this segment.
it wants to cultivate this voter to supplement its tally.
at the beginning of the campaign, the congress was wary that the all india majlis-e-ittehadul muslimeen (aimim) would make a major dent in its muslim vote bank.
but congress sources are now claiming that the aimim factor would be limited to just a few pockets.
the party has set its eyes on a good show in sion koliwada, dharavi, malad (west), kurla, and mankhurd assembly segments where there is a sizeable minority and backward class voters.
with a lot riding on the elections, the party has fielded civic election veterans on a number of seats while retaining a majority of the sitting party corporators.
party insiders, however, conceded that the campaign had failed to effectively tap the upper-middle-class voter.
senior congress poll strategists admit that the partys poll campaign should have been more aggressive in exposing the shiv sena-bjp misrule.
the last minute defections too hurt the poll prospects.
but the party is still hoping that the serious anti incumbency against the saffron alliance betters its chances.
the congress initially ran a campaign where the unrest against prime minister narendra modis demonetisation was a significant element.
but as the war of words intensified between chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray in the final leg of campaigning, the congress attacked the saffron alliance more aggressively on local issues.
b'during the meeting, which lasted about 30 minutes, shah discussed the achievements and initiatives of the modi government in the last four years.
(express photo) during the meeting, which lasted about 30 minutes, shah discussed the achievements and initiatives of the modi government in the last four years.
(express photo)bjp president amit shah on wednesday met industrialist ratan tata in mumbai as part of his partys contact for support campaign ahead of the 2019 lok sabha elections.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , bjp state unit chief raosaheb danve and other party leaders were also present at the meet held at tatas residence in south mumbai.
during the meeting, which lasted about 30 minutes, shah discussed the achievements and initiatives of the modi government in the last four years.
on his arrival, this afternoon, shah had a brief meeting with fadnavis, danve, state minister vinod tawde and organisation secretary vijay puranik at rangsharda in suburban bandra.
shah is expected to meet shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray later this evening, on a day the sena questioned the bjps outreach programme after defeats in bypolls and asserted it will go solo in all the upcoming elections.
the bjp has launched the sampark for samarthan exercise to mark the fourth anniversary of the modi government as it prepares for the 2019 polls.
around 4,000 bjp functionaries, including chief ministers and union ministers, will contact one lakh people, who are recognised names in their fields, to inform them about the governments achievements.
the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) on thursday said it has ordered a forensic audit of the software it uses to manage its data, payment of salaries, issuing of tenders and services such as issuing of licences.
advertisingthe audit of the sap (system, applications, protocol) software, to be completed within two months, will check the system for any loopholes or tampering as well as its robustness.
speaking at the bmcs general body meeting, additional municipal commissioner vijay singhal said, the forensic audit was ordered last month to check the robustness of the system.
to check if somebody is manipulating the system, for example, opening the tender before the scheduled time or accessing it without permission.
the report is expected within two months, following which we can assess and improve the system.
the opposition had on thursday demanded an inquiry into potential loopholes in the system, after licences were issued to municipal commissioner ajoy mehta for a hookah parlour and chief minister devendrafadnavis for a bar and restaurant.
the two licences were issued in august 2018 with a year-long validity.
president pranab mukherjee speaks during an event at the university in mumbai on friday.
(source: pti) president pranab mukherjee speaks during an event at the university in mumbai on friday.
(source: pti)shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray friday held a meeting with president pranab mukherjee who was on an official visit to the city.
though sena leaders said the meeting was a courtesy call on the president, it comes a few months ahead of the next presidential elections.
president mukherjees tenure expires in july.
in the run up to the presidential elections of 2012, mukherjee had come to mumbai to meet shiv sena chief bal thackeray in what was seen as a move to seek the partys support for his candidacy.
the sena had in october last year said mukherjee should get a second term.
the sena has been increasingly trying to break away from the bjps shadow which it fears threatens the survival of regional parties.
the sena has for the past few months taken political positions that have tried to put the bjp on the mat.
this growing disenchantment has also translated into increasingly cold vibes between sena chief uddhav thackeray and prime minister narendra modi.
while the pm had taken time to speak to maharashtra navnirman sena chief raj thackeray after his success in the five assembly elections, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray is yet to speak to him.
in a related development, a delegation of uddhavs ministers accompanied chief minister devendrafadnavis to delhi to meet union finance minster arun jaitley and union agriculture minister radha mohan singh to apprise them about the farm sector crisis.
the shiv sena has been threatening to block the smooth functioning of the ongoing assembly session in maharashtra if the demands for loan waiver are not met.
we have demanded a complete loan waiver.
the chief minister apprised the finance minister of the situation in the state and sought the centres help.
we will apprise uddhav saheb about the meeting and he will take a final decision on whether the sena will allow the presenting of the budget, said senior shiv sena leader and minister eknath shinde, who was part of the delegation.
bombay high court bombay high courtthe bombay high court today asked maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to personally look into the high-handed and arbitrary manner in which mumbai city collector ashwini joshi was conducting herself.
a division bench of justices v m kanade and p r bora was hearing a petition filed by s c cambata trust challenging a show cause notice issued to them by the collector.
the notice was issued for alleged violation of certain conditions of a 1939 agreement between the trust and the state government for leasing a land for 99 years in south mumbai, which houses the famous eros theatre building.
the collector, in the notice dated february 14, claimed the trust had violated two conditions of the lease agreement -erecting mobile towers on the terrace of the building and creating third-party tenancy rights.
the notice directed the trust to appear before the collector who will then hear them and pass order accordingly.
watch what else is making newsthe trust, while challenging the notice, approached the high court claiming that the collector does not have jurisdiction to hear the matter as the government is the owner of the land.
it also said that due procedure of law was not followed in the matter.
senior counsel milind sathe, appearing for the trust, also pointed out that by looking at the tenor of the notice it appears that the collector has pre-decided the matter and would pass an arbitrary order.
the high court bench, while agreeing to the argument of the trust, said, the action of the collector is without jurisdiction.
the manner in which the collector is proceeding in this matter leaves no doubt in our minds that she (collector) is bent upon passing an order without giving proper hearing to the petitioner.
we express extreme displeasure in the manner in which the collector of mumbai is conducting herself in such matters.
we direct the chief minister of maharashtra to look into the matter personally and find out the state of affairs in the collectors office, justice kanade said.
the collector seems to have started acting in an arbitrary and a high-handed manner.
we want to find out if she is behaving like this on her own accord or at the behest of the government or the cabinet, the court said.
the bench, while staying the notice issued to the cambata trust till further orders, directed the state principal secretary to file an affidavit in four weeks explaining if the collectors action has been initiated on the governments instructions or she has done so by herself.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file)the state cabinet on tuesday issued an ordinance to provide higher compensation and expedite the process of land acquisition for highway projects across urban and rural maharashtra.
the state government has mandated that compensation for land acquired should be at least four times the registered or ready reckoner price.
under the provisions of the right to fair compensation and transparency in land acquisition, rehabilitation act 2018, the state government intends to override the hurdles of land acquisition for larger public projects.
however, it has incorporated various provisions through amendments to ensure compensation to farmers and individuals whose land have been acquired for highway, district highway or rural road projects get four times higher land rates than the ready reckoner (registered price).
the objective is to fast track the ongoing nagpur-mumbai supercommunication expressway (samruddhi corridor) among other such projects.
earlier, the state government had facilitated direct land negotiations between individuals (farmers) mandating at least four times more higher land price for land acquisition for irrigation projects.
in cases where direct negotiations are not taking place, a high powered committee would evaluate the land price and ensure 25 per higher rates than the registered rates.
the decision had came into force on september 1, 2016.
with the amendment the maharashtra state road development corporation (msrdc) will be providing four times the value of the land as compensation to farmers.
this will be applicable for those farmers who did not voluntarily provide their land for the project.
so far we have purchased land from farmers by consent.
but from now on we will directly acquire the land from farmers who have not come forward to sell their land.
however they can still volunteer to sell their land and receive five times the value of the land, said a senior msrdc official.
currently msrdc has acquired around 80 per cent of the land required for the construction of the maharashtra samruddhi corridor.
it proposes to implement the amended law to acquire the remaining land.
we have bought the land for most part of the alignment but we might need to apply the amended law for acquiring around 1,900 hectares of more land.
we propose to complete this in the next two months, he added.
of the 8,604 hectares land required for the construction of the 704-km mumbai-nagpur expressway, 6,679.
93 hectares has been acquired.
for this 17,749 farmers have been paid a compensation of rs 4,628.
18 crore.
in its order passed on april 13, the high court observed that then ats officials, rajendra ghule and ramesh more, had acted within the discharge of their official duty and therefore, government sanction would be necessary to prosecute them.
in its order passed on april 13, the high court observed that then ats officials, rajendra ghule and ramesh more, had acted within the discharge of their official duty and therefore, government sanction would be necessary to prosecute them.
the indore bench of the madhya pradesh high court has set aside the trial of two former officials of the maharashtra anti-terrorism squad (ats) in the case of alleged kidnapping and disappearance of dilip patidar, a witness in the malegaon 2008 blast case.
the maharashtra government has so far not granted sanction to prosecute them.
in its order passed on april 13, the high court observed that then ats officials, rajendra ghule and ramesh more, had acted within the discharge of their official duty and therefore, government sanction would be necessary to prosecute them.
it said that the cbi, the prosecuting agency in the case, shall be free to obtain sanction under section 197 (prosecution of judges and public servants) of the criminal procedure code (crpc) and to proceed with the case, in case it is granted.
the court went on to quash the indore special cbi courts order of july 2017, which had led to the two men facing trial for offences, including wrongful confinement, kidnapping and giving false evidence.
patidar, a 28-year old resident of indore, stayed along with his family as a tenant of ramji kalsangra, the main accused in the blast which occurred on september 29, 2008.
with kalsangra absconding, the maharashtra ats, which was investigating the case, had approached patidar on november 10, 2008.
he was taken to mumbai on november 11 and his statement recorded as a prosecution witness.
the ats had claimed that patidar consented to give a statement to the magistrate under section 164 (recording of confessions and statements) of the crpc and since he did not have any identity proof, he was asked to return home to get it.
patidar has been missing since.
in november 2008, patidar family filed a writ petition before the high court, which subsequently led to the registration of an fir against the ats officials.
the cbi, which later began a probe into patidars disappearance, filed two closure reports in 2014 and 2016 before the special court, which were rejected.
warrants were issued against ghule and more in 2016.
ghule and more appealed against the special courts order and submitted that they had taken patidar to mumbai in connection with the case as part of their official duty.
their advocates submitted that only because patidar is missing, it cannot be said that the two officials have committed an offence.
the cbi, however, opposed the appeal saying that the act of the two officers was not in official capacity and therefore, needed no government sanction.
in the considered opinion of this court, it can safely be gathered from the record available that the present petitioners (ghule and more) came down to indore on the instructions of their senior officer.
the local police was informed accordingly and they went to the house of the complainant along with local police and took one person (patidar) along with them to mumbai.
he was produced before the senior officers at mumbai, and thereafter, he was permitted to go back.
all this was done on the instructions of the senior officer and the local police was also informed, the indore bench of the high court said.
it added that these acts were done while discharging their official duty, hence, sanction to prosecute them is certainly required in the matter.
in may 2016, patidars family had approached chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai, seeking permission for grant of sanction to prosecute ghule and more.
even as the frontrunner for the redevelopment of asias largest slum claimed that the maharashtra government appears set to call for fresh tenders for the dharavi redevelopment project, a committee of secretaries on monday referred the matter to maharashtras advocate general (ag) for a legal opinion.
on monday, following a meeting of the committee of secretaries, chief secretary ajoy mehta forwarded the file on awarding the contract for the project to ag ashutosh kumbhakoni.
advertisingseclink, a consortium of firms backed by the dubai royal family, told the indian express that there could be a diplomatic fallout if the project is tendered out afresh.
the consortium said the delay is a matter of concern to its international investors.
in june last year, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had met members of the dubai royal family while on a visit there and had discussed the subject of redevelopment of dharavi.
seclink emerged as the frontrunner in february after the last round of tendering for the rs 28,000-crore project.
the only other company in the fray was the adani group.
even after finishing as the frontrunner in the bids, the state government is delaying the awarding of the contract to us.
the delay is creating a negative image of the country, a spokesperson for seclink told the indian express.
he added that the consortium would not hesitate to litigate if fresh tenders are called for the long-delayed project to tear down asias largest slum and rehouse the approximately 68,000 families residing there.
advertisinga source in the states dharavi redevelopment authority said the delay in awarding the contract was on account of the time-consuming process of acquiring nearly 45 acres of railway-owned land to be included in the project area.
seclink has contended that the issue of acquisition of railway land had already been decided in a pre-bid meeting on december 13, 2018, with bidders told that the cost of acquisition of this land would be borne by the special purpose vehicle that is awarded the contract.
the spokesperson said seclink had already given its written consent to the clause regarding the cost of acquiring these 45 acres located in matunga.
last month however, the state government directed the maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada) and the slum rehabilitation authority (sra) to raise rs 800 crore for this land.
the state directed that mhada would raise rs 200 crore, sra rs 300 crore while rs 300 crore would be raised by dipping into mhadas niwara fund, meant for creating housing stock for economically weaker sections.
dharavi, asias largest slum, is situated in the heart of mumbai, barely a few hundred metres from one of the worlds most expensive business districts, bandra kurla complex.
seclink finished ahead in the tendering with a quote of rs 7,200 crore while the adani group quoted rs 4,539 crore.
district officials said the figure of 216 in the first three months of this year was smaller compared with the 273 suicides during the corresponding period in 2016.
(file photo) district officials said the figure of 216 in the first three months of this year was smaller compared with the 273 suicides during the corresponding period in 2016.
(file photo)even as chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday assured the state legislature that the government was exploring ways to waive farm loans, farmer suicide toll in marathwada crossed the 200-mark this year.
by monday evening, the figure of suicides in eight districts of marathwada stood at 216.
besides marathwada, western maharashtra was also rocked by farmer suicides on monday night, as two brothers ended their lives in karad taluka of satara district.
initial police investigation revealed that the duo, jagannath chavan (41) and vijay chavan (33), allegedly ended their lives due to pressure by banks to clear unpaid loans, officers said.
according to the police, while jagannath consumed poison, an hour later, vijay threw himself in front of a running train after learning about his brothers death.
the brothers, residents of wadgaon haveli village, were educated and known as progressive farmers in the region, an officer said.
the chavans family refused to conduct their last rites till action was taken against the banks responsible, and the funerals were held only after the police and district officials pacified them, the officer added.
when contacted, satara district collector ashwin mudgal said they had directed the police to take necessary action following the complaint made by the relatives of the deceased.
on our part too, i have asked officials to find out the details about their loans and allegations pertaining to harassment by banks, mudgal said, adding that he expected a report by thursday and would then initiate action.
he said district guardian minister sadabhau khot had visited the family of the deceased farmers and promised all assistance.
meanwhile, in marathwada, of the 216 deaths, beed registered the highest suicide figure of 40.
it was followed by nanded at 38 deaths and osmanabad at 37.
district officials said the figure of 216 in the first three months of this year was smaller compared with the 273 suicides during the corresponding period in 2016.
beed district collector naval kishore ram said efforts were underway to bring down suicides, but several factors were contributing to the problem.
not just mounting debts or crop failure, but other factors, such as family or health problems, are also driving farmers to suicides, he said.
huddled with a group of 80 muslim women at chief minister devendrafadnavis mahajanadesh yatra at chandrapur on august 5, ameena sheikh did not shout slogans in favour of the ruling party.
advertisingwe are not rooting for the bjp or its politics, but we are happy with the bachat gat (self help group (shg)) scheme.
we want to get into mainstream.
it holds for our self reliance and alternate livelihood, sheikh, who is in mid-30s, said.
bachat gat is a government welfare scheme to provide micro-finance to women entrepreneurs and aims at women empowerment.
farm worker suresh kisan deovalkar, who attended the cms rally in amravatis gurukunj morjari on august 1, said his only concern was drought.
we use agriculture pump once a week or fortnight due to acute water crisis.
i came to hear what the chief minister would say about water scarcity.
i am glad he discussed our problems, he said.
in gondia district, devendra meshram from mundagoan surgana village has been struggling to get an agriculture pump connection for last one year.
the farmer, who owns four acres of land, said, he was at the august 4 rally at arjuni taluka to find out what developmental projects the chief minister would announce for his district.
advertisingas the first leg of the mahajanadesh yatra covering vidarbha region concluded on august 6, the bjp has claimed that there was a high participation of youths and women at it rallies that covered 1,069 km and 39 assembly constituencies.
the yatra, which commenced on august 1, heralded the unofficial kickoff of the bjps election campaign for the assembly polls, scheduled later this year.
at each of his rallies in the first phase of the yatra, fadnavis tried to woo people, mostly farmers, by reiterating that his government has invested rs 50,000 crore in agriculture sector in the past five years, which was much higher than the rs 20,000 crore that the previous congress-ncp government had invested during the 15 years they were in power in the state.
his second hook was the 1.
5 lakh new agriculture pumps sanctioned by the bjp-led government since 2014, including those pending from the congress-ncp regime.
fadnavis also drew attention to the industrial hubs  from textile to defence  that were set up in vidarbha.
yatras chief coordinator sujit singh thakur said, unlike in the past, where politics was the central theme, fadnavis focussed on his developmental politics during the mahajanadesh yatra.
claiming that it was for the first time that any chief minister had presented to the people an account of what the bjp-led government did in last five years, agriculture minister anil bonde said, for the first time we have seen a cm who is presenting to the people audit of his five years work district wise.
at the same time, the cm has also revealed the shortcomings (of the government).
people, especially in rural areas, can easily judge the his level of sincerity.
earlier, till 2013-14, maharashtra politics weighed around gopinath munde and nitin gadkari in marathwada and vidarbha, with their territories clearly demarcated  munde in marathwada, and gadkari in vidarbha.
five years later, fadnavis forayed into vidarbha, indicating that he is trying to redraw the in-house political boundaries.
interestingly, bjps slogan at every rally or roadshow also projected fadnavis as the undisputed leader of maharashtra  devendrafadnavis aage badho, maharashtra aap ke saath hain.
on his part, fadnavis ensured there was a mention of gadkari at every rally, especially in the context of national highways.
as a part of the strategy, ministers and elected representatives were seen sharing the limelight in their respective areas.
for instance, power minister chandrashekhar bawankule accompanied fadnavis during the yatra in nagpur district, while finance minister sudhir mungantiwar was seen alongside the cm at the chandrapur rally.
of the total 62 assembly seats in vidarbha region, bjp had won 44, shiv sena four, congress 10, ncp one and independent candidates bagged three in 2014 assembly polls.
to improve its tally this time, the yatra forayed not just through bjps strongholds, but also constituencies held by ally shiv sena, and the opposition congress and ncp.
its 5 on a wednesday morning and jagannath rupanwar, 50, has risen much before the sun.
driver of a tanker that supplies water to villages in mokhada, a tehsil in maharashtras palghar district, he washes the vehicle, fixes two 40-foot-long pipes on top of the tanker, recites a quick prayer, and by 5.
45 am, has hit the road for his first trip of the day  a 40-km journey to dhamodi village from the mokhada junction, where rupanwar has spent the night, stretched out on a thin mattress on the roof of the drivers cabin of the truck.
advertisingrupanwar says it will take him about two hours to get to dhamodi, a village on the maharashtra-gujarat border.
the area is hilly and wooded, roads are narrow and difficult to navigate.
i usually drive at around 20-30 kmph, especially when the tanker is full, he says.
the tanker holds 12,000 litres of water that rupanwar had filled the previous night and, as the water hits the sides of the truck, it makes a soft, splashing sound.
maharashtra is reeling under one of its worst water emergencies in years.
with a large part of the states rural population grappling with an acute water shortage, tankers such as rupanwars are a lifeline for these parched regions.
the government has deployed 6,597 tankers to supply water to 5,243 villages and 11,293 hamlets across 29 districts, making this the highest ever deployment of such vehicles in the state.
around this time last year, only 1,777 tankers were in operation in rural maharashtra.
mokhada, an impoverished tribal tehsil in palghar district located about 135 km from mumbai, has been particularly hard hit since january, depending almost entirely on water tankers.
at present, 34 tankers of 12,000 litres each, supply water to 46,650 residents across 28 villages and 77 hamlets in the region.
advertisingthe upper vaitarna dam is barely 35 km from mokhada, but supplies a substantial portion of its water to mumbai.
about 28 per cent of mumbais daily water supply  1,000 million litres out of 3,600  is met through supplies from the upper and lower vaitarna dams.
while the wagh river also snakes through the region, villagers say that in the absence of measures to tap its water, much of it goes wasted.
its now 7 am and the morning sun softly touches the trucks dashboard.
as the vehicle lumbers along, past large tracts of dry earth, rupanwar keeps his eye on the road ahead.
two men walking down the road wave at rupanwar.
he nods and smiles in acknowledgment.
this place has become my second home.
people here are very kind, but i feel sorry for them.
look at this heat.
and to top it, there is no water.
this year has been particularly bad.
water sources in almost all the villages have dried up.
usually, tankers run between march and june.
this year, weve been deployed since january, he says.
a truck driver since 1994, rupanwar  his friends call him jagu anna  has been supplying water to villages in mokhada taluka for the past seven years.
he is usually not at the wheel around the close of the year  rupanwar is also a grape cultivator and is back at his three-acre farm in agalgaon, his village in sangli district, about 600 km away.
until 2004, when the commissioning of a much-delayed irrigation project made farming a sustainable activity, his native tehsil, kavathe mahankal, suffered from a chronic water scarcity.
its only now that there is some money from farming.
i had been driving to earn a living much before that.
besides, grape cultivation takes place only between october and february and there isnt much to do thereafter.
so i drive this truck and live here, he says, tapping his steering wheel.
on the dashboard in front are fragments of this life on the move  a couple of steel plates, a kitchen knife, pictures of gods and a black cap.
on his right is a pair of aviator glasses, hanging from a toothbrush holder.
rupanwar does not own the truck, but claims even the owner  who pays himrs 15,000 a month  does not touch the vehicle without asking me.
this truck and i make a good team.
we were first paired up about two decades ago.
since then, we havent had a single accident, he says, adding that when he bought a new hero honda motorcycle some years ago, he paid extra to ensure the two-wheeler had the same number plate as his truck.
after navigating three difficult bends along a slope, the truck finally hits a dirt track.
almost there.
we should reach in 10 minutes, claims rupanwar.
it is 7.
30 am when the truck reaches dhamodi village, the first halt of the day.
rupanwar parks his truck next to the village well, and climbs up to hurl down the pipes.
he attaches one end of a pipe to the tanks tap and directs the other end to the well.
just as the water comes gushing out, two women rush towards the tanker carrying plastic pots tied at the neck with ropes.
their homes are the nearest to the well and they had heard the truck as it entered the village.
minutes later, other women and children come running towards the well, vessels in hand.
it should take about 20 minutes to empty 12,000 litres into the well, rupanwar says.
sailee vaze, 41, climbs on to the raised wall of the 40-foot-deep well and suspends her plastic pot.
guniben vaze, 62, does the same.
in no time, others do the same, their pots rappelling down the well.
this tanker comes every alternate day.
so i will have to stock up for tomorrow, says sailee, adding that she will have to draw about 10 pots of water to see her family through the next couple of days.
as guniben dangerously bends over the wall of the well, now peering into the inky black water, she brusquely dismisses those who ask her to step back.
dhamodi, a village of 452 people, depends almost entirely on the well for its water.
with little water and no means of irrigation, villagers only do subsistence farming, growing ragi and rice when theres some water.
our women have to walk long distances to fetch water.
this summer has been the worst.
the water in the well dried up in january.
the tanker has been our only hope since then, says ramesh vaze, 39, a villager.
he is among the few young men in the village  most of them are away in cities such as navi mumbai, nashik, bhiwandi and wapi (in gujarat), where they work at construction sites, coming back only during the monsoons.
by now, all 12,000 litres have been emptied into the well.
as squabbles break out near the well and pots clash angrily, ramesh says the well will go dry within two hours.
rupanwars next destination is the water filling station  a percolation tank located 42 km from dhamodi.
the station is one of the three filling points in the tehsil identified by the government to fill water tankers.
for seven days of the week, rupanwars routine involves filling up water from this tank, heading out to a village, emptying water, and then coming back for a refill.
some days, he covers three villages, four on others, covering an average of 150 km a day.
an hour and a half later, around 9.
40 am, on his way to the filling station, the truck halts near mokhadas main junction, at a tea stall that is a popular stopover for tanker drivers.
it is time for some chai-naasta.
as we run on tight schedules, there is no time for a lunch break.
so we eat a quick, small breakfast, he says, ordering chai and bhaji.
as he greets some of the other tanker drivers, he says, most of the tanker drivers in mokhada are from sangli.
we have been employed by the same contractor.
we are like family.
soon, the contractor, vijay shinde, 47, and his associate, kakasaheb patil, 49, both from sangli, join in.
over tea, shinde complains about the state of the water business.
it isnt as good as it used to be.
the rent we get from the government has gone up, but our margins have dropped, he claims.
patil admits that in the past contractors could inflate bills, but since 2015, there are gps devices on each truck.
tankers are tracked on a real-time basis.
shinde has a fleet of 44 trucks, of which 34 run in mokhada and the others in neighbouring tehsils.
of the 34 trucks, shinde himself owns seven and has hired the rest from other tanker owners for a fee.
at rs 158 per 1,000 litre, shinde gets a rent of rs 1,896 per tanker per day from the government.
along with the rs 24 that they get for every kilometre travelled, contractors such as shinde make about rs 5,500 per tanker per day.
but we pay for everything else  the diesel, drivers salaries, rents for the trucks on hire, and vehicle maintenance, he says.
over the years, the local administration has found it difficult to get contractors to work in this backward region.
this year, bids had to be floated six times before the administration signed up shinde  his firm was the only one that applied.
these areas are challenging.
villages are spread out and the water has to be carried over longer distances.
many roads arent motorable.
besides, there is no petrol pump or garage in the entire tehsil.
so if your vehicle breaks down in this heat, you have to travel at least 30 km to another tehsil to get a mechanic to fix the truck, says shinde.
two years ago, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had set 2019 as the year to make maharashtra tanker-free, vouching for the water conservation and drought-proofing works carried out under the governments flagship jalyukt shivar initiative.
with the target falling short, the opposition has been raising questions over the implementation of the programme.
refuting the allegations, fadnavis has contended that it was the erratic monsoon this year that led to the water shortage.
three of the last five monsoons have been deficient and while the weathermen have predicted a normal monsoon this year, it is already late.
dilip sonar, 50, a mechanic with the states water supply department, turns up at the tea stall.
sonar has overseen tanker water supplies in the tehsil for over a decade and he is the man locals often turn to if there is any disruption in supplies.
the water shortage is acute, but we have put adequate measures to ensure villagers get water till the monsoon arrives, he says, stopping to ask patil to direct all the stationary tankers to the filling station, 5 km away.
at some distance from the filling point, the tankers line up, rupanwars truck leading the queue of eight trucks.
patil and sonar carefully inspect the dirt road, walking for about a kilometre to make sure the road  the soil still soft from the overnight rains  can take the weight of the trucks.
patil then signals rupanwar to bring in his truck to the filling station.
at the filling station, rupanwar stations his truck next to a generator.
a site assistant attaches a pipe from the tanker to the generator, which sucks water out of the reservoir and drops it inside the tanker.
once the tanker is filled, rupanwar adds chlorine to it.
later, sonar performs a test to assess the waters potability.
it is past noon.
the refilled tanker is now headed to kundachapada, about 22 km away.
we are behind schedule.
lets move, directs sonar, who is still in rupanwars truck.
a nashik resident, sonars daily routine involves catching a 5.
15 am bus to come to mokhada, 62 km from his home.
once here, he goes to the filling station, ensures the tankers are filled, checks the water quality, coordinates with tanker drivers and the contractor, and visits some villages for surprise inspections.
during these summer months, i usually wrap up work only after 9.
15 pm and reach home after 11.
30 pm, he says.
rupanwar drops sonar off at a nearby junction, where some villagers are waiting to meet him.
well take an hour and a half to reach our destination, says rupanwar as the truck now hurtles down another dirt track on its way to kundachapada.
its around 2 pm when the truck reaches kundachapada village.
rupanwar parks the truck under the shade of a mango tree.
again, the hose from atop the tanker rolls down and rupanwar connects it to a long pipe that the gram panchayat has installed at the well.
there is chaos as soon as the water starts gushing out.
schoolchildren, still in their uniforms, clamber on to well with their pots.
villagers push and shove, elbowing each other and knocking pots around.
since the bottom of the well is muddy, most people rush to collect water directly, at the point where it enters the well.
we have been waiting since 8 am for the truck to arrive, says vanita jadhav, 27, angrily.
with a population of around 700, kundachapada is served by two tankers every day.
but with the overnight rain causing a hold-up at the filling station, the tanker that was to deliver water in the morning, has not yet arrived, while rupanwar himself is running a couple of hours behind schedule.
dharti digha, 32, balances four pots on her head and walks home briskly.
i cannot speak.
i have to make multiple trips for water.
it will take me at least three hours, she says.
the tank now empty, rupanwar leaves the villagers squabbling around the well and heads out.
he will have to refill the tank again, before moving to the next destination  hattichapada.
as he drives to the filling station, eyes firmly on the road ahead, rupanwar recalls how, growing up in sangli, he had to cycle several kilometres to fetch water.
as the truck passes a village, a man waves the vehicle down and hands over a tiffin to rupanwar.
he is the local schoolmaster.
he often cooks for me a kind man.
around 4 pm, as the truck leaves the filling point for a second time in the day, it is cloudy.
hattichapada is about 12 km away and rupanwar drives urgently.
it starts to rain just as the truck is about to reach the village and rupanwar slows down, reaching the site around 4.
40 pm.
theres no one at the village well.
the rains have forced the locals indoors.
as rupanwar starts emptying the water into the well, ramdas nadge, 37, walks up to him and pats him on the back.
you are a good man.
you are our lifeline.
his wife, thekki, pleads, please do something to get us a water supply connection.
this is the last trip of the day and rupanwar is visibly tired, his right hand on the steering wheel and the left slumped on the gear stick.
he turns on the music system  yuhi chala chal rahi, it plays.
rupanwar turns on the volume knob and hums along.
around 6.
15 pm, he parks his truck near the mokhada intersection; there are other water tankers here before him.
we cook in the truck and sometimes eat together.
after dinner, all of us sleep in our vehicles itself.
its a hard life, but at least we are doing our bit to help people, says rupanwar.
once the monsoon arrives, and reservoirs fill up, he knows he will be back home.
advertisingaround 8.
30 pm, the drivers are all back in their trucks.
as he hops into the drivers seat, rupanwar turns on the ignition key, looks at the odometer and smiles: look, we rode 148 km today.
a day after the state government announced that novolipetsk steel, or nlmk, one of the largest steel companies in russia, is likely to make an investment of rs 800 crore in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the project will come up at auric city in aurangabads delhi mumbai industrial corridor.
advertisingthe representatives nlmk on thursday met the cm in mumbai to discuss the project.
in all, the company is set to invest rs 6,800 crore in the project.
it will invest rs 800 crore in the first phase, followed by rs 6,000 crore in the second phase, which will begin in 2022.
the nlmk is setting up units in auric city.
the project will bring in investment and also open up new avenues for employment generation, fadnavis said.
congress on tuesday targeted the ruling bjp for inducting what it said a mcoca accused in the party fold in pune district, ahead of upcoming elections to zilla parishads.
in a statement issued today, state unit congress spokesman sachin sawant said the bjp by admitting vitthal shelar in the party has proved that its talks on morality and probity in public life are hollow.
watch what else is in the newsshelar joined bjp at a function held in mawal taluka in pune district last week, in the presence of bjp mla and district guardian minister girish bapat.
a bjp leader in pune today said it was difficult for the party to check antecedents of each and every individual joining them as scores of people are coming to the party fold.
however, he said the party will look into this matter.
meanwhile, congress said the bjps conduct is becoming unsuitable for the party in power.
by inducting shelar who was arrested under mcoca and out on bail, the bjp which boasts of morality and probity in public life has exposed itself, sawant stated.
he criticised chief minister devendrafadnavis for not acting against tainted ministers.
state bjp president raosaheb danve publicly asks voters to accept money before casting their vote.
there are 21 ministers who face various allegations of irregularities.
still, chief minister devendrafadnavis gives them a clean chit and also inducts various anti-social elements in the partywhen exposed the bjp leaders speak untruth, sawant stated.
he alleged that a large chunk of cash was seized from the bjp leaders post demonetisation.
the first phase of the kaleshwaram lift irrigation project in telangana said to be one of the biggest irrigation and drinking water supply projects in the world, is set for inauguration on june 21.
advertisingon thursday, telangana chief minister k chandrashekar rao invited maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis as the chief guest for the inauguration.
according to officials, raos andhra pradesh counterpart y s jagan mohan reddy may also attend the event.
fadnavis has been invited because, in march 2016, the maharashtra government agreed to the telangana governments water-sharing arrangement if a dam or barrage was constructed across the river godavari.
the matter has been the cause for acrimony between united andhra pradesh and maharashtra for nearly four decades.
the agreement paved the way for the construction of the mega irrigation and drinking water supply project at medigadda.
on friday, rao announced that water would be pumped from next month onwards.
advertisingthe mega project  projected to cost roughly rs 1,00,000 crore on completion  extends approximately 1,832 kms across the state, of which, 1,531 are gravity canals and 203 kms comprise water tunnels.
it is expected to provide water to 20 lakh acres across karimnagar, rajanna sircilla, siddipet, medak, yadadri, nalgonda, sangareddy, nizamabad, jagtial, kamareddy, nirmal, medchel, and peddapally assembly constituencies.
when completed, the project is expected to supply water to 70 percent of the states 31 districts for irrigation, drinking and industrial use.
water from the godavari at medigadda, which is about 100 meters below sea level, will be lifted in six stages and supplied to kondapochamma sagar, which is at a height of 618 metres above sea level.
some of the biggest pumps in the world have been set up at various locations in the state to lift 2 thousand million cubic feet (tmc) of water every day this year.
next year, the capacity will by ramped up to lift 3 tmc of water every day.
a total of 20 water lifts and 19 pump houses will be involved.
with the construction of barrages at medigadda, annaram, and sundilla, the water would be pumped to fill reservoirs constructed at yellampally and sriram sagar projects.
according to officials, this means the river will be diverted to flow approximately 200 kms into the state.
the power requirement for the project is also enormous.
according to estimates, 4992.
7 mw of power will be needed to lift 2 tmc of water and 7,152 mw will be needed to lift 3 tmc.
for the first time in the country, the states electricity supply boards are using 139 mw pumps for the project in ramadugu.
chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday said more textile hubs will have to be set up across the state and vidarbha made its epicentre to ensure 100 per cent procurement and processing of cotton.
at present, only 25 per cent of the cotton produced is being processed.
there is huge potential for textile growth as 75 per cent of the cotton available remains untapped and under-utilised in industrial sectors, he said after performing a bhoomipujan for a textile park and inaugurating a spinning plant of gimatex at hinghanghat in nagpur district on sunday.
fadnavis said that he has also put across a proposal regarding the same to the centre.
while acknowledging the urgency to evolve a mechanism for the growth of the textile industry, he said, not long ago, cotton  a cash crop  was always known as white gold and vidarbha  the biggest cotton-producing region in the country  has brought social and economic prosperity to farmers.
however, he lamented, the last couple of decades saw the white gold losing its shine because of wrong farm policies and lack of irrigation potential driving farmers to crisis.
reiterating the governments resolve to make vidarbha and marathwada free of farmer suicides, the chief minister said, we want to make amravati the international textile centre and the adjoining districts in vidarbha will have many textile and spinning centres.
every unit will pave way for ally and ancillary operations providing new avenues of work to local youths.
to translate the governments commitment of farm to fashion through public-private investments, he said the governments objective is to bring social security and economic prosperity to the farmers in the region.
he also emphasised on the partnership between farmers and industries with the use of technology and research to facilitate optimum benefits.
along with textile hubs, the government will also provide locals expertise in skill development which will help the textile industries, he assured.
the textile centres and its related units are earmarked across yavatmal, amravati, chikli (buldhana), jamner (jalgaon), kannad (aurangabad), selu (parbhani), bhaler (nandurbar), malegaon (nashik), kunnor (nanded), mazalgaon (beed).
in all, between 2010 and 2016, 202 liquor licences (165 country liquor, 37 foreign liquor) were shown as renewed.
records show that naik issued the bulk of these approvals (194 out of 202).
in all, between 2010 and 2016, 202 liquor licences (165 country liquor, 37 foreign liquor) were shown as renewed.
records show that naik issued the bulk of these approvals (194 out of 202).
a probe, which began following a routine inquiry by maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis on how four retail liquor shops sprung up in his assembly constituency, has now revealed that between 2010 and 2016, several private dealers were issued fresh retail liquor permits in the guise of renewal of existing licences.
officially, there has been a freeze since 1974 on issuance of new liquor permits in maharashtra.
watch what else is making newsfadnavis first learnt about the new liquor stores in the nagpur south-west constituency in september 2015.
when his office inquired into how these came up, it was informed that these were among the 21 licences which had been relocated to nagpur from other districts under revision orders issued during cabinet minister for excise ganesh naiks tenure in the congress-ncp government.
further complaints of irregularities and graft in the process prompted the fadnavis-led home department to stay the relocation of these licences on september 24.
but a month later, the high court overturned this stay, which was later even upheld by the supreme court on july 7, 2016, following which the chief minister ordered the detailed probe.
while the fadnavis government has been in office since october 31, 2014, the congress-ncp regime was in power previously.
the governments probe found that all licence approvals during the period were issued under the ministers discretionary powers after district-level officials had rejected all these applications at their level on the ground of ineligibility, government sources here said.
in all, between 2010 and 2016, 202 liquor licences (165 country liquor, 37 foreign liquor) were shown as renewed.
records show that naik issued the bulk of these approvals (194 out of 202).
but sources confirmed that bjps serving minister of state, dilip kamble, who was the mos for excise from october 31, 2014 to july 7, 2016, had issued the remaining eight orders using the same discretionary power.
section 138 of the maharashtra liquor prohibition act, 1949, gives the minister powers to revise, modify, annul or reverse any proceeding relating to grant or refusal of a licence.
cm fadnavis told the indian express, some irregularities were noticed.
so, i had asked (excise commissioner) v radha to probe the matter.
he said the probe report is yet to reach him.
the most alarming finding in the probe, the report of which has been accessed by the indian express, was the existence of several cases where renewal orders were issued for non-existing licences.
there were also cases where similar approvals were issued for licences that had already been surrendered.
this translated into flouting of the embargo on new licences and also caused enormous revenue loss to the exchequer, said a source.
the state excise department has a list of 21 relevant documents which are required in renewal cases.
indicating that verification of records was not done before issuing the orders, the inquiry found 24 most suspicious cases where approvals were issued when no mandatory support document was present.
there were 74 other instances when approvals were granted on the basis of just one or two support documents.
the inquiry also found some cases where unsigned government letters was used as documentary evidence.
a vast number of cases involved licences which were dormant for several years.
renewal is an annual process for functional permits.
it cannot be applied to dormant licences.
they are to be separately treated as cases of re-validation, the report states.
the inquiry also found that in most cases interest for the period of non-operation was not collected.
this alone cost the exchequer rs 52 crore.
procedures for admission of revision appeals before the minister werent followed at all.
such applications must contain recommendations of the district collector and the excise commissioner and should have been routed through them.
but this wasnt done at all, the report adds.
norms for licence transfer to legal heirs and relocation of the permit were also not followed in several cases, it says.
kamble said, i did no wrong.
due process was followed before issuance of the orders during my tenure.
naik, meanwhile, said the orders i gave were based on evidences put before me by the department staff and applicants.
b'a shopkeeper puts up a board asking customers to bring their own carry bag following a ban on plastic in worli on monday.
(nirmal harindran) a shopkeeper puts up a board asking customers to bring their own carry bag following a ban on plastic in worli on monday.
(nirmal harindran)three weeks after issuing a notification banning various single-use plastic items, including bottles and carry bags, the maharashtra government on monday formed one more committee to study the issue.
the panel will specifically look at suggestions given by plastic manufacturers regarding its production, use and recycling.
the decision to form the secretary-level committee, the fourth panel formed since the ban was imposed on march 23, was taken at a meeting chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday.
on the committee are additional chief secretary to the cm pravin pardeshi, additional chief secretary in the environment department satish gavai, additional chief secretary (industries) sunil porwal and member secretary of the maharashtra pollution control board p anbalagan.
mondays meeting was also attended by three shiv sena leaders  minister for environment ramdas kadam, minister for industries subhash desai and yuva sena chief aaditya thackeray.
the committee will study the feasibility of suggestions given by the plastic manufactures and will report to the high power committee headed by me.
then we will take a call on it, said kadam, adding that he planned to make available funds worth rs 2 crore for each district, in order to make cloth bags available as a replacement.
four associations of plastic manufacturers made a presentation opposing the plastic ban and contending that an extended producers responsibility about collection and recycling of plastic waste would suffice to tackle the plastic menace.
a source said one of the senior bureaucrats at the meeting was of the opinion that the manufacturers suggestion be accepted and a modified notification be issued.
the sena leaders opposed the move on the grounds that accepting the manufacturers demands would practically mean rolling back the ban.
plastic bags below 40 microns were banned in 2005, then those below 50 microns were banned in 2014.
what were these manufacturers doing all these years?
asked one of the ministers who attended the meeting.
the manufacturers reportedly suggested at the meeting that they would deploy tempos and people at strategic points such as railway stations, hotels, hospitals for collection of plastic.
one of them also came forward with an alternative of a compostible bag for milk, along with certificates from labs such as indian institute of packaging, an autonomous body of the ministry of commerce and industry, and the central pollution control board.
on the day the ban came into force, two committees were formed  an empowered committee under the chairmanship of the minister for environment to monitor the implementation of the ban and an expert committee to make recommendations for effective implementation of the ban.
then, in the first week of april, kadam announced a third committee consisting of 10 members from various associations, including government officials to look into the challenges of implementing the ban.
the bombay high court on friday dismissed a petition challenging the appointment of radhakrishna vikhe-patil, jaydutt kshirsagar and avinash mahatekar as ministers in the devendrafadnavis government.
advertisingon the eve of the monsoon session of the assembly, chief minister devendrafadnavis had inducted 13 new ministers into his cabinet, including vikhe-patil and kshirsagar, both of whom had resigned as members of the legislative assembly after they switched over from the opposition to join the bjp and shiv sena, respectively.
the petition was moved by surinder mohan arora, president of the bharat jan aadhar party and social activists sanjay kale and sandeep kulkarni, seeking that the appointment of all three be quashed and an interim injunction restraining them from acting as ministers be granted.
the ministers, petition stated, should be disqualified on the ground of defection as per the constitution.
it said they had no intention of being elected within the next six months as per the representation of the people act.
advertisinga division bench of justices s c dharmadhikari and g s patel said the constitutional provisions doesnt prohibit appointments of non legislators as ministers by the parties in power.
in the affidavit filed by vikhe-patil, he has said that anybody can be appointed as a minister and article 164 (4) of the indian constitution made it abundantly clear that a minister will cease to hold the post of a minister if he, at the expiration of six months, is not elected as a member of the state legislature.
clause (4) of article 164 of the constitution states that a minister (which includes a chief minister), who for any period of six consecutive months is not a member of the legislature of a state, shall at the expiration of that period cease to be a minister.
vikhe-patil had quit the congress to join the bjp, while kshirsagar had quit the ncp to join the sena.
the two, including mahatekar, who is associated with the rpi, were inducted into the cabinet on june 16.
forty-four year old babu ghulam rasool shaikh, employed at the deonar abattoir for 22 years now, says the number of animals being slaughtered has dipped by 40 per cent in two years.
prashant nadkar forty-four year old babu ghulam rasool shaikh, employed at the deonar abattoir for 22 years now, says the number of animals being slaughtered has dipped by 40 per cent in two years.
prashant nadkarelections to municipal bodies may commonly be dominated by highly localised concerns of voting communities, such as an overflowing drain, contaminated water supply, unpaved roads or the condition of the nearby public school or dispensary.
but in and around the deonar abattoir, indias largest such facility at 64 acres, discussions about the coming elections to the brihanmumbai municipal corporation invariably veer towards a nearly two-year-old development: the ban on slaughter of bulls.
while slaughter of cows was already banned in maharashtra, the beef ban law or the maharashtra animal preservation (amendment) bill that came into force in march 2015 prevented trade in bull meat.
nearly two years have passed since, but for the qureshi community, the losses from the ban continue to hurt, and their support in the coming polls is to any candidate or party who will back their continuing litigation against the beef ban.
watch what else is making newsforty-four year old babu ghulam rasool shaikh, employed at the deonar abattoir for 22 years now, says the number of animals being slaughtered has dipped by 40 per cent in two years.
earlier, we earned rs 1,000-1,500 per day.
apart from household expenses, we were able to save some money.
since the ban, our daily income is down to rs 400-500, which doesnt even cover the basic expenses, he says.
shaikh adds that the number of butchers working in the abattoir has itself fallen, from 250 in two shifts to about 150 people doing both shifts.
for 45-year-old hussain shaikh, the demonetisation last november proved to be an additional blow.
our income had reduced, but we had savings and were managing.
many of us didnt have bank accounts and kept our money at home.
after november, we found that all our savings was in currency that was no longer valid, says shaikh.
he has not paid his rent for two months.
i have four children and the money i earn everyday is just enough for their food.
the job at the abattoir is a full days work and i have no time to do a second job simultaneously, he rues.
the butchers as well as shopowners are unanimous in supporting any party that promises to push for a rollback of the beef ban, and also for a party that can keep the bjp out of the winning stakes.
mohammad qureshi, president of the bombay beef association, says shopowners have suffered the repercussions too.
apart from the quality of meat, due to the limit on cash withdrawals, customers who regularly purchased one kilogram of meat earlier are now only asking for 250 gms and are spending sparingly.
others bring rs 2,000 notes and we have to turn them away as we dont have so much change.
the situation is so frustrating.
everyone is angry with the bjp, he says.
mumbai unit chief of the bjp ashish shelar is unfazed.
the beef ban is not a civic issue at all, he says.
for the bmc elections, we will stick to a development-oriented agenda.
we will focus on civic issues such as good water supply, good roads and others, he says.
despite the governments insistence that the impact on business is limited on account of the continuing business around other animals, the butchers cite different numbers.
prior to the ban, about 650 animals were being slaughtered on average everyday, of which 95 per cent were bulls.
since the ban was imposed, in most months only around 130 buffaloes are slaughtered daily while during the festive months (eid and christmas), around 220 buffaloes are slaughtered, says babu shaikh.
the buffaloes come from various parts of maharashtra, including karad, vadgaon, kolhapur and elsewhere.
an overall reduction in meat sales means truck drivers whose job was to bring animals to the deonar abattoir, and others, found profits nosediving too.
earlier, we used to have around 250 trucks that would transport meat, skin and other animal parts.
with the number of animals being slaughtered dropping, truck owners whose profits were hit began to ply their vehicles elsewhere.
today, only about 40 trucks transport the meat here twice a day, says babu shaikh.
the quality of meat also defines its profitability  a kilo of bull meat used to sell for rs 180, while buffalo meat only sells for rs 120.
similarly, while skin of a bull would sell for rs 220 per kilo, that of a buffalo only sells for rs 140.
also, buffalo meat is simply the less preferred option, meaning the ban on bull meat did not simply mean that consumers shifted to buying water buffalo meat.
haji mehfooz, 65, president of the beef wholesale retailer association, says his shop at crawford market has been running in losses for months.
earlier, i sold around 400 kg of bull meat per day.
now i am barely able to sell 50-60 kg of buffalo meat  people prefer mutton or chicken instead.
small-time hotels are the only stable customers i still have, he complains.
down the food chain, many others were impacted too  fewer workers are employed in meat shops now in order to slow the decline, some of those suddenly without jobs either left the industry or the city, allied businesses that depend on abattoirs also took the brunt.
to counter it all, the qureshi community believed a united opposition to the bjp was necessary, even if that appears to be an idle dream.
qureshi says, the bjp-led governments initiatives such as the beef ban and demonetisation didnt stop to consider the effect on people.
if the congress, ncp and samajwadi party could have come together, they could have countered the bjps candidates and made a real difference.
he laments that in the current scenario, the samajwadi party will only get the muslim vote, the aimim will divide the congresss votebank and the ncp is barely a presence.
we will thus support any candidate who can defeat the bjp candidate in that ward, he says.
the qureshi community has members in considerable numbers in kurla, madanpura, bandra, mahim and near crawford market, though nowhere near enough to cause an upset.
the community will wait for a decision on the sena-bjp alliance, for the shiv senas stand on the ban has been that the impact on the working class should be mitigated.
member of parliament from dharavi, rahul shewale of the shiv sena, who is also a corporator in m-east ward where deonar is located, says despite being an ally of the bjp, his own party remains sympathetic towards the qureshi community and towards the dalits whose businesses have taken a hit due to the beef ban.
after the beef ban was imposed, we had taken up the issue with chief minister devendrafadnavis and had asked for a solution for a middle ground, keeping the legalities in mind, to provide some relief for the beef sellers.
while the state government implemented the decision to ban beef, it is also their responsibility to ensure that the people who have suffered financial losses in their livelihood should be adequately rehabilitated and we will continue to take up this issue until there is a proper resolution, shewale told the indian express.
meanwhile, the opposition parties are playing to the gallery in streets around the abattoir.
samajwadi party corporator rais shaikh, who represents m east ward, says his party has been taking up the issue even though a real difference may be possible only in the legislative assembly.
the samajwadi party led protests across the state when the beef ban was announced as did the mim.
our mla abu azmi has been very vocal about it.
while the anguish of the qureshi community is understandable, relief can only be granted in the assembly and we dont have the numbers to revoke the beef ban, he says, admitting that even though the ban is hardly a civic issue, the sp would take it up in their election campaigns to highlight the strategic marginalisation of muslims and dalits.
the mims sole mumbai mla waris pathan also promises to take up the issue during their campaigning, especially in deonar, where they will field candidates in several wards.
the qureshi community has been worst hit by the beef ban and, apart from meat, the business of kolhapur slippers and production of other leather goods has also suffered.
we were the first to oppose the decision in the assembly, says pathan.
the congress even plans to field a member of the qureshi community as one of the candidates from m east.
the decision is openly discriminating on the basis of religion and caste and it is against the existence of their community.
we will definitely take it up in our campaign and we will oppose such communal moves, says sanjay nirupam, mumbai congress chief.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday called for a latur pattern in politics.
`latur pattern refers to success of some schools in the latur city whose students consistently made it to the merit lists of std 10th and 12th examinations.
latur pattern is known in the field of educationtime has now come to establish a latur pattern for politics of development, fadnavis said, addressing a campaign rally for municipal corporation election of april 19 in latur.
bjp spokesperson shahnawaz hussain and state minister sambhaji patil nilangekar were also present.
bjp wanted power in municipal corporations so that the state governments initiatives for development could reach the roots of the society, the cm said.
raigad fort (source: wikimedia) raigad fort (source: wikimedia)the centre has given its in-principle nod to a project worth rs 600 crore proposed by maharashtra government for restoration and beautification of the historic raigad fort, chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday said.
informing this, fadnavis told reporters in new delhi that his government would soon start the work on restoration and beautification of various forts, including raigad.
the hill fort in adjoining raigad district served as the capital of maratha warrior king chhatrapati shivajis empire.
watch what else is in the newsduring his delhi visit, fadnavis met union culture minister mahesh sharma to find out solutions to various problems being faced in restoring and beautifying famous forts and caves in the state.
the meeting was attended by union shipping minister nitin gadkari.
the chief minister said public sentiments are closely attached with forts linked to shivaji maharaj and his empire.
they act as a reminder to our rich history and culture.
the state government had submitted a detailed project report (dpr) envisaging rs 600 crore expenditure for restoration and beautification of the raigad fort.
the centre gave in-principle nod to this project in todays meeting, he said.
in all, there are 336 forts in maharashtra, of which over 40 come directly under the archaeological survey of india, which functions under the union culture ministry.
the state government has decided to restore and beautify 18 forts out of these.
apart from forts, the centre assured to extend help for restoration and beautification of various historical caves, said fadnavis.
the chief minister also called on environment minister anil dave and discussed the issue of redevelopment of slums in crz (coastal regulation zone) in mumbai.
fadnavis said during his meeting with prime minister narendra modi, he discussed various issues of the state, including permission for the proposed coastal road project and slum redevelopment in crz in mumbai.
the cm said he also apprised modi about the just held elections in various municipal corporations, including mumbai, and zilla parishads, in which bjp performed well, especially in urban pockets.
the bjp has decided to increase its membership by 20 per cent keeping the assembly polls in mind.
the membership drive will commence from july 6.
advertisingthe party plans to enroll 20 lakh new members, increasing its membership from 1.
07 crore to 1.
27 crore.
in 2015, union home minister amit shah, who was the bjp president then, had launched a membership drive for the party across the country.
at the end of the exercise, the bjp enrolled 11 crore members across the country.
the maharashtra bjp enrolled the highest members at 1.
07 crore.
we have urged the cadre to reach out to larger number of dalits, tribals and other backward class people during the drive, a senior party general secretary, requesting anonymity, said.
the state unit has made it clear that party workers will become eligible for holding any office post only if they enroll 50 new members, a condition many believe is not difficult after the lok sabha election results.
advertisingthe state unit is likely to retain raosaheb danve as the working party president.
the core committee led by chief minister devendrafadnavis will drive political strategies and plans for organisational expansion.
our theme is saab ka saath, saab ka vikas.
it holds true for governance and party politics.
the integral aspect of our politics is welfare of individuals with focus on poor and oppressed segments across caste, community and religion, fadnavis said.
party sources believe the expansion drive wont be confined to the assembly segments held by the bjp and shiv sena but also the assembly seats held by non-bjp parties.
in the 2014 assembly elections, the bjp won 122 seats, shiv sena 63, congress 42, ncp 41 and smaller allies/independents together 20.
however, state ncp chief jayant patil said, the bjps politics has strong overtones of agenda driven by the rss.
therefore, it is difficult to believe dalits, minorities and backward classes will become a part of the right wing family.
b'maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra cm devendra fadnavismaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said the attack on policemen in latur district is an attack on the entire police force and such acts will not be tolerated in the future.
i have told the dg police and minister of state for home to visit pangaon in latur, he said.
the government feels that it is not an attack on an individual but on the (police) force.
wont tolerate such act, the cm tweeted.
read | latur assault: police station in-charge transferredsixteen people have been arrested so far in connection with the assault on two policemen in latur when they prevented them from putting up a flag at a spot in pangaon village.
meanwhile, inspector l v rakh, of renapur police station near pangaon, has been suspended in connection with the incident.
mim legislator from aurangabad, imtiaz jaleel, said the guilty needs to be punished.
read | maharashtra: beaten, forced to wave saffron, cop says his force let him downon saturday, yunus shaikh, an assistant sub-inspector in latur district, and his colleague k awaskar was allegedly beaten by a mob of villagers for allegedly stopping a group of local youths from hoisting a saffron flag in a sensitive area.
the group included marathas and other hindus who were celebrating shivaji jayanti, police said.
read | latur: cops try to stop locals from hoisting saffron flag, assaultedboth suffered head injuries, but shaikh was hit worse and was hospitalised.
a video of the purported attack, which has gone viral, shows shaikh being made to hold a saffron flag and walk down a street with the mob.
b'these teams have been asked to monitor certain areas and check whether residents have access to toilets.
these teams have been asked to monitor certain areas and check whether residents have access to toilets.
in order to make maharashtra free of open defecation, the state government has resorted to a unique method  it has set up good morning teams, which work towards ending this practice.
in an order issued by the state government on thursday, these teams have been asked to not only monitor areas where the practice is still prevalent, but also check whether local residents had access to toilets.
however, the biggest challenge for these teams would be to put an end to this practice completely in the next five months.
the target was set by chief minister devendrafadnavis , who had assured that the state would achieve open defecation free (odf) status by october this year.
these teams  comprising representatives of local bodies, self-help groups, ngos, students and social workers working in the area of sanitation and cleanliness  have also been authorised to report to civic bodies in case they find that in certain areas, access to toilets was being denied.
for example, until recently, some slums in pimpri-chinchwad had one toilet per 1,000 people.
the situation has improved significantly with initiatives such as the swachh bharat campaign, as the current ratio stands at one toilet per 31 people.
pratima joshi, founder of shelter associates, which works towards improving sanitation and building toilets in urban areas, said, this will be an effective move if it has been taken after considering the current access to clean toilets for those people who continue to practice open defecation.
the order has categorically mentioned that the good morning teams have the power to take up pending toilet construction issues with local civic bodies and help speed up the works.
if the team found people who, despite having access to an existing toilet facility, were relieving themselves in the open, it would impose heavy fines on them.
joshi suggested focused activities for community mobilisation that would not only help create awareness but also deter people from continuing with the practice.
with increased awareness, people will start using toilet facilities , which many a times remain unused as people have been used to defeacating in the open for years, she explained.
until now, her team has constructed over 9,000 toilets in six cities, including pune, pimpri-chinchwad, kolhapour, sangli and navi mumbai.
people prefer individual toilets at home and also maintain them well it is far better than poorly-maintained community toilets or relieving themselves in the open in crowded city areas, said joshi.
the state government has, so far, constructed 3.
90 lakh toilets for a population of 8.
32 lakh, which had no access to toilets, as revealed in 2014.
another 1.
90 lakh toilets are currently being constructed.
as many as 200 towns in the state have already been declared odf by the union government.
b'family members and well-wishers pay their last respects to patangrao kadam at bharti vidyapeeth college, dhankawadi, on saturday morning.
(express photo by pavan khengre) family members and well-wishers pay their last respects to patangrao kadam at bharti vidyapeeth college, dhankawadi, on saturday morning.
(express photo by pavan khengre)amid a sea of mourners and teary-eyed villagers, senior congress leader patangrao kadam, who was among the tallest politicians of maharashtra, was cremated in his native wangi village in kadegaon taluka of sangli district on saturday.
his son, vishwajeet kadam, also a congress leader, lit the funeral pyre around 5.
30 pm.
kadam died in a mumbai hospital on friday evening following a brief illness.
top politicians from maharashtra, cutting across party lines, were present for the funeral.
among them were chief minister devendrafadnavis , ncp leader ajit pawar and several top congress leaders.
kadam was a politician admired even by the opposition, an educationist at heart, who reached out to the poorest of poor students, a sugar baron who supported farmers, and someone who remained a social activist to the core, said his aides and well-wishers.
a staunch congress loyalist, kadam never left the party, even during its worst phases, and always led from the front.
in fact, he always used to chide those who left the party.
kadam won the assembly seat from kadegaon as many as seven times.
congress leaders said whenever there was a change of guard in maharashtra, kadam always remained in the race for the chief ministerial post.
though he never made it, he never rebelled and ensured that the party remained united, said a congress leader.
during his ministerial tenure of 20 years, kadam never faced any charges of corruption or irregularities, said congress spokesperson sachin sawant.
though he held several ministerial berths, he never faced any charges during his tenure, said sawant.
congress leaders said kadam was a superb orator, and members of the ruling party, as well as opposition members, listened to him with rapt attention.
sometimes, he said some things angrily, but no one took it seriously because the very next moment, he would be chatting with you as if nothing had happened a few minutes ago, said sawant.
sawant said kadams death was an irreparable loss for the congress, at a time when the party was trying to make a comeback.
he had a deep connect with the masses, especially in rural areas, because of the kind of work he did.
i think no other congress leader had as much following in rural areas as kadam did, he said.
kadams work in the field of education is considered unparalleled in maharashtra.
pune is called the seat of education and the credit for it should go to kadam, said sawant.
echoing these views, professor mukund sarda, principal of new law college under bharati vidyapeeth deemed university, said kadam set up as many as 180 educational institutes, including schools, as well as engineering and medical colleges.
most of his schools and colleges are in rural areas.
he believed that no one should be denied an education for want of money.
and that exactly is the reason why every year, he waived off rs 5 crore in fees for students, said sarda.
he said kadam will always be hailed for ushering in quality education.
a testimony to this was the management institute set up by kadam in delhi, affiliated to the pune university, though the university does not control institutes set up outside its jurisdiction, he said.
kadam started off as a teacher and remained the chancellor of bharati vidyapeeth till his death.
he also set up sugar mills and two spinning mills.
arjun kharat, an activist from sangli, said, it is because of patangrao that two irrigation projects in sangli district, which were delayed, were completed they helped ease the water scarcity in kadegaon and neighbouring areas.
kadam ensured that in several villages in kadegaon taluka, one member from each family got a job, added kharat.
in picture, pimpri chinchwad municipal corporation (pcmc) (express photo) in picture, pimpri chinchwad municipal corporation (pcmc) (express photo)the officials of the pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation (pcmc) are currently busy verifying as many as 1,500 bills submitted by over 500 private contractors.
these bills, worth rs 159 crore, were submitted after the financial year ended on march 31.
officials are putting them under the microscope to find out whether there were any bogus or inflated bills.
cracking the whip on financial indiscipline  an alleged legacy of the previous ncp regime  the standing committee chairperson seema savale had ruled on taking charge that the bills submitted after march 31 would remain unpaid until they were thoroughly verified.
there was a wrong practice in force for years in pcmc.
bills worth crores were submitted at the last minute and were approved without being properly verified.
i have put an end to this practice, said savale.
though she assumed charge at the end of march, savale said on march 14, the mayor nitin kalje had issued directives that contractors will have to submit the bills by march 27 if they were hoping for timely payment.
despite this, over 500 contractors submitted their bills on april 1 or after that, she said.
savale alleged that all these years, contractors were in the habit of submitting their bills at the last minute which then used to get approved without proper verification.
she alleged that this was encouraged by the then rulers.
this had been the long practice.
these tactics were being brazenly carried out.
nobody bothered whether the bills were genuine, whether the work for which the amount was being sought had actually been carried out and whether the bill was as per the amount sanctioned for the project or an inflated one, she said.
in the end, said savale, pcmc suffered financially as even bogus bills got approved.
every year, pcmc pays contractors at least rs 500 crore for different works.
it is our duty to ensure that the tax-payers money is paid for the genuine works and not bogus ones, she said.
savale said that the modus operandi that existed in pcmc was to issue backdated cheque though the bills were submitted after march 31.
now this system of paying through backdated cheque is over as rtgs has come into force, she said.
savale said the bills would be paid as provision is being made in the current budget.
we are not holding the bills, but we are ensuring that there is absolute financial discipline vis-a-vis submission of bills and that every bill is checked minutely for its authenticity, she said.
meanwhile, savale said that last week, when chief minister devendrafadnavis was in pimpri-chinchwad for the bjp executive committee meeting, she and other standing committee members met him.
during the interaction, the cm asked to put every project and the bill under the microscope.
he said not to allow any cost escalation unless it was verified with utmost care and diligence, she said, adding that the standing committee will follow the directives in letter and spirit.
late shiv sena chief bal thackeray.
late shiv sena chief bal thackeray.
middle vaitarna dam, a key source of water for the metropolis, was today rechristened after shiv sena founder bal thackeray at a function attended by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena head uddhav thackeray.
fadnavis renamed the dam at an event organised at the site of it, built on vaitarna river in palghar district near here.
besides uddhav, son of late bal thackeray, mumbai mayor snehal ambekar and other dignitaries were also present.
terming the sena founder as a tall leader with a big heart, fadnavis said, bal thackerayji always believed in politics of high standards.
he always helped whosoever approached him.
the dam, which has a height of 102 metres, was built in 2012 and supplies around 400 million litres of water to the financial capital.
soon after its completion, shiv sena, which is part of the bjp-led government in the state, had demanded it be named after bal thackeray, who played a pivotal role in its construction.
speaking on the occasion, uddhav hoped the dam would also start producing electricity soon.
i am happy that our demand has been fulfilled.
bal thackerays name means energy.
so i hope with the support and involvement of the state and central government this dam would start producing electricity also, he said.
babu nair babu nairthe ruling bjp tuesday nominated babu nair as the co-opted corporator in pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation (pcmc).
it will be the second time that nair would become the co-opted corporator.
civic officials said it is the first time in the history of the civic body that an individual had become co-opted corporator twice.
on the basis of the brute majority in pcmc house, bjp had the opportunity to get three co-opted corporators nominated to pcmc.
at the same time, ncp could nominate two co-opted corporators on the basis of its strength.
bjp nominated babu nair, who stays in morwadi area, close to anmera-masulkar colony, moreshwar shedge, who hails from chinchwad area and mauli thorat from kasarwadi area.
ncp nominated bhausaheb bhoir, who switched sides from congress to ncp during the civic elections earlier this year, and sanjay wable.
nairs appointment is considered to be a surprise in bjp circles as there was hectic lobbying for nominations.
both mla laxman jagtap and mla mahesh landges camps were pushing their own candidates, their close lieutenant.
jagtap apparently was pushing for bjp general secretary sarang kamtekar, who had lost elections in indrayani nagar while landge was pushing for his brother who had lost elections in bhosari area.
the final approval of nominations came from chief minister devendra fadnavis.
since there was hectic lobbying, the cms office took its time to announce the name.
first, the names were supposed to be declared at 11 am, but were later postponed to late afternoon.
i knew i will get the nominations, but i was not confidentyes, it is a surprise, said nair after he filed his nomination form.
nair had become the first co-opted corporator from congress during the ncp regime in 2007-2012.
he was the first keralite to become the corporator of a civic body dominated by maharashtrians.
nair, who is the partys general secretary, said he received support from all top leaders of the party.
be it laxman jagtap, mahesh landge, guardian minister girish bapat or even the likes of sachin patwardhan and sarang kamtekar, they all supported my nomination.
i am close to all the leaders, he said.
nair, who switched to the bjp three years back from congress, was denied the nomination to contest civic elections from morwadi area.
he was part of the partys core campaigning and media team then.
the nominations will be submitted by the party leaders to the civic general body which will then ratify them.
a co-opted corporator can participate in the discussions of the civic general body meetings, but cannot vote.
a co-opted corporator cannot become the mayor, deputy mayor or the standing committee chairman, though he or she can become the standing committee member.
nair had also become the standing committee member in 2011 which was again the first in the history of the civic body when a co-opted corporator had become the member of the standing committee.
the maharashtra government will unveil a new set of rules that will make builders and architects liable for prosecution for flats, which are handed over without occupation certificates (oc).
the announcement was made by chief minister devendrafadnavis while replying to a calling attention notice by congress mlc anant gadgil over rising instances of builders giving possession of flats without getting the required oc from urban local bodies.
the oc is an evidence of completion of a building according to the approved plan and in compliance with local laws.
under section 3 (2) (i) of the maharashtra ownership flats act, a builder is required to obtain an oc before handing over the possession of a flat to a buyer.
a buyer is not allowed to occupy a flat as a residence or as fitouts till it has an oc and those found flouting rules are liable for persecution.
earlier, only flat owners were liable for persecution.
now, we are mooting a proposal that will allow to hold both the builder as well as the architect responsible in cases where flats are handed over without ocs, fadnavis said in the legislative council.
ncp chief sharad pawar (file) ncp chief sharad pawar (file)union minister ramdas athawale, whose rpi(a) is a constituent of the bjp-led nda dispensation, on friday told visiting bjp president amit shah that he would be happy if ncp chief sharad pawar becomes the next president, provided he should join the nda first.
the social justice minister on friday met shah and shared his views on issues like the ndas nominee for the upcoming presidential poll and the possibility of the mid-term elections in maharashtra.
i would be happy if ncp chief sharad pawar becomes the president, but he should join the nda first, athawale said in a statement.
i assured shah that there is no chance of mid-term polls in maharashtra.
at this juncture, the shiv sena would not withdraw its support to the government.
many mlas do not want snap polls, he stated.
shah on friday began his three-day mumbai visit during which he will also meet shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray.
last month also athawale had batted for pawar as a nominee for the presidential polls.
however, pawar, a veteran politician from maharashtra, had said that he would not be contesting the polls.
earlier, pawars name was being discussed by the opposition camp for the top constitutional post.
the speculation of early polls in maharashtra resurfaced after chief minister devendrafadnavis statement on wednesday that the bjp is ready to face mid-term elections.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday ordered that the shirdi airports terminal building be expanded to accommodate an enhanced passenger traffic.
advertisinginaugurated in october 2017, the airport has witnessed a rapid increase in passenger traffic  almost 2,000 footfall per day, as per official data.
according to sources, a new terminal building will also be constructed as part of the expansion.
once the facility comes up, senior officials said, the airport would be able to provide additional facilities to cater to the enhanced passenger load.
however, as construction of the new building is expected to take two to three years, fadnavis on wednesday ordered that the existing terminal building be expanded as well.
the chief minister issued the orders while presiding over a meeting of the board of directors of the state-run maharashtra airport development corporation (madc) at sahyadri guesthouse.
advertisingvarious ongoing projects under udan and the regional connectivity schemes were also reviewed at the meeting.
the state government plans to set up new airports at purandar (in pune), amravati, solapur, and chandrapur, sources said.
meanwhile, the board of directors approved a proposal to grant a 27-acre land to a defence equipment manufacturing firm  jsr dynamics private limited  in the multi-modal international cargo and airport of nagpurs special economic zone.
b'trupti desai, leader of the bhumata brigade, being dragged away by police during an attempt to offer prayers at the shani shingnapur temple, on saturday.
(express photo) trupti desai, leader of the bhumata brigade, being dragged away by police during an attempt to offer prayers at the shani shingnapur temple, on saturday.
(express photo)after being prevented from offering worship in the core shrine area of the shani shingnapur temple in ahmednagar district on sunday, the trupti desai-led bhumata brigade has decided to file a contempt of court case in the bombay high court against chief minister devendrafadnavis and his government.
the chief ministers office, however, stated, let them to go to court.
the government will file its side in court.
desai, who along with four other members of the bhumata brigade suffered injuries in yesterdays scuffle with hundreds of villagers, after returning to pune on sunday, said, we are lucky to have survived.
hundreds of villagers charged at us menacingly.
we would have died yesterdaywe were attacked, said desai, because the state government did not issue instructions to the local administration and the police to ensure the women gain access to the inner sanctum sanctorum.
despite the bombay high court order, the chief minister and his government did nothing to ensure our safe access to the core shrine area.
the high court had ruled that it was the fundamental duty of the state to protect the fundamental right of the women to offer worship, she said.
the bhumata brigade now plans to file a contempt of court case against the state government on tuesday.
however, we hope that the court notices the newspaper reports and take suo motu cognizance of what happened at shingnapur saturday, she said.
praveen pardeshi, principal secretary to the chief minister, said the district collector and police had been directed to ensure the implementation of the court order.
the government respects equality of men and women.
the court order relates to ensuring access to the temple.
the court had said that where men are allowed, women should also be allowed.
so it is being followed, he said.
narrating their plight, desai said when they entered the temple there were over 2,000 villagers who tried raised slogans against them, heckled them and tried to stop them from marching ahead.
the charged at us menancingly, several women scratched us, they pulled our hands, pushed us back forcefully.
the police held me by the neck.
we were dragged to the waiting police vehicle.
two of us were dragged by the hair by the villagers, said desai, adding that it was because of media presence in the area that they were alive today.
the atmosphere was so charged, said desai, that they were lucky the survived it all.
the way the villagers were reacting we would have been lynched, alleged desai.
manisha tilekar, a member of the bhumata brigade, said,no effort was made by the police to stop the belligerent villagers from charging at us.
anything could have happened.
it is now clear that the government had no intention to allow us to exercise our fundamental right to pray.
desai said they have filed complaint against the villagers with supa police station.
the case has transferred to shingnapur police.
api prashant mandale of shingnapur police said they wil check the video-footage before taking any action in the matter.
although cm fadnavis ignored the comment, bjp leaders said, supriya sules comment is an outcome of the restlessness of a party that has lost power.
although cm fadnavis ignored the comment, bjp leaders said, supriya sules comment is an outcome of the restlessness of a party that has lost power.
the bjp on friday said ncp mp supriya sules attack against chief minister devendrafadnavis was to get to the political centre stage and it exposed a power tussle within their organisation.
bjp spokesperson madhav bhandari said, last few days, she has been targeting the chief minister.
it shows her aspiration to get to centrestage of politics.
it reflects the proxy war within the ncp for leadership.
sule, at a function last week, had commented how fadnavis often loses his cool.
although fadnavis ignored the comment, bjp leaders said, sules comment is an outcome of the restlessness of a party that has lost power.
bhandari said, we understand why ncp is worried.
when several ncp leaders are facing investigation on corruption charges coupled with uncertain political future, they are bound to agitate.
ncp mla jeetendra awadh said, what is wrong in a ncp mp expressing her views against the government?
as the opposition member or leader, everybody has the right to speak on public matters.
why should the bjp react?
the bjp should not worry about whats happening in others house.
they should mind their own house.
they should see how many leaders within their own party are rallying against the chief minister.
b'chief minister devendrafadnavis cancelled a directive issued to the mumbai municipality regarding additional construction rights for ongoing redevelopments of mumbais textile mills.
(file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis cancelled a directive issued to the mumbai municipality regarding additional construction rights for ongoing redevelopments of mumbais textile mills.
(file photo)a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis cancelled a directive issued to the mumbai municipality regarding additional construction rights for ongoing redevelopments of mumbais textile mills, questions have been raised over the fate of two proposals cleared under the directive.
on april 23 this year, just two days before the cm sanctioned mumbais new development plan, the states urban development department had proposed a major modification to the development control (dc) rules in the outgoing plan for mill land redevelopments.
the modification had basically given retrospective effect for enhancement of the floor space index (fsi) benefit granted to mill owners for surrendering mandatory land areas for public recreational grounds (rg) to the mumbai municipality in the past and had even availed such a compensation in part or full in the past and could have led to a construction bonanza for ongoing mill revamp projects.
while the proposed modification itself is under the scanner, directives issued by the cm-led department under section 154(1) of the maharashtra regional and town planning act, 1966, to implement the proposal pending the hearing of public suggestions and objections and a final sanction to the modification had become a bone of contention.
the directives were issued on april 23 itself.
even as the mrtp section gives the state government powers to issue directives to local bodies for implementing or bringing into effect central and state government programmes or project or for efficient administration of the act, or in larger public interest, a division bench of the bombay high court had in 2011 ruled that the provision cannot be used for circumventing the public suggestion and objection process before modifying a dc rule.
as reported by the indian express on saturday, the mumbai municipality had already approved plans granting an additional construction benefit of 29,827 square feet to indiabulls infraestate limited, which is redeveloping the bharat mills and poddar processers mill campus in lower parel, and 70,117 square feet to shreeniwas cotton mills limited that is part of the lodha group, which is revamping the shreeniwas mill in the same locality.
civic records show that both have availed the fsi benefit in lieu of the surrendered rg area in the past.
according to official records, the mumbai municipality had approved the revised layout, including the enhanced fsi benefit for the indiabulls property on may 21, while in the case of shreeniwas mill, it was cleared on may 25.
while the civic body had also received a proposal from the centre-run national textiles corporation, which had earlier surrendered a 7.
10 lakh square feet rg space to the civic body, for a similar benefit, but this was not approved till the cancellation of the directive.
mumbai civic commissioner ajoy mehta, when contacted, confirmed that the revised layouts had been approved in the two cases.
but he said that the permission for commencement of construction for the revised plans had not been given in either case.
since the government has withdrawn the directive, ive asked my officers not to process the commencement certificate permission for these constructions, mehta said.
but a senior town planner said that both the developers were within their legal right to claim that their approval had already been processed.
sources meanwhile said that the government is wary of being criticised for favouring select builders and has asked officials to ensure that the permissions are not granted for now.
earlier on november 11, 2016, the devendrafadnavis government had hiked the fsi/tdr for those who surrendered land areas for the reservation free of any encroachments.
in the island city where the mill land are situated and where real estate prices command a premium, the hike was substantial from 1.
33 times the surrendered land area to 2.
5 times.
while the government had then ruled that the enhanced benefit was to be given prospective effect and would not be eligible for cases of earlier land acquisition or developments where compensation in the form of fsi/tdr or any other means had already been paid partly or fully, the april 23 modification and the controversial directive had diluted this clause for mill land developers.
incidentally, mumbais new development plan grants just 1.
33 times the surrendered land area as benefit in mill land developments.
questions are also being raised over the civic administrations decision not to apply stringent of the provisions between the newly sanctioned development plan and the old plan once the former had been notified.
the home ministry faces many complex and difficult legal issues every day.
it also handles legally complex matters like drafting new laws, ordinances.
in order to help the department with these matters, these entities have been empanelled by the state government, fadnavis said in a written reply to to a question raised in the legislative council.
the cm added that these entities would not be part of the daily functioning of the department and would only be given specific tasks.
he also claimed that necessary confidentiality would be maintained in the functioning of these hired entities.
the government at present relies on the law and judiciary department to help formulate laws and handle tricky legal matters it faces at various fora.
a day after he joined the bjp after quitting the ncp, former satara mp and descendant of chhatrapati shivaji maharaj, udayanraje bhosale, on sunday criticised his former party and the congress for not supporting his initiatives for satara.
bhosale, who was speaking in satara, praised his friend chief minister devendrafadnavis for sanctioning projects proposed by him when he was an opposition mp.
advertisingbhosale had submitted his resignation as ncp mp on saturday.
he had then joined bjp in a ceremony attended by fadnavis and union home minister amit shah in new delhi, saying he agreed with the policies pursued by prime minister narendra modi and will work for maharashtra as a bjp leader.
whats most unfortunate is that although the state had a chief minister from satara (former congress chief minister prithviraj chavan), he did not support me when i took various proposals to him.
i had wanted to set up an iit and iim in satara, but all these plans failed.
i am glad to share that chief minister fadnavis helped me in the last few years although i belonged to the opposition party.
its this attitude that has won me over, said bhosale.
bhosale said projects worth rs 15,000 crore have been sanctioned by the state and central governments.
during the previous governments, several of my proposals went to the dustbin, he said.
bhosale and several other new entrants to the bjp attended mahajanadesh yatra that entered satara on sunday evening with fadnavis, state ministers chandrakant patil and girish mahajan, among others.
vishwanath mahadeshwar and hemangi worlikar filed nominations saturday.
prashant nadkar vishwanath mahadeshwar and hemangi worlikar filed nominations saturday.
prashant nadkaron a day the bjp helped shiv sena install its mayor in the bmc, the uddhav thackeray-led party said the bjp government in maharashtra was still on notice period.
yes this (the bjp-led nda) government is still on the notice period.
unless our chief (thackeray) clarifies, the government will continue to be on notice, sena spokesperson neelam gorhe said.
she was speaking to reporters on the campus of the brihanmumbai municipal corporation in south mumbai after the mayoral election.
interestingly, gorhes remarks came days after sena minister ramdas kadam said the party ministers had put away the resignation letters they were carrying in their pockets.
senas vishwanath mahadeshwar was on wednesday elected as the mayor of the countrys richest civic body, with the bjp corporators voting in his favour.
he bagged 171 votes against the 31 won by his congress rival vitthal lokare.
the decks for his election were cleared recently after the bjp, locked in a battle with the sena to reach the magic figure of 114 votes to rule the 227-member bmc, decided to hand a virtual walkover to the warring ally.
in the run-up to the bitterly-fought civic polls, including mumbai, thackeray had last month said the fadnavis government was on a notice period, fuelling speculations about its stability as the sena is an important alliance partner in the dispensation.
sena, the junior partner of the bjp in the central and state governments, had contested the recent elections after breaking its alliance with the bjp, its ally in the bmc.
however, the thackeray-led party continues to be the part of government.
in the hung verdict in the bmc, the sena bagged 84 seats and the bjp 82.
meanwhile, gorhe, also an mlc, said a number of issues related to farmers are being looked into.
there are farmers who are under stress and committing suicide.
we are discussing the matter in the house on how a loan waiver can be given to farmers and how to give them justice, she said.
she said sena was hopeful the state government would work with the right spirit to meet the partys demands concerning farmers.
responding to a query on how she views the bjp backing the sena nominee in the mayoral poll against the backdrop of vitriolic exchange between the allies ahead of last months polls, gorhe said, they (bjp) did what they thought was right.
centre should announce msp for dairy farmers: fadnavis.
(representational) centre should announce msp for dairy farmers: fadnavis.
(representational)to ensure higher remuneration to dairy farmers, chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday urged the centre to announce a minimum support price (msp) for them under the essential commodities act.
fadnavis raised the demand at the niti aayogs fourth governing council meeting chaired by prime minister narendra modi in new delhi on sunday.
highlighting the exploitation of dairy farmers by milk companies and cooperatives, he said, the centre should announce an msp for milk procured from dairy farmers by private players and cooperatives, which run the dairies across the country and maharashtra, under the essential commodities act.
in maharashtra, the state government has fixed a minimum rs 27 per litre of milk.
however, dairy farmers often complain of rampant exploitation by dairies, which refuse to pay more than rs 17 to 20 per litre.
to raise the milk demand and promote milk processing units for skimmed milk powder, the state government has announced a rs 3 subsidy.
to help the dairy farmers and make milk processing economically feasible and generate more demand in the market, the chief minister suggested the centre should provide a 10 per cent subsidy.
in the wake of surplus sugar production in the state and across the country, the chief minister demanded restructuring and extension of tenure for repayment of the soft loans availed by the mill owners.
of the total 31.
7 million tonne sugar production, maharashtra accounts for 10.
7 million tonne.
fadnavis also pitched for higher budget allocations to modernise 3,500 gramin haats (rural markets) across maharashtra.
for this, the centre should make provisions from the agro-infra fund, he said.
gramin haats are important centres for boosting the rural economy.
it is a platform where farmers can market their farm produce.
it would help in better remuneration to the farmers and villagers, he said.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray.
(express photo) shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray.
(express photo)with the shiv sena continuously being squeezed by the bjp both at the national and state levels, party chief uddhav thackeray has refrained from making any large scale changes in his party.
while many younger mlas had hoped for a reshuffle in the senas ministers and organisational heads, the party chief indicated thursday that there would be no major organisational changes immediately.
at a meeting of shiv sena mlas and ministers thursday evening, thackeray reportedly said: i have heard what you have had to say.
i understand and sympathise with your problems.
i will take a decision at an appropriate time.
over the past few months, sena legislators had been complaining about the alleged step-motherly treatment being meted out to them with regard to distribution of development funds in the state.
they were also angry that sena ministers seemed unable to get the party legislators initiatives fast-tracked.
the party legislators are particularly angry with the sena cabinet ministers who, they feel, were not answerable to any constituency and not doing their bit.
four of senas five cabinet ministers in maharashtra are members of the legislative council and either do not contest assembly elections or have been defeated in the polls.
legislators feel that with the ministers not having accountability towards their electorate, many were not working as hard as they should to help strengthen the partys base in the state.
the sena mlas had been keen on greater representation for those who have been directly elected by the people and were hoping that thackeray would usher in some changes.
at the meeting that began around 6 pm, the mlas were asked to air their views and the issues they faced in the government.
during this time, the sena ministers were kept in an adjoining room.
later, the ministers were asked to join the meeting with thackeray asking them to be more pro-active.
thackeray, who will be out of the country from next week, reportedly told the ministers to work harder.
he asked the mlas to be patient and trust his leadership and judgment to make changes at an appropriate time.
during the meeting, the party also decided to set up a small committee of mlas from both rural and urban areas who, along with ministers, will meet chief minister devendrafadnavis to take up the problems being faced by mlas.
there has been some unhappiness among our mlas, particularly over the issue of development funds.
as per directions from our chief, we will meet the cm tomorrow to find a solution to these problems, pwd minister and senior sena leader, eknath shinde, said after the meeting.
the sena is worried about its eroding base that manifested itself in the partys lacklustre performance in the municipal corporations as well as the zilla parishad elections.
with uddhav thackeray keen on reviving the partys rural base, the sena chief is keen on addressing the concerns of the sena legislators.
some leaders are smug in the belief that they will be ministers for life.
if the sena wants to succeed, these ministers will either have to change or be asked to improve their working style, a shiv sena legislator had said earlier this week.
major irregularities have come to light in the implementation of the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana in maharashtra.
while the states total sown area in the rabi season of 2018-19 was 33.
81 lakh hectare, the total insured area under rabi for the same year is only 45 lakh hectare.
in other words, the cultivated area, for which the government is paying premium from the exchequer, was 133 per cent more than the actual sown area.
advertisingspeaking in the legislative assembly, agriculture minister anil bonde admitted on friday that in marathwadas aurangabad, which is reeling under drought, insured crop area (under rabi) was 232 per cent more than the actual cultivated area.
while agriculture departments statistics have revealed that the total sown area in the district was 2.
68 lakh hectare, the insured area shown is 8.
89 lakh hectare.
similarly, in latur, the insured area is 68 per cent more than sown area.
congress mla amit deshmukh initiated a discussion in this regard during the question hour.
later, ncps ajit pawar accused the crop insurance companies of running a racket and defrauding nationalised banks.
he demanded action against errant officials and blacklisting of the responsible insurance companies.
advertisingadmitting to the irregularities, bonde attributed the discrepancy to the farmers being misled by officials at the common facility centre and middlemen.
while claiming that the government has asked the insurance companies to look into the discrepancy, bonde said that in future, such companies will be asked to submit land records with their claims.
he added that the concerned farmers would now get an sms when the premiums are paid.
the opposition went on to create a ruckus demanding action against the errant companies.
chief minister devendrafadnavis chief minister devendra fadnavisafter the union defence ministry and the railway ministry agreed to provide land to maharashtra for the rehabilitation of slum-dwellers and project affected persons by december 2017, the state has urged them to expedite the process of opening up land that has been lying idle or is encroached, so that it can start building colonies for slum-dwellers after the monsoon this year.
the state government has launched an ambitious project to make mumbai slum-free in a time-bound manner.
while the state housing department has earmarked some vacant plots, including salt pan land, for the relocation of project-affected persons and slum colonies, the defence and railway land can give a major leg-up to the project.
according to sources, the land under defence and railways ownership in mumbai adds up to around 38,000 acres.
salt pan land accounts for a mere 5,500 acres, of which only 20 per cent would be available for use owing to litigations and private ownership issues.
earlier this week in a significant decision, union finance minister arun jaitely and union urban development minister venkaiah naidu accepted chief minister devendrafadnavis request of including affordable housing, including slum redevelopment, in the list of social and commercial infrastructure.
responding to the centres consent, the cm said, the decision would boost the states efforts of slum rehabilitation and affordable housing projects with policy support, and facilitate flow of institutional credit and funds from domestic and global financial agencies.
the housing project has reached the stage of door-to-door surveys for weeding out illegal occupants.
the government has also taken up the process of satellite mapping of encroachment by slums, including on defense and railway land.
the railways have promised to provide land to accommodate 12 lakh slum-dwellers.
sources in the defence ministry said they would hold another meeting with state officials to discuss the details this month.
the slum rehabilitation scheme was conceived in 1995, during the then shiv sena-bjp government.
however, in the past 22 years, slum redevelopment has failed to make desired headway, officials in the slum redevelopment authority department admitted.
the state economic survey said, since its inception in 1995 upto october 2016, the number of projects completed is 1695 and 1,67,391 slum families have been rehabilitated in mumbai.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)on maharashtra day, chief minister devendrafadnavis provided a platform to the states youth for evolving public policies and participating in governance on issues such as drought-mitigation to combating corruption.
a committee comprising secretary-level officials and representatives from 11 colleges has been constituted to take such innovations by students forward.
to mark the day, fadnavis on monday interacted with thousands of youth from across the state on wide-ranging issues and saw presentations by students teams.
at the end of a drought-mitigation presentation by students of iit, bombay, the chief minister wondered if they could extend their techno-model to monitor soil erosion from jalyukta shivar (water conservation) projects that have been completed.
today, we have 11,000 drought-free villages.
but unless we maintain these structures, it would defeat the stated objective.
what solution can you propose?
fadnavis asked.
according to the iit team, adopting the hydrological model to quantify land use along with drones, soil erosion can be measured and monitored.
it can be applicable to the jalyukta shivar projects.
the chief minister also stressed on incorporating in their model apps to send out alerts.
almost 11 teams representing professional colleges across the state offered suggestions and solutions to vexing problems, from smart cities to bridging the digital divide.
students of vasantdada institute of architecture (pune) presented a model to bring streetchildren into the mainstream.
stating that their model could cope with 3,000 children per year, it was pointed out that government intervention was must to tackle the 18 million children living on the streets.
eliciting a positive response from the cm, the model was accepted with the government willing to extend it across the state.
while stressing on bringing all transport-related offices under one banner and issuing of a single-ticket system, the team from college of engineering (pune) explained the lack of coordination within the multiple agencies, leading to chaotic transport systems in cities.
their emphasis was on an integrated transport model for effective operations.
while agreeing to their suggestions, the chief minister urged them to factor in the revenue-sharing model commensurate with efficiency.
for zero corruption, the vjti (mumbai) team stressed on making tender-screening parameters stringent, complete with budget.
the tata institute of social sciences stressed on generation of wealth through waste.
the maharashtra cabinet on tuesday approved the pune-mumbai hyperloop project which aims to shorten the journey between the two cities to a mere 23 minutes.
advertisingthe cabinet meeting was chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis , who said the project would be carried out in two phases and completed in six-eight years.
the project, first of its kind in the world, is being carried out by the pune metropolitan regional development authority (pmrda) and is said to have a total investment of rs 70,000 crore.
officials said the tender for the projects first phase may be floated by the middle of next month.
the project will complete the 117.
5 km journey from mumbai (bkc) to pune (wakad) in 23 minutes at a speed of 496 km per hour.
the first phase of the project will be treated as a pilot project under which work on 11.
80 km will be carried out.
for this, rs 5,000 crore will be spent.
in the second phase, rest of the project to connect wakad with kurla will be carried out, an official said on tuesday.
a hyperloop is a high-speed mode of transportation, where a pod-like vehicle travels through a tube at near the speed of an airline.
if the plan works out, people will be able to travel from pune to mumbai in 23 minutes.
advertisingin september 2018, the pmrda had submitted a proposal to the maharashtra infrastructure development enabling authority, seeking to allot part of the hyperloop project work to interested private players, using the swiss challenge method.
the project will begin with a six-month feasibility study and setting up of a 10-km demonstration track, which will start from hinjewadi.
operations on this track are expected to begin by 2021.
in february, the cabinet had cleared the maharashtra infrastructure development enabling authority act, which acts as a framework to allow infrastructure proposals to be allotted to private players using the swiss challenge method.
b'shiv sena has also been consistently targetting the bjp, especially prime minister narendra modi, over a host of issues, including high fuel prices, farmers suicides, demonetisation and the implementation of goods and services tax (gst).
(file photo) shiv sena has also been consistently targetting the bjp, especially prime minister narendra modi, over a host of issues, including high fuel prices, farmers suicides, demonetisation and the implementation of goods and services tax (gst).
(file photo)shiv sena today asserted that its decision to contest next lok sabha polls alone cannot be changed by the bjp president, indicating that amit shahs meeting with uddhav thackeray yesterday had failed to break the ice between the two warring allies.
a decision taken by the chief of the party (shiv sena) cannot be changed by the president of another party.
only the sena or uddhav thackeray will take a decision for itself, shiv sena leader sanjay raut told pti.
he recalled that thackeray, at the partys national executive meet in january, had announced that the party will fight all upcoming polls without forging an alliance with the bjp.
raut stated this while trying to dismiss speculation that the talks between bjp and sena would culminate in an alliance for the next lok sabha polls.
the speculation going on outside is not true, raut said while blaming the bjp for it.
asked about details of the two-hour-long deliberations between shah and thackeray last night, the sena leader said, two leaders have met in a closed room.
third person cannot know what discussions took place.
bjp has said that shah met thackeray at his residence matoshree here in connection with the partys sampark se samarthan (contact for support) campaign in the run-up to next years lok sabha polls.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and uddhav thackerays son aaditya thackeray were also present at the meeting which lasted about two hours.
while officially there was no word from either party about what transpired in the meeting, bjp sources claimed that the discussion was positive and would help reduce the tension between the two allies significantly.
the two parties may have two or three more such meetings, the sources had added after the meeting.
shahs meet with thackeray assumed significance as the bjp has been repeatedly accused by the sena of ignoring nda allies after coming to power in 2014.
a sulking sena has also been consistently targetting the bjp, especially prime minister narendra modi, over a host of issues, including high fuel prices, farmers suicides, demonetisation and the implementation of goods and services tax (gst).
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said his government will optimise technology to take benefits of medical treatment to the poor and people living in rural areas.
we, as a government, are taking help of every technology to take benefits of treatment to poor and in rural areas, even using cloud computing, fadnavis said at the world health day programme organised by public health department here.
the chief minister inaugurated an exhibition and released some books, including one on the standard treatment protocol.
cloud computing is a type of internet-based computing that provides shared computer processing resources and data to computers and other devices on demand.
fadnavis also spoke about the ill effects of modern lifestyle; the challenges it poses and stressed the importance of traditional support systems within family and society.
downsizing family is a big problem.
children and senior citizens face depression issues.
we need to restore our roots with traditional therapy.
my appeal in this digital era is to work more to strengthen human relationships & family connect to overcome depression, he added.
raj thackeray (file photo) raj thackeray (file photo)kicking off his partys campaign barely a week before february 21 civic elections, mns chief raj thackeray on accused his estranged cousin uddhav of wanting to usurp mumbai mayors official residence in the guise of a memorial for the late bal thackeray.
balasahebs name is being bandied about (by shiv sena) merely to usurp the mayors bungalow (near shivaji park ground) in mumbai, raj said in mumbai this evening, addressing a campaign rally, his first for the brihanmumbai municipal corporation polls.
watch what else is making news:raj cited son amits illness for joining the campaign late.
he attacked bjp and shiv sena over what he called the two parties cock fight ahead of the polls and said the voters should not fall prey to their advertising gimmick.
sena and bjp are ruling the city for 25 years now.
have you ever asked where is the money gone?
no.
only i will be subjected to criticism.
i will be asked about the works done in nashik.
i will be asked about my blueprint of development.
but when i deliver on promises, no one is interested to see it, he said.
raj enumerated works done by mns-ruled nashik municipal corporation and asked voters to give him a chance to replicate the `nashik model in mumbai.
when prime minister narendra modi announced demonetisation, he had said the new year would see new india.
i am searching for that new india since january.
the move which was welcome by everyone initially, is now turning out be making no difference to poor, middle-class and upper middle class.
the only difference is people now stand in queues outside banks, he said.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had promised rs 6,500 crore to kalyan-dombivli municipal corporation.
those voters have not got even rs six till now, he said.
seema savle seema savlea day after the bjp nominated seema savle to head the pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation (pcmc) standing committee, the residents have revived their demand for throwing open the committee meetings to journalists and public.
in all civic bodies across maharashtra, the standing committee meetings are usually held behind closed doors.
activists often allege that shady deals are struck at these meetings by members with an eye on kickbacks.
the civic standing committee in pimpri-chinchwad has acquired notoriety as the commission committee, as each member allegedly gets commission from the different contracts they get approved.
the chairman allegedly gets the biggest slice of the pie.
the members belonging to different political parties are often hand-in-glove during standing committee meetings, activists alleged further.
the newly-elected pcmc standing committee has 16 members.
of these, 10 belong to the bjp, one is independent, four are from ncp and one is from sena.
the chairperson will be elected from among these members.
seema savle is set to take over the mantle, as she was the sole candidate who filed the nomination papers.
the official declaration of her election will take place on friday.
the first meeting of the committee is likely to be held next tuesday.
only corporators and civic officials will be allowed to attend the meeting.
activist-turned-politician maruti bhapkar has already sent a petition to chief minister devendrafadnavis , demanding that the standing committees of all civic bodies in maharashtra be thrown open to the public.
during election campaign, the cm had promised transparency in governance.
now that his party, the bjp, is in power in several civic bodies  pcmc, pmc and nagpur  will the cm throw open the civic body meetings for the public and journalists?
he asked.
bhapkar, along with other activists like domnic lobo, manav kamble, r sathyan, sachin godambe, shridhar chalkha and d g baliga in pimpri-chinchwad, has often sought open-door standing committee meetings.
however, in the past 10 years of its rule, the ncp has refused to bow down to the demands of residents.
shridhar chalkha, an activist, said the ncp never warmed up to the idea of making standing committee meetings open to the public or even journalists.
the standing committee approves multi-crore contracts.
the contracts are not approved unless the contractors agrees to pay commission to the panel.
the panel members get equal share, while the chairperson gets maximum, he said.
another activist, sachin godambe said since the contractors have to pay commission, they recover their amount by doing substandard work.
when they pay in crores, they are obviously going to make good their loss by compromising on the quality of civic projects they implement.
in short, several projects in pimpri-chinchwad are of poor quality, he said.
activist d g baliga said shockingly the members of the standing committee, who belong to different political parties, team up to take public money.
we now hope the bjp will live up to its promise of transparency and make standing committee meetings an open affair, he added.
meanwhile, savle said she will make an announcement on the issue after she takes charge officially.
bjp general secretary sarang kamtekar said, in fact, bjp has been at the forefront of the demand that standing committee meetings should be thrown open to the public.
mla laxman jagtap had even submitted a petition to pcmc in this regard.
bjp will soon take a positive decision on this front.
b'union minister nitin gadkari union minister nitin gadkariif union transport minister nitin gadkari has his way with high-tech entrepreneur elon musk, the american billionaires company spacex may test-run its futuristic high speed train, the hyperloop, in pune.
speaking about his recent visit to the american west coast, which is the global hub of hi-tech innovations, gadkari said he spent quality time with the officials of tesla, which is also founded by musk, who is known for his futuristic ideas.
i just offered them  they want some road for experimental purpose.
i offered them the westerly bypass of pune connected to the express highway.
the idea is they can take an experiment between mumbai and pune as a pilot project, he said, without naming spacex.
he said the hyperloop, whose idea was first presented in 2013, runs faster than an aircraft at a speed of 1,120 kmph and can cut the distance between his hometown nagpur and mumbai in 35 minutes.
among other things, spacex is also working on commercialising space travel.
speaking about the futuristic concept which is yet to be commercialised, the minister said the hyperloop is a tube which uses air for propulsion.
the companys website says spacex is interested in helping to accelerate development of a functional hyperloop prototype.
speaking to reporters later on the sidelines of an infrastructure summit organised by marathi daily lokmat, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis also confirmed that there indeed have been some discussions between the governments on such a proposal but was quick to add that maharashtra has asked the company to develop the product first before making test-runs in the state.
gadkari said the government has invited tesla to invest in the country as he expressed interest in clean energy like solar and battery storage, areas in which the american company is focused on.
he said he also encouraged musk to set up a manufacturing base in mumbai.
tesla has been offered land free of cost near some ports.
mayor vishwanath mahadeshwar and deputy mayor hemangi worlikar were elected last week.
mayor vishwanath mahadeshwar and deputy mayor hemangi worlikar were elected last week.
it has been a week since the mumbai civic body elected its mayor and deputy mayor, but there is still no clarity on the appointment of leader of the opposition in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc).
even though the congress has declared ravi raja as its nominee for the post, the ruling shiv sena is yet to take a call on whether the bjp  the second largest party in the bmc  is to be formally called an ally.
stating that the bjp and the sena needed to define their roles, mumbai congress president sanjay nirupam said the general body of the bmc should not be made to function without an opposition leader.
the bjp cannot play dual roles of supporting the ruling party as well as pretending to be the opposition.
democracy has to be upheld.
by giving its votes to the sena candidate for the post of mayor, they have obviously sided with the ruling party, which makes congress the largest opposition party.
we will decide on our further course of action after the next general body meeting on march 17, he said.
watch what else is making newsterming the delay as deliberate, congress group leader in the bmc ravi raja claimed that the bjp was behind the delay.
on the day the new mayor was elected on march 8, i had submitted a letter to him stating that since the bjp had supported the sena, the ruling party, in the mayoral elections, it was the congress that was now the principal opposition party.
i had also sought that the mayor consider me as the congress nominee for the opposition leaders position.
but i am yet to receive a response on the same, raja said.
while mayor vishwanath mahadeshwar said a decision was yet to be taken, a senior sena leader said the issue had not been discussed within the party.
even though the chief minister has withdrawn the bjps claim to the position, there is no official communication from the bjp about the same.
moreover, bjp voting for our mayoral candidate does not necessarily mean they are with us in power, he said.
referring to the law, a sena leader said, the provisions in the bmc act are ambiguous and the mayor may seek a legal opinion on the matter for clarity.
technically, the second largest party, which is the bjp, is entitled to nominate its member for the post of opposition leader.
however, with congress staking its claim, we need to consider all the legal aspects.
the sena member added that the discussions of the party leadership was likely to happen before the next general body meeting on march 17.
anil parab, legislator and senior sena leader, said the party would soon take a decision in the matter.
apart from all the major committees, chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier withdrawn bjps claims from the post of opposition leader too, which subsequently led to the confusion.
according to the bombay municipal corporation act 1888, leader of the opposition has to be from a party which has great numerical strength and is recognised as such by the mayor.
however, referring to this scenario, civic officials pointed out that there was no provision in the act which could allow the party finishing third in the polls to get a pick on the post.
the official pointed out that the act did not mention a time limit for the appointment, and the opposition leader was not mandatory for the functioning of any of the bmc committees.
bjp leader ashish shelar.
(file) bjp leader ashish shelar.
(file)bjp leader ashish shelar sunday took potshots at shiv sena president uddhav thackerays statement in a party mouthpiece in which he asserted being in firm straddle of sena, facing bmc polls on its own strength sans any tie-up.
shelar, who heads the city unit of bjp, reiterated his charge that sena and congress have entered into a tacit understanding on a few seats for the bmc polls, slated for february 21.
sena has done at least seven u turns in the last two weeks .
after its did you know campaign fell flat, sena reverted to its karun dakhavle punha (we did it again) campaign.
sena made a u-turn again after yuva sena president (aditya thackeray) was credited initially for selection of candidates, he said.
watch what else is making newsshelar said the sena first put up hoardings with photographs of uddhav thackeray, but after it realised they are not getting desired response the party started using the posters of late sena chief bal thackeray.
after sena realised that uddhavs posters are evoking a lukewarm response, it once again started using bal thackerays images.
sena, which initially put up posters about the promises it had made, withdrew it all of a sudden.
now, the sena chief says hoy me boss ahe (yes, i am the boss) after realising that party cadres have begun to distance themselves, the bjp leader said.
in his interview which appeared in the party organ saamana today, uddhav said, yes, i am the boss and will remain so.
though, i dont need such honorifics, i am the boss as i am the son of bal thackeray.
shelar said thackerays words of praise for former prime minister manmohan singh show sena has nothing to list as concrete works done by it in the last two decades.
ever since the campaigning for bmc elections took off, the sena president has not been able to cross boundaries of mumbai though he had earlier announced to tour entire state and bring sena back to power, he said, adding thackerays inability to cross the boundaries of mumbai is a strategic victory for the bjp.
shelar said thackeray was worried about his partys chances in mumbai.
contrary to this, chief minister devendrafadnavis is criss-crossing entire state campaigning for elections to 10 municipal corporations and 25 zilla parishads, he said, adding sena seems to have already conceded its defeat in bmc polls.
elections to ten municipal corporations, including mumbai and 25 zilla parishads will be held on february 16 and 21.
counting of votes will be done on february 23.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
pti photo maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
pti photoamid uncertainty over alliance with shiv sena for next months civic polls, including bmc, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the seat-sharing talks are going on in the right direction.
invoking chhatrapati shivaji while addressing the bjp workers in thane, the cm said they will come to know about their enemy at appropriate time.
watch what else is making news:talks between the bjp and sena are not confined to seat-sharing alone, but are also directed towards a definite agenda and (ensuring) transparency in public interest.
let me tell you that the talks are going on in the right direction and the party leaders will take a proper decision in this regard, fadnavis told a concluding session of bjp state executive meeting in thane.
invoking the warrior king, he said, you (party workers) are like the mavlas (soldiers of shivaji) who never bothered about who their enemy was but just took on the enemy.
you will come to know about the enemy at appropriate time.
he said, the dream of prime minister narendra modi is to free the country and state from congress and this will be kept in mind.
we dont want the congress to return to power again and hence we will chalk out a proper strategy.
ten municipal corporations, including mumbai, thane and pune, will go to polls on february 21 while 25 zilla parishads in two phases on february 16 and 21.
counting of votes will be done on february 23.
on distribution of tickets for elections, the cm said only those aspirants having potential to get elected and acceptable by citizens would only be given tickets.
he said bjp is trying to bring in a payment gateway for accepting funds which might include use of smart phones.
in his address, fadnavis listed various achievements of bjp governments at state and centre.
i am not claiming that we have achieved hundred per cent, but our efforts are on and the citizens are confident and happy with our performance, which was reflected in recent mandate (on local bodies elections), he said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis at metro line 07 to launch the first u grider on the andheri east to dahisar matro corridor at malad .
express photo by kevin dsouza, mumbai 03-05-2017.
chief minister devendrafadnavis at metro line 07 to launch the first u grider on the andheri east to dahisar matro corridor at malad .
express photo by kevin dsouza, mumbai 03-05-2017.
marking speedy progress of the construction of metro 7, the first u girder for the line was launched by chief minister devendrafadnavis on the western express highway at malad on wednesday.
with an aim to minimise inconvenience to the motorists, the launch was scheduled at 2 am.
calling it a historic moment, the cm said, the metro 7 has picked up pace and it is great that we have been able to install our first girder so soon.
metro corridors are the need of the hour and the only solution to mumbais traffic issues.
once completed, 90 lakh passengers will be benefitted from it.
he also thanked mumbaikars for their cooperation with the project.
by pre-casting the girders and the piers, we are trying to minimise the on-site work and thus reduce trouble to the motorists.
however, todays traffic issues will pave the way for better transport systems in the future.
the metro-7 corridor, running along the western express highway, will certainly reduce the number of vehicles and free the road of the terrible congestion motorists face today, the cm said after the launch.
u p s madan, metropolitan commissioner, mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda), said, the metro-7 corridor  complimented by the dahisar (west) to d n nagar metro-2a corridor  is expected to be used by more than nine lakh commuters.
the corridor will also reduce congestion on the suburban rails, affording much needed comfort and safety.
all metro corridors are a boost to the environment too.
the girder, weighing 140 tonne and measuring 25 metre long and 5 metre wide, was installed on two piers in pathanwadi.
during his early morning tour, the cm also visited the casting yard at bandra (west), the alignment of metro-2a corridor from d n nagar to dahisar (west) and also inspected the 16.
5-km dahisar (east) to andheri (east) corridor.
however, due to traffic diversions for the girder launch, motorists faced a hard time on the highway.
vehicular movement slowed down and traffic jams were spotted even in the wee hours.
this will be a regular scene now until the metro is completed as different stretches will be made one way from 12 am to 5 am everyday for girder launches.
the police have so far arrested three persons  jeetendra shinde, santosh bhawal and nitin bhailume  all of whom have been remanded in police custody.
the police have so far arrested three persons  jeetendra shinde, santosh bhawal and nitin bhailume  all of whom have been remanded in police custody.
a heated discussion on the ahmednagar rape-murder in the maharashtra assembly tuesday saw mlas across party lines demanding that the perpetrators be killed like rabid dogs, or be hanged publicly.
bjps ashish shelar, who is a lawyer by profession, finally had to remind the house that such demands were legally untenable.
jiva pandu gavit, the only cpi (m) mla from maharashtra, demanded that the accused be killed like rabid dogs.
the bjps prashant bamb had earlier stated that the accused should be hanged in public view, and the hanging be screened live.
he said this would send a signal that such crimes would not be tolerated in maharashtra.
later, medha kulkarni and devyani pharande from the bjp and waris pathan from aimim echoed bambs demand.
watch video: whats making newsaccording to the police, the rape victims medical report had found that her hair had been pulled out and hands dislocated from the shoulders.
bjps manisha chaudhari sought a tit-for-tat punishment.
the hands of the accused should be dislocated, she said.
both bamb and pathan said that those pleading for the rights of the accused must be ignored.
what they (the accused) have done is inhuman and cruel.
where is the question of human rights in their case?
said pharande.
former minister and congress mla balasaheb thorat acknowledged that the legal framework did not allow hanging in public, but added that the brutality of the crime evoked such a demand.
the police have so far arrested three persons  jeetendra shinde, santosh bhawal and nitin bhailume  all of whom have been remanded in police custody.
the state has decided to make online tracking of schemes to tackle malnourishment mandatory to facilitate their effective implementation.
online monitoring of malnutrition will be pursued along with concrete remedies to effectively overcome it.
watch what else is making newsfadnavis was speaking at a function organised by the women and child development minister pankaja munde in mumbai to mark international womens day.
fadnavis emphasised the need for special focus on woman self-help groups and providing market opportunities to empower women.
he said, through skill sakhi, we are reaching out to women to impart training in multiple sectors and generate new job options.
emphasis on skill development is part of the plans towards greater participation of women.
mumbai congress chief sanjay nirupam, who led a morcha over the hike in fuel prices outside the suburban collectors office, targeted actor amitabh bachchan.
mumbai congress chief sanjay nirupam, who led a morcha over the hike in fuel prices outside the suburban collectors office, targeted actor amitabh bachchan.
continuing to protest against the bjp-led government over the rise in retail prices of petrol and diesel, the congress on thursday also dragged top bollywood personalities into the debate.
mumbai congress chief sanjay nirupam, who led a morcha over the hike in fuel prices outside the suburban collectors office, targeted actor amitabh bachchan.
in 2012, when the petrol rate was rs 73 per litre, bachchan had quipped that the people could just about afford enough petrol to burn their cars.
the petrol rate now has climbed to rs 85 per litre.
back in 2012, the price of crude oil in international markets had climbed to $ 148 per barrel which had fuelled the price hike.
but currently, the crude oil price is $ 75 a barrell.
will bachchan ask questions to prime minister narendra modi now he asked.
some congress supporters were also trolled actors akshay kumar and anupam kher, who had similarly spoken out against the fuel hike in 2012.
targeting union minister sushma swaraj, nirupam said: in 2012, sushma swaraj had targetted the (then) prime minister over the fuel hike and had said that it had brought the pms chair to disrepute.
does she feel the same about the current prime minister?
cm on price risechief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday advocated bringing petrol and diesel under goods and services tax (gst), which he said would help in reducing their prices.
he said a task force was exploring ways to bring down the prices.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray on wednesday reiterated the solidarity between the bjp and shiv sena stating that the two parties were natural allies, committed to hindutva, who would fight elections together.
advertisingthackeray had invited maharashtra chief minister as the chief guest at shiv senas 53rd foundation day at shanmukhananda hall in mumbai.
after five years of sniping at each other, the two former allies had renewed their alliance in the run-up to the 2019 lok sabha elections.
however, there has been growing concerns over power sharing arrangements in maharashtra if the two go on to win the upcoming assembly elections, due in october.
the sena has been keen that power should be shared equitably between the two parties, with each getting the post of chief minister for two-and-a-half year each.
we have come together and we need to take an oath that we will not split or break away.
you should call me to one of your programmes and i will say this there as well.
things should be equal between us, the sena chief said.
advertisingfadnavis, who spoke before thackeray, was more circumspect and said that the priority of both the sena and bjp workers should be to ensure that the alliance won with a thumping majority in the upcoming elections.
the discussion of who will be a minister or the cm is immaterial.
i want to request you that you should leave these discussions to the media.
our aim should be to ensure the return of this government with a huge majority.
after that both uddhavji and us, will arrive at proper decisions.
such decisions are to be announced at an appropriate time, fadnavis said in his 16-minute speech addressing sena workers.
referring to the two parties as a tiger and a lion, he said there was no doubt about who would rule the state.
we all are here to fight for the saffron flag.
i started my life in rss by swearing by the saffron flag that henceforth the only guru that i will have is the saffron flag.
my first gurudakshina was to the saffron flag, fadnavis said.
earlier in the day, an editorial published in senas mouthpiece saamana called for the installation of a chief minister from the party in maharashtra by next year.
shiv sena is a growing party and now holds a strong presence in the western state of india.
we may have an alliance with the bjp, but we are growing steadily.
after the state elections, there will be saffronisation in the state and a chief minister from shiv sena in maharashtra, the editorial said.
in his 30-minute speech, thackeray also reiterated his commitment towards building a ram temple in ayodhya and scrapping of article 370 in jammu and kashmir.
the final notification for the rs 12,000-crore coastal road project in mumbai will be issued within a month paving the way for resumption of work.
the decision was taken after chief minister devendrafadnavis met union minister for environment and forests anil dave in delhi tuesday.
watch what else is making newsthe chief ministers pet project which promises to ease mumbaikars travel along 35.
6 km stretch between nariman point and kandivali was amongst the ten big ticket projects promised during the bmc elections.
interestingly, the shiv sena and the bjp were caught in a credit war on the project ahead of the elections.
fadnavis who has been relentlessly pursuing the project for last two and half years managed to get majority clearances from the nodal agencies at the centre.
the chief minister said, the coastal road project is a reality and we will ensure its work starts soon from the southern side of mumbai.
another major decision taken relates to fast tracking of the rs 600 crore restoration work at the historic raigad fort, abode of warrior king chhatrapati shivaji.
the chief ministers request to allow maharashtra government to execute the work to expedite the project has been given the nod by the centre.
it has been decided that master plan for development of raigad fort will be approved by the asi and it would be executed by the maharashtra government.
during the meeting with union minister for tourism and culture mahesh sharma, fadnavis suggested a team constituted by the centre to monitor the project.
fadnavis said, i am glad mahesh sharma has given consent to our request for delegation of powers to maharashtra government to expedite the restoration of raigad fort.
the decision will help in fast-tracking the project.
he also revealed that maharashtra government has already budgeted rs 600 crore for the project.
other important projects followed up with concerned ministries included redevelopment of slums falling under the coastal regulation zone (crz).
the chief minister has convened a meeting on march 4 to take a final decision on the project.
chief minister devendrafadnavis met vilas shindes family at their bdd chawl residence in worli wednesday evening.
(file) chief minister devendrafadnavis met vilas shindes family at their bdd chawl residence in worli wednesday evening.
(file)the streets of worli were mostly deserted on thursday, as shops remained shut as a mark of respect for deceased constable vilas shinde.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and police commissioner datta padsalgikar met shindes family at their bdd chawl residence in worli wednesday evening.
according to local residents, all the political parties in the area observed a peaceful bandh.
except for a few utility stores that were kept open, other shops had their shutters down.
bhola upadhyay, owner of lokseva dairy adjacent to mahindra towers, said it was left to the shopkeepers of they wished to participate in the bandh.
there was no political pressure, keeping our shops closed was a voluntary call by one and all.
the force needs to be respected and this is our way of showing solidarity, said upadhyay.
locals could be found sitting outside closed shops discussing details of shindes death.
worli is in mourning.
not everyone knew him personally but he was one of our own, said sushant ingle, a cobbler in the area.
sushila pawar, wife of a police constable who resides in the same neigbourhood, said, we are very scared whenever our husbands go out for duty.
always, our worry is when they will return home.
our kin are entrusted with the job of protecting others.
they should at least be provided with guns or lathis while on duty, said urmi yadav, whose father is a traffic constable.
shinde, a resident of satara, was given a funeral with full state honours thursday.
(source: file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis friday toured akola, washim and hingoli to promote the public welfare projects, especially in core sectors such as housing for poor, water conservation works and health camps in villages.
he also interacted with women representing the bachat gat (self help groups).
undertaking the state government project to promote second tier cities and towns, rs 94 crore were allocated for akola, of which rs 160 crore were for water, rs 193 crore for sewage, rs 22 crore for roads, rs 87 crore for infrastructure and rs 12 crore for swachha maharashtra abhiyan.
at shirala village, residents walked the chief minister through an exhibition on water conservation works in their vicinity undertaken with the peoples participation.
it included the suvarna river deepening and widening project.
the bhoomipujan was conducted for a rs 150-crore speciality hospital with rmo hostel at akola.
a rs 79-crore housing project for slum was also announced.
while revealing that digitalisation would bring better healthcare, fadnavis indicated that the government would ensure nobody was deprived of the medical treatment, and there should be no difference in healthcare services provided in rural and urban areas.
referring to the health camps, he said, one lakh people were given free treatment in beed.
through restructuring of mpjay, the government will help people avail the funds for treatment.
b'the 702-km expressway will pass through nagpur, buldhana, amravati, wardha, washim, thane, aurangabad, akola, bhiwandi and nashik districts and will cut down the travel time between nagpur and mumbai by half.
(express file photo) the 702-km expressway will pass through nagpur, buldhana, amravati, wardha, washim, thane, aurangabad, akola, bhiwandi and nashik districts and will cut down the travel time between nagpur and mumbai by half.
(express file photo)the shiv sena has said the proposed expressway between mumbai and nagpur  samruddhi corridor will lead to a rise in farmer suicides in the state if the government forcibly takes away their irrigated land for the project.
the government machinery is being misused to build this expressway which has caused a severe law and order issue.
protesting farmers are being beaten up and threatened with imprisonment if they hinder government work.
the only thing left now is to cut off the heads of the protesters, the sena said in an editorial in the party mouthpiece saamana today.
it has said that maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis wears a smiling mask on his face all the time, but his real face comes out when he sneers at farmers woes.
thousands of farmers have revolted against this project.
they do not want to sell their mother (irrigated land) but if you are forcing them to do so, your intentions are wrong.
those who could not take revenge of our soldiers mutilation should not hurt farmers too, it said, referring to the mutilation of a soldiers body along the line of control (loc) in kashmir.
farmers are already committing suicide and the numbers will only increase due to this project.
does the government intend to make a guinness world record in farmer suicides?
you cannot lead farmers to the grave with your atrocious policies, it added.
the sena said that the mumbai-pune expressway was a dream project of late sena patriarch bal thackeray, and bjp leader nitin gadkari took it ahead.
but at that time, farmers from panvel to pune didnt protest against the project.
we have never objected to development.
but it should not come at the cost of farmers lives.
had we been opposed to development, we would not have created scores of roads and flyovers in mumbai.
development is the need of the hour but farmer suicides have to be stopped first.
their loan should be waived, it said.
the 702-km expressway will pass through nagpur, buldhana, amravati, wardha, washim, thane, aurangabad, akola, bhiwandi and nashik districts and will cut down the travel time between nagpur and mumbai by half.
farmers in sinnar and igatpuri tehsils of nashik district, besides those in shahpur and kalyan tehsils of thane district, are up in arms against the expressway passing through their farmlands.
they have blocked roads several times and held rallies against the project, fearing forcible acquisition of their land by the government.
ajit pawar addressed rallies where only ncp leaders and workers were present.
ajit pawar addressed rallies where only ncp leaders and workers were present.
a day after it was bundled out of its bastion of pimpri-chinchwad after a 10-year-long reign, a rattled ncp said it had been undone by the bjps misuse of power and money.
we ruled pimpri-chinchwad for 10 years.
and now it seems people have asked us to wait by handing over charge to the bjp, which captured pcmc by misusing the money and power at its disposal, said sanjog waghere, president of the ncps pimpri-chinchwad unit.
most ncp leaders in pimpri-chinchwad have been unable to fathom what went wrong.
they argued that despite all the development that has taken place over the years under ncp rule, it was difficult to believe that the party could lose, and by such a margin.
no other city in maharashtra has seen the kind of development that pimpri-chinchwad has witnessed during ncp rule.
and yet we lost by such a large margin, said a senior ncp leader.
watch what else is making news:while the bjp raced to glory with a landslide victory, securing 77 seats in the pcmc, the ncp had to remain content with 36 seats in the 128-member house.
however, the ncp had proved to be no match for the bjp in the run-up to the civic elections, during campaigning, or even on election day.
ncp leaders and analysts believe that the party faltered right from the very beginning.
while the bjp was attacking the ncp over alleged corruption at every fora, ajit pawars party did little to counter the attack.
it looked jaded and clueless, and failed to come up with a concrete strategy to take on the bjp, said analysts.
the bjp had started its preparations months before, by luring sitting and former corporators, and leaders from ncp and other political parties.
except for former congress leader bhausaheb bhoir, or former corporator and sena leader shyam lande, the ncp did not look for popular faces or focus on the winning capability of leaders.
it relied on its own tried-and-tested senior leaders, several of whom, such as six-time corporator r s kumar, bit the dust this time.
ncp leader yogesh behl claimed he had opposed the nomination of kumar but the party had shot down his objections.
all across pimpri-chinchwad, banners and flex boards of bjp leaders had ensured that the partys presence was noticeable by the public.
every other day, the bjp found a place in newspaper columns, on tv channels or on social media for reasons as varied as a senior ncp leader joining the party or a decision taken by the state government on issues such as illegal constructions or the penalty tax, or by raking up alleged corruption in the pcmc under ncp rule.
in fact, bjp leaders kept on raking up the corruption issue at almost every other platform.
the bjp ensured that it remained visible all the time, said analyst mahadev sahasrabuddhe.
on the day of voting, candidates and workers, carrying the bjps saffron flag, were seen briskly moving around poll booths as well as residential localities, apparently to remain in touch with voters and urge them to vote in their favour.
in contrast, ncp candidates and workers, as well as party flags, were hardly visible.
during campaigning, the bjp was led by none other than the chief minister devendrafadnavis and other popular leaders such as raosaheb danve and pankaja munde.
even defence minister manohar parrikar visited pune and promised to resolve the raging red zone issue.
the ncp, on its part, had ajit pawar all the way.
most of the time, he addressed rallies where only ncp leaders and workers were present; he was also busy holding press conferences.
ncp chief sharad pawar addressed only one rally.
the ncp did a lot of development work in pimpri-chinchwad.
but it seems the ncp was laidback and it was overconfident about winning the election.
this proved to be its undoing, said shiv sena candidate maruti bhapkar, who lost in akurdi.
the bjp, on the other hand, succeeded in creating an atmosphere in its favour, said bhapkar.
by repeating allegations and promising sops, it gained the publics confidence, which translated into a massive number of votes, said bhapkar, alleging that the bjp used money and muscle power to telling effect.
bjp leader sarang kamtekar revealed that one of the tactics adopted by the party was locking top ncp leaders in their respective panels.
we fielded strong leaders in the panels of top ncp leaders like yogesh behl and mangala kadam.
this ensured that they had little time to help their party colleagues in other panels, said kamtekar.
it seemed that the party failed to reach out to voters about development work, said ncp chief sanjog waghere.
we did massive development work in pimpri-chinchwad but somehow failed to make voters realise the good work done by us, he said, adding that the party was still trying to analyse its shock defeat.
chief minister devendrafadnavis held a meeting with virgin hyperloop one ceo and board member rob lloyd in nevada, us.
(express) chief minister devendrafadnavis held a meeting with virgin hyperloop one ceo and board member rob lloyd in nevada, us.
(express)chief minister devendrafadnavis visited the virgin hyperloop one test site to discuss the technology, which is being explored along the mumbai-pune route to bring down travel time from three hours to 25 minutes.
the cm held a meeting with virgin hyperloop one ceo and board member rob lloyd in nevada, usa.
the purpose of the meeting was to take forward the maharashtra governments plan to allow the demonstration and adoption of the technology for the busiest route between mumbai and pune to cut down on the travel time.
it was mutually decided to take the project ahead with virgin hyperloop one, which is ready to send a team of engineers to pune in a few months.
the pune metropolitan regional development authority (pmrda) has already identified the 15-km stretch, where the hyperloop will hold the demonstration track.
the state government has emphasised that 70 per cent of the material and components required by hyperloop would be sourced from maharashtra.
thus, indicating that hyperloop will impart the unique technology and expertise in the project.
but the resources would be pooled in from maharashtra.
in february 2018, virgin hyperloop one founder and chairman richard branson had visited mumbai to attend the magnetic maharashtra event.
he had signed an agreement in presence of prime minister narendra modi and cm fadnavis to take up the mumbai-pune project.
the state government indicated that a pre-feasibility study on the mumbai-pune track had been concluded recently.
the state government believed that superfast connectivity between mumbai, the financial capital of india, and pune, the information and technology hub, would go a long way in easing the traffic hassles and also boost economic investments.
another aspect which was highlighted related to drastic reduction in greenhouse gas emission up to 1.
5 lakh tonne annually.
among the top investors of hyperloop one leading with branson includes, sultan ahmed bin sulayem, ceo and group chairman of dp world, and ziyavudin magomedov, chairman of summa group.
the project, which is expected to complete by 2034, is likely to give india a lead in technology, ahead of several other nations such as the us, middle east and northern europe, where hyperloop services are being worked out.
fadnavis, who is on the two-nation tour to explore investments and further economic ties through mega projects for maharashtra, also held meeting with oracle ceo safra catz in san francisco.
according to fadnavis, the meeting is part of the ongoing initiative between oracle and the government to take forward the digital india and make in india missions under leadership of prime minister narendra modi.
among other subjects discussed included governments polices related to fintech, artificial intelligence and 0catz made the commitment to start advanced data centres in mumbai.
she urged the chief minister to help fast-track investments in data centres.
the cm reciprocated positively.
it was mutually agreed to set up a joint group on government data for applications of artificial intelligence to be enforced in social welfare sectors.
fadnavis reiterated that government wanted to maximise the applications of artificial intelligence in areas and projects, which would bring change in the lives of common citizens.
the government is keen on using ai to make administration more accountable and hassle-free for people.
the day marked a series of meeting with fadnavis holding talks with sumantec ceo greg clark in san francisc.
maharashtra governments information technology department signed an mou with symantec for cyber security, which would entail putting in place a flawless mechanism for cyber policing.
the chief minister proposed setting up of a joint task force with symantech and home department, government of maharashtra.
it would be a joint venture in capacity building and development of system at district level.
the initiative will provide more backup to the cyber labs which are already set up by home department.
maharashtra additional chief secretary (agriculture) dr bhagwan sahai was moved out by chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday and a probe was ordered against him.
maharashtra additional chief secretary (agriculture) dr bhagwan sahai was moved out by chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday and a probe was ordered against him.
a senior maharashtra ias officer friday paid for his alleged highhanded and insensitive behaviour with his subordinates.
the chief minister shunted him out following complaints.
maharashtra additional chief secretary (agriculture) dr bhagwan sahai was moved out by chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday and a probe was ordered against him.
the action follows a complaint that sahai refused permission to joint secretary rajendra ghadge to leave office early on august 11, despite being allegedly requested repeatedly by the latter that his son was under distress and had threatened to end his life.
ghadges son repeatedly threatened to commit suicide if his father didnt come home early that day.
ghadge reportedly hung around in office, with sahai disallowing him permission to go home early.
unfortunately, his son killed himself by the time ghadge had got home.
in the wake of the tragedy, all agriculture department employees, who complained of sustained highhanded behaviour ever since sahai took over in may, submitted a representation against sahai to chief minister fadnavis and chief secretary swadheen kshatriya, demanding that either he (sahai) be removed or the employees be shifted to another department.
the employees union also threatened to go on mass leave if the government did not act against the senior ias officer.
what compounded matters for sahai was surfacing of an official note dated august 12 in which he had sought to see ghadges leave application when a subordinate wrote to him informing of ghadges absence from work since he was attending to his sons last rites in his native place.
sahai has been avoiding comment to the media on his side of the story.
senior state officials confirmed that a clarification from him on various accusations raised by the staff has been sought.
on thursday, kshatriya confirmed that the accusations were of a serious nature.
pending the probe, sahai was moved out of the department on friday.
he has been put on compulsory leave for now.
sources said the government would find it difficult to accommodate him in other crucial departments till the outrage against him dies down.
additional chief secretary (finance) dinesh kumar jain has been assigned additional charge of agriculture secretary.
b'what you sow, so shall you reap.
khadse is experiencing it nowadays, the sena said.
(source: file photo) what you sow, so shall you reap.
khadse is experiencing it nowadays, the sena said.
(source: file photo)shiv sena on wednesday targeted former maharashtra revenue minister eknath khadse again, saying he is reaping what he sowed, and his rehabilitation depends on the outcome of a probe conducted by agencies controlled by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the latest attack on khadse, who resigned in june over a slew of charges, came days after he reportedly said at a function that it was the partys faith in breaking news on electronic media that cost him his job.
khadse, in the presence of education minister vinod tawde, said despite knowing media news is not always true, the party (bjp) trusted media reports and wasted 40 years of his hard work (by asking him to resign), an editorial in sena mouthpiece saamana said.
(agriculture minister) pandurang fundkar and (state bjp chief) raosaheb danve have spoken in khadses favour.
but in the end, whether one is innocent or not is established by state machinery which does not go against the orders of their political bosses, the editorial said.
what you sow, so shall you reap.
khadse is experiencing it nowadays.
he was enjoying being the key person who caused the bjp-sena alliance to break (before the 2014 assembly polls).
little did he know his happiness would be so short lived, the sena said.
watch what else is making newsonly fadnavis, who also holds the home portfolio (and has administrative control over probe agencies) knows if khadse would be proved innocent and enjoy travelling in red beacon car once again (by becoming a minister), the ruling ally quipped.
in the eye of a storm over allegations of corruption, including irregularities in a land deal, khadse had resigned from his ministerial post in june.
khadse was considered as number 2 in the fadnavis cabinet and handled some vital portfolios.
the bjp veteran denied the allegations and has repeatedly said the party leadership asked him to quit on the basis of unsubstantiated charges.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: file photo)maharashtra will be the first state in the country to have a registry of prospective bone marrow donors.
a memorandum of understanding was signed recently between state departments of public health and medical education and drugs and the tata trust.
the trust will be the driver of the project.
the first training session for 34 laboratory technicians from government and private medical colleges and blood banks was held here on june 29 at the government medical college.
cm devendrafadnavis , who had announced the programme in the assembly on march 31, could be a prospective donor when the project is launched in august, aneka paul, senior development officer, health, tata trust, told the indian express.
leukaemia, thalassemia and aplastic anaemia patients show a high rate of recovery when transplanted with matching bone marrow.
having a registry of willing donors would facilitate quick treatment, paul said.
the policy outlines that the site should have two-way access for movement of vehicles, like fire engines and ambulances.
the policy outlines that the site should have two-way access for movement of vehicles, like fire engines and ambulances.
written by ajay khapethe directorate general of civil aviation (dgca) has urged the pune municipal corporation (pmc) to seek a no objection certificate (noc) from it before allowing any construction near the site of a helipad, or where one is likely to be developed.
in a communication to the pmc, the dgca cited the maharashtra governments new helipad policy, introduced in january this year to ensure enhanced safety measures.
the policy specifies that construction activity in and around the designated helicopter landing sites has to be monitored, so that a newly-constructed structure doesnt end up becoming a hindrance for helicopter operations.
before giving permission for construction activity in and around any helicopter landing site, the pmc should seek a noc from civil aviation authorities, said the dgca.
construction activity near pune airport has always been a contentious issue and the civic body recently demolished a few structures that were developed in the restricted zone.
the helipad policy, however, extends the restrictions to any part of the city where a helipad is developed.
the state government introduced the helipad policy after at least four incidents involving the helicopter ferrying chief minister devendrafadnavis were reported in the last few months.
the policy outlines that the helipad site and adjoining areas, up to a distance of 500 metres, should be free of electric wires, cables, microwave towers, transformers and any object that can turn into an obstruction for the safe operation of the helicopter.
the site should preferably not have densely populated areas, and have an easy, two-way access for the movement of vehicles such as fire engines and ambulances.
the policy aims to ensure safety during the take-off or landing of the helicopters registered with the dgca.
it has also given the state directorate of civil aviation (dca) the task of providing approvals for all operations that take place at a particular helicopter landing site.
the dca has to conduct a safety audit from time to time to ensure that the policy is being complied with.
the directorate will have to update the policy specifications, as and when required, and prepare a master list of helicopter landing sites.
the dgca had already issued civil aviation requirements and other guidelines pertaining to design and operations of the helicopter.
while the document is technical in nature, a policy document prepared by the state government not only simplifies the regulations, but also customises them to suit the requirements of the state.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
his government had also stepped up efforts to complete the incomplete irrigation projects, fadnavis said in the second episode of tv show mi mukhyamantri boltoy (this is cm speaking), aired by doordarshans sahyadri channel and other marathi channels today.
micro-irrigation not only saves water, but experience tells us that it also raises productivity, he said.
in the first phase of micro-irrigation, only the required amount of water is given to crops after soil testing.
the dose of water is increased in the second phase, he said, answering a question by madhukar pawar, a farmer.
during the program, the cm answers peoples questions, sent by email, whatsapp or post.
some of them get the chance to be present on the show and ask the question in person.
the chief ministers office had received some 2500 questions from various parts of the state, officials said.
fadnavis said he was confident that in the next three years, most of the sugarcane farming would switch to micro-irrigation.
we need rs 80,000 crore to finish incomplete irrigation projects.
we are working hard on it.
state- and district-level committees have been set up for the technical evaluation of projectsthe centre has agreed to provide assistance of rs 26,000 crore.
when these projects are completed, our irrigation capacity would see a quantum jump, he said.
to a question by another farmer, santosh dinkar, fadnavis said the government had undertaken a project to revive five rivers in the konkan region with the help of dr rajendra singh, the famous water conservationist.
he was speaking at the state bjps executive conclave in thane.
watch what else is making newsfadnaviss remarks clearly signals his partys approach to set the terms for the alliance.
the remarks assume significance in the backdrop of shiv sena chief uddhav thackerays repeated potshots at the modi government on a series of issues, ranging from foreign diplomacy and economic reforms to demonetisation.
explaining the reason behind rolling out the process of pre-poll talks, fadnavis said, it is our endeavour to reach out to one and all for a congress-mukt bharat (congress-free india) a reality.
but there would be no question of deviating from the larger political agenda pursued by our prime minister.
a day after they called off their strike earlier scheduled for tuesday, chief minister devendrafadnavis assured autorickshaw unions that the government would be taking steps in their interest.
advertisingthe unions led by mumbai autorickshaw taximens union president shashank rao had, among other things, demanded a rise in minimum fare from rs 18 to rs 22.
they had called for a strike under the banner of the autorickshaw chalak-malak kriti samiti.
in the meeting held with the aggrieved unions on tuesday, fadnavis said that a committee of autorickshaw driver representatives and government officials will be constituted within a week to look into the demands.
we are positive about the demands.
not only is the committee going to solve issues but also help in setting up a welfare board and look into schemes that would benefit the drivers and owners, he added.
after the meeting, rao said, we have full faith in chief minister devendrafadnavis , who personally met with the union representatives assurance of setting up a committee will help those in need.
advertisingon monday, rao had met transport secretary ashish kumar singh but the union had decided to proceed with the strike.
a meeting with fadnavis later on monday evening, however, had led rao to call off the strike.
the unions had raised several demands, which they claimed, have been pending since 2017.
we want a fare hike according to hakim committee formula, rao said.
earlier, the tariff for autorickshaws and taxis was fixed according to a report submitted by the one-man committee of former bureaucrat m a hakeem.
the erstwhile congress-ncp government had accepted his recommendations in 2012.
among others, the report had called for a review of the fare on may 1 every year.
other than the increase in fare, the drivers have demanded implementation of various schemes, such as pensions and medical benefits under the welfare board and a crack down on illegal autorickshaws, taxis and buses plying in the city.
b'sanjay nirupam (file photo) sanjay nirupam (file photo)mumbai congress president sanjay nirupam on friday alleged that a contractors cartel was favoured by the state government and the centre to award work worth rs 27,000 crore for the nagpur-mumbai samruddhi express highway.
addressing the media, nirupam said: chief minister devendrafadnavis has facilitated amendments in the tender process to promote only five contractors for the project.
the state government owes an explanation as it was highly unethical to tweak the rules to extend favour to select private players and keep others away from contesting.
the matter that has already been referred to the pmo and cmo should be probed, he said.
the indian express was the first to bring the matter to light on thursday.
the report said two leading organisations in the construction industry have objected to the bidding process to award contracts to build the 701-km road.
the national highway builders federation and the construction federation of india have complained to the pmo objecting to certain provisions in the request for qualification (rfq) document alleging that they had been tailored to favour some players.
they sought the pmos intervention in the matter.
both outfits had also approached the cmo and alleged that there was an intentional and premeditated design to suppress competitiveness in the bidding process.
contacted by the indian express, fadnavis had said he was not aware of the objections.
the bidding criteria are not decided at the government level.
the msrdc can throw light on these.
but if i receive any memorandum in this regard, ill surely look into the merits of the case, he said.
the due date for bidding has been extended to may 31.
nirupam said: the developments cast a question mark on the working of the government and its tall claims about the transparency plank.
mocking the bjps decision to start samvaad yatra he said: on one hand, they failed to help farmers whose tur (pulses) remain unprocured and traders reap the benefits.
on the other hand, they are planning dialogue with farmers.
the congress has threatened a state-wide agitation to protest the hike in petrol prices.
maharashtra pradesh congress committee chief ashok chavan said: petrol prices are the highest in maharashtra.
it shows the governments failure to tackle finances and planning.
slamming both central and state governments, he said: there cannot be any justification for the repeated petrol price rise.
mohsin shaikh was murdered in june 2014 allegedly by members of the hindu rashtra sena (hrs).
mohsin shaikh was murdered in june 2014 allegedly by members of the hindu rashtra sena (hrs).
the family of mohsin shaikh  a 28-year-old man in pune who was murdered in june 2014 allegedly by members of the hindu rashtra sena (hrs)  has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis , seeking appointment of ujjwal nikam as a public prosecutor to oppose the bail petition of the main accused dhananjay desai.
desais bail application is scheduled to be heard by the bombay high court on february 1.
the letter, written by mohsins father mohammed sadiq shaikh, states that desai, who allegedly instigated the attack has on many occasions tried to disturb the peace and brotherhood between hindus and muslims for his personal benefit.
the letter says that for maintaining peace and harmony, it was important that desai be punished.
watch what else is making news:he must not be granted bail at any cost for our safety and safety of all innocent people.
as we all know shri ujjwal nikam is the most capable public prosecutor in india who is handling this case at sessions court in pune also.
in view of above i request your honour to appoint nikam as the public prosecutor for our case to appear for hearing on february 1 and thereafter, according to the letter.
the high court had earlier rejected the bail plea of prime accused desai.
on january 12, however, the bombay high court had granted bail to three out of 21 arrested in the case.
in her january 12 order, justice mridula bhatkar observed that the fault of the deceased was only that he belonged to another religion.
i consider this factor in favour of the applicants/accused.
moreover, the applicants/accused do not have any criminal record and it appears that in the name of the religion, they were provoked and have committed the murder.
mohsins family now plans to move the supreme court against the grant of bail to the accused  of the 21 accused, 14 have been granted bail so far.
mohsin, who worked in a pune firm, was attacked on his way home after offering prayers at a masjid on the night of june 2, 2014.
his friend, riyaz ahmed mubarak shendure, was with him when they were targeted, allegedly by hrs members protesting an alleged facebook post of some derogatory pictures of chhatrapati shivaji and bal thackeray.
later, a case of murder was registered at the hadapsar police station and 21 hrs members, including their leader dhananjay jayram desai alias bhai, were arrested.
the state had then appointed ujjwal nikam as a prosecutor inthe case.
b'the refusal of district cooperative banks to restructure loans of farmers with more than one-year-old outstanding debts is likely to deprive 32 lakh farmers of fresh loans in the kharif and rabi season.
the 32 lakh farmers have payments pending since 2010-11, and owe rs 12,000 crore to the cooperative banks.
this means while the government has hiked its credit crop plan from rs 42,000 crore last year to rs 54,000 crore this year, the benefits may not reach the farmers.
the government had directed national and district cooperative banks to restructure loans of all farmers, but they have refused, claiming the order has to come from reserve bank of india and nabard.
restructuring involves keeping interest rate zero for the first year and extending period of repayment of loans to five years from three.
banks are reluctant to offer this benefit to farmers with long-standing debts as they do not wish to increase non-performing assets (npas).
farmers cannot be eligible for new loans unless they pay existing debts.
watch video: whats making newsbanks argue that under the banking negotiation instrument act, the restructuring of loans can be confined to crop loans availed by farmers for only a year.
at a recent agriculture review meeting, chief minister devendrafadnavis had directed nabard officials and district cooperative banks to evolve a mechanism to accommodate larger sections of farmers in the increased credit plan.
there are 28 district co-op banks under the nodal maharashtra state cooperative bank, which account for 60 per cent of crop loans extended.
the remaining 40 per cent is through national banks.
at present, 78 per cent of farmers have land-holdings of less than two hectares, and almost 80 per cent of the land is non-irrigated.
as a result, they have to make higher investments to cultivate crops, said fadnavis.
this means it is difficult for farmers to do without fresh loans.
experts said the government needs to come up with a mechanism to tackle the outstanding loans of rs 12,000 crore owed to the banks.
former minister for cooperation and marketing harshvardhan patil said, i think the chief minister should personally intervene in the matter urgently.
on one hand, we have almost 50 per cent farmers being left out of crop loans cover, and on the other, there is no mechanism to mitigate financial implications of these loans.
patil said while big credit plan of rs 54,000 crore may appear very promising, it would not help many farmers on the ground.
the restructuring will help only five to six lakh farmers in maharashtra, he said.
the government has claimed that of the 1.
3 crore farmers in the state, the restructuring policy has already helped 17 lakh in just one year.
the farm debt has been accumulating since my government  in the years 2010-11, 2011-12, 2012-13 and 2013-14  and has now added up to a massive rs 12,000 crore for 32 lakh farmers, patil admitted.
unless this riddle is solved, farmers will be forced to seek help from private money lenders, and be vulnerable to exploitation.
a massive rally was held against the demolition tuesday.
(express photo) a massive rally was held against the demolition tuesday.
(express photo)the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on wednesday waded into the controversy over the demolition of ambedkar bhavan with chief minister devendrafadnavis calling the action unlawful.
fadnavis said if there is a new plan by consensus to redevelop ambedkar bhavan, the state would be willing to implement the project on its own.
the chief minister had on april 14, dr. b r ambedkars birth anniversary, conducted a bhoomipujan for the redevelopment of ambedkar bhavan in dadar into a 17-storey structure by the peoples improvement trust, which ambedkar had constituted.
replying to a calling attention motion by shiv senas neelam gorhe in the state legislative council, fadnavis said that the demolition conducted on june 25 in the middle of the night without informing the police or the fire brigade was not official, and was wrong.
he assured that the building wil be restored by month end.
watch video: whats making newsfadnavis said, while accepting any programme, the chief ministers office ensures that all approvals are in place and documents are in order, which they were in this case.
the property card had the names of the trustees.
but, i received a call from prakash ambedkar afterwards who informed me about the dispute over the matter and i gave instructions to the urban development department and the police to not take any further action till there is clarity.
the chief minister said that the demolition order was only for the ambedkar bhavan building and not for the printing press, which the trust partially pulled down as part of the demolition.
there was no reason to touch the printing press.
there will also be an inquiry to see if the demolition notice to the building was given as per rules.
further, we will send a proposal to the bmc to give a heritage tag to the printing press, fadnavis said.
with several legislators demanding the removal of former bureaucrat ratnakar gaikwad as state information commissioner considering his involvement with the peoples improvement trust, fadnavis said the state government will prepare a report and submit it to the governor.
the post of a state information commissioner is a constitutional post and the state government cannot make any appointments or dismissals.
only the governor has these powers, so we will prepare a factual report about ratnakar gaikwads involvement and send it to the governors office, the chief minister said.
the bjp-led state government, which was officially silent on the demolition until now, also plans to oppose the bail pleas of members of the peoples improvement trust against whom ambedkars grandsons have filed an fir.
the state government has decided to launch six smart cities, financed and executed entirely by the state government.
the state government had submitted a proposal for 10 smart cities to the centre last year.
however, in the first phase, pune and solapur made it to a list of 20 cities chosen from across the country.
prime minister narendra modi is arriving in pune on saturday to launch the smart cities project.
but the state government believes it cannot keep the development of other eight cities on the back-burner.
as the second and the third phase of centres project will gradually would require some time, the state plans to evolve its own model for smart cities.
the six cities which got the nod include nagpur, amravati, nashik, pimpri-chinchwad, kalyan-dombivli and aurangabad.
however, mumbai and navi mumbais smart cities development has been left to their respective civic bodies.
according to fadnavis,  while financial model would be worked out by the state government, it would co-opt the guidelines of the centre evolved for the smart cities project.
almost all the six cities that fadnavis plans to adopt are emerging as new socio-economic and agro-industrial centres.
b'on november 11, 2016, the fadnavis government had hiked the fsi/tdr for those who surrendered land areas for the reservation free of any encroachments.
(file) on november 11, 2016, the fadnavis government had hiked the fsi/tdr for those who surrendered land areas for the reservation free of any encroachments.
(file)chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday cancelled a directive issued to the mumbai municipality just two days before sanctioning mumbais new development plan.
the directive, issued using a clause of the maharashtra regional and town planning act (1966), allowed additional construction rights worth several hundred crores to developers revamping mumbais cotton textile mills.
while the government-sanctioned mumbais new development plan on april 25 this year, the urban development (ud) department led by fadnavis had on april 23 proposed a modification to section 34 of the development control (dc) rules to benefit luxury projects on mill lands.
section 34 deals with grant of floor space index (fsi) or transferable development right (tdr) benefits to a landowner for handing over the area impacted by public reservations to the mumbai municipality.
documents show that the department had, on april 23, made use of section 154(1) of the mrtp act for issuing directives to the municipality which had raised objections to implement the proposed modification with immediate effect, pending the legal process of hearing public suggestions and objections.
the mrtp section grants the state government powers to issue directives to local bodies for implementing or bringing into effect central and state government programmes or project or for efficient administration of the act, or in larger public interest.
in 2011, the bombay high court had ruled that it cannot be used for bypassing public suggestions and objections while proposing modification in the dc rule.
on friday evening, principal secretary (urban development) dr nitin kareer confirmed that the government had cancelled the earlier directive, staying the implementation of the modification, which will now be a part of the excluded portion of the new development plan, on which public suggestions have already been invited.
on november 11, 2016, the fadnavis government had hiked the fsi/tdr for those who surrendered land areas for the reservation free of any encroachments.
in the island city where the mill lands are situated and where real estate prices command a premium, the hike was substantial, from 1.
33 times the area of the surrendered land to 2.
5 times.
wary of public criticism, the government had ruled that the enhanced benefit will only be applied prospectively.
in other words, it was not extended for cases of earlier land acquisition or developments where compensation in the form of fsi/tdr or any other means had been paid partly or fully.
the april 23 modification diluted this rider, permitting the benefit to accrue even retrospectively.
it proposed that for mill land projects, developers who have already been given compensation in part or fully for surrendering such land areas in the past, would still be entitled to the heightened benefit, provided their construction project is yet to be issued an occupation certification and it has not utilised the entire fsi permissible.
documents show that both the civic building proposals department and the ud had questioned the modification initially, with officials from both sides contending that the compensation of the surrendered land area had no linkage to the status of construction.
the benefit is meant to be provided as a compensation for the surrendered land.
how can it be linked to the construction stage?
it is like when two parties are negotiating a land deal, the moment a token amount is paid, the deal value is considered to be locked, said a senior official, requesting anonymity.
the approved new development plan only grants compensation upto 1 time of the surrendered land area for textile mill redevelopments.
directives under section 154 (1) of the mrtp had ensured that the modification was implemented forthwith.
most mill redevelopments have already availed the fsi benefit against surrender of rg under the old provision, confirmed officials.
with large areas surrendered, the modification will allow ongoing luxury constructions on mills land to reap major construction bonus, sources claim.
before fridays order, records show that acting on the states directive, the municipality has already approved proposals to grant additional construction area in two projects  one implemented by indiabulls infraestate limited and another by shreeniwas cotton mills limited  both in lower parel.
records also show that the centre-owned national textile corporation, which has handed over 66,000 sq m worth rg to the civic body, would gain the most if the modification goes ahead.
documents show that when the proposal was first taken up for consideration in november, 2017, both the municipality and the ud had opposed it.
chief engineer (development plan) sanjay darade, on november 7, 2017, wrote to the government, the tdr/fsi benefit had been granted at the time of hand over of the reservation as per the prevailing regulation.
the enhanced benefit cannot be given unless dc rules are modified.
the same month, the ud claimed in a report submitted to the cmo, that the compensation of land under reservation was in no way impacted by whether the project has occupation permission or not.
it wasnt right to link the two.
on february 2, 2018, the department justified the proposed modification on grounds of impediments being faced by mill developers due to tough riders.
the civic body has mandated advance handover of the reservation.
but (in most cases), the full commencement certificate is yet to be issued and balance fsi remains.
it seems appropriate to extend the enhanced incentive, stated the note.
kareer had been on leave when the second note was issued and uds charge had been assigned to additional chief secretary (housing) sanjay kumar.
when the indian express contacted kumar, he said he does not recollect the proposal.
the departments joint secretary jd landge hasnt signed the file either.
on thursday, kareer said, when the file first came to me in december, the department had pointed out certain issues which remained to be discussed.
subsequently, the departments viewpoint has been that in mill land cases, advanced possession of reservations is taken and the full fsi is yet to be consumed.
im not aware of the file being processed or approved since i was on leave around the time.
a delegation of senior ncp leaders from western maharashtra, led by party chief sharad pawar, met chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday to discuss the flood situation in the region and demanded further relief from the government for flood-affected people.
in kolhapur, sangli, satara districts and other areas, heavy rain and floods caused unprecedented conditions in villages along the rivers.
while visiting these areas, the flood victims presented their concerns.
i had promised them that i would meet the cm and apprise him of their demands.
accordingly, i along with senior party leaders met him and submitted a statement of various demands of the flood victims, pawar said.
b'the move comes at a time when bjps efforts to reach out to the dalit community, both socially and politically, have been dented due to recent incidents of violence against the community.
the move comes at a time when bjps efforts to reach out to the dalit community, both socially and politically, have been dented due to recent incidents of violence against the community.
the maharashtra government has raised the creamy layer criterion for other backward classes (obcs) from the present annual salary of rs 4.
5 lakh to rs 6 lakh.
chief minister devendrafadnavis made the announcement in the state legislature friday.
this easing of the salary bar for obc reservations would bring more backward class aspirants for government jobs and education inside the reservation net.
the creamy layer is the income ceiling that separates poor obcs from those relatively well-off who are ineligible to avail such reservations.
the move comes at a time when bjps efforts to reach out to the dalit community, both socially and politically, have been dented due to recent incidents of violence against the community in gujarat and abuses hurled at bahujan samajwadi party chief mayawati by senior bjp leader dayashankar singh.
fearing a political fallout of these incidents with crucial civic polls scheduled in mumbai, thane, pune and nagpur scheduled early next year, the bjp government in maharashtra has intensified efforts to woo the community.
immediately after the chief ministers announcement, the bjps most prominent obc face in the state, former minister eknath khadse, raised the demand for setting up of a separate department in mantralaya for obcs, while lauding the relaxation in the salary bar.
it is a very important suggestion.
our (the governments) intention is to set up such a department.
a decision will soon be taken, fadnavis replied.
watch video: whats making newsthe obcs constitutionally enjoy 27 per cent reservation in government jobs, education.
the creamy layer was first introduced in 1993.
but while a high income bar will be cheered by the obcs it has the potential to rile a section of the forward castes, which is hostile to reservations, bjp sources admitted.
chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)although elections in maharashtra are two-and-a-half years away, mainstream political parties, including the ruling bjp and shiv sena, and opposition congress and ncp have taken the battle to the rural electorate to consolidate their electoral base.
in may, the state is witnessing three political yatras.
while the congress-ncp will launch sangharsh yatra from may 15 in konkan region, the shiv sena is taking forward its sampark yatra from may 15 beyond marathwada.
the bjp is all set to start the samvaad yatra from may 24.
of the 288 assembly seats in maharashtra, almost 158 are from rural areas.
in terms of population, the state has 45 per cent urban and 55 per cent rural population.
leader of opposition in the state assembly (congress) radhakrishna vikhe-patil said: in politics, we have to remain prepared for any eventuality.
after the uttar pradesh government announced a loan waiver, we had valid reasons to agitate on farmers loan waiver issue in maharashtra.
although the ncp has ruled out mid-term polls, what has set them worried is the challenge to strengthen the organisation in the state.
the ncps loss in the zilla parishad elections paving the way for bjp to emerge as number one party has got the ncp leaders worried.
state ncp chief sunil tatkare said: apart from the ongoing sangharsh yatra with the congress in may, the ncp will take a separate state-wide tour in june and july.
in the 2014 assembly elections, the ncp won only 41 seats out of the total 288 seats.
the congress got one seat more, 42.
the bjp emerged the leader with 122 seats and its alliance partner shiv sena got 63 seats.
political managers in the congress, ncp and shiv sena agreed that preparations have to begin from now and the next elections will see a multi-cornered contest.
the top leadership in the congress ruled out the possibility of pre-poll alliance with the ncp arguing.
in uttar pradesh, it failed to stop the bjp.
so, it is better to build our own organisation, said a leader.
yet, a lot would depend on what decision party president sonia gandhi and aicc vice-president rahul gandhi take after consultations with ncp president sharad pawar.
a former congress minister said: unless we overcome the trust deficit, pre-poll alliance within congress-ncp will never work.
today, our joint sangharsh yatra is underway.
the ncp has declared its own state-wide tour in june and july.
now, we have to work on our own strategy.
shiv sena president uddhav thackeray has given clear indications to the cadre to make inroads in the congress and ncp space to counter the bjp.
a senior sena (mp) said: the overall trend in the last three years at the centre and two-and-a-half-years in the state have shown bjps graph growing rapidly.
in local bodies, sena has been relegated to fourth position.
buoyed by the electoral success in 28 zilla parishads, ten municipal corporations and 284 panchayat samitis, the bjp wants to use the sampark yatra to make deeper inroads in non-bjp rural bastions as part of the partys expansion drive.
chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewing the jalyukta shivar project at lambota village in latur district.
express file photo chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewing the jalyukta shivar project at lambota village in latur district.
express file photothe state governments flagship project jalyukta shivar abhiyan has brought 15 lakh hectares of land under irrigation in the last 15 months in the drought-hit districts of marathwada and vidarbha.
on january 26, 2015, chief minister devendrafadnavis had launched the jalyukta shivar abhiyan, setting a target of bringing at least 25 lakh hectares of land under irrigation in three phases between 2015 and 2018.
preliminary reports across the drought-hit districts, where the project was undertaken on a mammoth scale, shows that out of 25 lakh hectares, the work so far has helped bring 15 lakh hectares under irrigation.
thus, showing a 60 per cent achievement in just 15 months.
the audit report of the total work completed and how much land will get irrigated shows results that surpass the target set by the state government.
a highly placed source told the indian express, almost all 14 drought-hit districts have shown remarkable progress ahead of the target.
good monsoon will help us bring larger irrigation stretches under agriculture, especially in marathwada and vidarbha.
watch video: whats making newsfadnavis has been monitoring its progress almost every week.
and every three months, there have been course corrections to expedite work.
when the project was launched, 25,000 villages out of a total of 40,000 villages were shortlisted for the jalyukta shivar in three phases to be completed by 2018.
in the first phase (2015-16), 6,200 villages saw 1.
20 lakh projects.
in the second phase, 5,500 villages with 80,000 works were taken up by the state government along with various non-government organisations.
however, gradually, individual village gram panchayats and elected members (mlas) came forward, suggesting they would prefer to simultaneously take up jalyukta shivar work in their respective villages or districts.
initially, work related to jalyukta shivar was confined to desilting of rivers and ponds, and reconstruction of small canals, among others.
in march 2016, fadnavis launched another scheme as part of drought mitigation to supplement the ongoing works called magel tyala shettal farm ponds.
a farmer had to apply online for seeking a farm pond for which the government provided rs 50,000.
online applications received till now has crossed 1.
25 lakh.
four months saw completion of almost 75,000 farm ponds.
at successive review meetings on drought-mitigation plans, fadnavis had emphasised on completion of water conservation projects on priority to avail the rainfall in the next three to four months in the drought-hit region.
the emphasis on farm ponds was to facilitate the farmers to cultivate at least one crop even in the worst dry spell.
during his drought tour to latur, fadnavis was surprised to see standing crops in the middle of barren land across the village.
when asked what was the secret, a farmer said, i have a farm pond.
the pre-monsoon showers helped us store some water.
and we used it for cultivating the crops.
as part of assured irrigation, 35,000 wells have been completed.
the target is to complete one lakh wells in the next three years.
in picture, prime minister narendra modi.
in picture, prime minister narendra modi.
prime minister narendra modi sunday mentioned the maharashtra governments flagship project jalyukta shivar to tackle drought situation in the country.
speaking at the bjp national conclave in bhubaneswar, he asked other states to replicate the maharashtra model to overcome water crisis and help farmers.
highly placed sources in the ministry of water conservation said the state government already had offers from various states to study the jalyukta shivar model.
the states that have shown interest in the project includes karnataka, rajasthan, madhya pradesh, uttar pradesh, gujarat and andhra pradesh.
a senior officer told the indian express: officials from karnakata have expressed their desire to replicate the jalyukta shivar model in their state.
the neighbouring state facing drought-like situation has already sought release of additional water from krishna river basin in maharashtra.
the officer said 2.
65 tmc water was being released to karnataka.
sources said the state government had given the karnataka officials a list of prominent water management persons, such as popatrao pawar and prof rajendra singh, among others, who had been working closely with the states flagship project.
it also furnished various types of water conservation works underway across drought-prone villages in the state.
water crisis has badly hit southern states like karnataka, tamil nadu, parts of telengana and andhra pradesh.
though uttar pradesh is water surplus, chief minister yogi aadityanath too has conveyed to maharashtra that he wants to look at the water management model.
sources said officials in rajasthan had already evolved a similar model to tackle the states water problems.
last week, chief minister devendrafadnavis had directed all guardian ministers to come out with a detailed report on jalyukta shivar work in their respective districts.
after completion of the project, the government plans to upgrade it and ensure maintenance of the work done to optimise the water potential.
the jalyukta shivar project was launched in maharashtra on january 26, 2015.
while work on two phases are complete at a total expenditure of rs 3,200 crore, including peoples contribution of rs 550 crore.
for third phase, the process of shortlisting 5,000 villages has started this month.
the government plans to make all 25,000 drought-prone villages water reliant by 2019.
at the state level bankers committee (slbc) meeting on wednesday to announce the state annual plan for 2019-20, chief minister devendrafadnavis expressed displeasure at the financial institutions failure to cross 54 per cent target in disbursement of crop credit to farmers in the state.
advertisingthe state government approved the annual state credit plan of rs 4.
24 lakh crore for 2019-20 that also included rs 87,322 crore for the agriculture sector.
in 2018-19, the state government had approved rs 58,319 crore for crop loans.
the directives to financial institutions was to meet 90 to 95 per cent target.
fadnavis, in an official statement, said, all the decisions that are taken at the slbc meetings are not meant for completing the formalities.
the banks are expected to implement the decisions.
there has to be an explanation why the credit flow in the agriculture sector is so low at 54 per cent.
why are farmers who are seeking financial assistance being deprived of the funds?
what justifies the low credit flow in agriculture sector when farmers are in distress?
the weak agriculture sector adversely impacts the overall gdp growth and socio-economic development.
therefore, banks should show more sensitivity towards the agriculture sector, said the chief minister.
he also said the farmers could not be driven away.
instead, financial institutions should tackle their problems and address them with financial assistance within given norms, he added.
the meeting assumes significance ahead of the kharif season that begins in mid-june, when farmers take fresh loans for sowing.
the shiv sena on wednesday boycotted the maharashtra cabinet meeting to display its solidarity with the ongoing strike by farmers in the state.
the party also demanded complete loan waiver for farmers.
according to sources, the sena apprehends that loan waiver announced by chief minister devendrafadnavis would help the bjp walk credit in the coming elections.
they said the boycott is to mount pressure on bjp to share the credit with the sena.
a sena leader said, we believe the loan waiver should be for all farmers and not just confined to small and marginal ones.
sena ministers met fadnavis on wednesday morning to convey their inability to attend the meeting.
they reasoned that party president uddhav thackeray was on a holiday abroad; as a result, the partys strategy will be discussed only after he returns and meets party leaders.
finance minister sudhir mungantiwar said: the shiv sena has not boycotted the cabinet.
they sought permission from the chief minister to skip the meeting.
we will discuss it with the sena after thackerays return.
sena mp sanjay raut said, the ministers have boycotted the cabinet meeting as we demand a complete loan waiver for farmers.
dozens of documents which have handwritings and signatures of the dummy candidate racketeers and those of the original candidates have been sent for forensic analysis to three central laboratories in pune, hyderabad and ahmedabad.
besides, investigators said documents on some cases in which dummy candidates had appeared cannot be traced because the records have not been kept properly by the exam-conducting bodies.
a special investigation team (sit) of the state criminal investigation department (cid), which is probing the statewide dummy candidate racket, has filed two chargesheets in the case and will be filing one more soon against the accused arrested recently.
the sit has till now confirmed the names of 49 serving government servants recruited after impersonators provided by racketeers appeared for them in exams since 2009, including some in pune.
the cid has arrested 10 people who allegedly ran the racket, including kingpin prabodh rathod, a dismissed government employee from nanded, two former police officers of assistant inspector rank, a cid handwriting expert and a cop who was part of the initial probe into the racket.
a large number of documents which contain handwritings and signatures of the dummy candidates and actual candidates have been sent to three central forensic laboratories in pune, hyderabad and ahmedabad for analysis.
after we receive the reports, we will not only continue with the trial but also communicate to the government about these 49 serving employees recruited through the racket, said shankar kengar, superintendent of police, cid, who is heading the sit.
there are some instances where we have concrete information of dummy candidates appearing, but the related papers have not been found.
it is mainly because the exam-conducting bodies concerned have not maintained the papers properly, he added.
a 27-year-old political science graduate, yogesh jadhav from nanded, who is preparing for the civil services examinations, had first unearthed the series of impersonations by filing several rti applications, which led to the statewide probe by the cid sit.
he started digging into the cases, when he found several youths known to him had sold or mortgaged their ancestral land or houses to pay a middleman for their selection into government jobs.
the chargesheet filed by the sit last year reveals how the racketeers bribed anti corruption bureau officials to avoid inquiry and even went on to bribe cid handwriting experts to mislead the probe even after police investigations began into the racket.
sources said this was one reason why the documents were sent to central forensic labs.
in april last year, the state government formed the sit after a direct intervention from chief minister devendrafadnavis and it was given the mandate to probe into cases of dummy candidates, including many in pune.
as per primary estimate, the number of cases in which dummy candidates are suspected to have appeared is over 1,000.
several recruitments in departments like police, social welfare, secretariat, agriculture and women and child development are now under sit scanner.
behind each selected candidate, the racketeers were paid anywhere between rs 5 lakh and rs 10 lakh and a significant chunk of the money went to the impersonators.
b'shiv sena has 63 legislators in the legislative assembly.
(file photo) shiv sena has 63 legislators in the legislative assembly.
(file photo)shiv sena has fielded vilas potnis, the sena divisional head from borivali, for the mumbai graduates legislative council constituency instead of incumbent sena leader and health minister deepak sawant.
the elections to the mumbai graduates and mumbai teachers legislative council constituencies will take place on june 25 and last date of filing nominations is june 7.
sawants term will end on july 7, 2018.
i am filing nominations on wednesday, said potnis.
lok bharati headed by legislator kapil patil has fielded jalindar sarode from the mumbai graduates constituency.
sources in the sena said that party leadership is not happy with the performance of sawant as minister.
it could be one of the reasons for not fielding him for council polls, said a sena leader.
another sena leader said 11 legislative council members will be elected by the mlas next month.
sena can easily field two candidates as one candidate requires 25 votes.
but then, the decision on whether to field sawant will be taken by the party leadership, said a sena leader.
the sena has 63 legislators in the legislative assembly.
meanwhile, sawant met chief minister devendrafadnavis late on monday evening in mumbai.
sources in the cmo said, sawant met the cm.
but he has formally not submitted his resignation as yet.
b'cm devendrafadnavis cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra legislature wednesday unanimously passed the prohibition of social boycott bill to end the menace of extra-judicial institutions like caste and community panchayats.
the bill, an initiative of chief minister devendrafadnavis , makes maharashtra a leader among the states in the country to adopt a comprehensive law to root out oppression carried out in the name of age old traditions, caste and religion.
fadnavis said, the act was required in the backdrop of prevailing atrocities inflicted on people in the name of tradition, caste and community which cannot be allowed in maharashtra.
social boycott will be dealt with an iron hand in my government.
the atrocities inflicted by a handful of people in the name of jaati panchayats or groups citing caste and community traditions will not be tolerated if it questions the dignity of a human being.
the act terms social boycott as a crime and says anybody indulging in it would face stern action.
while asserting that existing laws were not adequate to tackle social boycott, fadnavis said, the comprehensive new legislation defining terms of stringent punishment, including imprisonment and penalty against those indulging in social boycott, would help us to effectively tackle the menace.
citing the reasons why a separate law was needed in the state, he said, it came to our notice there were 42 cases of social boycott in the district of raigad alone, which was alarming.
the draft bill framed a year ago was approved by the cabinet on march 1, 2016.
the bill disallows social boycott of any individual or groups by caste panchayats or groups of individuals.
social boycott for reasons like inter-caste marriage, rituals of worship or any connection to lifestyle, dress or vocation will invite stringent punishment, according to the bill.
it prohibits social boycott and says that it shall be an offence, inviting imprisonment upto seven years and a fine of rs 5 lakh or both.
the victim or any member of the victims family can file a complaint either to police or directly to the magistrate.
to ensure time-bound results, it indicated speedy trial within six months of filing chargesheet.
to ensure monitoring, social boycott prohibition officers will be recruited to detect offences and assist the magistrate and police officers in tackling cases.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)in the run-up to the civic polls, the devendrafadnavis cabinet has announced a rs 316-crore dole for ailing cotton cooperatives.
fadnavis also extended a cover for thousands of families illegally residing in transit camps of the maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada) across mumbai.
signalling his governments intention of accommodating these encroachers in the governments housing-for-all scheme, fadnavis monday formed a cabinet sub-committee under maharashtras housing minister prakash mehta to finalise the regularisation policy.
watch what else is making news?
the big dolethe centre has taken up measures to rationalise various dole-based schemes in the textile sector, but the maharashtra government has extended a new loan waiver scheme for the 130 cotton cooperatives in the state.
according to the proposal, the government will bear the interest burden on loans availed by cotton cooperatives from the national cooperative development corporation (ncdc) or other lending institutions.
the waiver will be applicable for five years, and would be eligible for loans up to rs 3000 per spindle, informed top sources.
the move will put a burden of rs 52 crore a year or rs 260 crore in all on the state.
besides, the government has ta ken upon itself another rs 56 crore one-time burden by accepting a proposal for non-capitalisation of interest accrued by these mills.
the total dole rolled out thus works out to rs 316 crore.
sources confirmed that the states fiscal managers had advised the government against the move, cautioning that it amounted to incentivising inefficiency.
the political leadership overruled the objections.
justifying the sops, a senior minister said that cotton cooperatives were bleeding for the last couple of years.
the sales from these mills have not commensurated with the rising costs, he said.
it was also pointed out that the treasury bench had given an assurance in respect of the incentive during the winter session of the legislature.
over forty per cent of cotton cooperatives are in western maharashtra where bjp is looking at denting the congress and the nationalist congress party vote banks.
vidharbha accounts for about 28 mills, marathwada has 21, and north maharashtra 16.
houses for residentsabout 8,500 families residing illegally in mhadas transit camps are expected to benefit from the governments move to regularise their stay.
earlier last week, fadnavis had announced sops for redevelopment of registered housing societies in mhada colonies.
the latest move is being seen as the bjps move to reach out to another segment of voters in mhada areasthe encroachers.
sources said political interference blocked previous attempts of the administration to evict encroachers.
people who have bought the tenements from the original inhabiltants comprise a major chunk of encroachers.
since attempts for eviction failed, it was felt the best way was to formulate a regularisation policy for them.
the options of making such families pay construction cost for the tenements or collect a penalty against regularisation are being discussed.
b'mns chief raj thackeray.
(express photo by deepak joshi) mns chief raj thackeray.
(express photo by deepak joshi)would it be inappropriate to ask, have you no sense of decency, sir?
at long last, have you left no sense of decency?
this question was directed by joseph welch to senator joseph p. mccarthy in 1954, during the army-mccarthy hearings in washington.
i ask the same question to raj thackeray, president of the maharashtra navnirman sena (mns).
what we saw in karan johars video statement was a snivelling, begging creature, professing his patriotism and promising never to be naughty again by hiring pakistani actors.
no human being should be reduced to such indignity.
should we blame johar?
i cannot.
i blame the bullies who reduced him to this mess.
raj thackeray, in yet another exploitative move, announced mns would not allow johars film ae dil hai mushkil to be screened because pakistani actor fawad khan was acting in it.
is it fair to compare mccarthyism to mnsism?
mccarthyism is defined as: the practice of making unfair accusations of subversion or treason without proper regard for evidence.
what are the similarities between joseph mccarthy and raj thackeray?
one, both created an atmosphere of suspicion of being a traitor to their country around any person they choose.
two, both targeted actors, producers and writers, in the film industry.
three, anyone who held dissenting views was labelled a communist and a traitor by mccarthy.
anyone who dissents from thackerays views is labelled a traitor to his country.
four, two years after richard rovere wrote his book senator joe mccarthy (1959), he said that, like hitler, mccarthy was a screamer, a political thug, a master of the mob.
ring a bell?
mccarthy went after hollywood to weed out those he considered communists and unpatriotic.
initially, the people of america supported him and believed communists were trying to take over their country.
paranoia ruled the country.
many famous names were hounded.
hundreds of lives were destroyed.
the legendary journalist ed morrow investigated joseph mccarthy and attacked him in what would become an iconic programme  see it now.
that was the beginning of the end for mccarthy.
morrow said, we will not walk in fear, one of another.
we will not be driven by fear into an age of unreason, if we dig deep in our history and our doctrine, and remember that we are not descended from fearful men  not from men who feared to write, to speak, to associate and to defend causes that were, for the moment, unpopular.
how does mns take policy decisions on pakistan when it is a political party and not the government?
the government has not issued any statement banning the hiring of pakistani actors.
it is not surprising that actors shah rukh khan, aamir khan, amitabh bachchan have pointedly stayed away from any statements.
imran khan told reporters, i have many views but my concern is if i voice those views, i am going to have people come and try to burn my house.
i dont want people to threaten me or beat me up, i want to avoid these things.
i will keep my opinion to myself.
we walk in fear of one another.
question to consider: is it unpatriotic to hire pakistani actors?
is it unpatriotic to do business in pakistan?
numerous indian companies have dealings in pakistan and consider it a good market for their products.
raymond has a store in lahore where they do brisk business.
is the complete man then unpatriotic?
how do you gauge the level and temperature of patriotism in a person?
by insisting they shout bharat mata ki jai?
should we have a patriotic patrol force that checks levels of patriotism with a breath analyser?
who sets up the agenda of deciding whether you are patriotic enough?
it cant be raj thackeray.
it cant be anupam kher.
it cant be lawyers turned goons.
it cant be internet trolls.
we, as a nation, cannot be reduced to unreason at the mercy of bullies and thugs.
a deal was brokered in a meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis , mns and the film producers.
company t was most impressed with itself.
thackeray claimed victory and said he would allow the film to be screened if the producers gave rs 5 crore to the army welfare fund.
but the army brass was not impressed and has unofficially refused such a donation.
they sniffed that they only accept donations that are voluntary and not coerced or through extortion.
now will company t call the army unpatriotic?
the indian army, determinedly secular, is clearly in no mood for politicisation of their actions or to be used as a pawn in a political game.
in this consumer-oriented culture, patriotism has become just another product to be used for personal profit and political gains.
did we forget patriotism is a feeling?
it cannot be put in a box and marketed.
subverting it for personal gain is unpatriotic.
it is shocking how many people succumb to this marketed, fake concept of patriotism.
when we define patriotism, compassion for your country must lie in the kernel of your feelings.
does company t have compassion for his country?
mungantiwar says the photograph is a gift.
express mungantiwar says the photograph is a gift.
expressphotographs of rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) founder dr keshav baliram hedgewar and former chief madhav sadashiv golwalkar have been displayed outside the mantralaya office of finance minister sudhir mungantiwar.
the general administration department, led by chief minister devendrafadnavis , had issued a government resolution spelling out names of national leaders and icons whose photographs can be displayed in government offices.
the names of the two rss icons did not find mention in this list, sources said.
mungantiwar initially said he wasnt aware about the photographs displayed outside his office.
he later said someone had gifted me a three-dimensional frame displaying pictures of the two rss leaders.
he said his office staff might have installed the photographs outside the office.
bhagwan sahai, additional chief secretary, gad (operations management), was not available for comment.
chief secretary sumit mullick said: i will look into the matter.
in january this year, the education department had issued a circular ordering rural government offices and state-run schools to remove photographs of deities or religious figures and religious texts.
a government resolution, issued on january 23, had said the governments measure was in line with the constitution that insisted on the secular image of government machinery.
the circular was withdrawn after the shiv sena lodged a protest.
b'ambedkarites can never be naxals and naxals can never be ambedkarites said union minister ramdas athawale (express photo by janak rathod) ambedkarites can never be naxals and naxals can never be ambedkarites said union minister ramdas athawale (express photo by janak rathod)union minister ramdas athawale on friday condemned an alleged plan by maoists to target prime minister narendra modi, but said the elgar parishad and subsequent violence at bhima-koregaon near pune had no naxal connection.
followers of dalit icon b r ambedkar can never be naxals, athawale, a prominent dalit leader, said in a statement here.
several dalit activists were among the organisers of elgar parishad held in pune.
we condemn the anti-national elements hatching such a conspiracy, athawale said, referring to the pune polices claim that maoists were planning to carry out a rajiv gandhi-type incident.
former prime minister rajiv gandhi was assassinated in may 1991.
modi is following sab ka saath, sab ka vikas policy to build an india as contemplated in the constitution, and it was wrong to accuse him of working to strengthen a particular religion, athawale said.
the pune police on thursday claimed that a letter found in the house of a person arrested for alleged maoist links talks about the ultras mulling a rajiv gandhi-type incident and suggesting modi should be targeted during his road shows.
the letter was recovered from the house of rona wilson who was among five people arrested in connection with the elgar parishad held in pune last december and the subsequent bhima-koregaon violence, police said.
ambedkarites were attacked at bhima-koregaon.
no naxal was involved in the maharashtra bandh which was called to protest the attack.
nor was there any naxal in the elgar parishad, athawale said.
action should be taken against those arrested for alleged naxal links if there was evidence, he said.
ambedkarites can never be naxals and naxals can never be ambedkarites.
i will speak to chief minister devendrafadnavis if there are any genuine ambedkarites among those arrested, the minister said.
b'maharashtra government has submitted a proposal to extend a re 1 per kg grant to onion farmers in the state.
maharashtra government has submitted a proposal to extend a re 1 per kg grant to onion farmers in the state.
the centre saturday extended export duty benefits to save onion growers who are bearing the brunt of a sharp decline in prices.
the centre has offered onion exporters a 5 per cent grant under the foreign trade policys merchandise exports from india scheme (meis) to boost export.
the move will bring some relief to onion growers.
the announcement has, however, stirred political and bureaucratic circles in bjp-ruled maharashtra, which is also the countrys biggest onion producing state.
while the decision was taken by the nirmala sitharaman-led union ministry of commerce and industry, it was union road transport minister and maharashtra heavyweight nitin gadkari who announced the move.
on saturday, gadkari said, for relief to onion growers in the state, our union mos (bhamre), myself, and mps from nashik and ahmednagar belt had requested nirmala sitharamanji for extending some export benefits.
im happy that the 5  grant under meis has been made available.
this would enable farmers to export their produce till december, bringing them relief.
he further informed that the grant to exporters would be extended in the form of encashable coupons, which could also be put to use to import produce.
three weeks back, on august 10, gadkari had grabbed state leaders attention when he convened and chaired, at his official delhi residence, a meeting regarding steps to save onion farmers in maharashtra.
chief minister devendrafadnavis was not present at this meeting, but union ministers radhamohan singh (agriculture), ram vilas paswan (food), subhash bhamre (mos, defence), former agriculture minister and nationalist congress party chief sharad pawar, maharashtras ministers pandurang phundkar (agriculture), subhash deshmukh (cooperatives), sadabhau khot (mos, agriculture) and senior bureaucrats deliberated on measures in this regard.
pawar had also criticised the fadnavis-led government for mishandling the crisis.
during the meeting, gadkari had directed the state to formulate a proposal for permitting the national agricultural cooperative marketing federation of india (nafed) to procure excess onion produced in the state.
gadkaris initiative was seen by some close to the cm as an attempt to take credit for sorting out crucial state issues.
earlier, on august 6, when search operations were on to trace victims of the mahad bridge collapse, gadkari had announced that the government bore responsibility for the tragedy.
while the state public works department is responsible for maintenance of the bridge, it was gadkari who declared that a new bridge would be constructed within six months.
amid the ongoing farmer protests in maharashtra, sanjay raut said farmers do not need a selected loan waiver, but a complete one.
amid the ongoing farmer protests in maharashtra, sanjay raut said farmers do not need a selected loan waiver, but a complete one.
accusing ally bjp of trying to finish shiv sena, party mp sanjay raut said on saturday maharashtra will witness a political earthquake next month.
time and again, our ally is trying to finish us.
so the question now concerns our survival.
the shiv sena will start its political fight from july.
be ready for it, raut said, while addressing a gathering at nashik as part of partys shivsampark abhiyan.
there will be a political earthquake in the state next month, he added.
raut, however, said that farmers do not need a selected loan waiver, but a complete one.
he said sena minister diwakar raote will put forth the partys stand in the meeting of ministerial panel formed to discuss the farmers demands.
the meeting of the committee will be held at 1 pm on saturday in mumbai.
on friday, fadnavis had announced the formation of a six-member high powered committee to look into the various demands of farmers, including loan waiver.
the state government has formed a special investigation team (sit) to probe into around 50 cases registered across maharashtra, including 10 in pune, in which dummy candidates had appeared for exams of government jobs, now being probed by criminal investigation department (cid) as an organised racket.
the primary findings and subsequent probe in the case have revealed the involvement of a suspended government employee and some serving ones from nanded.
the indian express was the first to report about these cases and the suspected statewide racket in august last year.
a 26-year-old political science graduate from nanded and civil services aspirant yogesh jadhav, who is originally from nanded district, had unearthed the series of impersonation cases by filing several right to information (rti) applications.
jadhav had started digging into these when he had found that several youths from his native village, mandvi in nanded, had sold or mortgaged their ancestral land or houses to pay a middleman for their selection into government jobs for positions of peons, clerks or security officers.
many of them had even got selected.
jadhav later filed the rti applications, seeking hall tickets and application forms filed by many candidates.
he found that there were discrepancies in the individual sets of documents.
he then approached nanded district police and an fir was filed.
the key suspect in the case, pramod rathod, who used to be a class iii government employee, had amassed huge wealth and anti-corruption bureau is conducting an investigation against him.
in july last year, based on a tip-off from jadhav, pune police had caught eight dummy candidates who had appeared for police recruitment exams.
jadhav has now been kept in police protection after he received threats to his life.
jadhav and a nanded-based social activist, shobha waghmare, who has been helping jadhav in the process, recently met chief minster devendrafadnavis , who has ordered the formation of an sit.
a senior cid officer confirmed, the sit has been formulated and will be headed by additional sp from cid, vijay manohar kharat.
the cases of dummy candidates all over the state will be probed together.
the photos, handwriting of the candidates and video recordings of some of these processes will be probed.
speaking to the indian express, jadhav said, though the number of dummy candidates as per registered fir is close to 50, we have reasons to believe that there are over 1,000 such cases in the last two years.
now that the sit is formed, i have hopes from the police agencies.
meanwhile, the key suspect in the case, pramod rathod, is on the run.
while rejecting his application for an anticipatory bail, the aurangabad bench of the bombay high court passed strictures on the probe conducted till now.
justice tv nalawade said in his ruling, papers investigation do not show that proper probe is being done.
the intention appears to be otherwise.
due to this, the court holds that information with regard to these circumstance need to be supplied to the state government, home department so that appropriate action is taken by the state government in that regard.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/files) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/files)maharashtra has allocated rs 26,345.
29 crore for the states farm sector in this years budget.
work on all the major projects under agriculture and irrigation, which were launched in last three years, will continue along with new plans to channalise the farm produce for the benefit of farmers, the government said.
the state budget has accorded high priority to the agriculture and irrigation sector.
of the total rs 26,345.
29 crore, allocation for the agriculture sector is rs 18,112.
17 crore and irrigation (water resources) rs 8,233.
12 crore.
the flagship project jalyukta shivar, which has helped to make 11,454 drought-hit villages water-sufficient, got higher priority in the budget.
special provision of rs 1,500 crore has been made with a target to make 5,000 villages drought-free by the end of the year.
it has been adequately backed with farm ponds on demand, which has caught the imagination of farmers, specially in small and marginal districts of vidarbha and marathawada region.
through jalukata shivar a total of 4,25,000 water conservation works, in 11,454 villages, have helped create storage of 16.
82 one thousand million cubic feet, according to the the government.
besides, 880 lakh cubic meter of silt has been removed through public participation.
the land brought under irrigation is 21 lakh hectares.
under the prime ministers krishi sinchan yojna, rs 3,115.
12 crore has been earmarked to facilitate completion of 26 irrigation projects in maharashtra.
apart from these, another 50 projects, out of the total 225 ongoing, have been identified for completion within a year.
the aim is to bring 2.
26 lakh hectares of land under irrigation and create a water storage of 853 million cubic metres.
an allocation of rs 750 crore has been made to give electric connections to 93,322 agriculture pumps.
in the last three years, 3.
20 lakh agriculture pumps received electric connections, leading to expenditure of rs 3,014 crore.
under the vidarbha marathwada agriculture pump electricity connection special scheme, 1.
43 lakh agriculture pumps were given electricity connections, for which rs 1,392 crore was spent.
the government intends to bring 145 major market committed in the state on e-nam (e-national agriculture market), a centre-state initiative, to get rid of middle agents in the agriculture produce mortgage scheme (apmc) and ensure higher remuneration to the farmers for their yield.
the agriculture produce mortgage scheme through certified godowns in apmc is being promoted.
almost 1,600 market committees have availed this scheme and more than 1,06,000 quintals of farm produce have been kept under mortgage.
the farmers have been given loans at a nominal 6 per cent interest rate on the mortgaged farm produce.
as part of water management and intense cropping, an allocation of rs 432 crore have been made for drip irrigation scheme.
for farm ponds and wells in farmers fields, rs 160 crore has been allocated, aimed at creating 98,000 wells within year.
till now, it has completed 82,559 wells to provide sustained water and help small and marginal farmers in rural areas.
to encourage farmers to adopt organic farming, government has introduced new schemes, making a primary allocation of rs 100 crore.
under the chief ministers agriculture and food-processing scheme to provide better markets and price for farm produce it set aside rs 50 crore.
the government has said that under its scheme farmers get debt waiver up to rs 1.
50 lakh irrespective ofland-holding size.
it also provides incentive scheme of up to rs 25,000 for farmers, who have repaid loans promptly.
so far, banks have been permitted to grant loan waiver to 46.
34 lakh farm loan accounts, amounting to rs 23,102.
19 crore.
b'the government claimed toilets have been built in all the 25,000 drought-prone villages.
(file) the government claimed toilets have been built in all the 25,000 drought-prone villages.
(file)the state government on wednesday announced that rural maharashtra had become open defecation free (odf) with the construction of over 60 lakh toilets costing rs 4.
5 crore in a span of three-and-a-half years.
simultaneously, the government said it also worked to make villages water-reliant through more than two lakh water conservation projects, specially in the drought-hit districts.
the government claimed toilets have been built in all the 25,000 drought-prone villages.
of these, 17,447 villages have become water-reliant, it said.
according to a 2012 survey, only 45 per cent households in rural maharashtra had toilets.
the remaining households, spread across 40,500 villages, were without toilets.
under the swachh bharat abhiyan, the state government had set a target to gain odf status for rural maharashtra by 2018.
on the one hand, we were making scientific strides through space satellites and unraveling the mysteries of mars.
on the other hand, villagers were struggling for basics like access to toilets.
the state government set a definite timeline.
all resources and manpower required for the project was pooled to build over 60 lakh toilets within three-and-a-half years.
as per the 2012 survey, 50,25,369 (45 per cent) houses had access to toilets.
whereas, households without toilets in rural maharashtra were 60,41,138 (55 per cent).
the government claimed the state has now provided 100 per cent toilet access to every household.
besides, in the same period 2.
81 lakh community toilets have been built.
i would describe it as the first phase of work where we have ensured toilet access to every household, fadnavis said.
but the larger task is to change the mindset and create awareness on optimising the use of toilets in the rural belt.
there are apprehensions and genuine concerns, which often work as a hurdle and needs to be addressed, he added.
union minister for surface transport, shipping and water resources nitin gadkari said on tuesday that the bjps development agenda had left the opposition in a dilemma.
as a result, they are resorting to mindless caste and community driven politics, he said.
gadkari was speaking at a book-release function in mumbai.
the book titled man on mission maharashtra is on the work of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the book has been written by senior journalist ashish chandorkar.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)in a significant move to expedite hassle-free land possession to fast-track public projects, the state cabinet on tuesday approved the new rules which set a definite timeline for completion of the process.
the deadline to complete the whole process is 90 days.
a senior officer in the cabinet said, as per the new rules, after the executing agency zeros in on the land requirement, it would be informed to the concerned department whose land would be required.
the proposal should furnish the entire details related to land required and it would be mandatory for that department to facilitate its possession.
however, if any department refuses to hand over the land possession, it will also be mandatory on its part to provide the detailed documents.
it has indicated that land will have to be handed to the district collector within 30 days.
the collector will have to take the responsibility to complete the process of land transfer and award it to implementing agency within next 30 days.
the entire process of transferring land to the implementing agencies, with clear documents and title, should be over within 90 days to facilitate the actual project work to begin across sectors.
the new rules were necessary to take forward mega-projects such as monorail, metro rail, irrigation projects, drinking water projects, ports and roads which are caught in departmental conflicts causing a huge delay and raising apprehensions of cost overrun.
officials pointed out, it was noted that in 100 per cent mega projects the reason for huge delay is because of cumbersome land transfer process.
we have noted intra-department disputes often exposing lack of coordination in absence of concrete rules.
the new rules, he said, would help in streamlining the process and bringing in a high degree of discipline in decision making within the multiple government departments.
maintaining its belligerent stance on bjps success in the maharashtra civic elections, shiv sena today sought to make light of that partys performance in the elections, doubting if there was as much substance to it as is made out to be.
the balloon of bjps success is being inflated.
it is a matter of debate if there is as much air in the balloon as is made out to be, sena said.
watch what else is making newsit is true that bjps (poll) percentage has increased.
however, it is also a fact that the party has suffered setbacks, an editorial in sena mouthpiece saamana said.
there is always hide n seek in politics and power play.
as a result, the increased percentage is always displayed and the setbacks hidden, the sena said.
it should be accepted that bjp could reach these many numbers (seats) because it has the power in the state and centre, sena, which won two seats more than bjp and has since claimed support of some independents for next months mayoral poll, said.
the tally of shiv sena, which emerged as the single largest party after the counting on thursday, has risen to 87 corporators with three party rebels who won as independent nominees returning to its fold yesterday.
bjp, which notched up 82 seats in the mumbai civic polls after fighting separately under the leadership of chief minister devendrafadnavis , is yet to make its stance clear on the mayoral poll.
a meeting of the partys core committee was held at fadnavis official residence last night, but no annoucement was made later.
in the bitterly fought bmc elections, shiv sena had won 84 seats (now 87), bjp secured 82, congress was relegated to the third position with 31 seats, and the ncp and raj thackeray-led mns finished with nine and seven seats respectively.
aimim got two seats, samajwadi party 6, akhil bhartiya sena 1 and independents 5.
congress president rahul gandhi made the most of an unscheduled overnight stay in a sangamner guest house on friday evening.
he captured the imagination of the local residents by buying clothes for his sleepover from a local shop and eating the traditional pithla and jowar bhakri for dinner and thalipeeth for breakfast.
he also tweeted a picture with senior congress leader vijay (balasaheb) thorat, making the right political noises in a bid to better the congresss prospects in shirdi, where infighting and rebellion have hit the partys election campaign.
new addressadvertisingnearly three years after he was sworn in, labour and skill development minister sambhaji patil nilangekar has finally been allotted an official bungalow in mumbai.
the chief minister-led general administration department has assigned the chitrakoot at malabar hill to nilangekar.
former home minister, the late r r patil, had occupied this spacious bungalow during the previous government.
while nilangekar had been allotted a couple of apartments in the state-owned suruchi society, which is located opposite the state secretariat, he has now been asked to vacate that, and move to the new accommodation.
staying putleader of opposition radhakrishna vikhe-patil might have stepped down from his post, but he may not give up congresss primary membership yet.
while vikhe-patil is almost certain to follow his sons footsteps and join the bjp, sources say chief minister devendrafadnavis wants vikhe-patil to wait till the election results are out.
sources said the likelihood of the ncp staking a claim for the lops post is behind this wait-and-watch approach.
two other congress mlas, nitesh rane and kalidas kolambkar, who are also in touch with the bjp, have been advised similarly.
another mla, abdul sattar, too, has revolted against the congress.
chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday chaired a marathon meeting of senior ministers, mlas and mps from the state to discuss the maratha rallies, those that have already taken place and those being planned in the coming days.
chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday chaired a marathon meeting of senior ministers, mlas and mps from the state to discuss the maratha rallies, those that have already taken place and those being planned in the coming days.
the government is planning a multi-pronged socio-economic strategy to tackle the unrest among the maratha community across maharashtra.
chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday chaired a marathon meeting of senior ministers, mlas and mps from the state to discuss the maratha rallies, those that have already taken place and those being planned in the coming days.
while associating himself with the cause of the maratha community, fadnavis said, the rallies mirror the unrest in the community over their long-pending demands for the past six decades.
my government is sensitive to their concerns and would certainly provide solutions to their problems.
the consolidation of marathas through the rallies is emerging as a big challenge to the ruling bjp government in maharashtra.
while expressing gratitude to the rally organisers for the silent and non-violent demonstrations, fadnavis said, my government is guided and governed by the blessings of the great maratha warrior king chhatrapati shivaji maharaj.
and my government is committed in letter and spirit by the guidelines of the constitution of dr babasaheb ambedkar.
elaborate discussions at the closed-door meeting saw the leaders drawing up strategy to initiate dialogue at various levels with the maratha community.
while acknowledging that the entire issue should be perceived in the context of the challenges in the field of education and employment to the generation next marathas, the government plans to cater to the economically backward within the community.
reiterating its commitment to the issue of reservation for marathas, which is entangled in court, the government believes it should provide alternatives to the needy and poor within the community.
agriculture and industrial reforms backed by skill development programme, it believes, can help the poor and generation next marathas.
at least half-a-dozen rallies in aurangabad, parbhani, jalna, beed et al have passed without incident.
the maratha kranti morcha is planning many more rallies in the next two months.
the marathas demand for a review of the atrocities act has become a ticklish issue inviting sharp reaction from the dalits and other backward castes, who perceive it as a plot to undermine their security rights enshrined in the constitution.
several leaders from nanded, solapur and nashik have expressed concerns over polarisation between marathas and dalits/obcs.
taking a pro-active role, dalit leaders from bharip bahujan mahasanghs prakash ambedkar to union minister and rpi leader ramdas athavale have appealed to dalits against taking to the streets to counter marathas.
at various forums, prominent leaders are appealing to the maratha community and dalits to guard against vested interests.
advertisingat the moment, there is a government order that schools should teach marathi language as a subject up to class 8, and as an optional subject in classes 9 and 10.
fadnavis said the order was not being implemented by central board schools.
as per my information, marathi language teaching is compulsory.
but, it has come to my notice that some schools, specially cbse and icse, are not following it.
so, we will certainly amend the law that will have stricter provisions.
learning marathi will remain compulsory for everyone in the state.
for that, the schools of all the boards will have to teach it.
we will make all necessary changes in the law, said fadnavis in the legislative council.
he was responding to the issue raised through point of propriety by shiv sena legislator neelam gorhe in the legislative council.
gorhe claimed that in the southern states, teaching the state language was compulsory for all boards.
similar rules should be made in state for marathi for the all boards, gorhe said.
advertisingshe further said that laxmikant deshmukh, former chairman of the marathi sahitya sammelan, is going to hold a protest on monday on the issue.
i will personally meet the delegation along with marathi language minister vinod tawde.
all their appropriate demands will be fulfilled in a time-bound manner, said fadnavis.
officials from the school education department said that all the schools of central boards are required to teach marathi language as a subject up to class 8.
for class 9 and 10, marathi language is an optional subject, said an official.
another official said that the government has issued a circular asking schools to teach marathi as a subject.
it is just a circular but there is no law making the marathi language as a mandatory subject.
it could be one of the reasons for the schools of central boards not following it, said the official.
chief minister devendrafadnavis thanked dr judin bin abdul karim, president, cidb holdings, for partnering with the state government to boost its road infrastructure.
(source: file) chief minister devendrafadnavis thanked dr judin bin abdul karim, president, cidb holdings, for partnering with the state government to boost its road infrastructure.
(source: file)the state government saturday signed an mou with cidb holdings, malaysia, for investments worth rs 10,000 crore in highway and road projects.
a sizeable chunk of the investments will be in the ambitious nagpur-mumbai supercommunication expressway.
the 712-km highway between nagpur and mumbai worth rs 30,000 crore has been renamed the nagpur-mumbai samruddhi corridor.
chief minister devendrafadnavis thanked dr judin bin abdul karim, president, cidb holdings, for partnering with the state government to boost its road infrastructure.
the nagpur-mumbai samruddhi corridor will go a long way in transforming the socio-economics of 22 districts,especially the drought-hit regions.
its a pathbreaking project that will bridge distances and usher in economic prosperity in rural maharashtra, said fadnavis.
exuding confidence the project would be completed by 2019, he said, if we look at developed nations, it shows they have good roads.
communication is the way forward to take development to the doorsteps.
the nagpur-mumbai samruddhi corridor is being modeled on land-pooling to ensure greater participation and dividends to farmers/individuals whose land would be acquired for the project.
along the highway, 24 townships will be developed complete with basic amenities and related infrastructure.
the government has sanctioned rs 500 crore for each of these nodes, which works to rs 12,000 crore.
the msrdc will be the executing agency for these nodes.
once completed, the nagpur-mumbai distance would be covered in eight hours instead of 16, benefiting mega-industrial cities like aurangabad, amravati and bhiwandi, and making access to ports easier.
amravati is evolving as a textile centre of the country, whereas aurangabad is being promoted as the new manufacturing hub.
the government feels the nagpur-mumbai samruddhi corridor will help its goal of developing cities/towns beyond the mumbai-pune-nashik triangle.
for the project, 20,000 hectares of land will be acquired, of which only 8 per cent will be irrigated land.
therefore, the government doesnt expect any major opposition as over 90 per cent of the land that will acquired will be non-irrigated or barren plots.
fadnavis has been engaged in talks with all political parties and organisations to facilitate smooth landacquisition, which would be through land-pooling.
land-pooling, increasingly being adopted by the centre and otherstates, allows greater participation of farmers voluntarily and not through coercion.
under this form of land acquisition, farmers or land-holders sign ownership rights with a government authority or any single agency appointed for the project.
the authority takes up the responsibility to develop the land complete with infrastructure such as water, electricity etc.
the developed land is then returned to farmers commensurate with that acquired, thus helping him fetch sustained returns.
b'ravindra waikar at construction site.
(file) ravindra waikar at construction site.
(file)shiv sena leader and minister of state for housing, ravindra waikar, who is facing allegations of illegal constructions and land grab, on wednesday said permission for construction are given by the urban development department being helmed by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
waikar is facing charges of usurping a government land in aarey milk colony and making illegal constructions in a state-run gymnasium there.
congress leader sanjay nirupam has also accused him of misusing his position to clear a slum redevelopment project for a firm he himself was allegedly a partner in.
the urban development department that grants permission for constructions is headed by the chief minister.
therefore, if he wishes, he can conduct an inquiry into the case, waikar told reporters at mantralaya on wednesday.
watch video: whats making newscommenting on the objections raised over alleged additional illegal floor constructed on the gymnasium at aarey colony, he said the maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada) can rectify the anomalies.
he claimed that he was being targeted because he was a close confidant of matoshri (shiv sena chief uddhav thackerays residence) and was hardworking.
my concern is that because of me, the partys image should not get damaged.
i will consider filing a case against mumbai regional congress committee (mrcc) president sanjay nirupam for levelling baseless allegations against me, he said.
the minister refuted the charge that he had taken over 20 acre aarey milk colony land for the construction of the gymnasium.
during my first term as an mla in 2009, the regular walkers in the aarey colony had been demanding a gymnasium and a club.
the gym has had all the necessary approvals of the mumbai suburban district collector and was done using my mla fund, he said.
he said that after the construction of the gymnasium in 2013, the aarey milk colony authorities stayed any further construction.
commenting on the allegations that the gymnasium has 40 rooms, waikar demanded that nirupam should show or else step down as mrcc president.
nirupam had recently filed a complaint against waikar with lokayukta in this connection.
referring to the allegations of his family members being included in the trust set up to manage the gymnasium, he said that the shivaee trust was set up in 1994 to manage various activities like maintenance of the gardens, security of the gardens and tourist facilities inside aarey lake, and other facilities that he developed in his jogeshwari east assembly constituency.
nirupam had also alleged that the minister misused his position to secure a slum redevelopment project contract for a firm in which he is a partner.
responding to the allegations of his involvement in the construction activity by aishwarya constructions around jogeshwari caves (a protected monument), he said, i had resigned from the company in 2011 itself.
on the construction activity near the protectedjogeshwari caves, he said that the court order prevents construction activity within 100 meters of the periphery of the site.
according to him, there are many settlements there which have been in existence from 1950.
where would these slum dwellers go now (if the redevelopment project is not done)?
, he asked.
when asked about the mention of the dues accruing from the former company in his 2014 assembly election affidavit, waikar said that since the dues from the company were to be received by him, he had to show the same in his election affidavit.
facing criticism over the large number of hoardings erected across pune for his mahajanadesh yatra, chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday said he was completely against the way local leaders had put up the flex boards and banners.
advertisingit was completely wrong to put up such hoardings and flexes across the city.
i have conveyed my displeasure to local party leaders and directed them not to repeat it again, fadanavis said, addressing the media.
the citys roads were defaced as local bjp leaders and ticket aspirants for the upcoming maharashtra assembly polls put up huge hoardings and flex boards welcoming the cm across pune.
to be clear, no one is going to get party tickets on the basis of hoardings they put up to show their presence, fadanavis said.
advertisingon saturday, local civic activists and ncp members had protested against the alleged trimming of trees on sinhagad road to make way for the cms yatra.
on this, fadnavis said no tree was cut for his roadshow.
if i find anyone has cut trees, i will initiate action against them, he said.
the chief minister said the bjp, after coming to power, had initiated projects worth rs 45,000 crore in pune to improve its infrastructure and solve peoples issues.
it is not that all the problems of citizens have been resolved, but there is a confidence among the public that the bjp is the party able to work towards easing their issues, fadanavis said.
the chief minister claimed that maharashtra has been able to attract the maximum investment in the industrial sector and has generated maximum employment in the country in the past five years.
the bjp-led government has been pushing for development of all municipal corporations in the state, irrespective of the political party in power there.
the state government does not interfere in the working of local civic bodies but provides all possible help to resolve their issues.
all cities belong to the state, fadanavis said.
acting tough on party rebels who have thrown their hat in the nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) election, the bjp thursday suspended 46 partymen for six years.
seeking a third consecutive rule in the civic body of the states second capital, which is also prestigious for the party owing to its status of being the hometown of chief minister devendrafadnavis and union surface transport and shipping minister nitin gadkari, the party didnt spare even some of them who used to be hard core rss cadre like shripad risaldar, who filed nomination against party veteran and leader in nmc dayashankar tiwari.
rss cadres who had joined the party were peeved at not getting tickets.
watch what else is making newsrisaldar openly voiced his discontent over injustice meted out to those from the rss cadres.
while many other rss cadres have backtracked following intensive pressuring and cajoling by the party, some of them like bajrang dal leader shrikant aglawe had resorted to sloganeering at gadkari wada.
aglawe eventually didnt enter the fray and has been spared from the suspension list.
among some others who were from the rss and who had raised a banner of revolt included vishakha joshi, who has filed nominations from the shiv sena.
she has also been suspended.
former bjp corporator baba mainds wife vishakha maind, who is sitting bjp corporator, has also been suspended for filing her papers.
some of the rss cadres like subodh acharya, who refrained from revolting, had accused the party of making selections on the basis of caste to ignore people like him.
city bjp president and south nagpur mla sudhakar kohle justified the suspensions saying those from the rss cadre had only joined the bjp recently.
those going against the partys interest were in for action against them.
the party had made its choices based on seniority and winning potential and not on any other background.
those who claimed to be from rss had only recently joined the party.
also, the accusation that outsiders were given tickets is not true since only two such selections were made in the list of 150 candidates  pragati patil and yashashree nandankar, kohle told the indian express.
incidentally, pragati is wife of ajay patil, who joined the bjp a few days ago after quitting as city ncp chief.
asked why the scale of rebellion was so big, kohle said, the party is growing and everybody feels that he/she will have prospect of winning due to the partys growing influence.
meanwhile, the bjps main rival, congress, too, is also dogged by rebellion at the top, as against bjps ground level rebels.
the party is divided vertically with former mp vilas muttemwar and former mayor vikas thakre who is facing stiff opposition from former mlas and ministers satish chaturvedi and nitin raut over the partys selection of candidates allegedly done mainly by thakre on the advice of muttemwar.
sources said, the discontent might soon lead to a full-scale poster war in the two groups.
in the current 145-member house, the bjp has 62 and congress 42 members.
the bjp is ruling on account of over 100-member front comprising some other groups and independents.
marge simpson, the blue-haired matriarch in the animated television series simpsons, calls the monorail as the only folly the people of the fictional town of springfield ever made.
advertisingmumbai is no springfield, but the 19.
54-km long sant gadge maharaj chowk-wadala-chembur monorail, whose monthly ridership has halved from 5.
55 lakh in march to 2.
13 lakh in july, stands as a testament of the follies that the citys urban planners have made in designing mumbais transportation systems.
mumbai, in the next decade, will spend close to rs 2.
4 lakh crore in constructing metro lines, sea bridges and coastal roads.
many believe that these transportation projects are independently undertaken by agencies without any understanding and vision.
the absence of any public consultation while planning these projects means they end up not serving the people for whom there are designed for.
while the citys suburban train system serves 78 lakh people every day, best caters to 25 lakh and the metro 4 lakh daily.
in contrast, the monorail, which took a decade to come up at a cost of rs 2,700 crore, serves only 7,000 travellers daily as of july.
advertisingat the wadala depot station, which has more securitymen to guard the monorail than passengers, commuters like 21-year-old nitesh shelke are paying a price for this folly.
i have heard that they have spent thousands of crores to build this service.
but how can it be an efficient transport system if people have to wait 20 or 30 minutes to get a ride, shelke, a student, said.
read | procurement of spare parts from foreign vendors takes time affecting services: d l n murthythe citys burgeoning population and crumbling transportation network definitely cries out for new and efficient modes of transportation.
in mumbai, where traffic is perennially affected due to infrastructure construction, the monorail was envisaged as a lightweight transport system.
planners believed that its manoeuvrability and nimbleness to navigate tight turns and narrow corridors would make it ideal for the urban congested corridors.
it is not a bad transportation system.
however, there are serious questions on whether it suits mumbai, said ashok datar, chairman of mumbai environmental social network.
mumbais erstwhile city planners failed to take into consideration the fact that the monorail was increasingly being looked down upon as a transportation technology.
there are around 70-plus monorail systems across the world.
only a handful like that in china, japan and malaysia are used as meaningful transportation systems.
the rest are found at amusement parks, airports or convention centres to ferry vistors.
the global monorail market, as per research reports, is expected to grow at a rate of 2 per cent and no big country, barring brazil and egypt, is now planning a largescale monorail system.
tryst with metrothe plan to construct a monorail line across the city was first mooted in 2005 with the appointment of a committee of bureaucrats and experts to identify possible routes.
the idea was to create an alternate transport system, which would weave through some of the most dense and congested parts of mumbai.
the committee identified sant gadge maharaj chowk-chembur-wadala road corridor as the route on which the first monorail line should be built.
the plan, which had then looked sound, envisaged connecting the mill belt of byculla-parel that house many corporate offices to then sparsely-populated pockets of wadala-chembur belt.
there were allegations that the project was being pushed largely for the benefit of big-pocketed builders with stakes in the wadala-chembur stretch, as having a green field transport system abutting their buildings would add a premium to real estate projects in the vicinity.
the wadala-chembur belt today is one of the costliest real estate destinations in mumbai.
in one of the fastest turnaround time for an infrastructure project in mumbai, the tender for sant gadge maharaj chowk-chembur-wadala road corridor was floated in november 2007.
in less than a year, the state cabinet approved the awarding of the tender to a consortium of l&t and scomi group.
the project, which was initially expected to cost rs 1,440 crore, was finally awarded at a cost of rs 2,450 crore and was to be completed in 29 months.
so smitten were the states bureaucrats with the project that several trips were undertaken to malaysia to inspect the monorail service there.
the monorail was deemed to be the panacea for mumbais travel woes.
the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) subsequently appointed a foreign consultant, lea associates, to come up with a master plan for building other monorail corridors in the city.
the consultancy submitted a master plan and the state allowed the approval for building an eight-line monorail system at a cost of rs 20,296 crore.
it was to be completed by 2021.
the dream unravelledwork on the project began in november 2008 and was expected to be completed in 29 months.
the wadala-chembur stretch was expected to be completed by december 2010 while the sant gadge maharaj chowk-chembur route was to be finalised by may 2011.
once functional, it was expected that 1.
25 lakh people would use the services daily.
mmrda officials had claimed that the monorail would help reduce nearly 28,000 taxi and rickshaw trips and help in taking off the nearly 25,000 cars that traveled on this stretch.
however, once work commenced, the officials realised that the project had been poorly planned.
the contractors were forced to undertake changes and alter the route after they realised that the monorail could not pass through congested and narrow lanes, especially near parel tank road.
the state home department also put a spanner in the works after it came to notice that the monorail would pass close to the arthur road jail, which was then housing high-value prisoners, including the likes of ajmal kasab.
officials had felt that the running monorail and its guideway could provide access to people to look inside the jail and could be used by persons with nefarious intentions.
the permission to build on the stretch was given after the mmrda promised to install view cutters to keep peeping toms away from getting a view of inside the jail.
mmrda was also asked to construct two watchtowers near the jail.
further, the contractors also faced massive difficulties in building the monorail over the lalbaug flyover, located on mumbais arterial road.
the work on the congested currey road stretch was also extremely time consuming.
with the project getting stalled, it was the change of guard at the mmrda that led to the scrapping of the monorail plans for mumbai.
rahul asthana, who took over as mmrda commissioner in 2011, decided to review the entire project.
when we did a cost benefit analysis for a monorail, we realised that its carrying capacity was nearly a third of the metro.
moreover, the cash contract model that we had used for the project was not sustainable, as we had to shell out upfront money to contractors.
this money could have been used judiciously for more important projects, a former mmrda official said.
with the existing project yet to reach completion, the mmrda decided to pull the plug on all the proposed monorail lines in the city.
what went wrongafter five-and-a-half years in the making, the monorail commenced operations on a 8.
8-km stretch between wadala and chembur.
of the total 15 trains that scomi had promised, only 10 were deployed on the stretch.
because of the awkward alignment of the stretch, which snaked through largely vacant parts of mumbai, the ridership was only 15,000 to 20,000 per day  much lesser than the anticipated 1.
25 lakh.
many of these riders were not daily commuters but people who wanted to experience a ride on mumbais latest toy train.
the decision to scrap future monorail lines seemed to have been a major setback for malaysia-based scomis expansion plans in india.
a global downturn in the companys fortunes, coupled with its conflict with the mmrda for financial matters, including cost escalations, saw a severe deterioration in monorail services that were frequently disrupted due to power outages and technical glitches.
in november 2017, two coaches of the monorail were completely gutted.
services subsequently resumed in september 2018.
even as the two sides were embroiled in an arbitration with the contractors claiming about rs 1,000 crore in cost escalation above the project cost of rs 2,700 crore, a frustrated mmrda in december 2018 decided to take over the maintenance and operations of the system.
in march 2019, it started operations on the complete 19.
54-km sant gadge maharaj chowk-chembur-wadala road stretch.
he claimed that the ridership would increase from 4.
5 lakh to 30 lakh annually.
however, the system leaves a lot to be desired.
there are only four trains that operate on the system.
the official frequency of trains is said to be one every 22 minutes.
in reality, however, a passenger may have to wait for up to 45 minutes.
advertisingwhy should people wait for 30 minutes to get a ride in a city like mumbai where every minute is precious?
people who are in a rush, cannot rely on the monorail.
it is only meant for people who want to travel at leisure.
that is a luxury that not many people in mumbai have, said pramod sawant, an hr professional who works in parel.
82 year old samal narasubai cast her vote at a center in kamathipura for bmc election.
(express photo by nirmal harindran) 82 year old samal narasubai cast her vote at a center in kamathipura for bmc election.
(express photo by nirmal harindran)three days after the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) polls threw up a fractured result, the political impasse continued sunday with neither shiv sena nor bjp taking any overt step to cobble up a ruling combine.
there was speculation that sena may seek congress support but the latter saturday said there was no question of supporting the uddhav thackeray-led party.
watch what else is in the newsrss ideologue m g vaidya today suggested that bjp and shiv sena, who are still the ruling allies in the state government, should share the mayors post for two-and-a-half years each.
sena, being the single largest party in the bmc, should get the mayors post first, vaidya added.
ncp chief sharad pawar, meanwhile, said his party will join hands with congress in all the municipal corporations and zilla parishads where elections were held this month.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has already ruled out the bjp seeking congress help in the bmc.
congress sources had said there was strong thinking in the partys state unit that it should consider the helping shiv sena out, as a tactical move to widen the rift between the sena and the bjp.
however, senior congress leader sanjay nirupam had ruled out such a move yesterday.
nirupam, however, did claim that sena leaders had been in touch with congress.
sena won 84 seats in the february-21 election to the 227-member bmc, the countrys richest civic body.
bjp was close behind, winning 82 seats, while congress was a distant third with 31 seats.
since 114 seats are required for reaching the simple majority mark, all eyes were on congress.
however, the party sources said it was wary of siding with communal forces, especially when it had made secularism its main plank in the uttar pradesh elections.
sena yesterday claimed that some independent corporators were with it and have taken its tally to 89.
chief minister devendra fadnavis.
chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the state government will make a strong push to promote awareness on cadaver donation through a walkathon on august 30, to be held in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis and governor ch vidyasagar rao.
the walk is set to start at 7 am from murli deora chawk at nariman point.
about 20 families of deceased patients who had donated their organs will also be felicitated.
the awareness drive will also include the health minister, several transplant hospitals and doctors attached with organ-transplantation procedures.
according to zonal transplant coordination centre, the state plans aggressive awareness campaigns on organ donation.
currently, maharashtra comes next to tamil nadu and kerala in the count of maximum number of organ transplants in india.
ncp corporator najib mulla campaigns in his constituency in thanes rabodi.
(express photo by deepak joshi) ncp corporator najib mulla campaigns in his constituency in thanes rabodi.
(express photo by deepak joshi)it was just a year ago that the spotlight was on an organised syndicate of corporators and officials who would stall real estate projects in mumbais largest and fastest-growing satellite town, thane, to allegedly extort money from builders.
chief minister devendrafadnavis had then ordered a crackdown on the cartel  locally known as the golden gang  after four sitting corporators were jailed following the suicide of a top realtor, suraj parmar.
the realtor had left behind a note that alleged harassment by these politicians and officials.
ive asked them not to show any mercy, regardless of which political party such people belong to, fadnavis had said then.
watch what else is in the newsyet with elections to the local municipal corporation now underway, the issue has been given short-shrift in the campaigns of most political parties, including the bjp led by fadnavis.
not just that.
the four jailed corporators  najib mulla, hanumant jagdale (both nationalist congress party), vikrant chavan (congress) and sudhakar chavan (independent)  who are out on bail  are back in the election fray and are even seen as strong contenders in their respective seats.
the bjp itself has inducted former congress strongman, narayan pawar, who faces an fir for allegedly demanding payoffs from another builder, shree yogeshwar developers.
while the congress cited the case against him for declining the ticket, the bjp backed him.
in fact, top bjp sources confirmed that there was an attempt to even induct sudhakar chavan in the party, which was stalled only after fadnavis and local bjp mla sanjay kelkar stepped in.
thane is a real estate hotspot, where the industry has invested about rs 6,000 crore in ongoing projects.
so far as corruption and harassment is concerned, nothing much has changed in the past year or so.
it is rampant, said r g pataskar, partner, shree yogeshwar developers.
parmars family too has given up hope.
politicians are only interested in lip service.
we have given up on them, said brother uday.
the probe into my brothers death has slowed down.
we also havent seen much change on the ground, he said.
a builder, who requested that he not be named, claimed that a part of the problem was that the golden gang members were part of all political parties.
but he also blamed the construction industry itself and the public in general.
there was outrage on the streets after parmars death.
but we have failed to keep up the pressure, he said.
local bjp mla sanjay kelkar, who had earlier written to fadnavis demanding action against the golden gang, conceded that there was a need to do much more and faster.
it is necessary to rein in such anti-people activities for promoting more transparency, kelkar said, while conceding that proceedings in the parmar death probe had slowed down.
defending his partys decision to induct pawar, kelkar, meanwhile, said, accusations against him are mere allegations at this stage.
the fir has not been acted upon.
but town planners with the thane municipality claim simplification and streamlining of building approvals was taken up in a big way, which has curbed the menace to a certain extent.
in their local election rallies, star campaigners including fadnavis, sharad pawar and uddhav thackeray have all promised a corruption-free city but skirted mention of the organised syndicate.
on the other side, mulla claims he and the other accused corporators were victims of vendetta.
they (investigators) have failed to prove we had done any wrong.
we had raised valid issues against illegalities in parmars projects on the floor of the house.
a person intending to blackmail someone would not have brought his allegations on the record.
also, i wish to ask why there has been no action against officials in the cases.
parmars note even mentions them, he said.
some people did try to make it an election issue against me, but it didnt work.
people here know my work, he said.
ncp mla jitendra avhad, a former maharashtra minister, said, i dont believe in the accusations that were raised (parmar case).
he (parmar) took the unfortunate step as he had run into huge debts, he alleged.
but in an election season where personal allegations and graft accusations have gained currency, each party is hitting out at each other.
the shiv sena  considered to be in the drivers seat  has been attacking ally bjp for inducting local goons in its fold.
the bjp has been raising allegations that the ss has been encouraging commission business and scams in the thane municipality.
ironically, ncps avhad has also been labelling the ss as a party of goons.
the ss has also come under opponents fire for promoting dynastic rule.
both the bjp and the ncp, locked in a battle to clinch the no.
2 position, are banking on gobbling enough numbers to stop the ss from attaining a simple majority.
ironically, the ss has never achieved the halfway mark in the last 25 years.
defections have, meanwhile, hit congress poll plans.
thane now faces the big city syndromethanes population has grown by over 25 per cent in the last five years.
while this has made the satellite town a real estate hotspot, the required infrastructural upgrades in water supply, transportation, solid waste management facilities, sewerage disposal, roads, etc.
, have failed to keep pace, impacting the overall quality of life index.
the decision would further strengthen the democracy, said chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday.
express the decision would further strengthen the democracy, said chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday.
expressleading from the front, chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday immediately brought into practice the union cabinet decision of not using red beacon on the official vehicle during his visit to city.
i have got the red beacon removed from the official vehicle instead of waiting for its implementation from may 1.
the attitude of a person changes when he moves around in a vehicle with red beaconthe union governments decision is a welcome step to end the vip culture, he said at a felicitation function in the city.
in a statement, the district information office informed that the chief minister decided to implement the union governments decision with immediate effect during his visit to the city instead of waiting till may 1.
fadnavis said the state government welcomed the decision taken by prime minister narendra modi to bring an end to the vip culture.
the decision would further strengthen the democracy, he said, after he directed the government staff to remove the red beacon from the official vehicle of the cm.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)the maharashtra assembly passed unanimously the state goods and services tax (gst) bill on monday, the last day of a special session of the state legislature.
after the passage of the bill in the lower house, chief minister devendrafadnavis thanked everyone for their cooperation.
all political parties had unanimity over the gst bill.
today, this supreme house has unanimously passed this bill.
i thank the house for this, fadnavis said.
the three-day special session to discuss and ratify the bill, to pave the way for the national roll-out of gst on july 1, began on saturday.
during the session, the assembly passed three bills, including the state goods and services tax bill, related to the compensation to local authorities and a bill on the existing laws to be repealed when the gst is expected to come into effect from july 1.
maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar said in the assembly that the government would ensure gst did not hamper financial autonomy of local self government bodies.
the government has accepted the responsibility of compensation to local bodies for five years for the loss of revenue due to abolition of octroi and local body tax due to gst, he said.
mungantiwar also took potshots at former finance minister jayant patil of the nationalist congress party (ncp) over the latters speech in the house yesterday targeting the state government.
it seems patil is in a hurry to come back to power, mungantiwar said.
patil was a minister during 1999-2014 when the congress-ncp combine held power in maharashtra.
a raging controversy over the transfer of 12 officers of the mumbai police has exposed a rift between two top cops of the maharashtra police, mumbai police commissioner sanjay barve and the state anti terrorism squad head deven bharti.
advertisingthe controversy began when 12 mumbai police officers applied to maharashtra dgp subodh jaiswal for transfer to the bharti-headed ats without keeping their unit commander  mumbai police commissioner barve  in the loop.
a miffed barve shot off two showcause notices to the officers, well-regarded for their detection skills, seeking an explanation for bypassing him.
but even as he had sent the first set of notices, the dgp posted 11 of the 12 to the ats.
the 12 officers are seen as close to bharti and have followed him to several of his other postings including the crime branch.
it has been a long established practice by ips officers in mumbai police to take along with them a group of subordinate officers loyal to them to their next postings.
advertisingbharti, a 1994-batch officer, has never been posted outside mumbai police after 2005 except when he became ig law & order (maharashtra police), a mumbai-based posting.
after the lok sabha elections were announced in march, the election commission ordered that bharti, who is seen to be close to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , was moved out of his post as joint cp, law & order (mumbai) and posted as joint commissioner, economic offences wing (mumbai).
despite being snubbed by dgp jaiswal, barve has decided to make a stand for procedure over practice and sent a second round of showcause notices to the officers informing them that their response to the first one was not satisfactory, and threatening to stop their increment for a year as they had failed to follow due procedure.
the 12 officers have to submit their response in 10 days time, said a source.
all three principal dramatis personae have stayed mum as the controversy swirls.
while the commissioner refused to speak on the issue.
bharti and jaiswal did not respond to queries.
a senior mumbai police officer said had the 12 applied per procedure to the commissioner, he very likely would have allowed the transfer.
a former dgp said normally whenever he received letters from junior officers seeking a posting to ats he would check with the ats chief if the candidates were suitable and also inform the commanding officer, in this case the commissionerthe 12 police officers, in ranks ranging from senior inspector to assistant police inspector, are now apprehensive that their careers will suffer in the tussle between the ips officers.
we have worked so hard for the force and we have received several rewards for good work but because of some internal politics between our superiors, our acr (annual confidential report) is going to be affected, said one officer.
the 12 officers are still working with mumbai police.
sources in the department said even though mumbai commissioner may issue their relieving orders sooner or later, the officers fear some punitive action awaits them before they move to ats.
situated in the heart of mumbai, the race course is spread over 8.
55 lakh-sqm open space.
express file situated in the heart of mumbai, the race course is spread over 8.
55 lakh-sqm open space.
express filethrowing a spanner in shiv sena president uddhav thackerays plans to build a theme park on the mahalaxmi race course land in mumbai, chief minister devendrafadnavis urban development (ud) department has formulated a new policy that may pave the way for renewal of the turf clubs lease.
since 2013, the shiv sena, which controls the mumbai municipality, has been demanding that the maharashtra government take back the prime land leased out to the royal western india turf club (rwitc), and turn it into an international theme park.
situated in the heart of mumbai, the race course is spread over 8.
55-lakh-square-metre open space.
though the municipality had leased the land to rwitc  which expired on may 31, 2013  sources said the mumbai municipal corporation act had a clear provision that this land would vest with the state upon the expiry of lease.
this ambiguity is owing to the fact that the entire land was originally owned by the erstwhile bombay city improvement (bit) trust, which was created through an act of parliament on december 9, 1898, following the mumbai plague epidemic of 1896.
at that time, all vacant land owned by the municipality and the government were handed over to the bit, which was eventually dissolved in 1926.
following this dissolution, such land came to be categorised as schedule w properties.
while the bmc has claimed ownership for 2.
58 lakh sq m out of the 8.
55 lakh sq m open space, the government holds the view that even the portion for which the civic body is claiming ownership was vested with the state government at some point.
but just as the debate continues, the ud department has drawn up a policy for lease renewal of all such schedule w land.
the maharashtra cabinet may even take up the policy for approval when it meets tuesday, according to sources.
there are a total of 260 such properties, all situated in mumbai.
of these, 101 lease grants, including that for the race course land, have expired.
accordingly, the policy lists conditions for renewal of such expired leases for a 30-year period.
even as there is a specific mention that a decision on the race course land would be independently taken at the government, senior officials confirmed that an approval to the renewal policy  the first one of its kind for such land  will open doors for renewal of the rwitcs lease.
besides the leases that have expired, there are 108 other lease grants that have been allotted in perpetuity and three others granted for 999 years.
the governments policy has a plan for such grants too, which might not work in the municipalitys favour.
on the basis of a report showing that a large number of such leases have undertaken unauthorised change of use, fsi violations, or have committed breach of lease terms, it stipulates conditions where such wrongdoings could be regularised.
but the government has said 70 per cent of the revenue earned through such deeds should be deposited in the state governments coffers since the lands originally belonged to the state.
civic sources confirmed that they had earlier raised objection to this clause.
meanwhile, it was pointed out that the civic body had even pulled up the rwitc for alleged breaches, including open space violations.
while the mumbai municipality has been permitted to decide on the regularisation of some of the breaches, the government has spelt out that violations pertaining to change of use and open space must be referred to the government.
big push for metro rail projectsthe cabinet tuesday is expected to approve the second phase of the dahisar-bandra-mankhurd corridor, called metro ii-b.
the second phase, extension from dn nagar in andheri to mandala in mankhurd, would be an elevated corridor despite reservations from affected residents in the western suburbs.
the cabinet had earlier given nod for the first phase (dahisar-dn nagar) of the route, which is being executed by the delhi metro rail corporation.
the second phase is estimated to cost rs 10,896 crore, of which the state government will infuse rs 2,564 crore, and anotherrs 4,695 crore would be raised through credit assistance.
the mumbai metropolitan region development authority will seed in the rest of the capital.
in the run-up to the civic polls, the cabinet is also expected to approve the rs 14,549 crore wadala-thane metro rail, which will connect mumbai to neighbouring thane.
sandeep.
haryanaadvertisingunfurling the tricolour in sonipat, chief minister manohar lal khattar appreciated the centres decisions on jammu of kashmir.
the duo of prime minister narendra modi and home minister amit shah rid us of this pain (article 370) like krishna-arjun, fulfilling the dream of sardar patel, he said.
on his governments achievements, khattar said, haryanas youth have sacrificed their lives for kashmir.
for soldiers and ex-servicemen, our government has taken several major steps.
we ended an era of corruption.
literate panchayats, e-governance, online facilities helped haryana rise.
today, haryanas youths have visibly changed.
farmers have become more empowered.
madhya pradeshchief minister kamal nath announced that successful industrialists will be made brand ambassadors of the state and a three-day investment summit magnificent madhya pradesh will be organised in indore in october.
in his independence day speech at lal parade ground in bhopal, the cm said an atmosphere of confidence is being created to attract investment, and in seven months the state has attracted investment of rs 6,158 crore.
he said loans of more than 20 lakh farmers have been waived, farmers are getting electricity at half the rate, and the poor are getting 100 units at rs 100.
advertisingbiharin his independence day speech, chief minister nitish kumar said he had fulfilled his 2012 promise of taking electricity to each household.
he reiterated his governments commitment to maintain communal harmony and not compromise on three cs  crime, corruption and communalism.
he said the states premier heath institute, patna medical college and hospital, would soon have 5,400 beds and nalanda medical college and hospital would have 2,500 beds.
police have divided its functioning between law and order and investigation from august 15 and all police station vehicles are gps-enabled, he added.
kumar announced residential schools for talented muslim students.
punjabchief minister amarinder singh warned inimical forces against any attempt to destroy peace and harmony of the country, and called upon the people to join hands in fighting such forces.
addressing a gathering at guru gobind singh stadium in jalandhar after hoisting the national flag, he said there were anti-national forces that were envious of the peace and development in punjab.
let us rededicate ourselves to work collectively to build a strong and prosperous punjab he said.
odishapaying homage to freedom fighters and soldiers who died on duty, cm naveen patnaik in his independence day address promised that he, his ministers and senior bureaucrats would personally interact with people to monitor government schemes and services.
bringing up his demand to include the word ahimsa in the preamble to the constitution, he said, we feel that gandhijis principles are more relevant today.
gujaratchief minister vijay rupani credited pm narendra modi and home minister amit shah with making this independence day a historic day with the decisions on jammu and kashmir.
the dream of swarajya was accomplished by the two sons of gujarat, mahatma gandhi and sardar patel, and similarly from gujarat, pm modi and home minister shah, after 73 years of independence in 2019 have fulfilled the dream of complete swarajya again, he said.
he emphasised that good governance was a priority for the central and state governments.
keralachief minister pinarayi vijayan said, when leaders of democratic parties are under house arrest, we should think whether we are getting closer to democracy or away from it we hear a lot of reports about weak and hapless people being denied justice on the ground of the religion they are born in the brutal killings and insult on behalf of religion is a blot on the society which takes pride in its humaneness.
he said the federal spirit is the life of the constitution.
ours is a country where the states have distinctive rights and powers.
if there is encroachment on such rights and powers of the states, such a move is against the federal spirit as well as the principles of the constitution.
against the background of these factors, independence day is a time to introspect, he added.
andhra pradeshin his independence day speech at vijayawada, chief minister y s jagan mohan reddy emphasised that his government was corruption-free and transparent, and that he gave equal priority to peoples welfare and development.
he listed welfare schemes and legislation his government had introduced, and launched the flagship village volunteers system for taking governance to the doorstep of people by involving 2.
8 lakh village volunteers.
he said ysr rythu bharosa scheme will be started from october 15, under which power would be provided to farmers free of cost and each farmer would get rs 12,500 per year for four years.
assamchief minister sarbananda sonowal said his government had appealed for a sample re-verification in the update of the national register of citizens (nrc) for a correct and error-free register.
we hope that when the supreme court-monitored process is complete, the people of assam will get a historic document, where no foreigner will be included and no indian will be left out, he said.
the cm highlighted the success of his government in various fields.
tamil naduchief minister edappadi k palaniswami announced trifurcation of vellore district, one of the largest districts in tamil nadu.
after unfurling the tricolour at fort st george, the state secretariat, palaniswami said that vellore will be divided into three districts with headquarters in vellore, ranipet and tirupattur.
palaniswami said the decision was taken following demands from various ministers, mlas and the public.
west bengalchief minister mamata banerjee called for peaceful movements to preserve political and economic freedom, freedom of speech and democratic rights.
we must always strive for political freedom, economic freedom, freedom of expression, & preserve democratic rights.
when these are not given, we should organise peaceful movements to preserve these rights.
she tweeted.
we must unite india secularism is what identifies and unites us as a nation.
later, speaking at the independence day celebrations, she said, i love kashmir.
i dont want to get into the merits of article 370 but let me say this again, the method was wrong.
the way it was implemented is undemocratic, by terrorising people at gunpoint.
telanganachief minister k chandrashekar rao unfurled the tricolour at golconda fort.
in his speech, he mentioned the welfare schemes launched by his government.
he announced he had issued orders to waive crop loans of up to rs 1 lakh, as promised during elections.
as part of our efforts to improve delivery of government services, we have enacted new panchayat raj and municipal acts as part of overall administrative reforms.
he said that due to his governments fiscal discipline and practical policies and vision, the states wealth had gone up from rs 4 lakh crore in 2014 to rs 8.
66 lakh crore in 2018-19.
an unprecedented rs 1.
5 lakh crore investment has been made in the agriculture sector.
at least rs 50,000 crore has been deposited in bank accounts of farmers under government subsidies and agriculture schemes, he said.
karnatakachief minister b s yediyurappa said his government is committed to ensuring that employment opportunities of kannadigas are never compromised.
he called on those migrating to karnataka to adapt to kannada culture, lifestyle and language without compromising their identity.
at the same time, in the federal structure, we are ready to offer equal opportunities to all those who come to karnataka seeking employment opportunities, he said.
uttar pradeshclaiming that in two years up has established new heights of development, chief minister yogi adityanath expressed the states commitment to achieve the target of $1-trillion economy.
congratulating pm narendra modi and home minister amit shah for scrapping j&ks special status, adityanath said the dream of mahatma gandhi, sardar patel, br ambedkar, sp mookerjee and subhash chandra bose has been achieved.
goaleaders like sp mookerjee and ab vajpayee strived for years for a single identity, what they called bhartitiva, which was finally achieved under the leadership of pm narendra modi, chief minister pramod sawant said in his independence speech.
we can truly call ourselves indian.
that bhartitva is finally complete and we are independent for the first time as one country with the complete integration of jammu and kashmir with the rest of the country.
we always aspired to the philosophy of ek vidhan, ek pradhan, ek vichar, he said.
sawant thanked relief workers, volunteers and state disaster management units for helping out during the rain and floods.
rajasthanprevious congress-led governments contributed a lot to indias development and infrastructure building, based on which the country reached where it is today, rajasthan chief minister ashok gehlot said after hoisting the tricolour.
he said that an impression was being created that all development happened only after 2014, when the narendra modi dispensation assumed office.
arunachal pradeshadvertisingpema khandu congratulated pm narendra modi on the decisions on j&k, and said, the provisions of article 371 are inclusive in nature, but those of article 370 are primarily divisive i assure the people of my state that the provisions of article 371-h will continue to stay in force and the same had been categorically assured in parliament by the centre.
the mega-religious congregation will conclude tomorrow.
(source: pti photo/file) the mega-religious congregation will conclude tomorrow.
(source: pti photo/file)the year-long kumbh mela which began here and in trimbakeshwar last year, will conclude tomorrow.
the kumbh mela was started on july 14 last year after a grand flag-hoisting ceremony, satish shukla of nashik purohit sangh, told pti.
the ceremony was attended among others by union home minister rajnath singh in trimbakeshwar.
the mega-religious congregation will conclude tomorrow, shukla said.
he said the flag will be brought down on thursday in a ceremony at trimbakeshwar at around 9 pm and in nashik at around 9.
30 pm.
the purohit sangh has invited maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis for the function.
meanwhile, the nashik municipal corporation has made elaborate arrangements for the programme where a large number of devotees are expected to take part.
the city and the district police have beefed up the security of the area.
while kumbh mela is generally known for the gathering of millions of devotees as well as sadhus who come to the holy city for shahi snan (holy bath), sadhus with unconventional nomenclature and interesting mannerisms stole the show in nashik this year.
it seemed there was not just fierce rivalry among these sadhus to become the mahamandaleshwars (head of a particular khalsa), but there was stiff competition to grab maximum eyeballs when it came to style quotient as well.
here is a lowdown on the style quotient of some of the sadhus, who were seen sporting interesting looks.
at the ceremony at bharat diamond bourse on thursday.
(express photo by dilip kagda) at the ceremony at bharat diamond bourse on thursday.
(express photo by dilip kagda)mothers and widows of soldiers martyred in the september 18 uri attack kept weeping inconsolably as audience welcomed them with standing ovation at a felicitation function function at bharat diamond bourse.
all 19 families, whose sons were killed in the uri attack, received a fixed deposit of 10 lakhs each from diamond traders and jewellers on thursday.
the gems & jewellery export promotion council (gjepc) and mumbai diamond merchants association disbursed the fds to the 19 martyrs families through the hands of chief minister devendrafadnavis and his wife amruta.
a total of rs 1.
9 crore was distributed.
watch video: whats making newson the occasion, fadnavis said, though these families have lost their sons, events like this show the entire nation is standing with them.
i salute the mothers who gave birth to these bravehearts.
he added, our army is one of the best in the world.
they always had the potential to eradicate terrorist camps, all they needed was a 56-inch chest to back them and give them a free hand.
which we all know resulted in the surgical strike.
i hope by now pakistan would have learnt a lesson that we will now retaliate.
wives and mothers of these 19 martyrs have still not come out of the shock.
parvati devi, wife of martyr lance nayak rajesh yadav gave birth to her third child on october 1.
she was named divya as decided by her deceased father.
she even had to be rushed to the hospital on wednesday for weakness.
devram thok , father of sepoy sandeep thok and resident of nasik said,  i always pestered my sons to take me to mumbai as i heard alot about the city from my friends.
i came to mumbai for the first time today to attend the felicitation function of dead son.
apart from the cm, diamond merchant and bollywood financer bharat shah, pravin shankar pandya- chairman of gems & jewellery national relief foundation, mmrda commissioner ups madan were present at the event.
many complain that they missed out on getting punchnama issued for the losses and were never compensated.
express photo many complain that they missed out on getting punchnama issued for the losses and were never compensated.
express photowhen a massive fire gutted nearly 2,000 hutments in the damu nagar area of kandivli in december last year, local politicians, social service workers, and residents made a beeline for the spot to help the aggrieved hutment dwellers.
a year later, however, the hutment dwellers stand alone as they wait for the relief measures announced with much fanfare to materialise.
the biggest fight has been to get the basic identification documents that most of them lost in the fire.
the fire was so sudden and was spreading so quickly that most people just ran out of their houses to save themselves.
savings, important documents, clothes, vessels, gold  everything was left behind, said jeetendra sabhale, a resident whose house was completely burnt in the fire.
soon after the incident, the local collectors office conducted a survey to issue punchnamas to people who suffered losses in the fire.
the punchnama was essential as it worked as official proof of the documents lost by the locals without which they would have nothing to substantiate the losses.
residents, however, claim that a lot of them were left out in the survey due to various reasons, and hence did not receive a punchnama.
my nephew, who was living with me when the incident happened had gone missing for three days after the fire.
since i was looking for him, i was unable to file an application with the officials who had come even though i knew that they were registering people for a punchnama.
when i went to them later, they said they would come to the area again to include all those who had missed out, but they never did, said suman sharma, another resident whose house perished in the fire.
sharma, along with 50 others who did not have punchnamas, did not get a solution to their problem despite making numerous rounds of the collectors office, even in bandra.
as a result, these people lost out when it came to any relief that was provided in the aftermath of the fire.
we did not receive the compensation amounts of rs 3,800 or rs 25,000, or the ration that the government gave the others, sharma said.
we also did not materials like bamboo or tarpaulin to rebuild our homes.
most of the social service workers also distributed relief material based on the identification as per the panchnama, sharma added.
shiv sena mla prakash surve, however, denied the claim that some inhabitants still did not have a punchnama issued to them.
the claim is not true.
yes, there were people who got left out initially, but they were covered in the follow-up visits to the area, said surve.
meanwhile, the residents have started rebuilding their houses at the original location with the compensation money.
however, this time too, they could only afford to build houses using metal and tarpaulin sheets, though the tiled flooring gives them some stability.
the forest department has been promising us flats in chandivli for many years, and even though some people have received the keys, a majority have not, despite having paid the amount for registration.
if we would have received our flat, we would not still be here, said vimal doke, who has rebuilt her home.
in a meeting last week, they said they would make these flats in approximately 2-4 months; the exact location has not been announced, said gautam pandagle, district vice-president of the bjp.
the results for the bmc polls in 227 municipal wards will be announced on thursday.
the results for the bmc polls in 227 municipal wards will be announced on thursday.
the election for asias largest and richest municipal corporation brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) are underway and the bharatiya janata party and shiv sena are locked in a tussle for power.
the elections are unique in nature and this is why india should follow it.
political impactthe shiv sena-bjp alliance had swept the election in 2012 but the situation has changed after the 2014.
both parties are now bitter rivals and a war of words has been going on between maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray.
the parties were allies from 1989 to 2014.
both formed a government in maharashtra in 1995 and were allies in opposition since 1999-2014.
but disagreement over seat-sharing during the 2014 elections put the alliance under severe strain.
bjp formed the government on its own, and a reluctant sena eventually agreed to be a part of the government.
watch video | counting begins for bmc elections & pmc election results 2017in the run up to the bmc polls, both the parties failed to reach any agreement on seat sharing and the alliance was called off.
as the sena is also part of the national democratic alliance (nda) at the centre, the relationship has taken a hit from municipal level to the national level and the bitterness in the bmc fight is a manifestation of the same.
people queue up to vote for bmc polls.
(express photo by amit chakravarty) people queue up to vote for bmc polls.
(express photo by amit chakravarty)voter turnoutmumbai has historically been indifferent toward bmc elections and the voter turnout over the previous polls have been dismal.
in 2012, 46 per cent of the voters had voted in bmc polls while in the previous elections in 2007, the turnout was 43 per cent.
there are active campaigns to urge voters to cast their vote each time mumbai goes to polls.
this time was no different and social media was rife with campaigns urging higher turnout.
but, if the previous two elections are anything to go by, voters in mumbai are generally disinterested in civic polls and each year the city suffers massive civic woes.
primacy and prestige in political spaceeven the small civic poll is a battle for prestige as it is being seen in the larger scheme of things after bjp performed better than sena in 2014.
sena has been the prime political force in indias economic capital and this will put a severe dent on the partys existence in the states political landscape if it loses hold on bmc.
the elections are being held in 227 municipal wards.
in 2012, sena won 75, bjp 31, congress 52 and the ncp 13.
b'a participant said it was male patriarchy, and not religion, which was imposing restrictions on women.
(source: pti photo) a participant said it was male patriarchy, and not religion, which was imposing restrictions on women.
(source: pti photo)muslim women on thursday staged a protest demanding entry into a restricted area of the haji ali dargah in mumbai, a stir that came amid a campaign by a group seeking right for female devotees to offer prayers at inner sanctum of shani shingnapur temple in maharashtra.
several activists belonging to muslim women groups held placards demanding entry for females into the sanctum sanctorum of the historic dargah, which receives hundreds of devotees everyday.
a participant said it was male patriarchy, and not religion, which was imposing restrictions on women.
this is against tenets of islam.
the constitution has given you equal rights, islam supports the constitution, she added.
a muslim womens rights group is locked in a legal battle with trustees of the haji ali dargah, which has barred womens entry into mosques mausoleum.
the bombay high court is hearing a petition challenging the haji ali trusts decision to ban the entry of women in the sanctum sanctorum of the dargah (grave of a male muslim saint).
on january 18, the hc said it would wait for supreme courts ruling on entry of women in sabarimala temple of kerala before deciding on the plea related to the dargah.
a bench of justices v m kanade and reveti mohite-dere had said both matters involved entry of women in the religious shrines, and hence they would like to see what view the apex court would take on the issue before deciding on the pil pending before them.
the next hc hearing will take place on february 3.
the protest in mumbai broke out two days after members of a group, bhumata brigade, were prevented by police from entering into shani shingnapur temple in ahmednagar district to break a 400-year-old tradition banning women from entering its sacred sanctum.
after the high-voltage march to the temple by the bhumata brigade volunteers, which was foiled mid-way, chief minister devendrafadnavis called for a dialogue between temple authorities and activists to find a way out of the row.
the popular shrine is dedicated to lord shani, who personifies the planet saturn in hindu belief.
women devotees are not permitted on the chauthara (sacred platform) of the temple as per the centuries-led tradition followed at the shrine.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(pti photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(pti photo)the battle for mumbai on friday saw the three major parties  the bjp, the shiv sena and the congress  raise the political pitch in their traditional strongholds.
while cm devendrafadnavis tore into shiv sena chief uddhav thackerays love for the marathi manoos at a rally in thakurdwar, congresss sanjay nirupam, campaigning in dharavi, declared his party would ensure shiv sena and bjp corporators responsible for the graft in the civic body are jailed if his party comes to power.
uddhav thackeray, meanwhile, launched another tirade against the bjp top brass while addressing sabhas in marathi heartlands in worli and lalbaug.
watch what else is making newswhile the thakurdwar seat has remained loyal to the bjp with a sizeable affluent gujarati population, fadnavis invoked the marathi manoos card.
without naming uddhav or the shiv sena, fadnavis said, their love for the marathi manoos is limited to dishing out fake emotional speeches.
a direct attack followed, with fadnavis saying, it is because of shiv senas wrong policies that the marathi manoos has been thrown out of mumbai.
with a sizeable crowd present, fadnavis blamed the sena for corruption in the bmc.
so that a contractor can earn, they have been allotting road repair contracts every year.
at the same time, contractors are paid for annual drain cleaning contracts when the silt hasnt even been removed.
the taxpayers hard-earned money has been used to fill contractors pockets, he added.
within minutes, thackeray countered the jibes with a direct barb at fadnavis himself.
addressing the rally in worli, thackeray rekindled the episode of the abrupt transfer of former mumbai top cop rakesh maria.
the bjp transferred the (then) municipal commissioner (sitaram kunte) and (then) mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria.
the cm should make public the reasons for marias transfer amid investigations into the sheena bora murder case.
and if maria was guilty, why has no action been taken against him, said thackeray.
thackeray then went on the raise various issues dogging the police force.
residential quarters of the police are located a few meters from the venue of thackerays address.
thackeray also fired another sharp volley at fadnavis, stating, you cant win mumbai while badmouthing it.
the cm on wednesday had compared mumbai to patna.
in dharavi, a congress bastion, nirupam was seen cautioning voters not to fall for the political gimmickry of the shiv sena and the bjp.
please do not fall prey to it.
their split is nothing but a scripted drama to polarise voters.
i urge you to remain loyal to the congress.
no contract in the bmcs standing committee can be allotted without the bjps backing, he said.
but the nervousness in the congress camp was palpable.
we desperately need to keep our voter base intact, a congress leader told the indian express later.
there was drama when a supposed aimim support tried to interrupt nirupams speech, just as the latter was taking dig at asaduddin owaisi and brother akbaruddin.
aimim is a broker for bjp and muslim voters must be careful of them, said nirupam.
the assembled crowd however gave a lukewarm response to the rest of the rally, even as nirupam and gaikwad doled out promises of free 24*7 water, pothole-free roads, hawkers policy, and improved waste management.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file)the statement from the chief ministers office (cmo) to the effect that the state government has recommended a cbi probe into yavatmal pesticide deaths, after a probe found unapproved bt cotton seeds had been smuggled into the state, apparently has some misplaced facts.
the probe report by the central institute for cotton research (cicr), accessed by the indian express, makes no mention of the illegal seeds of what is known as herbicide resistant (ht) cotton as being responsible for the pesticide deaths.
the report is basically a compilation of all the factors that have been reported over the past few days, ever since the deaths created a furore.
among the major reasons cited by the probe team of the cicr that visited the fields in yavatmal last month were use of non-recommended cocktails of pesticides by farmers, greater height attainment by the crop leading to head-level spraying, use of high-power sprays covering large areas in short time, non-observance of due care by farmers and farm labourers to cover themselves properly, high humidity causing the pesticide fumes sticking to skin and getting passively inside the farmers bodies, etc.
nowhere has the cicr mentioned the spread of illegal ht bt cotton being responsible for the problem.
in fact, the report mentions that the state has about 40 lakh hectares under cotton in many districts across vidarbha, marathwada and khandesh regions, with vidarbhas share being 16 lakh hectares.
over 97 per cent of it is under bollgard ii bt cotton, says the report.
it means that about 38.
5 lakh hectares are under bollgard ii.
bollgard ii and ht bt are different  ht bt has an additional gene for resisting herbicides apart from the two genes that bollgard ii has to resist infestation of bollworm, the main cotton crop destroyer pest.
clearly, there is no connection between pesticide deaths and the illegal ht bt cotton.
the cmo statement also mentions firs being filed against five companies in the matter, when the three firs filed so far in nagpur district at saoner, parsheoni and narkhed are against unknown entities.
we have not mentioned anyone or any company in the fir since the source of these seeds is still not traced, superintendent of police shailesh balkawde told the indian express.
what the cmo has perhaps mixed up with the recent cicr findings is a report it had done in february on a request by swadeshi jagran manch, an rss affiliate, which had provided the cicr with some of the illegally used seeds from these places for testing to check if they had the ht gene.
as reported by the indian express earlier, the cicr report had then confirmed the existence of the ht gene.
it was on the basis of this report that the local agriculture department officials filed a police complaint last week.
the three firs were filed on the basis of that complaint.
when contacted, ketan pathak, officer on special duty to the chief minister, said, the tweets of the cm are very clear these seeds have been found in many states and thats the reason for cbi probe recommendation.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said that he has asked agriculture universities in the state to prepare a earn while you learn stipend scheme for students to carry out field work.
fadnavis said that, as part of the plan, students of agriculture colleges would be required to send agro advisories to farmers, collect data and ensure that a proper mechanism was created to disseminate information to farmers at the ground-level.
he told reporters that students would get a stipend, funded by the state government, for this work.
the students will be responsible for sending agro advisories to farmers, data collection and ensuring all the agriculture related schemes and policies reach farmers, fadnavis said.
he said the need of the hour was to ensure correct advisories to farmers in order to avoid double sowing.
we need to create a mechanism for information dissemination and proper communication on the ground, fadnavis said.
he said that the government was ready to make a provision for earn while you learn scheme which will work on an app-based mechanism.
with this, we can reach out to farmers, have speedy communication, and do various interventions, fadnavis said.
he was speaking while chairing a review meeting for this years kharif season.
the meeting was attended by cabinet ministers, secretaries of departments, vice-chancellors of various agriculture universities, collectors, ceos of zilla parishads among others.
at least 15 persons including four children, all belonging to families of labourers, were killed after a compound wall collapsed on temporary houses built at a construction site at kondhwa area in pune in the early hours of saturday.
as per information provided by police, the incident took place at a construction site near talab masjid in kondhwa, where tin houses were built for the labourers working at the construction site.
advertisingamong the deceased are 10 men, one woman and four children  three boys and one girl.
three persons, two men and one woman, were taken out alive and are being treated at a hospital for multiple serious injuries.
rescue operation being carried out by a team of ndrf, pune fire deparment, pune municipal corporation and with the help of some locals.
#kondhwawallcollapse follow live updateshttps://t.
co/c8top8hu4w pic.
twitter.com/58ozuwpm6z  the indian express (@indianexpress) june 29, 2019a while after midnight around 1 am, the compound wall of the site collapsed on the hut after a spell of heavy rains throughout the day on friday.
all the people who were sleeping in the huts were trapped under the collapsed wall and the soil behind.
advertisingsome local people informed the police and subsequently, district administration, pune city fire brigade and national disaster response force (ndrf) were also called to the spot.
speaking to the indian express, maharashtra revenue minister and pune guardian minister chandrakant patil said, most of the deceased are from bihar and we are coordinating with the state government there for helping families.
a compensation of rs 4 lakh has been announced to the next of kin from the national disaster relief fund to the family members.
he added, a committee comprising an additional collector, a police officer and one municipal officer has been formed to probe the incident and has been asked to submit a preliminary report within 24 hours.
based on the report, further legal action will be taken.
pmc halts ongoing construction after pune wall collapsethe pune municipal corporation (pmc), meanwhile, has issued stop work order for the ongoing construction.
the incident was unfortunate and action would be taken against all those responsible for it.
prima facie it seems there was excess excavation done at the construction site alongside the compound wall, said mayor mukta tilak.
she said that both the developers, who had constructed the boundary wall and the one who had taken new construction, were responsible and action would be taken against them.
the civic staff incharge of construction activities in the area would also face action, tilak said.
all the corporators of the electoral panel along with mayor tilak rushed to the spot in the morning.
the builder is responsible for constructing such a weak boundary wall and should be held responsible for the death of labours.
the developers in city construct tall buildings but construct very weak boundary walls and the civic administration turn a blind eye to it, said ncp corporator nanda lonkar.
the builder who had done excavation for developing adjoining plot was also responsible for putting labours in risky situation, she said.
mns corporator sainath babar said that the civic administration was negligent in performing their duties.
the pmc staff only gives permission but thereafter never carry out site visit to check the work being done by developer, he said.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
chief minister devendrafadnavis saturday urged voters in pimpri chinchwad to vote the bjp to power, promising five times more development in the region than what has been done.
give bjp the power in pcmc & we will do 5 times more development than what has been done, he said at a public rally in pimpri.
fadnavis said people always want to deposit their hard-earned money in a good bank.
there is nothing left in ncp bankbjp is a bankable banktherefore, people should deposit their vote in the right bank and we will ensure that you get five times more returns in the form of citys development, he said.
watch what else is in the newsblaming former cm prithviraj chavan and ncp leader ajit pawar for imposing penalty tax on unauthorised constructions, fadnavis said his government has decided to scrap penalty tax and legalise unauthorised constructions to provide relief to hassled residents.
he said despite ncp chief sharad pawar holding important posts like the defence minister at the centre, he failed to resolve the issue of red zone.
but on friday defence minister manohar parrikar has already announced that red zone issue would be resolved by him, he said.
pcmc gained notoriety for corruption several public issues remained pending especially the issue of illegal constructions.
if bjp comes to power, we will provide transparent and good governance, he said.
fadnavis spoke for 20 minutes.
he was supposed to arrive at 2 pm, but landed only around 3.
30 pm.
there were around 2,000 people at the rally, much lower than the one for mim rally.
this was cms second rally in pimpri chinchwad in a week.
bjp pimpri chinchwad president laxman jagtap, mp amar sable and mla mahesh landge were also present at the rally.
the maharashtra government has urged district collectors to replicate the yavatmal model with some course corrections to adapt to their respective districts to completely stop farmers suicides.
(representational) the maharashtra government has urged district collectors to replicate the yavatmal model with some course corrections to adapt to their respective districts to completely stop farmers suicides.
(representational)the state governments special pilot project launched in yavatmal and osmanabad in 2015 to check farmers suicides, which has tasted considerable success, will be extended across all the 14 agriculturally distressed districts in vidarbha and marathwada.
this is part of the governments plan to make maharashtra zero farmers suicide state on a mission mode in year 2017 and 2018.
watch what else is making newsthe project titled baliraj chetana abhiyan  which comprises more than 100 schemes for uplift of farmers through a holistic approach of socio-economic development model  will be applied in all the 14 districts of vidarbha and marathwada which are both drought prone and have a long history of maximum farm suicides.
apart from these, the government has also urged the district officials to extend the schemes where possible in parts of north maharashtra and western maharashtra to stop farmers from resorting to extreme measures due to the farm crisis.
a senior officer in the government revealed, the national crime records bureau statistics citing maharashtra farm suicides at 3000 was during the worst drought crisis in year 2014 and 15.
yet, the data showed that in districts where the policy reforms of the government have been sincerely executed the farmers suicides have declined 50 per cent from 386 to 276 in case of yavatmal in vidarbha regionthe government has urged district collectors to replicate the yavatmal model with some course corrections to adapt to their respective districts to completely stop farmers suicides.
the two major steps initiated towards sustainable agriculture is to make every village water neutral through jalyukta shivar project and provide 12 hours of uninterrupted power supply to farmers across the state.
the power department has launched the projects.
by 2017 end, it will provide agriculture pump connections to every farmer who demands it within 24 hours.
according to kishore tiwari, who heads the mission to address farmers suicides, we have to increase credit bracket to facilitate easy access of loans to farmers.
second step is to get them a ready market for their produce and third is to convince them to accept crop change through scientific methods.
information obtained under the right to information act has revealed that the slum rehabilitation authority sent a notice to housing development and infrastructure (hdil) on july 10, asking it to stop work on an ongoing project after four cheques worth rs 15.
84 crore it had issued to the sra bounced.
citing the information, rti activist anil galgali wrote to chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday, demanding that the firm be blacklisted and an enquiry be constituted against former sra head vishwas patil, who had allegedly allowed hdil to pay the amount to regularise a construction taken up without prior permission.
galgali alleged that hdil developers had started construction of the sale component of a project without requisite permissions from the sra.
when the matter came to light, galgali claimed, patil, in september 2016, approved the regularisation of the project by levying a penalty of rs 61.
5 crore.
the third installment of the payment was made vide four post-dated cheques, which amounted to rs 15,84,95,201, which were returned by the bank.
after the cheques bounced, the executive engineer of sra sent the letter to hdil on july 10, directing them to stop the work until a no-objection certificate had been obtained from the audit department, said galgali.
the activist has demanded that hdil be blacklisted from participating in future sra projects and a case be registered against them as well as the project architect.
he also asked for an inquiry against patil for allowing them to regularise the construction.
refuting the allegations made by galgali, hari prakash pandey, the vice-president of finance, hdil, said that the payment was a rent amount that the firm was supposed to pay the sra.
there is no illegal construction in the project.
we pay a certain rent to sra by post-dated cheques for the period of one year.
however, our project account was attached and the amount went to the income-tax authorities instead of the sra.
we were not aware of it since we received the notice only on july 17.
we are now replacing the cheques.
the payment is likely to be made in a day or two, he said.
patil could not be reached for a comment.
chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday discussed a development plan for zero mile, which is the centre of india.
at a meeting held in his hometurf nagpur, fadnavis said, the zero mile has its own significance and could become a point of attraction for tourists.
we should create a plan that helps visitors know its importance and glory at a glance.
the zero mile is the centre of india.
it is located in the heart of the orange city.
however, repeated plans to develop the place into a beautiful tourist spot have remained unsuccessful.
b'railways minister suresh prabhu.
(file photo) railways minister suresh prabhu.
(file photo)railway minister suresh prabhu has sanctioned phase-ii development works of the sawantwadi terminus in sindhudurg district of coastal maharashtra, a konkan railway official said on friday.
suresh prabhu has sanctioned the work of phase-ii which will cost rs 8.
15 crore.
under this, various infrastructure works including terminus building, ticket window, waiting hall, circulating area on sawantwadi town side, new approach road with drive-in facility along the new platform and train watering arrangement will be put in place, siddheshwar telugu, chief pro of konkan railway said.
the phase-i of sawantwadi terminus, the work of which was launched in june last, was recently completed at a cost of rs 11.
42 crore.
the foundation stone laying ceremony of phase-i of the terminus was performed on june 27, 2015 by prabhu in the presence of maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
it was a challenge to complete phase-i work within a year.
taking into account the importance of the sawantwadi terminus and in order to augment the traffic facility, the railway minister sanctioned phase-ii, he said.
watch video: whats making newsthe terminus will not only fulfil the aspirations of the people of sawantwadi and villages around but it will also promote tourism in this area as sindhudurg has been declared as tourism district by the state government, he added.
this will help the overall development and progress of the konkan region in particular and the country in general, he added.
lakhs of middle class and lower income families residing in illegal homes in maharashtras cities were extended a partial relief wednesday.
the bjp government in maharashtra ensured the passage of a bill in the legislative assembly exempting such families from paying penalties for occupying an unauthorised structure.
the exemption will be applicable for tenements measuring up to 600 square feet.
the penalties applicable to those residing in 601-1000 square feet homes were also lowered.
earlier, a penalty equal to twice the property tax leviable on such buildings was recovered from such families as arrears in property tax till the property is regularised.
on january 8 this year, ahead of the local body polls across the state, the urban development department led by chief minister devendrafadnavis had issued an ordinance in this regard.
on wednesday, the ordinance was converted into a bill.
official estimates reveal that nearly 2.
5 lakh structures in maharashtras cities have sprung up in an unauthorised fashion.
most of these house middle and lower income families.
while pimpri-chinchwad near pune has about 1 lakh illegal structures, mumbais satellite town thane, too, has about 60,000 such houses.
the bill, extending partial relief to such residents, comes at a time when the governments move to legalise a majority of these structures in one stroke is facing a legal challenge.
minister of state (urban development) ranjit patil tabled the bill wednesday, which was cleared without any discussion.
the cm had earlier run a poll campaign in pimpri-chinchwad and thane where he had promised relief to such families.
there are several instances where some unscrupulous elements after constructing the building unlawfully, sell the flats to the buyers, who purchase the flats under the genuine belief that such construction is authorised under the law.
as the amount of penalty was recovered as if it were the arrears of property tax, the burden fell on the buyers who were not at fault, said manisha patankar mhaiskar, principal secretary, urban development.
effectively, the move recognises such families as victims of fraudulent practices of fly-by-night builders.
the government has, however, clarified that the respite must not be construed as regularisation of the unauthorised structures.
for those residing in illegal homes measuring between 601-1000 square feet, the penalty amount was lowered to 50 per cent of the property tax liability.
but the existing provision of recovering twice the property tax as penalty will continue to be in force for all those residing in tenements over 1,000 square feet.
the coastal road project is top priority of the government and all efforts have been made to put it on fast track, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced in the state legislative council on wednesday.
advertisingexpressing concern over the inordinate delay in the project, he said public interest litigations related to mega-infrastructure projects often lead to complications delaying work and escalating costs.
four years ago the government had set 2019 deadline for the rs 12,500 crore project along the scenic mumbai coast.
however, the cost has been revised to rs 15,000 crore.
the new deadline is 2023.
read | coastal road will turn bandra into traffic bottleneck: petitionersadvertisingi feel we should make a policy decision to ensure pils in projects above rs 100 crore which relate to public welfare should be decided in a time-bound manner in the court.
this would help both in execution of the project within the timeline and also checking cost escalation, he said.
fadnavis was responding to congress-ncp members questions on the delay in the coastal road project.
while outlining the entire process from its conception to permissions sought from multiple departments such as the ministry of environment and ministry of urban development, fadnavis said, we are trying hard to expedite the project.
the completion of the project will bring huge relief to mumbaikars who travel between nariman point and kandivali suburbs.
in record time our government got all permissions from the centre for starting the project.
but pils landed the project in court delaying work.
any project which gets legally entangled leads to cost escalation, he said.
in case of underground metro work, some people filed pils in the high court.
in one pil the petitioners demanded work should not be done in the morning.
in the second pil, petitioners prayed that the work should not be allowed at night.
now, it is a trying time for courts when such matters come up, he said.
unfortunately, because of work delay of nine to ten months, the project cost went up by rs 1,000 crore.
in case of coastal road, the government is fully committed to protect the rights and livelihood of fishermen.
similar issues cropped up during the construction of the bandra-worli sealink, he said.
responding to oppositions questions related to development of koliwadas, he said, we have to reckon that this is the first time the government has taken the initiative to bring koliwadas, gaothans and tribal areas within the mumbai development plan.
we have completed the process of demarcating areas for 12 koliwadas.
the revenue department has been entrusted with the task.
koliwadas are old fishermen colonies dotting the island city and suburbs.
officials believe there are 40 koliwadas.
earlier, these were omitted from the development plan.
union surface transport minister nitin gadkari, who arrived at the vidhan bhavan in nagpur friday amid the ongoing session of the state legislature, has defended chief minister devendrafadnavis suggestion to set up a pm-led committee for development of mumbai.
mumbai has always been the highest tax-paying city in the country.
the development of mumbai is important.
why should anybody object?
he said.
a committee led by pm would certainly go a long way in development of mumbai and maharashtra, he said.
gadkari, however, refrained from making any adverse comment against ncp president sharad pawar, who had dashed a seven-page letter to prime minister narendra modi, arguing that a pm-led committee would be detrimental to the autonomy to civic body which governs mumbai.
chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)at sindhi village (jafrabad taluka) in jalna district, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday launched the state governments project to desilt dams and check soil erosion on agriculture land.
the project is titled gaal mukta dharan, gaa yukta shivar (desilt dams, stop soil erosion) and its objective is to provide nutrient-rich soil that is desilted from the dams, free to farmers to use it on their fields.
during his tour in of osmanabad and jalna, fadnavis held interactions with farmers on the new project seeking their participation.
from jalyukta shivar that makes drought-prone villages water reliant, the government has turned to nutrient-rich soil to double production and income of farmers.
b'a day after the government-owned helicopter carrying chief minister devendrafadnavis and his team crashlanded in nilanga in latur district, a team of officials from the directorate general of civil aviation (dgca) collected evidence from the crash site.
detailed accounts of witnesses and all those on board the chopper were taken.
on thursday afternoon, the chopper, carrying two pilots and four officials, along with fadnavis, suffered damages after the crash.
in its inspection, the team recorded the condition of the chopper and collected some of its parts, including the cockpits voice recorder box.
we have investigated the site in detail.
a detailed inquiry report of the same will be prepared soon, said a senior dgca official.
the dgca team took a first person account of the incident from us.
they questioned us, especially on our need to call for an emergency landing and what exactly we observed inside the cockpit.
said the chief pilot in command, sanjay karve.
the initial inquiry will be the responsibility of the western region of the dgca office in mumbai, karve added.
officials said the chopper will be cleared from the site in three-four days.
procedural work, including an insurance check of the chopper body and other details, will require time.
a team of 20-25 policemen from latur have been posted at the spot for security reasons.
the chopper, which hit few electrical wires, landed with force and injured a few slum dwellers, the police said.
as some slums were damaged in the crash, two people sustained minor injuries.
they received medical treatment later, said a police officer.
mumbai.
b'shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray.
(express photo/nirmal harindran) shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray.
(express photo/nirmal harindran)the shiv sena on monday dubbed as laughable the alleged maoist letter suggesting a maoist plot to target prime minister narendra modi, saying the conspiracy does not seem legitimate and appears like the story of a horror film.
in remarks laced with sarcasm, it said high-profile leaders ought to be provided elaborate security cover irrespective of lakhs of people dying in attacks by insurgents.
making light of the alleged threats by maoists to the prime minister and maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , it said, some say that a part of the bjp considers modi and fadnavis as thorns and has given a supari (contract) to naxalites to eliminate them.
however, such statements should not be given much importance.
politics should not be played over security of the prime minister and the chief minister.
they should be given security.
it is ok if lakhs of people die (in naxalite attacks) however they should live, the sena quipped in an editorial in party mouthpiece saamana.
a letter purportedly suggesting to assassinate modi and fadnavis has come to the fore, however, it is condemnable that the issue is being milked for political purpose, it said.
modis security is as strong as mossad (israels intelligence agency) and it is virtually impossible for anybody to penetrate it, the sena claimed.
similarly, fadnavis has converted the state secretariat into a fortress, where the movement of common man has become difficult, it alleged.
in such a case, the plot to assassinate them seems mysterious and the story of a horror film, it added.
quoting contents of the purported maoist letter, the sena said, modi has succeeded in forming governments in 15 states.
if this continues, the organisation will be in trouble.
and thus, modi should be eliminated.
all this was revealed by the police which seems laughable, it said.
on the one hand, naxalites plan to procure m-4 assault rifles along with four lakh rounds of ammunition and on the other hand, leave behind an assassination plot as evidence.
this conspiracy does not seem legitimate, is what being said by experts, the marathi publication said.
according to police probing the january 1 bhima-koregaon caste violence in pune district, a letter seized from a person arrested in that connection talked about ultras mulling a rajiv gandhi-type incident and suggesting that modi should be targeted during his road shows.
ncp chief sharad pawar on monday said the bjp was playing a threat letter card to gain sympathy.
however, slamming pawar for his remarks, fadnavis said the rajya sabha member was not expected to stoop down to this level.
dr dilip sarda and dr jayant navrange during idea exchange at the indian express .
arul horizon dr dilip sarda and dr jayant navrange during idea exchange at the indian express .
arul horizonas the ima strike is called off following assurances by chief minister devendrafadnavis , dr dilip sarda, member of maharashtra medical council and former president of maharashtra unit of ima and dr jayant navrange, chairman of the medico-legal committee of ima at an idea exchange at the indian express talk on why the incidents snowballed into a major issue leading to mass bunking and what needs to be doneanuradha mascarenhas: resident doctors at government medical colleges across the state have been on mass casual leave for five days demanding security.
why did indian medical association (ima) get into the picture and go on an indefinite shutdown of opd services?
dr navrange: ima is the parent body of doctors and what happened in dhule was a brutal attack on an orthopaedic doctor at a civil hospital.
dr rohan mhamunkar almost lost his vision after 20-25 relatives of a patient beat him up.
a week after the dhule incident, there were again another six attacks on resident doctors in various parts of the state.
somewhere we had to speak up as enough is enough.
in the last seven years, there have been 56 cases of assault against doctors with seven in pune.
but no action has been taken and the accused gets released on bail in 24 hours.
hence, we supported the resident doctors and 40 associations have come together under the banner of doctors medical security forum that went on a statewide strike.
the response from doctors in both small clinics and large hospitals has been spontaneous with several shutting their opd.
sunanda mehta: why has the doctors protection act of 2010 failed to provide security to the doctors?
it already has the provisions for imprisonment and fines.
dr sarda: it is not a central act.
so far its only in 18 states.
also, it is not in the curriculum of the police, so most of the police officials do not even know about it.
finally, while the punishment is laid down, there is no implementation by the government, hence, it fails to act as a deterrent for the attacks.
we are asking for security personnel for all the 16 government medical colleges in the state.
the colleges should be manned by adequate security persons who can prevent these attacks on the medicos.
while this issue exists in other states too and is not particular to maharashtra, we want to make our state a role model for the solution and implementation of the doctors protection act.
sushant kulkarni: the key demand is of providing security.
do you think it will be feasible to provide security to every doctor?
right now we are talking about medical colleges.
what about the district hospitals, phcs?
dont you think they are even more vulnerable?
dr navrange: the corporate hospitals are capable of providing their own security unlike small private hospitals and the phcs.
we have to start thinking about long-term solutions.
we have formed regional whatsapp groups, of at least 100 doctors each from individual areas.
so whenever there is an incident, neighbouring doctors can rush and prevent that incident.
we call it the pune model, which has proved to be very effective in last two-and-a-half years.
we also realised that police are not aware of the existing law.
every time a new police chief comes, we have to brief them about the act.
this is because this law has not been included in their curriculum.
even police stations are not aware of it.
so when then police commissioner kk pathak issued a departmental order to individual police stations, it worked really well.
also, we need to have regular communication with local police stations.
we believe this model will work for every unit across the state.
it is of no use to just call them when in crisis.
this has worked in pune in several cases.
sushant kulkarni : then arent we looking at a situation where relatives and doctors will be at loggerheads?
dr navrange: no.
we are not looking at tit for tat kind of scenarios.
but in present condition, this seems to a workable model to protect ourselves.
alifiya khan: there is not much awareness about this law.
and here, arent doctors partly to blame?
how many hospitals/private clinics have put up signages?
like it was done while implementing the pcpndt act.
dr navrange: most big hospitals do have these posters and signages, especially outside emergency rooms.
yes, it is not there in nursing homes, clinics etc.
i think to spread awareness, we need to ensure it is visible to patients and caretakers at all these places.
we will soon publish a notice in ima newsletter, which doctors can put up .
anuradha mascarenhas: why is there a lack of communication between doctors and patients.
is there no provision to introduce communication skills in the mbbs curriculum.
dr navrange: there is a lack of communication between patients and doctors and in the last few years, communication skills have been introduced as a module in the second year mbbs course.
dr sarda: at ima, we have conducted several continuing medical education programmes on this issue and emphasised on the importance of medical ethics.
there are challenges in the healthcare environment but good communication eventually means the need to respect each other and also manage expectations.
more efforts need to be taken to establish this rapport.
alifiya khan: one of the demands is to restrict the number of relatives who accompany patients in hospitals.
but why cannot the medical college dean issue such orders at their own level?
dr navrange: yes, the hospital dean or medical superintendent should do it at their own level.
but we are seeing that this is not happening, in case of dhule it didnt happen.
dr sarda: even if hospitals do put such restrictions, they are not followed.
we dont want just orders.
they need to be implemented too.
previously, the state had issued a similar order, but was it followed?
who will restrict relatives and how can one doctor face 20 relatives in an icu?
anuradha mascarenhas: with rising cases of attacks against doctors, can mmc play an effective role.
dr sarda: mmc is a quasi judicial body and we do get cases of medical negligence against doctors.
there has been a backlog of 700 cases of medical negligence and it has been resolved over the last few years.
dr navrange: the mmc has no jurisdiction over criminal cases or complaints of doctors against patients.
the lok sabha elections in maharashtra marked the rise of a new other backward class (obc) leader, with girish mahajan clearly replacing the dominance of the political heavyweight and old-timer eknath khadse in the bjp.
advertisingin spite of disputes within, coupled with challenges from established leaders in the congress-ncp alliance, the party had a 100 per cent strike rate in north maharashtra, also known as the khandesh region.
of the total eight seats in the region, while bjp contested on six, its ally shiv sena on two.
mahajan, also the state water resources minister, was the partys in charge for the region.
khadse (67), who had held the reins of north maharashtra for the last 40 years, was forced to take the backseat for the first time in these elections.
mahajan, a blue eyed boy of chief minister devendrafadnavis , was in charge of the entire operation.
also read | maharashtra: two shiv sena rebels among six state legislators now mpsadvertisingmajahan himself underplayed his role.
i attribute the success in entire maharashtra, including north maharashtra, to the leadership of prime minister narendra modiji and chief minister devendraji fadnavis.
the bjp saw north maharashtra as a difficult turf  the anti-incumbency against sitting mps meant it had to bring in three new faces, which created much resentment within the party.
in ahmednagar, partys decision to field sujay vikhe-patil by replacing sitting mp dilip gandhi had led to some protest and unrest among his loyalists.
the other challenge was in jalgaon constituency, where sitting mp a t nana patil was replaced with smita wagh.
but finding her candidature was not appealing to the masses, mahajan replaced her with young turk unmesh patil.
in dindori, the decision to replace sitting mp harishchandra chavan with ncps dr bharati pawar invited backlash to some degree within the organisation.
some unrest and anger was natural as individuals feel hurt when denied the ticket.
but the organisation had to collectively take the decision to field suitable winnable candidates, said mahajan.
many in the party said that the rise of mahajan is the writing on the wall for khadse, who represents the muktainagar seat in the assembly, and has been a critic of the fadnavis government after he was forced to resign from the cabinet over charges of corruption and misuse of office in a land deal.
a senior bjp leader said, khadse will continue in the core committee of the party.
but there is no question of giving him any additional important role.
the party has taken objection to his continued pin-pricks against the fadnavis government in the assembly and outside.
maintaining that khadses resignation from the cabinet was due to alleged corruption charges, a leader said: no injustice was done to him.
the party fielded his daughter-in-law raksha khadse from raver based on merit and she won the seat.
when contacted, khadse described the results in north maharashtra as impressive, but not surprising as it has been a bjp bastion.
jalgaon had been bjps best bet in eight consecutive elections.
there was an exception only once at a time when bjp was struggling to find its feet in other regions, north maharashtra always favoured bjp.
i led the party for four decades.
those were days of struggle and hardship with no resources and support base.
i would campaign walking miles using a loudspeaker, he told the indian express.
advertisingon mahajans rise, khadse said, since mahajan has been entrusted the responsibility of the region, he is leading.
but the organisation and the people will reckon our sacrifice and services in building the party.
my only expectation is that the party organisation should reckon our services.
i am not expecting anything more.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file)even before the union government announced the ayushman bharat programme to set up 1.
5 lakh health and wellness centres, the maharashtra government has already conducted a soft launch of the flagship scheme with 30 sub-centres in palghar and malegaon districts.
the state now proposes to upgrade a total of 1,270 sub-centres run by the public health department into such health and wellness centres.
according to state government officials, a batch of bams doctors is currently undergoing a six-month training programme before they are posted at these centres to cater to 12 services, including maternal and child care, geriatrics, palliative care, screening and treatment of non-communicable diseases, mental health, ophthalmic and ent, trauma care, dental care, neonatal and infant care, and family planning.
this is unique to maharashtra.
only here, bams doctors are legally allowed to prescribe allopathic medicines.
we are hoping this will be a game changer, said pradeep vyas, principal secretary (health).
maharashtra faces a huge vacancy in its public health system with vacancies for anaesthetists at 64 per cent, for general physicians at 48 per cent, general surgeons at 45 per cent and paediatricians and gynaecologists at 35 and 26 per cent respectively, according to data from the directorate of health services until october 2017.
state officials hope introduction of bams doctors in the rural sub-centres will help bring family physicians for a large population.
the government also plans to introduce ayurveda in these centres.
the proposal outlines the role of the bams doctor to train local, rural and tribal population on cultivation of medicinal plants for home remedies for minor ailments, to teach yoga and to prescribe ayurvedic medicines.
in 2016-17, the state government chose 30 sub-centres for upgradation that started functioning last year.
in 2017-18, 250 sub-centres were chosen of which 200 are in process of upgradation.
for 2018-19, a total of 1,270 sub-centres have been proposed for upgradation.
maharashtra is the first state to undertake this project on a pilot basis, said dr umesh tagade, in-charge of the ayush programme.
each sub-centre caters to a population of 5,000.
currently, a sub-centre has one auxiliary nurse midwifery (anm) and one multi-purpose health worker (mpw).
these centres will be upgraded at a cost of rs 7 lakh each, and staff will be expanded to include four to five accredited social health activists (ashas), two anms, a mpw and a bams doctor.
while doctor will be paid rs 25,000 fixed salary, the other staff will be paid on incentive basis.
these health and wellness centres will be gatekeepers between primary and secondary healthcare.
each bams doctor will act as family physician for a population of 5,000 people, said tagade.
the health and wellness centre will also maintain a family folder, linked to aadhaar cards, to create an online database of every familys health records, past history of ailments, treatment of any family member and future line of medication.
the idea is to allow this information to be accessed from any government hospital should the patient be referred from one hospital to another, added tagade.
while sub-centres will act as first point of contact for any health-related issue, referrals to primary health centres or rural hospital will only happen in critical cases.
government also hopes to divert all normal deliveries towards sub-centres.
the concept of these centres is to ultimately reduce burden of tertiary level hospitals.
these centres will look into curative, preventive, and palliative healthcare, said dr sanjeev kumar, director, national health mission and in-charge of directorate of health services.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis bharatiya janata party for the first time finds itself in the reckoning as a major political force in the bmc, taking on the shiv sena on home turf.
while conceding that it is going to be a close fight with sena, the bjp believes its tally will substantially increase from current 32 seats to anywhere between 75 and 85 seats.
whether it can edge the shiv sena out in the race for the number one position remains uncertain.
watch what else is in the newsthe bjp, which has been isolated with the shiv sena, congress and ncp targeting prime minister narendra modi and chief minister devendrafadnavis , will have to see how this impacts voting in selected pockets in mumbai.
to stall the bjp, the sena is likely to transfer its votes in seats where it is on a weak wicket to non-bjp parties including the congress.
the bjp is relying on the development plank under the leadership of fadnavis.
anti-incumbency factor against shiv senait has ruled bmc for two decades coupled with the anti-corruption campaign, is expected to work in its favour.
a three fold increase in seat tally can be possible only if bjp along with its traditional gujarati voters manages to get marathi votes.
the partys decision to field more than 120 marathi candidates was part of the strategy to dent the shiv senas vote base.
a weak mns may work to the bjps disadvantage, for the marathi vote may not be split.
the bjps biggest worry is the tactical vote transfer being reportedly worked out between the shiv sena, congress and ncp in some pockets in mumbais suburbs.
express photo express photoafter transport minister diwakar raote assured them that the sate would soon take a positive decision to regulate services of app-based cab aggregators, taxi-rickshaw unions have called off the proposed indefinite strike supposed to begin from monday.
we decided to call off the strike after receiving a call from raote.
he assured us of taking a positive decision after he, along with chief minister devendrafadnavis , meets us on september 1 to discuss our issues, bala sanap, leader, jai bhagwan taxi rickshaw sanghatana said.
taxi and rickshaw unions had threatened to go off roads for an indefinite period of time from monday.
the unions are protesting against the time taken by the state to decide on regulating the services of app-based aggregators in the city.
earlier in the day, transport commissioner pravin gedam held a meeting with various taxi and rickshaw unions in the city to discuss their demands.
the unions, however, said that the meeting was not fruitful with no positive decision being taken by the commissioner to address their concern against aggregators impacting their business.
jai bhagwan taxi rickshaw sanghatana (jbtrs) union and swabhiman taxi and rickshaw sanghatana, however, decided to call off the strike in the evening after calls from the minister.
we have called off the strike after raote said all taxi unions would be called for a meeting with the cm on september 1.
we are hoping for a positive decision on our demands, failing which we will begin the strike, said k k tiwari, leader, swabhiman taxi and rickshaw sanghatana.
however, the recognised rickshaw unions in the city have decided to continue with their one-day strike on august 31.
we are not backing out and will continue with our strike.
apart from ola and uber, we are demanding measures to be taken by the government against illegal transportation and drivers operating without badges.
to make our voice heard, we will go on a strike, said shashank rao, leader, rickshaw union.
the state has already prepared the city taxi scheme, 2015 to regulate app-based taxis, but its approval has been delayed.
in a press release sent by the commissioners office, it is stated that a committee, of which the transport commissioner is also a member, has been set in place to decide on the regulation of app-based cabs in the city.
the committee is likely to take a decision on the fate of cab aggregators after it examines the suggestions and objections received on it, said the release.
the transport minister will meet the taxi unions on september 1.
the minister has assured the unions of taking a positive decision on regulation of app-based services, said pravin gedam,transport commissioner.
mumbai has around 40,000 black-and-yellow cabs and around one lakh auto rickshaws.
ahead of the assembly elections, the state government will launch the chief minister employment generation programme(cmegp) on tuesday, with an aim of generating 10 lakh jobs over the next five years.
advertisingindustry department officials said the programme is being launched to make the youth self-reliant and to encourage them for self-employment.
we expect that one lakh micro, small and medium-sized industrial units will be set up in the next five years, which will generate 10 lakh jobs.
we will provide financial assistance to these units, said harshdeep kamble, secretary of department.
kamble said the government will provide subsidy up to 35 per cent for capital investment up to rs 50 lakh for a unit.
the entrepreneur has to raise 5 to 10 per cent investment of the total cost and the remaining capital can be raised through loans, he said.
an official said that the programme will be launched by chief minister devendrafadnavis , and that shiv sena leader aaditya thackeray will be the special guest at the occasion.
industrial minister subhash desai will also be among those present.
finance minister arun jaitley (file) finance minister arun jaitley (file)soon after finance minister arun jaitley announced the centres disassociation with loan waivers for farmers, the congress party on tuesday lashed out at the former, saying the bharatiya janata party (bjp) must not make promises they cannot deliver.
during the lok sabha elections, the bjp in their manifesto spoke about farmer loans being waived off.
with the current situation of farmers in the country, it is not right for the centre to fall back on their words.
the bjp must ensure that the farmers get their dues on time.
nothing can be more unfortunate than farmer suicides, congress leader shobha oza told ani.
supporting this stance, senior advocate kts tulsi asserted that farmers must get remunerative prices for their produce, adding that this atrocity should not prevail against those that feed the nation.
farmers cannot keep dying like this.
they feed our nation.
they must be paid their dues, he told ani in new delhi.
earlier on monday, finance minister arun jaitley had said the centre would not fund for loan waivers for farmers, adding that the states must fund for this on their own expense.
this decision comes in the wake of the loan waiver that was recently announced for the farmers by the maharashtra government, led by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the situation of farmers in many states has gone from bad to worse, owing to a decline in crop prices on both the domestic and international front.
farmer suicides have surged significantly in the last year, with agitation being staged in various pockets of the country.
the most recent upheaval was witnessed in madhya pradeshs mandsaur district, where farmers have been protesting demanding loan waivers and good prices for their produce.
on june 6, curfew was imposed after five farmers were killed in police firing during a protest.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file)a bill to prevent attacks on journalists will be introduced in the ongoing budget session of the maharashtra legislature, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced in the state legislative assembly on saturday.
the draft of the bill regarding attacks on journalists is ready and we plan to introduce it in the ongoing session of the state legislature, he said.
the session is scheduled to conclude on april 7.
fadnavis made the statement while replying to a discussion in the lower house over the debate on a bill to amend the indian penal code and crpc act, seeking to enhance the punishment for attacking public servants from the present three years to five years imprisonment and making the offence cognisable and non-bailable.
fadnavis had yesterday introduced the bill in the assembly.
despite the bjp and sena members taking objection to the bill that proposes to amend provisions of the ipc and crpc, the chief minister told the house that that the purpose of the bill was not to support ineffective government officials, but those who were genuine and honest and were target of corrupt contractors and sand mafia.
i assure you on the floor of the house that if any loopholes are found, suitable amendments would be made in the monsoon session in july, he said.
fadnavis said the scope of the term hurt is well defined and there is no room for any misuse of the law.
in majority of cases, public servants are attacked by corrupt contractors and sand mafia, while the number of attacks by politicians and general public are negligible.
there is a need to enhance the punishment, as presently the accused in such cases can get bail easily.
the need of the hour is to ensure that honest officials work efficiently, he said.
wrongdoings of public servants will not be protected.
however, genuine and honest public servants need to be protected, he added.
as per the bill, sections 332 (voluntarily causing hurt to deter public servant from his duty) and 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty) will be amended and to be made punishable up to five years of imprisonment from the present three years, fine or both.
the bill seeks to make the offences cognisable and non bailable.
members of the ruling parties, including bjp mla ashish shelar and shiv sena legislator chandradeep narke, earlier today took objection to the bill.
sena members jayprakash mundada and shambhuraje desai had also demanded the bill be postponed till next week for a detailed debate.
if policymakers were serious about alleviating water shortages for the poor, they would first have to blame themselves for the stupidity, if not depravity, of the policies they have pursued.
if policymakers were serious about alleviating water shortages for the poor, they would first have to blame themselves for the stupidity, if not depravity, of the policies they have pursued.
people are dying  and you want to maintain cricket pitches, asked an over-excited tv anchor.
but not as morally excited as the learned justices of the bombay high court who opined, as quoted in the media, that this entire thing of the utilisation of water for ipl matches needs to be thought over.
the court also apparently asked the bcci counsel whether cricket matches were more important than people or preserving water.
an important question.
watch video: discussing the ipl water controversythe first response to this question, especially by immoral thinking economists as well as those with a modicum of common sense, is to ask a related question  what alternative use is there for water, and what is its price?
in the desert, water is worth a lot; and it is also worth a considerable amount in drought-prone areas.
an average person consumes 150 litres of water per day or 54,000 litres per year.
assume that a sixth of the population of maharashtra (around 20 million) has no access to any water for half a year  that is, maharashtra needs to supply (transport) to the drought areas 540 billion litres of water.
the ipl matches in maharashtra are estimated to use six million litres of water for watering the grounds.
but that is an estimate of a corrupt capitalist (and therefore, dishonest) bcci  so let us double the stated amount.
so the honourable justices, and the oh-so-moral ngo loksatta movement that brought the pil against ipl, and our learned tv tripping (as in trp) anchors believe that saving .
002 per cent of water will alleviate the water misery of 20 million people.
it is not for nothing that my column is called no proof required  moving the ipl will only provide water for 400 people for half a year.
the financial express editorial, ipl vs sugarcane (april 8) illustrates the utter stupidity of the position that fewer cricket matches in maharashtra will solve the water shortage problem.
if policymakers were serious about alleviating water shortages for the poor, they would first have to blame themselves for the stupidity, if not depravity, of the policies they have pursued.
in particular, look at the water-guzzling sugarcane crop.
maharashtra encourages the growing of sugarcane: in 2014-15, the estimated sugar output from maharashtra was 10 billion kgs.
each kg of sugar uses 2,000 litres of water.
in other words, the total water used for sugarcane cropping in the state was 20 trillion litres.
you do the math.
as the fe editorial hints, the savings from not having the ipl matches are not even a minuscule fraction of the water used by the sugarcane growers in maharashtra.
by creating a moral song and dance about the ipl, the immoral elite only proves to the world that it is intellectually dead.
neither drought nor poverty is new to maharashtra.
first and foremost, the responsibility of delivering the much-needed water to all its citizens (and not just the wealthy) lies with the state administration.
what was the bjp in maharashtra, in particular chief minister devendrafadnavis , doing for the past two years?
of course, doing nothing except banning beef and moralising about the need to say bharat mata ki jai everywhere.
what could have fadnavis done?
and, given that he has not done it, what can he do now?
basic water needs of humans (150 litres a day) can easily be transported to the drought-hit areas on a daily basis and expenses paid from all the taxes collected by the state.
then what is the problem?
and why hasnt this solution been offered, and used as yet?
the (non) agricultural policy of the centre has distorted the food market for decades.
the punjab economy is in a mess because of too much rice production in the state.
the maharashtra economy is in a mess because of the production of too much sugarcane.
according to the counsel for the trendsetting loksatta movement, the bcci and the ipl have the means and resources to shift matches out of maharashtra but the state government does not have the means, and/or the political desire, to transport water to its poor drought-hit citizens?
the ipl-versus-water controversy raises a lot of non-sequitur issues, especially the contention that morality has anything to do with it.
the need of the hour is to conserve water, and herewith some people who should be honoured for suggesting (moral) rules for water conservation.
the top prize goes to moralist # 1, nitish kumar, the chief minister of bihar, who has recently banned the sale and consumption of all alcohol (except foreign-made liquor) in bihar.
note how far-sighted and water-saving this policy is.
no beer will be sold, so less toilet water needed for flushing beer-induced piss.
moralist # 2 award goes to the ever- thoughtful and far-sighted pahlaj nihalani, the man in charge of the central board of film certification of india.
sensitive to the ipl-versus-drought conflict, he recently gave a u/a rating to the jungle book, a remake of a childrens film.
the u/a rating means that children below the age of 12 have to be accompanied by an adult.
his reason for the u/a rating (and i am not making this up) was that the 3d effects were too scary for children sitting alone.
note how very subtly nihalani is helping the water cause.
fewer children screaming means less water is needed to calm them down afterwards, and this saved water can be directed to the maharashtra farmers via the bcci headquarters and the bombay high court, both of which are located in mumbai.
herewith are some other nitish-nihalani (nn, which can also stand for no and no) type sensible policies to help lessen the need for water, and help farmers and ordinary people in the drought-hit areas of maharashtra (and elsewhere):recommended policy # 1: stop asking people to say bharat mata ki jai.
think about it  500 million people not saying bharat mata ki jai on a daily basis will save enough water, through reduced thirst, to flood latur.
recommended policy # 2 (which is not only recommended but practised in fadnavis-land): maharashtrians were asked to have a muted holi celebration to save water.
of course, if holi were not a hindu festival, holi would have been banned.
recommended policy # 3: fadnavis could help the poor citizens of his state, and improve governance if he removed the ban on the slaughter of old cows (above 16 years of age).
water consumption will go down.
although, as a supreme court (2005) judgment noted, doing so would mean that manure production will also go down  this was the primary reason why the honourable court banned the killing of all cows.
some questions remain: why did the honourable court not throw out the morally juvenile petition of loksatta?
and why the argument that the ipl should pay for drought relief?
what sense does that make?
it is as sensible as placing an environmental tax on the purchase of cricket bats because trees have been felled.
paraphrasing peter, paul and mary: where has commonsense gone, and when will they ever learn?
satish mathur has been appointed as the dgp of maharashtra.
(express photo) satish mathur has been appointed as the dgp of maharashtra.
(express photo)senior ips officer satish mathur has been appointed as the new police chief of maharashtra.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has appointed satish mathur (1981 ips batch) as the next director general of police of maharashtra, k p bakshi, acs home, told pti.
the post was earlier held by praveen dixit, an ips officer of 1977 batch, who was posted in december last year.
mathur, who succeeds pravin dixit, was appointed as the director general, anti-corruption bureau in the month of april.
known as perhaps the first national security guard (nsg)-trained ips officer, mathur has held several crucial postings in the past, including his tenure with the cbi, when he was one of the officers who prosecuted the 1993 blast accused.
it was during this case that the cbi team, comprising mathur, for the first time gave the prosecutions say to the court including hyper-links, where one could click on the name of an accused and all the details regarding him would appear.
given that the case had 193 accused persons, the team led by mathur came up with this arrangement for the first time, an officer said.
apart from cbi, mathur was also the director general, legal and technical, the first person to hold the post after it was created by the state to improve the conviction rate in maharashtra.
mathur was also the pune police commissioner and served a nearly five-year tenure with air india on central deputation.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)the world bank tuesday proposed a financial assistance of $1 billion to maharashtra in critical projects related to urban transport and climate-resilient agriculture practices over the next two to three years.
the wb has decided to work with the state government in tackling climate challenges in agriculture, especially in the backward regions of marathwada and vidarbha.
the projects entail better water use and management along with crop diversification and efforts to conserve moisture in the soil.
watch what else is making newsworld bank chief executive officer devendrafadnavis and maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis discussed the projects in mumbai tuesday.
georgieva said this was the highest ever wb engagement with any state.
we intend to deepen our relationship and work closely, she said.
the five core areas where the wb and the state government will work include road connectivity, climate resilient agriculture, smart cities, renewable energy and separate agriculture feeder.
describing the meeting as very positive, the cm said, we had a fruitful discussion based on scientific and integrated approach towards development.
apart from the financial assistance that comes with wb, what is more significant is the knowledge and expertise which is of immense value in taking the projects forward.
the wb has reiterated its commitment to supporting maharashtra in its effort to develop climate-resilient agriculture practices in the drought-affected regions of marathwada and vidarbha.
the climate-resilient practices such as seed diversification, drip irrigation, inter-cropping and precision agriculture, among others, will help improve water use efficiency, and conserve moisture in soil during the long hot periods.
the wb ceo also expressed keenness to provide assistance in railway projects such as mutp -3.
earlier in the day she took a local train ride in a second class ladies compartment.
sharing her experience, she said,  mumbai is a beautiful place.
its young and vibrant.
speaking about the state governments efforts towards investments in infrastructure, georgieva said, to meet the aspirations of mumbaikars, the city will have to make massive investments in transport infrastructure.
these investments will enable commuters to access more comfortable, safer and efficient services.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis approved the national venom research centre project.
(express photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis approved the national venom research centre project.
(express photo)in a bid to encourage research in snake poisons, the maharashtra government has in principle approved setting up of a national venom research centre and approached the central government to aid the haffkine institute to initiate research in different species of snakes and their poisons.
officials from haffkine institute said the project has been approved by chief minister devendrafadnavis and the union health ministry has been approached to support it.
the venom centre will study 52 different species of snakes, their diet and geographical factors that cause difference in their venom.
attempts to create standard norms for anti-snake venom, for both public and private sectors, will be formulated.
haffkine pharma is the only organisation in the public sector that produces anti-snake venom.
india records 2-3 million snake bite cases and 50,000 deaths every year, the highest in southeast asia.
the world health organisation (who), however, claims only 10 per cent cases are reported.
currently, india has about 300 known species of snakes of which at least 52 snakes are considered poisonous.
india, currently, faces a huge demand and supply gap in anti-snake venom production.
of an estimated demand for 4.
5 million vials annually, india currently produces 1.
5 million vials.
the venom centre will focus mostly on terrestrial snakes, and aim to study properties of poison and how to best create the most potent anti-snake venom.
at present, there are no standard norms to manufacture venom or the kind of venom extracted, said dr nishigandha naik, director at haffkine institute, parel.
researchers believe anti-snake venom works differently on patients, depending on the kind of snakebite and region from where the snake comes.
a venom extracted from one snake in a particular region may differ from the same species found in other part of the country.
several countries produce their own anti-snake venom for this reason.
another project called biotechnology industry research assistance council (birac), a department of biotechnology funded project, will collect snake venom from four states to study venom properties.
the birac will focus on four states in north, east, west and south of india to do biochemical analysis of snake venom.
our venom potency is not that great.
perhaps we can extract a mixture of venom from different regions and create a potent anti-snake venom, naik added.
according to dr rahul gajbhiye, attached with national institute for research in reproductive health, india produces anti-snake venom against four species  cobra, russels viper, common krait, and saw-scaled viper.
but there are very few manufacturers.
this is considered a neglected tropical disease, he said.
apart from increase in production, we also need skilled doctors to treat snakebites.
the vial should be administered within two hours of bite, said gajbhiye.
b'from special orders procuring equipment to the shunting of trains to give jaldoot preference.
from men working day and night, to hurdles, expected and unexpected.
from water miraj is withholding from own, to water now coming to latur.
it was in january 2013 that maharashtra first considered running water trains.
it was again to provide water to drought-hit marathwada.
at a cabinet meeting, then chief minister prithviraj chavan said that initial discussions had been held with the railways to arrange three wagons to transport 5 lakh litres of water daily.
last year, as the drought in marathwada persisted, the idea was thrown about again, this time to transport water to latur from pandharpurs ujani dam, 190 km away.
finally, when the government picked miraj, sangli, 342 km from latur  the longest distance for a water train in india  to supply water, it was the most natural choice.
the water train chugging into latur on its fourth run friday evening.
(express photo by pradip das) the water train chugging into latur on its fourth run friday evening.
(express photo by pradip das)the krishna basin, extending over andhra pradesh, karnataka and maharashtra, is known for its prosperity.
the warna major irrigation project, with a capacity to store 34 tmc (thousand million cubic feet) water and holding 15 tmc of water at present, keeps the area around miraj one of the few maharashtra regions unaffected by the drought.
among lush fields of grapes, sugarcane, banana and raisins, farmers say they havent faced water scarcity in years.
residents talk about getting water supply twice a day.
the water train to latur, since named jaldoot by pune divisional railway manager b k dadabhoy, draws its water from the krishna river downstream of warna dam.
from there to a latur doorstep, it is a rs 2.
8-lakh, 25-hour operation now, for every run with 10 wagons.
the wagons are clover-green in colour, having been delivered clean and freshly painted from the railways kota workshop.
eventually, the railways plans to carry 50 wagons every trip.
it takes 3 hours to fill a wagon with 50,000 litres at miraj right now.
plan is to cut this to 10 hours for 50 wagons.
(express photo by arul horizon) it takes 3 hours to fill a wagon with 50,000 litres at miraj right now.
plan is to cut this to 10 hours for 50 wagons.
(express photo by arul horizon)the first of the 50 btpn tank wagons arrived on april 10, one day before the trial run.
the kota division of the railways was chosen for supply of the rake because it has an expertise in cleaning tank wagons, says chief workshop manager p k tiwari.
tank wagons are primarily used to transport petrol, vegetable oils, molasses and crude oil.
earlier, we had cleaned crude oil wagons to be employed for high-performance petrol, says deputy chief mechanical engineer haripal singh.
to carry water, the wagons were steam-cleaned, then cleaned with chemicals, scrubbed, and finally washed with high-pressure water jets, he adds.
at miraj, preparations were on by then for the task ahead.
(read more)at the latur station too, jaldoot arrives to a special welcome.
the railways have dedicated a special track, that ends behind the main station, for the water train to halt.
water being filled into tankers near the latur station.
50 rail wagons would hold water equal to 450 tankers.
(express photo by pradip das) water being filled into tankers near the latur station.
50 rail wagons would hold water equal to 450 tankers.
(express photo by pradip das)rubber pipes help empty water from the wagons into an 850-m-long rcc pipeline, leading into a well nearby.
the emptying of water takes upwards of three hours.
the rcc pipeline was laid by sunday night, before the first trial run.
later, holes were drilled into the concrete pipeline for inlet pipes coming from the wagons.
officials say they began work as soon as revenue minister eknath khadse, deputed to sangli by chief minister devendrafadnavis , made the announcement on april 5.
(read more)pipeline being laid at latur railway station.
the idea is to cut down time taken in use of water tankers.
(express photo by pradip das) pipeline being laid at latur railway station.
the idea is to cut down time taken in use of water tankers.
(express photo by pradip das)the water train to marathwada is making no waves in this part of the country.
for 14 years now, arid rajasthan has been using the railways to get its districts water.
this year since january, the states public health engineering department (phed) has been running a 50-wagon train from ajmer to bhilwara daily, carrying 25 lakh litres the same as planned for jaldoot eventually.
data with the north western railway, headquartered in jaipur, shows that between april 2002 and october 2002, water trains made a total of 243 trips from ajmer to abu road (in sirohi district), and to sojat road and bomadra (in pali district).
a severe drought had been declared that year in all the districts of the state.
50 wagons, emptied of 25 lakh litres, at bhilwara railway station.
(express phot by rohit jain paras) 50 wagons, emptied of 25 lakh litres, at bhilwara railway station.
(express phot by rohit jain paras)the trains were run from ajmer division and water was sourced mainly through jawai dam, says nwrs cpro tarun jain.
the dam has a capacity of 78,875 million cubic feet.
i was posted at the mandal railway station then, recalls anwar ali khan, now the station master at bhilwara railway station.
as soon as the water train arrived there, people would climb atop it, with buckets and pipes, and make off with whatever they could.
the railway protection force too wasnt harsh.
the people just wanted water to drink.
they anyway couldnt collect much.
the water trains have been working intermittently since.
(read more)carrying around 3.
7 lakh litres of potable water over 200 km, indias first water train chugged into rajkot on may 2, 1986, afternoon, cheered by thousands.
saurashtra had been seeing consecutive drought years in the 1980s.
in 1986, it rained a bit, but far from enough.
by february 1986, all the sources of water in rajkot, the biggest city of saurashtra with a population of around five lakh then, had almost dried up.
we had no option but to look outside for water, says janak kotak, a bjp leader who was then a corporator and later became the mayor of rajkot.
tubewells were drilled, around a thousand water tankers were engaged.
but the situation turned worse with summer then mayor of rajkot vajubhai vala requested the state government to do something, else the entire city faced the prospect of migration.
indias first water train.
for 6 weeks, 6 trains carried 30 lakh litres daily.
(express archive) indias first water train.
for 6 weeks, 6 trains carried 30 lakh litres daily.
(express archive)chief minister amarsinh chaudhary decided on water trains.
(read more)the precedentsaustralia used rail networks to transport water as far back as the late 1800s.
in 1952, drought-relief water shipments were sent to the mining town of broken hill in new south wales via six water trains a day.
in 2008, the queensland rail freight of australia delivered water to cloncurry town in north-central queensland.
the us has also used water trains for long.
as per illinois state water survey, 1971, mount vernon got drinking water by railway tank cars in 1905, 1925 and 1945.
the january 1945 operation, with 100 tank cars, lasted 45 days and cost over $50,000 then.
as late as 2015, rail cars were proposed in the us to provide potable water to small communities in california, reeling under a four-year drought.
owners of dilapidated tenanted buildings in mumbai will get six months to begin redevelopment after the structures are declared dangerous to live in.
if they fail to do so, the state-run maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada) will invoke provisions of the national disaster management act, 2005, to acquire the buildings.
advertisinga new legislation being readied by the state housing department for ensuring time-bound and compulsory redevelopment of rundown tenanted buildings in mumbai will contain provisions for suspending a landowners right to property in such cases where the latter is found to be delaying redevelopment options.
sources said that the proposed law will give the landowner a deadline to initiate redevelopment, failing which, his right to property will be suspended.
advertisingwe have proposed that the owner should be given a six-month deadline after the building is declared unfit to live in, said a senior official.
if the owner fails to meet the deadline, mhada will initiate acquisition proceedings.
the tenants collective, if existing, will be provided another three months to consent to a private redevelopment plan.
if they fail as well, mhada will undertake redevelopment on its own with the help of contractors, the official added.
based on recommendations made by a committee of legislators, the government has proposed that in all such cases, the landowner will be given a compensation of up to 25 per cent of the ready reckoner (rr) value of the plot or up to 15 per cent of the built-up area in the redeveloped building.
ready reckoner values are market values of a plot as determined by the government.
while the law will be applicable for such buildings across mumbai, mhada officials said the plan is to first design cluster-based redevelopment of such buildings in the island city, which accounts for over 14,000 cessed structures.
many of these are in a dilapidated condition.
but the bureaucracy itself is divided over the implementability of such a law.
when the land acquisition act guarantees any urban landowner compensation up to two times the market value, why would anyone settle for a lesser compensation?
asked an official.
another official pointed out that the right to property was a fundamental right.
legality of suspending this right will have to be examined, he said.
a day after ncp workers raised slogans at a rally addressed by chief minister devendrafadnavis during the mahajanadesh yatra on party chief sharad pawars home turf of baramati, fadnavis on sunday hit out at the party, asking how it would feel if bjp workers started disrupting pawars public meetings.
advertisingshould bjp workers now go to every public rally of pawar and raise slogans?
he asked.
seven ncp workers were raising slogans at the mahajanadesh yatra in baramati.
there was no police action against them.
they ran away when police approached them will it be okay if seven of our party workers carry out sloganeering in each rally by pawar?
this is not the way to behave, fadnavis said of the incident that led to a tense situation for a while in baramati during his roadshow.
he added, does this (sloganeering) mean no leader of any other political party should hold rallies in baramati?
is article 370 enacted there?
advertisingstating that he would help ncp workers hold a rally in his hometown, fadnavis added: this is a democracy.
in a democracy, every political party has the right to hold public rallies.
it seems as if the ground is slipping under their (ncp) feet and so they dont want the cm to come to their town and address rallies.
flanked by former ncp leader and descendant of chhatrapati shivaji udayanraje bhosale, who resigned as satara mp to join the bjp, and former satara mla shivendraraje bhosale who also joined the saffron party, fadnavis roadshow passed through pune and satara on sunday.
speaking at the rally, udayanraje said, the congress and ncp have been finished.
its time they introspected.
the development plank of the fadnavis government is responsible for established leaders quitting the congress and ncp to join bjp, he said.
congress demanded a cbi probe into recent seizures of demonetised currency in various parts of maharashtra, saying it showed that illegal exchange of old currency was still going on.
in a letter to the maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , state congress spokesperson sachin sawant said that scrapped notes worth rs 2.
25 crore were recovered in thane, while in pimpri rs 1.
36 crore in scrapped notes were seized.
watch what else is in the newsthough the union government had banned the possession of demonetised currency, these seizures showed that illegal exchange was going on, sawant said.
the recent incidents show that old notes are being exchanged for a commission and it proves our allegation that demonetisation was a big scam involving the government and the rbi officials, he said, demanding a cbi probe.
samajwadi party has claimed that vigilantes are targeting permissible trading of animals as well and creating fear in the minds of muslims and dalits in the state.
representational file/agency photo samajwadi party has claimed that vigilantes are targeting permissible trading of animals as well and creating fear in the minds of muslims and dalits in the state.
representational file/agency photowith muslims set to celebrate eid-ul-adha that involves sacrificing an animal, next month, the samajwadi party has told chief minister devendrafadnavis to rein in gau rakshaks in the state.
the party has claimed that vigilantes are targeting permissible trading of animals as well and creating fear in the minds of muslims and dalits in the state.
in all of maharashtra, muslims and dalits engaged in their traditional occupation of skinning dead animals, dealing in cattle and their transportation are living in fear of getting lynched by the saffron brigade.
if the cm wants the rule of law to prevail he must categorically state his governments position on cow vigilantism, samajwadi party mla and president of the maharashtra unit, abu asim azmi said.
the party has claimed that even legal permissible business of animal trading in the state are being targeted and are at the mercy of so called gau rakshaks.
the gau rakshaks have upped the ante bringing trade in animals to a standstill.
transporters simply refuse to carry animals for fear of harassment by police and local authorities.
production of leather goods in and around mumbai has fallen up to 70 per cent due to repeated instances of cow vigilantism, azmi claimed.
meanwhile, with the muslim community set to celebrate eid-ul-adha which involves sacrificing an animal next month, the party has told the government to ensure that social harmony is not affected.
people are fearful because even transport of even legally allowed animals is being targeted.
with eid around the corner people are worried about the activities of these vigilantes, samajwadi party corporator, raees shaikh said.
after the congress slammed prime minister narendra modi for taking actor akshay kumar on board a naval warship, the shiv sena on saturday came out in kumars support, stating that it was childish on part of congress to bring up the issue and that the actor was a true hindustani.
advertisingin an editorial in party mouthpiece saamana, the sena, on the row over ins viraat being used 35 years ago as a private taxi by then late prime minister rajiv gandhi, said: the congress has brought out a childish matter of prime minister narendra modi taking bollywood actor akshay kumar on a naval warship.
but both these matters are completely different.
akshay kumar is a true hindustani.
his canadian citizenship is a technical issue.
he (kumar) has given a large share from his earnings to the families of the martyrs in the last few years.
he has been holding several programmes to nurture patriotic interests among the youngsters.
this is why the controversy is pointless, it added.
the sena said that the focus should be on the prevailing water scarcity and drought situation across the country.
chief minister devendrafadnavis performed a puja in ujjain praying for the drought to end and the state have a good rainfall this year, it noted.
such things help in increasing the self confidence of those in the government and the administration praying to god does not end ones duty there is no substitute for hard work in tackling drought, said the editorial.
b'located on the outskirts of auranagabad, auric will be built on 10,000 acres of land.
located on the outskirts of auranagabad, auric will be built on 10,000 acres of land.
the maharashtra government has decided to speed up the two phases of the delhi-mumbai industrial corridor (dmic) along with the completion of the first integrated industrial greenfield city, aurangabad industrial city or auric, by 2022.
indians first smart industrial city with the concept of walk to work is expected to bring investments worth rs 70,000 crore and jobs to three lakh people, said chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the bhumi pujan of auric was performed late on saturday night and was attended by the cm.
located on the outskirts of auranagabad, auric will be built on 10,000 acres of land.
the state and centre gave all clearances for the project.
expressing satisfaction over the pace of work in the two phases of dmic, fadnavis said, the government is engaged in discussions with 150 investors and vendors from japan and south korea.
the hyosung group, which committed an investment of rs 3,000 crore in auric to build factory for manufacturing spandex, has provided the anchor, he added.
the group had signed the mou with the state government during magnetic maharashtra on february 20.
a sub-committee, led by prime minister narendra modi, has already sanctioned rs 6,500 crore for bidkin and rs 1,533 crore for shendra for infrastructure and related developmental projects.
the completion of the rs 46,000-crore nagpur-mumbai samruddhi corridor and jalna dry port, will also play a significant role in boosting the economic development of auric, the cm added.
along with the dmic, these two projects will improve connectivity and thereby boost economic activities in the state.
the dmic will be enforced in two phases in the 36 districts of maharashtra, covering 29 per cent land.
the project is deemed significant as it will impact 26 per cent of the states 11.
20 crore population.
the dmic criss-crosses at least eight important districts  aurangabad, dhule, nashik, ahmednagar, thane, nandurbar, raigad and pune.
the project will also boost development across marathwada, north maharashtra, konkan and western maharashtra regions.
the inclusion of tribal belt comprising nandurbar, nashik and dhule is a concerted effort to give these most backward districts a new economic identity through industrial projects.
another aspect which was highlighted in the roadmap was the impact of auric on the backward region of marathwada.
the project presentation mentioned how auric was planned to cash in on global investors.
this will help in industrial growth beyond aurangabad with efforts to promote ancialliary units in adjoining seven other districts dotted across marathwada region.
in the first phase of dmic, the plans that were unveiled are shendre-bidkin industrial city and state-of-art exhibition-cum-convention centre in aurangabad, marathwada, a multi-modal logistic park at karmad and water supply scheme for shendre.
a tiger has recently been sighted near phetri village in nagpur district, which is the adopted village of chief minister devendrafadnavis , about 8 km from the citys outskirts.
advertisingprincipal chief conservator of forest (wildlife) nitin kakodkar confirmed the sighting.
a full-grown tiger has been seen near phetri village, about 8km from katol naka (octroi post).
it appears to be a transient tiger.
so, we are keeping a watch, he said.
there are about seven villages in the vicinity.
people have been warned not to venture out in the night without taking proper precaution, kakodkar added.
chief minister devendrafadnavis saturday expressed grief at the demise of veteran bjp leader and former union finance minister arun jaitley.
fadnavis, who addressed public rallies at malkapur, khamgaon and shegaon in buldhana district of vidarbha as a part of his mahajanadesh yatra, remembered jaitley as a brilliant, world-class lawyer.
advertisingjaitley ji played a very significant role in taking on the oppositions corruption, which led to the grand victory of party under prime minister narendra modis leadership in 2014lok sabha elections whether it was 2g scam or commonwealth scam, there were series of cases which exposed the opposition and credit goes to jaitley ji he said.
the state government has decided to set up new water management units along the irrigation projects and close its under utilised construction units across maharashtra.
at present, there are 3,900 major irrigation projects which have been completed and 380 which are under construction, sources said.
however, an audit shows that the deployment of workforce is disproportionate.
while there are more than the required number of workers and construction units, there is no mechanism for the management of the irrigation projects, which are languishing because of poor maintenance and repairs.
watch video: whats making newsciting an example, sources said, we have 484 executive engineers for 380 irrigation projects where the work in undergoing.
apart from these, there are various categories of officials and workforce.
the construction units which were built for other completed projects have remained operational with the same workforce.
as a result, officials and workers have very little work at the construction units.
the course correction is part of the governments new policy on irrigation projects which is in its implementation stage.
an official in the water resources department said, to begin with, we have identified such construction units which need to be shut down.
and relocate the workforce to its management unit in the same vicinity or different districts.
according to the estimate, the total investment in irrigation projects which have been completed till date goes up to rs 70,000 crore.
whereas, the total investments required for completion of all the ongoing projects and those which have been approved requires rs 1.
25 lakh crore.
the new policy comes after directives from chief minister devendrafadnavis to focus on water management and maintenance of the irrigation projects.
fadnavis has emphasised the significance of water management.
water should be treated as economic commodity, he said.
fadnavis has repeatedly urged to scale the existing infrastructure through high maintenance for water management.
the problem is not lack of resources, but how well we manage and maintain our existing resources including water, he said.
in a candid admission, a senior secretary said, for the last several decades, water resources departments main function was to sanction the irrigation projects and allocate funds.
for the first time, we are not only working towards minimising the expenditure and curtailing the waste but also mobilising available sources, including workforce, for better management, said the secretary.
prime minister narendra modi.
(source: pti photo) prime minister narendra modi.
(source: pti photo)stating that demonetisation has had no impact on gdp, prime minister narendra modi citing testimonials by apple chief tim cook, microsoft founder bill gates, world bank chief devendrafadnavis , nobel laureate for economics muhammad yunus and others, on tuesday said that the world was looking at the bold move with a lot of respect.
speaking to a gathering of industry at the port town of dahej, modi dedicated the rs 30000 crore ongc petro additions ltd (opal) plant to the nation.
this is one of the largest petrochemical plant in the country.
the opal is a joint venture company promoted by ongc, gail and gspc.
opal projects its market share in the polymer sector at 13 per cent by 2018.
currently the average per capita consumption of polymers in india is 10 kilogram, compared to the world average of 32 kilogram, modi said.
at full capacity, this opal plant will annually produce 14 lakh metric tonne of polymers like linear low and high density polyethylene, polypropylene and five lakh metric tonne of chemicals like benzene, butadiene, pyrolysis gasoline, etc.
maharashtra revenue department officials had red-flagged the environment departments no-objection for treating a part of the seashore on the nepean sea road area as revenue land.
the indian express has learnt.
advertisingas reported by the indian express on july 15, chief minister devendrafadnavis cleared the state revenue departments proposal of surveying the foreshore area on nepean sea road, and giving the land parcel a cadastral survey (cs) number.
the foreshore or the intertidal zone is the portion of the shore between the low tide and high tide marks.
read | part of south mumbai seashore to be treated as landfadnavis had said on tuesday that the department had obtained a no-objection from the state environment department before granting the proposal a go-ahead.
following the chief ministers nod, the department had issued directives to the mumbai collector for survey of the portion and assigning the cs number to the newly formed land.
advertisingbut documents obtained by the indian express under the right to information (rti) act show that revenue officials had raised questions about the environment departments no-objection.
the documents show that the department had first sought the environment departments opinion on the proposal on november 3, 2018.
it had sought a report on the applicability of the environment and coastal regulation zones(crz) laws to the proposal after a report form the maharashtra settlement commissioners office opined that the proposal should be examined from the environmental point of view.
also read | no development possible on nepeansea road foreshoreon january 2, 2019, the environment derpatments technical wing, while commenting on the proposal, noted: according to the latest coastal zone management plan of mumbai, the portion abuts the high tide line and was situated on the seaward side of this line.
according to 2011 crz regulations, no construction or development is permissible.
the environment departments section officer, the under secretary, and the director (environment), also accepted the suggestion that the file should be returned to the revenue department with these comments.
but documents reveal that an additional noting was penned by the director (environment) a week later, which stated, subject to the condition (that no development or construction was permitted), there should be no objection to assigning of a cs number.
this was later approved by principal secretary (environment) anil diggikar, who, when contacted, had said that his departments stance was clear that this was a no development area.
revenue officials had questioned the validity of the conditional noc.
on january 23, 2019, an under-secretary of the department wrote on the file.
the environment departments views had been sought with regards to applicability of the crz norms.
but they have submitted an opinion citing grounds on which the cs number can be provided.
it is the revenue departments prerogative to decide whether to assign a survey number to a land or not.
the environment department is not expected to comment on it.
since it seems to have gone beyond the scope of the query, it is felt that the no-objection should be treated as inapplicable.
later, the departments joint secretary, too, concurred with this viewpoint.
the official note, in this regard, argued that the conditional noc was contrary to the technical cells opinion that had stated that no development was permissible.
it also argued that it shall not be appropriate to assign a cs number in this case.
but this was overruled.
fadnavis, meanwhile, has clarified: government has only given in-principle approval to the survey the foreshore land and to give cadastral survey number to the land parcel determined as a result of the survey.
the developability of the land parcel shall be subject to the crz laws and mumbais development regulations.
an noc from the environment department had been obtained before giving the in-principle approval.
there is no illegality or favouritism done.
a private slum developer, dlpl infrastructure llp, has already submitted a project for in-situ redevelopment of slum structures that have cropped up after illegal reclamation of a portion of the same foreshore land.
roger federer reacts during his mens singles final match against spains rafael nadal.
reuters roger federer reacts during his mens singles final match against spains rafael nadal.
reutersroger federer prevailed 6-4 3-6 6-1 3-6 6-3 against rafael nadal to win his fifth australian open and clinch his first grand slam title in four-and-a-half years.
the 35-year-old capped his triumphant return from knee surgery with a record-extending 18th major title after a vintage battle with his spanish rival, who had won all three of their previous meetings at melbourne park.
roger federer will be back in the top 10 when the new rankings are declared on monday.
read full story here.
bjp releases manifesto for goa polls; focus on jobs, tourismgoa chief minister lakshmikant parsekar with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and other bjp leaders releasing the partys manifest for goa assembly polls in panaji on sunday.
pti photo goa chief minister lakshmikant parsekar with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and other bjp leaders releasing the partys manifest for goa assembly polls in panaji on sunday.
pti photothe ruling-bjp on sunday released its manifesto for the goa assembly elections next month, promising that it will make the state unemployment free in five years if voted to power again.
the manifesto was released by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in the presence of his goan counterpart laxmikant parsekar, union ayush minister shripad naik and other party leaders.
read more101 candidates with pending criminal cases contesting punjab assembly electionsshiromani akali dal president and punjab deputy chief minister sukhbir singh badal releases the partys manifesto for upcoming punjab assembly elections in ludhiana on tuesday.
pti photo shiromani akali dal president and punjab deputy chief minister sukhbir singh badal releases the partys manifesto for upcoming punjab assembly elections in ludhiana on tuesday.
pti photoas many as 101 (9 per cent) out of the total 1,145 candidates contesting punjab elections have pending criminal cases against them, including 12 candidates from the aam aadmi party (aap).
data released by the association of democratic reforms (adr) and punjab election watch (pew) here on sunday reveals that 78 candidates have serious criminal cases pending against them, wherein four candidates are facing murder charges, 11 were booked under attempt to murder, and six face are accused of committing crimes against women.
akhilesh-rahul bonhomie reflects in road showuttar pradesh chief minister and newly appointed party president akhilesh yadav with congress vice president rahul gandhi in a road show in lucknow on sunday.
pti photo uttar pradesh chief minister and newly appointed party president akhilesh yadav with congress vice president rahul gandhi in a road show in lucknow on sunday.
pti photocongress vice-president rahul gandhi and samajwadi party chief and up chief minister akhilesh yadav were showered with rose petals and garlands as their joint road show slowly made its way through a 12-km stretch in lucknow.
boosting the morale of their supporters and signalling unity, the two leaders stood on a custom-built platform above the up vijay rath started the road show from the gpo park in hazratganj after garlanding the statue of mahatma gandhi.
read moretrumps immigration order: google co-founder sergey brin joins protesters at san francisco international airportsergey brin, google co-founder.
sergey brin, google co-founder.
google co-founder and president of alphabet, sergey brin expressed disappointment over president donald trumps executive order on denying entry into the us to refugees traveling from several muslim-dominant countries.
brin joined hundreds of protesters agitating against the ban at san francisco international airport.
brin, in a statement to forbess ryan mac said, im here because im a refugee.
trumps order bars nationals of seven muslim-majority countries from entering the us and hundreds of thousands of people gathered at airports across the us to protest the ban.
tight security arrangements have been made at all counting centres.
counting of votes will begin at 10 am.
prashant nadkar tight security arrangements have been made at all counting centres.
counting of votes will begin at 10 am.
prashant nadkarthe election results thursday are all set to be a verdict on whether the development plank pushed by the ruling bjp can withstand the aggression of the anti-demonetisation drive undertaken by rivals shiv sena, congress and ncp in mumbai and the rest of maharashtra.
counting of votes will begin at 10 am.
while sena president uddhav thackeray is trying to assert his partys might in high-stakes mumbai and its cash-rich municipality, the elections turned into a do-or-die battle for chief minister devendrafadnavis who carried the entire burden of bjp campaigning on his shoulders.
for the ncp fighting for survival after the 2014 polls, the election will test the leadership of sharad pawar in western maharashtra where the party has till now enjoyed the leading status in zilla parishad and panchayat samitis, followed by the congress.
watch video | bmc polls: cm fadnavis, uddhav thackeray with family cast ballotthe elections to ten municipal corporations, 25 zilla parishads and 283 panchayat samitis conducted in two phases across vidarbha, marathwada, western maharashtra, north maharashtra and konkan have assumed the status of a mini-vidhan sabha poll.
mumbai, which turned into a battleground between fadnavis and thackeray, holds the key to state politics.
the question being discussed most is what will be the impact of the mumbai polls on the bjp-sena coalition government in the state.
in the last 48 hours, top leadership of the bjp has tried to put across a message that the differences were confined to the civic elections, and that there was no enmity between the two parties, and no threat to the state government.
state bjp chief raosaheb danve, who called on thackeray to invite him to his sons wedding next month, said, shiv sena and bjp have cordial relations.
speaking to the indian express, a senior sena leader said, dont mix politics with government.
but surely sena will retain its assertive character post elections.
a party minister added, irrespective of the results, we want to convey that bjp should stop taking us for granted.
watch video | bmc polls: b-town celebs subhash ghai, vishal dadlani, shraddha kapoor cast their votesit is being speculated that the former allies in the bmc will again join hands with some workable common minimum agenda in case of a fractured mandate.
the possibility of sena seeking new political parties to isolate bjp appears difficult as the congress and the ncp cannot be seen in coalition with sena in the bmc and fighting them in the assembly and lok sabha elections later in 2019.
the electoral outcome can, however, make or wreck the politics of several established leaders in all parties across the states.
if the ncp fails to retain its number one position in western maharashtra, it would reflect on the top leadership.
former deputy chief minister ajit pawar is for the first time facing a tough fight in pune and pimpri-chinchwad, which registered the highest polling of 67 per cent tuesday.
watch video | bmc polls: varun dhawan not allowed to vote as name missing from voter listin solapur, former home minister sushilkumar shinde of the congress is struggling to retain the unchallenged municipal corporation.
on the other hand, former chief minister prithviraj chavan finds the going tough in his assembly constituency of karad.
in ahmednagar, leader of opposition of the legislative assembly radhakrishna vikhe-patil (congress) had to face challenge within from another congress leader balasaheb thorat.
former finance minister jayant patil was taking on the bjp, which is set to make inroads in sangli for the first time.
in the zilla parishad polls, the congress (4,238) and the ncp (518) that claimed the top two positions, respectively, last time are facing challenge from within besides the bjp and the sena.
overall, the bjp, which was in fourth position with 187 zilla parishads seats, faces the formidable task to rise up the political ladder.
in the ruling bjp too, senior minister chandrakant patil (kolapur), pankaja munde (beed), danve (jalna) and a few other leaders are fighting to hold their home turf.
keeping a checkeven the powerful uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath does not have a completely free hand.
back in march, adityanath had informed the media he would like awanish awasthi, an ias officer who had served as district magistrate of gorakhpur, to be his principal secretary.
a month later, the media was informed that awasthi, who graduated from iit kanpur, would take over as soon as he was relieved by the central government, as he is currently a joint secretary in the ministry of social justice and empowerment.
however, on may 19, it was announced that a up-based ias officer, shashi prakash goyal, would be yogis principal secretary.
shahenshahat amit shahs luncheon meeting with senior delhi print media journalists on the third anniversary of the modi government last sunday, he was the cynosure of all eyes.
shah had insisted that top cabinet ministers attend the interaction, at which media in-charge g v l narasimha rao first made a power point presentation.
but the ministers spoke very little.
home minister rajnath singh sat glumly all through and gave non-committal answers to questions on kashmir and the up law and order problems.
the normally articulate and witty venkaiah naidu, the information and broadcasting minister, was uncharacteristically subdued.
minister for external affairs sushma swaraj said she would speak on policy matters on her ministry only at her annual press conference, but she did attempt to make polite conversation with journalists at her table.
shah alone held forth, surrounded on all sides by journalists anxious to catch every last word he uttered.
whether it was on the presidential candidate, cow-slaughter ban or up, shah talked down to his guests, sometimes cutting the scribes short without letting them complete their questions.
despite his brusqueness, shah appears to have been a big hit with tv journalists judging by a photograph taken a day earlier at a similar interaction.
the photo which shows scribes gazing at shah with wide-eyed admiration has gone viral on the social media, with the caption pr karna to darna kya.
no age limit to follythere was a last-minute hitch at the wagah border when uzma ahmed, the indian woman allegedly forced to marry by a pakistani man at gunpoint, was returning to india.
pakistani officials, including an isi operative, wanted to interrogate her, claiming she was an indian agent.
officers from the indian embassy who were accompanying her were fearful that ahmed might be detained, despite a pakistan court order permitting her to return home.
but ahmed held her own during the lengthy grilling.
a pakistani officer asserted that a 30-year-old would not be so bewakoof (foolish) as to come all the way from india to meet a man in the interiors of pakistan whom she barely knew.
ahmed responded bluntly that foolishness has no age limit.
better connectedbihar chief minister nitish kumar skipped sonia gandhis lunch meeting for discussing a joint opposition challenge against the bjps presidential candidate, but turned up the next day in delhi for a lunch with prime minister narendra modi.
he dismissed speculation that he was distancing himself from the opposition or trying to get closer to modi.
kumar said he was keen to attend the lunch because the chief guest was pravind jugnauth, the newly elected prime minister of mauritius.
jugnauth, like some 40 per cent of mauritiuss population, has bihari roots and nitish is keen for his state to benefit from the mauritius connection.
the pm had a similar idea and selected minister of state for hrd upendra kushwaha as jugnauths minister in waiting during his visit.
kushwaha is not just a bihari, he is also from the same community as jugnauth.
sixty completedin maharashtra, when a man completes 60 years (shashti purti), all are expected to take part in the festivities.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis organised the function for minister of road transport and shipping nitin gadkari when he entered his 61st year last week, in nagpur.
the guests cut across party lines.
sharad pawar, sushil kumar shinde, narayan rane and praful patel were all on the dais, along with the chief ministers of madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh.
the guests were surprised that bjp president amit shah, listed on top in the invitation card, did not show up.
the card was printed well in advance and shah at the last minute asked to be excused saying he had to address the delhi media on three years of modi rule.
two days later, shah visited the rss headquarters in nagpur.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday issued a stern warning to district administrations to shed their complacency in reaching out to people adversely affected by drought.
advertisingfadnavis held a video conference with village sarpanches of jalna and aurangabad districts in marathwada region.
issuing new directives, he said: tehsildars should directly report to the cm if they find the number of water tankers deployed in villages are less than sanctioned or required in drought-hit talukas.
they should also closely monitor and report on the relief measures to ensure adequate water and fodder is provided in their talukas.
also read | maharashtra govt steps up mnrega enrolment drive to check migration from drought-hit areasdirecting village sarpanches to become pro-active, the cm also told the district administration to consider the population census of 2018 while providing drought relief measures.
deployment of tankers should be commensurate with the increased population of villages.
advertisingthe directives were issued reportedly after several complaints were lodged from villages accusing district officials of planning drought mitigation measures on the basis of 2011 census.
also read | mns demands immediate drought relief measuresthis, the complaints said, had caused a gap between the plans and the actual requirement, especially in the number of water tankers.
while speaking on the crop loan waiver in the state legislative assembly, fadnavis said, i held talks with shiv sena president uddhav thackeray and explained our governments commitment to a lasting solution and not just a one-time loan waiver to make farmers economically prosperous.
the states foremost concern is to bring the 31 lakh farmers reeling under debt within the crop loan credit bracket.
we have urged the centre to evolve an institutional mechanism to facilitate farmers to avail fresh loans and also enhance their repaying capacity, he said.
making it clear that any loan waiver wont be extended to more than one-crore farmers who have repaying capacity or are not defaulters, he said, more than one crore farmers holding back loan repayment or dues in the hope of a loan waiver is illogical and would lead to a breakdown of financial institutions, including the district cooperative bank network.
referring to the senas criticism of the rs 40,000-crore maharashtra prosperity corridor (nagpur-mumbai super communication expressway), he said, it is not about just an eight-lane road stretched across 707 km.
the projects passing through 24 districts and construction of 22 nodes (townships) with agriculture as the theme is for promoting agriculture and allied services.
the proximity of 24 districts to ports would boost farmers income.
the projects would bridge the rural-urban wedge, providing new employment avenues to farmers, he added.
dwelling on the challenges in the agriculture sector which has registered a 12.
5 per cent growth in 2016-17, he said, while 45 to 55 per cent population depend on agriculture, it is not commensurate with the growth.
which means the statistics of population dependence is artificial or taken for granted.
at the most, the dependence on agriculture cannot exceed 25 to 30 per cent.
thus, we have to provide new avenues to accommodate the aspirations of a larger population through agro-industries to allied activities by making higher investments and also better market linkages.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis stated in the legislative council wednesday there was a possibility of gutter water being used to cultivate vegetables along the suburban railway tracks in mumbai.
he also claimed that the government had given directions to the railway authorities to ensure that clean water was used by contractors cultivating crops along railway lines.
a question was raised in the legislative council over the harmful effects of vegetables cultivated along railway tracks in the city and the steps that taken by the state government to regulate this.
under a scheme started in 1975, the suburban railways had allowed leasing of land along railway lines to grow crops.
the move aimed to save these land from encroachment.
these contracts, for nearly 400 acres, were mainly given to former railway employees.
however, there have been rising concerns that the vegetables are being grown using dirty water, which makes the produce harmful for consumption.
we cannot rule out the possibility that gutter water is being used to cultivate these crops, fadnavis said in a written reply to a question raised in the upper house.
he, however, claimed that there was no concrete proof that consumption of these vegetables might lead to cancer, diabetes and other ailments.
we have given directions to the railways that they should ensure the usage of clean water for cultivation before they grant permissions for such cultivation, fadnavis said.
photo taken for representational purpose photo taken for representational purposein a bid to bring in reforms in the mgnrega from august 15, the state government has prepared a draft proposal listing 15 projects that can be taken up under the scheme, to generate more employment and create rural assets.
the annual budget under egs for the 15 initiatives proposed is rs 10,000 crore.
it would be enforced in all 28,000 gram panchayats across the state.
the projects include farm ponds, irrigation wells, village ponds, desilting of water conservation projects, rural toilets, vermi-compost, setting up nurseries, tree plantation, construction of rural houses and cow sheds, among others.
the cabinet minister for employment guarantee scheme (egs), jaikumar rawal said, maharashtras performance in implementing mgnrega has not been very satisfactory.
in the past seven years, we have spent only rs 8,000 crore.
madhya pradesh has spent rs 25,000 crore in the same period.
rawal said the government intends to link the work undertaken in mgnrega to creating permanent assets.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , too, has emphasised on the need for greater investment in rural sectors to create new work opportunities and provide infrastructure to farmers.
funds for the mgnrega are shared between the centre and states on a 60:40 basis.
to utilise the scheme better, maharashtra has now decided to relax norms and incorporate new features under the title swabhimani prakalp, to engage youths, senior citizens and women to take up work in their villages.
the proposal mentions that the state has been facing problems in getting people to work as labourers, as rural youth prefer to seek employment elsewhere instead of sweating on road construction.
earlier, there were rigid norms, which also discouraged people to take up jobs under the mnrega.
taking a cue from other states that have amended norms to cater to their populations requirements within the parameters specified by the centre, maharashtra has decided to budget rural projects in a time-bound manner.
rawal said, to begin with, we will launch 1.
11 lakh irrigation wells and 1.
11 lakh farm ponds.
the state has decided to increase its forest area through massive tree plantation drive, and will bring work for this under egs.
mgnrega workers will also be involved in constructing fisheries ponds.
some of these schemes would be interlinked with the departments concerned.
after mumbai police commissioner sanjay barve, it is now the turn of the states topmost bureaucrat to receive an extended tenure.
mantralaya sources said that chief secretary ajoy mehta, who is set to retire this month-end, is likely to get at least a three-month extension in view of the upcoming assembly elections.
mehta, who belongs to the 1984-batch of ias, is upbeat about it.
meanwhile the race to name mehtas successor is also hotting up with additional chief secretary (home) sanjay kumar (1984 batch) and mumbai civic commissioner praveen pardeshi (1985) seen as the top contenders.
advertisingsecurity scaresparking concerns over the security arrangements at mantralaya yet again, a woman was found roaming in the corridors of the state secretariat at 1.
30 am last wednesday.
while cops who questioned her said that nothing suspicious was found, some senior bureaucrats have raised questions on how someone could go unnoticed when security personnel have been stationed on each floor.
a senior cop said that this isnt the first time when such a breach had come to light.
security arrangements at mantralaya were tightened in 2018 after a visitor had committed suicide by jumping from the fifth floor.
giving it a misswhen union women and child development minister smriti irani visited mumbai this past week to inaugurate the one-stop centre for sexual assault survivors at the civic-run king edward memorial hospital in parel, the absence of maharashtras wcd minister pankaja munde was well noticed.
mundes own department was the coordination agency for the function and has played a key role in the setting up of the centre.
this isnt the first time munde has skipped a function of irani.
according to sources, she stayed away from a meeting convened by irani to review the progress of various wcd-related projects recently.
at that time, chief minister devendrafadnavis had filled in for her.
beating retreatsenior ncp leader chhagan bhujbal was in the spotlight yet again this past week.
after staying away from the partys meetings and election rallies in nashik last month, he showed up for the partys september 4 core committee meeting at pune.
the meeting was to finalise the first list of probables for the upcoming poll.
bhujbal once again denied reports that he had been in touch with the shiv sena, but sources confirmed that the former deputy chief minister had been forced to stay back, after the shiv senas leadership gave up on a plan to induct bhujbal and his son, pankaj, on account of opposition from within.
sources also confirmed that during the ncps meeting, his renomination from yeola was finalised.
giving it upshiv senas heir apparent aditya thackeray has been at the forefront of the protest against the cutting of trees in the aarey milk colony for metro rail construction work, but his father, uddhav, on saturday diluted the partys stance on the issue by remaining present on the dais for the bhoomipujan of the metro rail bhavan (also at aarey).
prime minister narendra modi had presided over the function.
desperate to firm up a pre-poll pact with the bjp, the senior thackeray gave up on the partys opposition to the construction to share the dais with modi.
we are not hungry for power.
but we want power to serve people, he said, while speaking at the function.
b'shinde, in his felicitation speech, said he was against celebrating his birthday and preferred to spend time with family.
(source: file) shinde, in his felicitation speech, said he was against celebrating his birthday and preferred to spend time with family.
(source: file)felicitating former union minister and senior congress leader sushilkumar shinde on his 75th birthday in solapur, president pranab mukherjee sunday said it was the democratic system that has provided an opportunity for those from humble backgrounds to hold high offices.
politicians such as shinde, who have humble origins, have achieved their set objectives.
we must celebrate this strength provided by our democracy.
i have come here to felicitate shinde, not as a friend or colleague but for this story of struggle, mukherjee said as he reminisced shindes achievements.
by overcoming the odds of an extremely humble background and various handicaps without bitterness, shinde, he said, rose and to one of the highest positions in the countrythis shows his steely mind, single-mindedness, courage and determination.
his story is the story of india.
india too has overcome many difficulties such as backwardness, illiteracy, disease and ignorance.
it is the shining example of the success of indian democracy.
shinde stands out as an inspiration for millions in our country, the president said.
governor c vidyasagar rao said shinde rose to ranks because he has exceptional qualities of working without any interest and no bitterness against anyone in mind.
the hanging of terrorist ajmal kasab was done during his tenure as union home minister, he said lauding him for taking tough decisions.
he added that shinde should also get active like the way ncp chief sharad pawar got active in the state after he turned 75 the ncp chief is touring all district of states.
the same should be done by shinde though it is not in our interest, he quipped.
earlier, ncp supremo sharad pawar recalled the days when he noticed the spark in shinde during college days and decided to support him in politics i met shinde when he was a college student and i realised that he has a personality that provides ability to lead the stat, said pawar.
shinde, meanwhile, in his felicitation speech, said he was against celebrating his birthday and preferred to spend time with family.
this time the president was invited for my felicitation on my birthday even before i was informed of it.
i agreed for it on the condition that the function should be held in solapur, from where my story began, he said.
i have never asked for any responsibilities from the party but got the best of it, shinde said.
shinde was first elected to the state assembly in 1978 and has been legislator for six times.
he was twice elected to the rajya sabha.
he was the chief minister of the state and was appointed the governor of andhra pradesh, before taking over as union power minister and then union home minister.
shinde recalled his struggles of working as a babysitter to being in the state police and practicing law later.
mns chief raj thackeray and ncp chief sharad pawar cast their vote in mumbai today.
express photo mns chief raj thackeray and ncp chief sharad pawar cast their vote in mumbai today.
express photothe brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), with 227 municipal wards, is going to polls on tuesday.
the polling began at 7.
30 am and will close at 5.
30 pm.
the results will be declared on february 23.
holding the status of the biggest municipal corporation in the country, bmc will witness competitive elections with 2,275 candidates in the fray for 227 seats.
along with the bmc, nine other civic bodies will go to polls in maharashtra.
watch video | bmc polls: cm fadnavis, uddhav thackeray with family cast ballotbmc elections 2017 live updates below:5:30 pm 52.
17 per cent polling recorded till 5.
30 pm4:50 pm voting percentage till 3:30 pm is 41.
32 per cent2:30 pm: 41 per cent voter turnout has been recorded in central mumbai till 1:30 pm.
its highest so far.
the overall voter turnout in the bmc polls till 1.
30 pm is 32.
1 per cent.
2:25 pm: sec figures show that over 15 lakh mumbaikars have cast a vote to their franchise till 11:30 am.
the figures showed that while there were about 9.
6 lakh men, 5.
4 lakh women and 16 transgenders had cast their votes before noon on tuesday.
2:12 pm:#bmcelection: a bridegroom, mahesh nawale casts his vote before marriage at navbharat vidyalaya in parel, mumbai.
pic.
twitter.com/w4zeeraxpx  ani (@ani_news) february 21, 20171:46 pm: voting percentage has been relatively low in south mumbai till now.
meanwhile, the reports of people not being able to vote continue to be coming from different parts.
this may affect the overall voting percentage.
people who were not able to cast their vote.
express photo people who were not able to cast their vote.
express photo1:27 pm: actor anushka sharma posted a picture on her twitter handle in the morning.
started my morning by casting my http://t.
co/z817hxxwb7 is our duty towards our country & its progress.
pls go out&vote #votekarmaharashtra pic.
twitter.com/fgxgxjkecv  anushka sharma (@anushkasharma) february 21, 20171:20 pm: there are several reports of people not being able to vote because their name was missing from the voters list.
actor varun dhawan and bjp member shaina nc also experienced the same issue.
a number of people have come to meet returning officer of their ward to highlight the issue.
here is a photo an elderly couple with their voter id cards who were not able to caste their vote.
1:00 pm: an elderly woman voter arrives at polling booth in ward number 213 of kamattipura in mumbai to cast her vote.
(express photo)12:55 pm: 16.
40 per cent of voter turnout has been reported till 11:30 pm.
12:45 pm: cricketer and rajya sabha mp sachin tendulkar arrived at a polling booth in mumbai along with his wife.
meanwhile, actor varun dhawan expressed his disappointment over not being able to cast his vote.
shiv sena leader sanjay raut also cast his vote at a polling booth in bhandup east.
(ani photos)12:30 pm:mumbai: varun dhawan arrived to cast his vote at polling booth in bandra, says upsetting that i couldnt find my name on the voter list pic.
twitter.com/0rtnpz8tqi  ani (@ani_news) february 21, 201712:05 pm: shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray has now reached outside a polling booth in bandra east to cast his vote.
he is accompanied by his wife and son.
shiv sena has the most number of seats in bmc and is banking upon the marathi votes to improve its seat count in 2017 elections.
the party was in alliance with bjp but is fighting alone this time.
11:40 am: bjps shaina nc, who could not find her name in the voters list, was helped by the authorities and cast her vote.
(ani photo)11:30 am: a woman casts her vote at r s nimkar marg, kamathipura in mumbai11:20 am:mumbai: shiv senas manohar joshi casts his vote at a polling booth in shivaji park.
#bmcelections pic.
twitter.com/1iparfxg8d  ani (@ani_news) february 21, 201711:10 am: bollywood actress rekha casts her vote at a polling booth in mumbais bandra.
earlier, paresh rawal also cast his vote in mumbai while suniel shetty took to twitter and appealed to everyone to exercise their right.
10:55 am:mumbai: film director and screenwriter zoya akhtar casts her vote at a polling booth in bandra.
#bmcelections pic.
twitter.com/7liyoemgup  ani (@ani_news) february 21, 201710:50 am: chief minister devendrafadnavis emerged as the face of bjp during its campaign for civic elections across maharashtra.
in an interview with indian express, he speaks on the tie-up with shiv sena, possibility of any post-poll alliance and the chances of his party in mumbai and other civic bodies going to polls tuesday.
to read the interview  click here10:20 am: shaina nc of bhartiya janata party (bjp) arrived at napeansea road polling booth in mumbai on cycle.
although, she could not vote because her name was not on the voters list.
bmc elections: shaina nc of bhartiya janata party (bjp) arrived at napeansea road polling booth bmc elections: shaina nc of bhartiya janata party (bjp) arrived at napeansea road polling booth10:15 am: maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief raj thackeray has reached a polling booth in mumbai accompanied by his mother, wife and renowned singer padmaja fenani.
raj thackerays mns won on 27 seats in 2012 bmc elections and 7 in 2007 elections.
he cast his vote at a polling station in shivaji park.
maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief raj thackeray at a polling booth.
express photo maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief raj thackeray at a polling booth.
express photoread | brihanmumbai municipal corporation civic polls: everything you need to know10:08 am: mumbai bjp chief ashish shelar casts his vote.
people continue to queue up outside the polling stations across mumbai and other parts of the state where civic body elections are being held.
9:56 am: people stand outside polling boothexpress photo by amit chakravarty express photo by amit chakravarty9:50 am: ncp chief sharad pawar cast his vote at booth number 11 mahalaxmi, mumbaiexpress photos by nirmal harindran express photos by nirmal harindran9:32 am: municipal commissioner of mumbai ajoy mehta casts his vote at polling booth number 214 (18), located at mumbais pedder road.
ani photo ani photo9:26 am: bjp mp kirit somaiya casts his vote along with his family in mumbai9:21 am: some voters are confused because there is no booth number on slips provided to them by bmc.
9:20 am: actor suniel shetty tweets, urges everyone to vote in bmc elections 2017.
9:10 am: deepak parekh, chairman of hdfc casts his vote.
demonetisation has nothing to do with these polls, we need to move on, news agency ani quotes him as saying.
ani photo ani photo9:05 am: actor paresh rawal casts his vote.
heres the list of actors who may not cast their votes this year:aamir khan  outdoor shoothrithik roshan  outdoor shootanupam kher  cape townrishi kapoor  hong kongjaved akhtar and shabana azmi  bangalorearjun kapoor  londonsanjay dutt  agraajay devgn  jodhpuremraan hashmi  jodhpurdia mirza  outdoor shootsaif ali khan  delhikangana ranaut- delhiakshay kumar  bhopalpriyanka chopra  usa9:00 am: mumbai police tweets appealing people to come out and voteto be (at the polling booth) or not to be.
that is the question (only you can answer.
)#beasportandvote #vote pic.
twitter.com/vlnbomojwv  mumbai police (@mumbaipolice) february 21, 20178:50 am: queue outside polling stationexpress photo by amit chakravarty express photo by amit chakravarty8:43 am:mumbai: senior citizens cast their vote at polling booth number 214(18) at peddar road.
pic.
twitter.com/id7lra6mmp  ani (@ani_news) february 21, 20178:35 am:mumbai: last night, police seized large amount of liquor hoarded in 2 cars, ahead of todays #bmcelection pic.
twitter.com/ecytnejxmp  ani (@ani_news) february 21, 20178:20 am:mumbai: tina ambani casts her vote at a polling booth in colaba, says she voted for good work in mumbai city #bmcelection pic.
twitter.com/o2xj9iphio  ani (@ani_news) february 21, 20178:15 am: people gather in queues outside polling booth in mumbaiexpress photo by amit chakravarty express photo by amit chakravarty8:00 am:mumbai: polling underway at a polling booth located in bandras navjeevan vidyamandir school #bmcelection pic.
twitter.com/ou5jhzsto6  ani (@ani_news) february 21, 20177:50 am: out of the total 227 seats, the shiv sena currently has 75, congress 52, bjp 31, mns 28, ncp 13 and others 28.
7:40 am:nagpur: rss chief mohan bhagwat casts his vote at a polling booth in bharat mahila vidyalaya #bmcelection pic.
twitter.com/ffgiyz9efg  ani (@ani_news) february 21, 20177:38 am: polling begins in bmc and nine other civic bodies of maharashtra.
7:35 am:elections to #bmc & nine other civic bodies in maharashtra to be held today.
preparations underway at a booth on mumbais pedder road.
pic.
twitter.com/cjqov9v08i  ani (@ani_news) february 21, 20177:30 am:#topstory-voting in #civicbodypolls to start in multiple cities of maharashtra at 7.
30am.
people queue up at a booth on mumbais pedder road pic.
twitter.com/2bsevjhbnm  ani (@ani_news) february 21, 20177:10 am: asaduddin owaisis aimim is contesting the civic polls for the first time.
the party has fielded 59 candidates in these elections.
to read more on this  click here7:00 am: the polling for bmc elections is expected to start at 7:30 am.
the major political parties contesting bmc polls are the bharatiya janata party (bjp), shiv sena, indian national congress (inc), nationalist congress party (ncp), maharashtra navnirman sena (mns), samajwadi party, bsp and others.
more than 7,297 polling centres and over 1.
95 crore voters across the state are entitled to exercise their franchise to choose representatives for ten-city corporations.
on june 2, 2014, mohsin was heading home after offering prayers at a masjid in hadapsar, when he was allegedly attacked by the accused who were protesting against the circulation of objectionable pictures of shivaji maharaj and bal thackeray.
on june 2, 2014, mohsin was heading home after offering prayers at a masjid in hadapsar, when he was allegedly attacked by the accused who were protesting against the circulation of objectionable pictures of shivaji maharaj and bal thackeray.
a pune-based legal group advocacy association has filed an application before the chief justice of the bombay high court (hc), seeking quashing of the bail order passed by justice mrudula bhatkar in mohsin shaikh murder case.
in an order dated january 12, 2017, justice bhatkar had granted bail to accused vijay rajendra gambhire, ganesh, alias ranjeet shankar yadav, and ajay dilip lalge.
those granted bail are among the 21 hindu rashtra sena (hrs) activists, besides their leader dhanajay jayram desai alias bhai, who were arrested for the alleged murder of mohsin  a muslim techie who worked for a firm in pune.
watch what else is making news:on june 2, 2014, mohsin was heading home with a friend, riyaz ahmed mubarak shendure, after offering prayers at a masjid in hadapsar around 9.
15 pm, when he was allegedly attacked by the accused who were protesting against the circulation of objectionable pictures of shivaji maharaj and bal thackeray.
the accused had allegedly attended a meeting prior to the incident, in which desai had allegedly delivered a provoking speech.
on january 12, justice bhatkar had observed, the fault of the deceased was only that he belonged to another religion.
i consider this factor in favour of the applicants/accused.
moreover, the applicants/ accused do not have any criminal record and it appears that in the name of the religion, they were provoked and have committed the murder.
advocate tosif shaikh, president of advocacy group, said, we are not against the court granting bail to the accused.
but we are against the observations given by the judge.
we believe that such decision by courts will create an unhealthy precedence in the country.
it goes against constitutional morality, criminal jurisprudence and human values.
so we have filed an application on january 24 demanding the chief justice to intervene suo moto and quash the bail order.
meanwhile, mohsins father, mohammed sadiq shaikh, has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis , seeking appointment of ujjwal nikam as a public prosecutor to oppose bail petition of the main accused, dhananjay desai.
desais bail application is scheduled to be heard by the bombay high court on february 1.
with just over two months to go for the vidhan sabha elections, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray said the party will hold a protest march against insurance companies, providing insurance cover for crops, over the non-payment of farmers claims.
the march will be held in mumbai next week.
advertisingthe farm loan waiver and crop insurance are good schemes.
despite a change in government, the implementing authorities are the same.
that is why these schemes are not reaching the farmers.
last month, we had warned insurance companies asking them to clear farmers claims.
now, we have decided to hold a token protest against these companies on july 17 in bandra kurla complex, said uddhav, addressing the media at the sena headquarters in dadar.
the sena chief said though his party was in power, he felt the party also had the responsibility to ask the government to rectify discrepancies in these schemes.
there is only one insurance company in bkc.
the token protest is to send out a warning to all the insurance companies with branches in mumbai, pune and other cities.
this is not a farmers march but a march for the farmers.
if they do not clear the claims, we will give them an answer in our style, he added.
advertisinguddhav also said banks should place boards outside their branches, listing farmers who have benefited from the farm loan waiver.
the issues of holding a special parliament session to discuss agricultural issues and setting up of a farmers welfare commission will also be taken up soon, he added.
however, uddhav said he did not plan to visit pandharpur to perform the official puja of vitthala, the state deity, along with chief minister devendrafadnavis who performs it annually.
(express photo/janak rathod)chief minister devendrafadnavis said in the maharashtra assembly on tuesday: there is not a single document or evidence to substantiate the role of sambhaji bhide in the koregaon bhima incident.
on january 1 this year, lakhs of dalits had assembled to celebrate the 200th anniversary of the battle of bhima koregaon.
in clashes that followed between dalits and marathas, one person died.
fadnavis said the investigation into all aspects of the violence, including hindutva leader bhides call records for the last six months, have not yielded any positive signs of his covert or overt role in the violence.
while asserting that his government would not spare anybody found guilty in the clashes, fadnavis said, to ascertain the truth, call records of bhide for the last six months were checked along with his locations and movements.
even his close associates movements and acts were probed to find if there was any link to koregaon bhima.
read | koregaon-bhima violence: fadnavis vows stern action against those found guiltyhe said the state government has kept the investigation open-ended and whatever information or evidence comes forward, would be probed.
giving out a stern message about his governments intolerance towards violence or communal clashes, fadnavis said, anybody found guilty would be punished.
even if it is a member of my own family.
earlier, another right-wing leader milind ekbote was arrested, for his alleged role in the same clashes, due to the maharashtra governments initiative, he asserted.
after investigation by the state police, the administration ensured that ekbote did not get interim bail from the district, sessions and the high courts.
even when he appealed in the supreme court and got anticipatory bail, the state government sought the help of the attorney-general of india to secure his custodial interrogation, he said.
therefore, there was no question of the government letting out anybody in the bhima koregaon incident which was highly condemnable, said the chief minister.
fadnavis also said the government had deployed adequate police force, led by a team of top police officers and special riot control squads, at the venue, on the day the violence broke out.
on the alleged eyewitness account of a woman who had named sambhaji bhide, he said, the woman had revealed during investigation that she had cited the name of bhide based on hearsay and had never met or seen him at koregaon bhima .
denying intelligence failure or lack of policing, fadnavis said, the government had expected a large turnout and had accordingly made preparations.
read | 20,000 dalits gather at azad maidan, demand sambhaji bhides arrestthe dalits who walked to the jaystambh, or victory memorial, in perne to mark the battles anniversary were provided a dedicated lane along with the police force.
the chief minister said that a group of people, allegedly residents of koregaon bhima, raised slogans of jai shivaji, which invited counter-slogans from the dalits.
this led to friction, he said.
a group started vandalising vehicles in nearby parking lots where police were in lesser number compared to other locations.
there was stone-pelting from both sides, the chief minister said.
but despite the violence, police and the administration ensured safe return of people to their respective villages and homes, fadnavis told the house.
the entire incident has been captured on cctv and videos, which police have procured, he said.
he said 1,199 people have been arrested.
he pegged the damage incurred due to the violence to around rs 13.
80 crore.
the anti-atrocities act was slapped against 17 people, he said.
chief minister of maharastra devendra fadnavis.
(file.
express photo by deepak joshi) chief minister of maharastra devendra fadnavis.
(file.
express photo by deepak joshi)stressing that maharashtra has started changing under the bjp, chief minister devendrafadnavis today appealed to people to show opponents of development their place even as he hailed the proposed mumbai-nagpur superhighway, saying it will make farmers rich.
interestingly, the bjps bickering alliance partner shiv sena had earlier taunted the cm on the ambitious project, named as samruddhi corridor.
watch what else is making news?
maharashtra has started changing its face for the better.
but some are opposing the governments developmental projects.
its time to show them their place, the cm said while addressing a gathering of over 15,000 graduates after bjp nominee and sitting mlc ranjit patil filed his nomination papers for february 3 legislative council polls.
the elections will be held five graduates and teachers constituencies.
besides, ten municipal corporations including mumbai, 25 zilla parishads and 283 panchayat samitis in state are scheduled to go to polls next month.
dwelling on the efforts for industrial and skill development across the state, especially in vidarbha and marathwada, fadnavis said largescale industrialisation is needed to provide jobs to youths.
he said maharashtra was earlier lagging behind in foreign investment but hectic efforts in the last couple of years ensured the state attracted 50  of total foreign investment in country.
in terms of foreign investment, maharashtra is number one with an investment of rs 68,000 crore whereas delhi stood next with an investment of rs 13,000 crore followed by karnataka with an investment of rs 4000 crore, fadnavis said.
he said maharashtra has become the best state for industry in country.
the cm said yavatmal and buldana will have textile parks on the lines of amravati and akola in future.
an orange processing plant in morshi, a joint venture of coca cola and jain irrigation, would create agro market for local oranges as the 80  pulp which coca cola used to import from america, would now be locally made, he said.
on the occasion, the cm hailed the proposed 700-km samruddhi corridor, a flagship infrastructure project of his government.
maharashtras industrial progress is confined to nasik, pune and mumbai only as they have port connectivity.
we have decided to give port connectivity to farmers of vidarbha through the proposed nagpur-mumbai krishi samruddhi super express highway, which would enable farmers to take their goods to the ports in just eight hours, he said.
this highway will create a revolution in agro-based industry.
as gas and petroleum pipelines will be laid under this highway, gas-based industry too will come to vidarbha.
farmers will become rich as they will be the partners in the project, the cm said.
he said the opponents of this project are against development.
the time is now ripe to show them their place.
fadnavis said education scenario has started looking up under his government.
the state was languishing at 16th place in education.
we started shaikshanik maharashtra abhiyan and through it improved the learning output of 17,000 schools to 100 per cent.
as a result, the state has now jumped to number 3 place, he said.
the cm said his government has already decided to give 20  grant to all unaided schools.
we are serious about the teachers working at non-aided schools, he added.
the states irrigated land area has increased by 23 per cent during the last five years, according to the maharashtra government.
advertisingaccording to the latest statistics compiled by the states water resources department, the total irrigated area in the state is now 40 lakh hectares (ha) as of june 30.
in october 2014, when the devendrafadnavis government took over the reins of the state, the same was 32.
5 lakh ha, claimed iqbal singh chahal, principal secretary, water resources department.
in the 2014 assembly polls, a controversy over the actual irrigated potential utilised had rocked the then congress-nationalist congress party government, with allegations of irregularities and wrongdoing raised against senior ncp ministers.
the economic survey report of 2011-12 had also rapped the previous government for poor development in irrigation potential claiming that a total investment of rs 72,000 crore had led to a mere 0.
1 per cent increase in the cropped irrigated area.
explained focus on ongoing projects pays dividends just as the debate rages on why chief minister devendrafadnavis has failed to walk the talk and take action against politicians who were accused by the bjp itself of wrongdoing in irrigation projects taken up during the past regime, his government has focussed on completion of last-mile projects and fast-tracking the construction of canals and sub-canals to ensure more farm area is brought under irrigation.
instead of planning new projects, it has focussed on commissioning of ongoing projects, which appears to be paying dividends.
while the agrarian crisis will be the oppositions main plank in the state polls, the government will counter this by claiming it has achieved much more in the irrigation sector than the previous regime.
now just ahead of the 2019 assembly polls, the devendrafadnavis government has come out with statistics regarding increase in the irrigated land area and additional irrigation potential created.
at a time when back-to-back drought spells have deepened the agrarian crisis in the state, bjp sources confirmed that it plans to project the increase in irrigated area as a major achievement of the government.
advertisingthe water resources department has also claimed that the total irrigation potential has increased to 52.
5 lakh ha (as of june 30) from 48 lakh ha in 2014; which is an over 9 per cent increase.
irrigation potential created is the total farm area which can be irrigated from dam projects on their full utilisation.
in other words, the state government has claimed to have created new potential to irrigate an additional 4.
57 lakh hectare land in the last five years, which it further claimed was 206 per cent more than that the additional potential created between 2009-2014, when the congress-ncp was in power.
between 2009-2014, the additional ip created was 2.
22 lakh hectare, said chahal.
maharashtra has a total cultivable land area of 225 lakh ha.
according to official studies, the maximum surface irrigation potential that can be achieved is 85 lakh ha.
the department has also claimed another 17 lakh hectare farm area was being served by indirect irrigation by wells in the command area.
incidentally, the states agriculture department is opposed to inclusion of area under irrigation by wells in the cropped irrigated area statistics.
in 2014, a high-level committee comprising representatives from both the departments and the revenue department was formed to resolve the difference.
sources confirmed that the committee is yet to submit its report in this regard.
public sector investment in the irrigation sector has been the focal point of the state budgets in the past five years.
the government claims to have invested rs 40,000 crore on capital works in the sector.
our focus was on completion of long pending last mile project and finishing of the water distribution networks so that the stored dam waters can reach the farm.
in 2014, there were 359 pending irrigation projects.
we have so far completed 144 among these.
another 40 will be commissioned before the year-end, said chahal.
eleven out of 26 major irrigation projects being implemented under narendra modis flagship pradhan mantri krishi sinchayee yojana have also completed.
when all of them are completed, an additional potential of 5.
56 lakh ha will be created, an official said.
chahal also listed key policy initiatives taken by the government to fast track land acquisition, laying of the distribution network and clearance to dam projects.
shiv sena executive president uddhav thackeray (express photo by prashant nadkar) shiv sena executive president uddhav thackeray (express photo by prashant nadkar)the congress today asked uddhav thackeray-led shiv sena to come clean on its u-turn on the issue of attending the nda meeting, which was held yesterday in delhi under prime minister narendra modi.
until recently, sena leader sanjay raut was saying that leaders should come to matoshreeuddhavs residence in suburban bandrato discuss the presidential polls.
how is it that uddhav thackeray now goes to delhi and participates in a meeting which endorses narendra modis leadership for 2019 lok sabha polls?
asked maharashtra pradesh congress committee (mpcc) spokesperson sachin sawant.
he was referring to rauts remarks last month that those who want votes in upcoming presidential polls can come to matoshree.
we are ready for a dialogue.
sumptuous food is cooked at matoshree as well, raut had said.
uddhav, who has often targeted the modi government and the bjp, attended the meeting of 33 constituents of nda and addressed the gathering.
at the meeting, leaders of the nda constituents adopted a resolution endorsing modis leadership and his governments policies.
taking a swipe at uddhav, the congress leader asked, what changed overnight that shiv sena changed its stand vis-a-vis the bjp and the central government.
why is (bjp mp) kirit somaiya silent on the issue of alleged corruption (in bmc), which he had raised during the mumbai civic polls?
he demanded that chief minister devendrafadnavis should clarify his agenda of transparency.
somaiya had claimed that he has all documents regarding corruption, but the documents have not reached the chief minister.
if somaiya cant take the documents to the cmo then he should hand them over to us and we will pursue the matter, sawant said.
he accused the bjp-led state government of taking the farmers and consumers for a ride in respect to the maharashtra pulses price (regulation of price and control) bill.
the bill which was cleared by the state cabinet was awaiting clearance of the centre for one year, he said.
even after a year, despite the rise in production, growers of pulses are still not getting good price.
there is no godown to store pulses.
union ministry of agriculture, cooperation and farmers welfare has said that it does not support the proposed bill of the state government, as the existing essential commodities act provides adequate provision to address the issue of hoarding and other illegal activity, hence the proposed bill does not make sense, sawant claimed.
he said that procurement of pulses has stopped at the state-run centres.
the government should distribute the pulses through pds for the consumers, he demanded.
chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (source: file photo) chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (source: file photo)two days after the shiv sena decided to have no pre-poll alliance with the bjp, the latter scaled up its attack.
at an election rally in goregaon in mumbais suburbs.
the fight is against their conduct.
rest assured, we will show them what is the bjps political might, the chief minister said.
fadnavis cautioned the sena not to undermine the political strength of the bjp whose development and transparency agenda, he said, will bring political parivartan in mumbai.
watch what else is making news:we are not hankering for power politics.
it is just a means to bring transformation for emancipation of the poor, middle-class and deprived sections in mumbai and maharashtra, the chief minister said.
while conceding that he tried his best to stitch an alliance for the bmc polls, the chief minister said, senas offer of 60 seats to the bjp was insulting and displayed their unwillingness for a pre-poll alliance.
the bjp was willing to negotiate on seats, but what could not be compromised was the agenda of transparency and non-corruption, he said.
referring to the shiv senas statement that the 25-year alliance with the bjp was a waste, fadnavis said, let us not forget that the architect of that alliance were late sena president bal thackeray and late pramod mahajan.
it evolved on the hindutva plank.
the shiv sena needs to explain to the people of mumbai who were deprived of basic amenities because of their loot and corrupt functioning in the bmc, said the chief minister.
continuing his attack, fadnavis said, the sena has often indulged in emotive politics.
yes, we subscribe to hindutva.
but we believe in the basic mantra of saab ka saath, saab ka vikas.
we believe mumbai belongs to the marathis (sons of the soil).
and nobody can drive them away from the city.
but we cannot undermine the contribution of outsiders whose three generations have lived in mumbai and contributed to its development and growth, he said.
unlike the senas divisive politics, bjp does not endorse politics of caste, community and religion, he said.
on senas campaign did you know, fadnavis said, such compliments should come from aam aadmi.
when you deliver results for a larger public cause, you dont have to blow your own trumpet.
whether it is the coastal road project, 22-km stretch of mumbai trans harbour link, elevated railway corridors, water transport  the initiative has come from my government in the last two years, said the cm.
thackeray memorialmumbai bjp chief ashish shelar on saturday pointed out that the shiv sena poll manifesto has skipped any mention of the memorial to bal thackeray and shivaji.
at bjps poll rally in mumbai, shelar said, unlike shiv sena, we will always remain grateful to bal thackeray.
and we are confident that chief minister devendrafadnavis will take these two memorial projects to its logical end.
mumbai : maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis addresses at an election campaign rally in thane on sunday.
(source: pti) mumbai : maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis addresses at an election campaign rally in thane on sunday.
(source: pti)addressing a bjp booth workers rally in thane, chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday evoked warrior king chhatrapati shivaji and used references from hindu epics to enthuse his party workers and curb discontent over the induction of outsiders.
in an apparent jibe at the shiv sena and the corruption in the bmc, fadnavis said: chhatrapati shivaji said that the welfare of the masses should never be compromised.
while the kings aura should grow among the masses, the generation of wealth should be used for public good.
the king should not use his power to generate wealth for his own home or family.
watch video | bmc elections 2017: polling begins across maharashtra, mns chief raj thackeray casts his votethe cms rally at thane marked the end of campaigning for polls to 10 municipal corporation and 10 zilla parishads on february 21.
using a reference from the ramayana to enthuse his cadre, fadnavis said, hanuman had to reminded that even as a child, he had had the ability to swallow the sun.
till then, he had not realised his immense strength.
similarly, i urge bjp karyakartas to know your powers and take on the shiv sena misrule in thane.
acknowledging that the initiative to break the pre-poll alliance came from the thane bjp unit, fadnavis said,  i never questioned their decision as they were confident about snapping ties.
it also displayed the pulse of the people in thane, who wanted to get rid of the sena.
fadnavis chose thane to conclude his poll campaign as it happens to be site of the senas first electoral success four decades ago under late bal thackeray.
evoking respected sena leader anand dighe, fadnavis said, the present party is no longer anand dighes sena, which fought for public welfare.
we joined hands with the sena and gave them our space to grow in thane for the past 25 years, because we believed in making hindutva a common cause.
but today, the senas politics is only about money-making and corruption.
the cm also used references from the ramayana to justify the induction of outsiders, which has riled party workers.
yes, i admit we have taken some people from outside.
but i would like to explain that the decision was to strengthen our organisation with their help.
it was not aimed at undermining our own workers.
when ram set out to battle the powerful king ravana, he sought the help of vibhishana, the younger brother of ravana.
now, taking in vibhishana did not undermine hanuman, fadnavis said.
advertisingkarnataka agreed to release five lakh cusec of water from almatti dam in north karnataka, located downstream on the krishna river, after fadnavis spoke to his karnataka counterpart b s yediyurappa.
fadnavis on thursday chaired a review meeting at kolhapur and also conducted an aerial survey of the affected areas.
the karnataka government has agreed to discharge five lakh cusec of water from the dam.
with this, the water level in kolhapur and sangli will fall, he said after the meeting.
he added that union home minister amit shah has assured of all assistance.
flood has hit the districts of kolhapur and sangli hard with the city of sangli completely marooned, and over two lakh people living without electricity, fadnavis told media persons.
several water supply schemes have become dysfunctional and crops and houses have been damaged with thousands shifted to safer places, he said, adding that restoring water and power supply was the priority.
advertisingexpressing grief over the loss of lives in the boat accident in sangli, the cm said: the boat was carrying over 30 people and it turned turtle when its engine got stuck in a tree branch.
the incident happened because of panic.
in kolhapur, four persons have lost their lives.
in all, 3,813 houses have been damaged.
among these, 89 houses have been fully damaged.
due to flood, 390 water supply schemes have become dysfunctional.
we are working to ease petrol and diesel shortage, said the cm.
evacuation and saving lives is the top priority.
enough medicine stock has been made available.
if needed, additional medical teams will be sent from mumbai.
restoration of electric supply is also on prime agenda, fadnavis said while adding that ministers chandrakant patil, girish mahajan, mp sambhajiraje chhatrapati and other leaders are assisting in and monitoring rescue and relief measures.
those affected will get financial assistance along with foodgrain, and a compensation of rs 5 lakh will be given to the kin of the deceased, the cm added.
during the aerial survey, i found most of the sangli city surrounded by water.
my helicopter was not given permission to land at sangli and karad.
since kolhapur has an airport, i could land here and meet affected people, he said.
eleven rescue teams including five of ndrf were operating in sangli, and he had sought five more teams from the defence ministry for the district, he said.
at karad in satara district, flood water was receding, he said.
as many as 223 villages in kolhapur have been affected and 18 completely marooned.
as many as 28,897 people have been affected, of which, 8,923 have been shifted.
around 97,000 people had moved out on their own earlier, fadnavis said.
some 38,000 people are staying in relief camps in 152 places in kolhapur and 60 boats have been pressed into rescue operations, he added.
crops over 67,000 hectares are damaged in kolhapur.
b'speaking at a party meet here last evening, shelar, without naming shiv sena, had invoked a fable from mahabharat, of a small demon making too much of a noise.
speaking at a party meet here last evening, shelar, without naming shiv sena, had invoked a fable from mahabharat, of a small demon making too much of a noise.
a day before the expansion of the maharashtra cabinet, shiv sena workers thursday burnt an effigy of mumbai bjp president ashish shelar over his demon remark, which apparently alluded to frequent digs and taunts took by the sena at the senior partner.
speaking at a party meet in mumbai on wednesday evening, shelar, without naming shiv sena, had invoked a fable from mahabharat, of a small demon making too much of a noise.
shelar also went on to add that bjps lord krishna, a reference to chief minister devendrafadnavis , would ensure that this demon would be bottled during the ensuing mumbai civic polls.
on thursday, shelar said his analogy was twisted by media to create tension in the government.
i had narrated that tale only with the aim of making bjp workers understand that in every election, the tools are different, shelar said.
the 20-month-old fadnavis cabinet is slated to be expanded tomorrow but there is no word yet on shiv sena getting any additional berth, after the bjp gave its ally the could shoulder in the union cabinet expansion two days back.
the state cabinet expansion ceremony will be held at 9 am on friday at mantralaya, the state secretariat.
b'on january 22, 84-year-old dhule farmer dharma patil consumed poison in mantralaya premises, demanding adequate compensation for his land, which had been acquired by the government for a solar power project.
(express photo by prashant nadkar/file) on january 22, 84-year-old dhule farmer dharma patil consumed poison in mantralaya premises, demanding adequate compensation for his land, which had been acquired by the government for a solar power project.
(express photo by prashant nadkar/file)a youth hailing from dhule in north maharashtra on monday attempted suicide at the entrance of mantralaya, the latest such incident at the state secretariat building here in last several months.
baban yashwant zote had poured kerosene over his body and was about to set himself on fire when police nabbed him, a senior official said.
zote decided to end his life to protest alleged corruption in the recruitment process in dhule municipal corporation, the official said.
the dhule resident had written to chief minister devendrafadnavis on april 3, seeking a probe in the scheduled case recruitment drive held in 1989 in the civic body.
zote claimed that genuine candidates were deprived of jobs and instead, kin of corporators were recruited through unscrupulous means, the official said.
zote was handed over to the marine drive police station, the official said.
read | mantralaya suicides: secretariat to use ai to secure buildingin march, a 56-year-old labourer tried to end his life outside the building.
gulab maruti shingari, hailing from beed district in drought-prone marathwada region, claimed he decided to end his life as the police patil in his village tried to usurp his land, a police official said.
in february, a 45-year-old man committed suicide by jumping from the fifth floor of mantralaya, after which the bjp-led state government set up a safety net covering the open space on the first floor of the seven-storey building.
harshal raote, a murder convict on parole, jumped to death from the fifth floor, days after a 32-year-old unemployed man attempted suicide outside the building.
on january 22, 84-year-old dhule farmer dharma patil consumed poison in mantralaya premises, demanding adequate compensation for his land, which had been acquired by the government for a solar power project.
he died in hospital on january 28.
b'hemant gavande.
hemant gavande.
pune whistleblower hemant gavande, who exposed the land deal of eknath khadse, which saw him resign from the post as revenue minister, has written to the maharashtra chief minister, devendrafadnavis , requesting that a separate commission under the commission of inquiry act 1952 be set up so that certain terms of reference are framed to carry out the investigation against the former minister.
whether former minister khadse has abused his position by purchasing the said property at midc in pune or breached the oath of office taken by him as cabinet minister needs a separate inquiry, demands gavande in his letter citing that a separate commission can address the different terms of reference.
he has questioned whether the other bureaucrats and officials, and the minister were entitled to carry out such deals that clearly falls under conflict of interest and whether the minister and his son-in-law conspired together to cause wrongful gain to themselves by using government machinery for the said property and wants this to be taken up in the inquiry.
gavande in his letter to the cm had said that there is a need to probe whether any illegal alterations in index-11 pertaining to the sale deed was carried out and how the minister might have benefitted after reflecting the value of the said property at rs 3.
75 crore when the ready reckoner rate was slated to be nearly rs 23 crore.
will the income tax authorities take cognizance of such a deal and whether the sources of income disclosed by the former minister, khadse, are sufficient for the purchase of the said property has been put forth by gavande in his letter to the chief minister.
the other areas that need to be checked was on whether the minister wanted to claim windfall compensation post owning the land or whether the minister had purchased it for a personal gain.
gavande has requested the cm to consider the terms of reference and appoint the commission of inquiry.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
we are trying to hold talks with farmers leaders and resolve their issues.
we will continue to hold talks.
the government is positive about some of their demands and we have even started taking action on some points, fadnavis told reporters in mumbai.
a committee of finance department secretary and bank officials has been formed to suggest ways to help farmers within seven days, the chief minister said.
in some places, agitating farmers on thursday sought to stop supplies of vegetables, milk, etc, to the cities, with fadnavis suggesting the involvement of political workers in the matter.
farmers are being used and instigated by vested interests.
certain political parties are trying to gain advantage with this strike.
farmers goods are being stopped from being transported, they are not being allowed to sell their produce.
all this is being done by members of certain political parties, he said.
the people whose sangharsh yatra did not get a good response are now instigating farmers.
the strike took place in pune, nashik, ahmednagar and there were incidents of stone-pelting too.
farmers wont indulge in violence.
this is being done by political leaders, the cm said, referring to ncp-congress sangharsh yatra for loan waiver last month.
he also called on dairy federations to pay farmers better rates.
dairy federations buy milk at rs 25 (per litre) and sell it at rs 60 in mumbai.
they should give a proper price to the farmers, he said.
during the 15-year rule of congress-ncp, farmers got the direct financial assistance of about rs 4,500 crore, while his government has disbursed rs 12,000 crore in aid, fadnavis claimed.
as many as 13 district co-operative banks (dcbs) were facing a liquidity crunch, fadnavis said, appealing to the commercial banks to treat these banks as their agents and provide them with funds so that dcbs can help farmers.
woman commuters will have to wait till the end of march to see more ladies special buses on the roads.
advertisingthe pune mahanagar parivahan mahamandal limited (pmpml) has 39 buses in the tejaswini fleet, including six buses that were added earlier this month.
according to the authorities, 27 more buses are expected to join the fleet only towards the end of march.
of its total fleet of about 2,098 buses, 350 to 400 buses remain off the road due to various reasons on an average day.
breakdowns also result in shrinking the number of trips.
so, on an average day the transport body realises about 4,500 fewer trips than it planned.
officials said of the total 2,098 buses, 653 are operated by private contractors.
they added that a major reason for the transport body to realise the planned trips per day is the failure on part of the contractors to meet their targets.
the pmpml had added 33 tejaswini buses for women last year by earmarking 33 of 200 midi-buses that the transport body had received.
six buses from the state government were received and added to the fleet on february 9 in presence of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
officials said they had recently scrapped 105 buses that were too old to remain on the roads and were planning to scrap more as and when it received new buses.
we are planning to add more buses and scrap old ones.
on february 9, six tejaswini buses out of 33 that we are supposed to get from the state government were received, rest 27 will be added by the end of march.
we are hopeful that we can add more buses in the fleet every month, so that we can scrap the old buses that are not fit to be plying on roads, said subhash gaikwad, pmpml spokesperson.
chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)further investigations into the controversy surrounding the flouting of a four-decade-old freeze on issuance of new private liquor retail licences have revealed that a five-year-old notification of the government was at the centre of the controversy.
it turns out that on february 13, 2012, the states excise ministry, then led by nationalist congress party minister ganesh naik, had brought out a notification lifting curbs on renewal of licences pending for over a year.
on thursday, the indian express highlighted the findings of a government probe that has revealed that hundreds of private liquor dealers were provided fresh permits for retail liquor shops in the garb of renewal of old licences.
what else is making news:the 2012 notification also tweaked the states policy regarding powers for granting such approvals.
while such powers were earlier decentralised and vested in a committee headed by the district collector, the 2012 notification relegated these power and reassigned these to the minister.
while finding massive irregularities in permits issued between 2010 and 2016, the probe, ordered by chief minister devendrafadnavis , revealed that each and everyone of the 202 permits to be issued was approved under the ministers discretionary powers after district-level officials had turned down the request for approval on the ground of ineligibility.
the probe found renewal orders issued for licences that were non-existent or surrendered to the government.
out of the 202 cases, there were 24 cases where approvals were found to have been given even as there was no support document to show that the licence existed in the first place.
there were 74 other instances where approvals were granted on the basis of just one or two support documents.
unsigned government letters were used as documentary evidence in some cases while granting approvals.
the inquiry also found that the process laid down for filing of the revision appeals before the minister werent complied with in most cases.
ironically, keeping a check on such malpractices had been the main aim of the governments move to delegate powers for licence renewal at the district level in 1989.
while the 2012 circular had made prior recommendations of the excise commissioner on the validity of a revision appeal filed before the minister mandatory, the inquiry found that this wasnt followed at all.
while naik approved 194 out of the 202 cases during the congress-ncp reign in the state, serving minister of state (mos) dilip kamble, who was the mos for excise from october 31, 2014 to july 7, 2016, issued the remaining eight orders.
when the indian express contacted the duo, both denied any wrongdoing.
presenting the report card of the government and seeking an absolute mandate in the upcoming assembly elections, chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday travelled through the naxal corridor across districts of gondia to gadchiroli on day 4 of his mahajanadesh yatra.
the cm emphasised on welfare schemes for tribals and paddy farmers, announcing a bonus of rs 500 per quintal for paddy.
advertisingat navegaon bandh in arjuni taluka of gondia district, fadnavis stepped out of his rath into the open, setting aside his security ring, and walked into a village tea stall called yatharth raj.
the chief minister settled for a cup of sugarless tea and was accompanied by adivasi children, who encircled him for a chat.
with his act, fadnavis appears to have conveyed a message of all is well in the naxal belt.
however, his visit to the naxal corridor, passing through long stretches of dense forest, came less than 24 hours after naxals allegedly killed six persons in neighbouring chhattisgarh, just across the border.
amid tight security, the cms visit ended with a dozen rallies and roadshows.
standing in the open rath, fadnavis interacted with people across villages and towns.
taking forward his agenda of socio-economic development, he emphasised on welfare schemes for tribals and paddy farmers.
paddy is the main kharif crop in the districts of gondia, gadchiroli, chandrapur and bhandara, also known as the rice bowl of the state.
advertisingat each rally, the chief minister stressed on higher remuneration for paddy farmers.
fadnavis said, in the last five years, we have ensured a higher bonus and minimum support price for paddy.
we will give a bonus of rs 500 next year too.
he said the government had invested rs 50,000 crore for farmers in five years, which comes to rs 10,000 crore per year.
whether it was wadsa desai gang in gadchiroli or brahmapuri in chandrapur, the cm talked about how tribal reforms in agriculture and education were transforming livelihoods.
fadnavis also unveiled the government developmental plan worth rs 1 lakh crore for transformation of the naxal corridor.
he said almost 30,000 km of roads were built, including 25 per cent in the naxal belt.
for better education of adivasis, the government had launched welfare schemes in english medium as well as tribal residential schools, he added.
late into the night, the cm addressed a large crowd at gadchiroli.
fadnavis has visited gadchiroli 11 times in the last five years.
he said, i have adopted a human approach centred on development in the naxal belt.
the primary reason of frequent visits to gadchiroli was to fast-track development.
the overwhelming support from people in gadchiroli makes me nostalgic.
our new industrial policy has focused on incentives to promote industrial investments.
the maharashtra government has lodged a criminal case against a brewery owned by former three-time solapur mla and nationalist congress party leader rajen patil for allegedly using bogus export permits to smuggle liquor.
according to information, chief minister devendrafadnavis himself gave the go ahead for action against the ncp leaders firm after a two-month long multi-state investigation busted the alleged scam.
rajen patil was elected three times from solapurs mohol between 1995 and 2004.
watch what else is making news:following the chief ministers nod, the maharashtra excise department has registered an fir against patil, who is the director of nakshatra distilleries and breweries private limited in solapur.
his family members including his wife, his two sons, and a daughter-in-law, who are also directors in the firm, have also been made accused in the case.
patil, when contacted, alleged that the action against him and his family was politically motivated.
he maintained that the exports permits (referred to as bogus by the excise department) were valid.
the case built up by the state excise department against patil alleges that patils firm illegally disposed 1.
10 lakh cartons of whiskey over the last two years using 87 bogus receipts that showed that the liquor had been exported to a warehouse the royal bonded warehouse in arunachal pradeshs changlang.
maharashtras excise department sought help from counterparts in arunachal pradesh for the investigations.
according to norms, the importing state has to first issue an import permit to the warehouse.
following investigations, a senior excise department official from arunachal pradesh has come under the scanner for his role in issuing the bogus permits.
he has also been named in the fir.
meanwhile, the maharashtra excise department has also issued show cause notice to some of its officials for dereliction of duty.
incidentally, investigators have claimed that most of the liquor exports never made it to arunachal pradesh, and were instead offloaded in gujarat.
consumption of liquor is banned in the state of gujarat.
patil has rebutted the claim, stating that the liquor was indeed exported to the arunachal pradesh warehouse.
but investigations have revealed that the warehouse in question does not have valid permit to import liquor from maharashtra since october 2014, said officials.
chief minister devendrafadnavis inspected the seepz-colaba metro 3 project late monday night.
the 33.
5-km metro corridor will have 27 stations, of which 26 will be underground.
officials from the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) accompanied the chief minister to review progress of the work.
chief minister devendrafadnavis friday declared a waiver of stamp duty and registration fee for crop loans and term loans up to rs 2.
5 lakh.
the announcement has been made in the absence of revenue minister eknath khadse, who heads the stamps and registrations portfolio.
the cm had convened a meeting to review crop loans at his official bungalow in south mumbai, with the kharif sowing season for 2016-17 approaching.
khadse also heads the agriculture portfolio.
at the meeting, fadnavis observed that in several places, it has been found that banks are deducting the crop insurance amount while restructuring crop loans in drought-hit belts.
appealing to bankers to adopt a more humanitarian approach, the chief minister ordered district collectors and cooperatives department to act against banks derelicting their responsibilities.
after facing drought for four consecutive years, farmers are anxiously awaiting the arrival of monsoon this time.
the sowing season will start in a few days.
the crop loans must be disbursed expeditiously to allow farmers to purchase seeds and fertilisers, fadnavis said.
he has now asked district collectors to review the crop loan position in their respective regions on a weekly basis.
the electricity act also suggests that the commission should have a technical expert among the members.
(file) the electricity act also suggests that the commission should have a technical expert among the members.
(file)the appointment of a serving ias officer as a member of the maharashtra electricity regulatory commission (merc) has raised questions of conflict of interest in litigation related to the government.
former office-bearers of merc told the indian express that if any member of the regulatory body was on the payroll of the state government, there would be a conflict of interest while passing judgments in cases pertaining to the state government.
on june 5, chief minister devendrafadnavis appointed retired district judge iqbal bohari and 1985-batch ias officer mukesh khullar as members of the regulatory body.
while traditionally retired ias officers have held the positions at the merc, khullar decided to continue to be on the state governments payroll till his retirement in february 2019.
while there is no rule that it is a retirement post, an official is deemed to be retired upon taking charge in any autonomous regulatory authority.
it is not fair as the merc deals with litigation against the government.
there is a clear conflict of interest, said a former merc official.
pratap hogade, convenor of a state-wide consumers association, said that it was unfair to those appealing to the commission for various litigations against the government.
khullar told the indian express that there was no conflict of interest as orders can be passed, on merit, against the government.
judges, for instance, stay on government quarters but they do rule against the government.
however, since these questions are arising, i am considering taking a voluntary retirement, said khullar.
the merc is headed by chairperson anand kulkarni and the positions of the two members were vacant since may after the retirement of senior members deepak lad and aziz khan.
following khans retirement, the energy department had called for applications.
however, the appointment was delayed after a bench of justice j chelameswar and sanjay kishan kaul of the supreme court ordered all states to appoint a judiciary member to their electricity regulatory commissions in april.
it is mandatory that there should be a person of law as a member of the commission, which requires a person, who is, or has been holding a judicial office or is a person possessing professional qualifications with substantial experience in the practice of law, who has the requisite qualifications to have been appointed as a judge of the high court or a district judge, said the bench.
thereafter, fresh applications were called for a judicial member.
khullar was appointed after lad, a technical expert, retired.
another former merc member pointed out that at present there was no member in the commission who was a technical expert.
the electricity act also suggests that the commission should have a technical expert among the members.
earlier, lad who was a director with the state electricity distribution company, served as the expert.
state energy secretary arvind singh, who also headed the scrutiny committee, said, we have made the appointments based on the supreme court order and both appointments have been made keeping the legal requirements in mind.
the electricity act says that members should have knowledge of commerce and energy sector and the appointees meet these requirements.
dhakne has revoked the building permissions granted to the 10 plot holders, including subhash deshmukh.
(file photo) dhakne has revoked the building permissions granted to the 10 plot holders, including subhash deshmukh.
(file photo)in a major setback to maharashtra co-operation, marketing and textiles minister subhash deshmukh, the solapur municipal commissioner has passed an order stating that deshmukhs bungalow, built on a plot reserved for a fire brigade station and a garden in the citys development plan, is illegal, unlawful and unauthorised.
municipal commissioner avinash dhakne has also revoked the building permissions earlier granted to the ministers bungalow.
in the light of the commissioners order of may 30, the opposition on saturday demanded deshmukhs resignation.
on march 27, the indian express had carried a report on the alleged illegal construction of the bungalow.
a day later, the issue was raised in the state assembly by ncps jayant patil, seeking chief minister devendrafadnavis response on the matter during the budget session.
fadnavis, however, had given a clean chit to deshmukh.
also read | maharashtra minister builds bungalow on land meant for fire brigadedeshmukhs bungalow on a reservation plot in solapur.
(express photo) deshmukhs bungalow on a reservation plot in solapur.
(express photo)since the procedure for regularisation of gunthewari development was not followed neither by the plot holders nor the building permission department, the structures existing on the plots today become illegal, unlawful and unauthorised (sic), said dhakne in his 26-page order.
sources said that dhaknes report has been submitted to the bombay high court in a contempt petition filed by activist annarao bhopale in 2017.
bhopale had moved court against the solapur municipal corporation for its alleged failure in complying with an hc order asking it to pass an order with regard to the illegal construction of the bungalow by deshmukh.
the civic body, in its submission before the high court, had said that it would take a decision by may 31, 2018.
the next hearing of the case is scheduled on june 13.
dhakne has revoked the building permissions granted to the 10 plot holders, including deshmukh.
the issue should be dealt with under the relevant provisions of the maharashtra regional and town planning act (mrtp)-1966 and maharashtra municipal corporations act-1949 by the building permission department of the corporation, said the order.
while dhakne refused to comment, sources said that a demolition notice is likely to be issued to deshmukh.
mahesh chavan, who had filed a petition in high court in 2014 on the same issue, said that the bungalow should be demolished immediately.
criminal cases should be filed against all of them and the losses incurred to the civic body should be recovered from them.
the plot should be developed as per reservation, said chavan, an activist from solapur.
however, deshmukh maintained that the bungalow was constructed only after permissions were granted by the civic body.
the report has been submitted in the court and we will abide by the courts decision.
if i am asked to demolish it, then i will demolish it, deshmukh told the sunday express.
deshmukh, in his submission before the municipal commissioner in march, had contended that since the building permission has been granted by civic body under the maharashtra gunthewari developments (regularization, upgradation and control ) act-2001, the plots are deemed to be de-reserved.
the state government introduced the act to deal with unauthorised sub-division of private lands and their transfer to needy persons for construction of residential units.
since these sub-divisions are usually in multiples of a guntha (one-fortieth of an acre), such developments are referred to as gunthewari developments.
however, dhakne has rejected the claim stating that none of the plot holders have applied for regularisation of gunthewari developments after coming into force of this act (sic).
as per section 3(1) of the said gunthewari act, it is mandatory to make an application to the planning authority for regularisation of gunthewari development.
hence, in the absence of such an application, permission cannot be granted under the said act, he said in the order.
dhakne also remarked that the plots on existing land under acquisition for public purpose are not eligible for regularisation but this condition was overlooked, despite remarks by the town planning department, and termed the permissions granted in april 2004 as null and void.
further, he blamed the officials for acting contradictory in the case.
it is seen that the procedure adopted for the approval of building permission is neither as per gunthewari act nor mrtp act.
the officers acted in a manner which is self-contradictory on most of the times, said dhakne, noting that officers have failed to protect the interest of the corporation by not following norms.
the case dates back to september 2000 when deshmukh and nine others jointly purchased a two-acre plot in majarewadi, along the hotagi road in solapur, for rs 50 lakh.
the land was already under reservation at the time of purchase under the solapur development plan-1978, and the revised development plan of 1997.
in november 2000, deshmukh and the nine co-owners wrote to the building permissions department of the municipality seeking a nod for construction.
the civic body replied in january 2001, denying permission, saying the land was reserved for a fire brigade station and a mini shopping centre.
under the mrtp act, privately owned land in municipal jurisdiction may be acquired by the municipality for development of amenities based on reservations imposed by the development plan.
to a query by deshmukh in march 2004, the municipality reiterated that his request cannot be considered owing to the reservation.
in april 2004, deshmukh gave a sworn affidavit to the municipal corporation, saying he has proposed to the state government that the reservation be cancelled, seeking permission for construction and promising to abide by the governments final decision in the matter.
subsequently, permission was granted for construction of a living room, toilet and bathroom.
the scrutiny report said permission was given on the condition that the governments decision on the reservation would be binding on the owner.
in july 2012, the civic body granted construction permissions again, this time for a ground-plus-one floor structure, including a kitchen, dining space, family room, bedroom, store, servant room, waiting lodge and a toilet on the ground floor, and a bedroom, guest bedroom, hall, gymnasium and toilet on the first floor.
again, the permission was given, subject to the state governments decision on cancelling the reservation.
opposition parties are now gunning for deshmukhs resignation.
it is a very serious matter and the bungalow should be demolished now.
besides, deshmukh must resign as minister immediately, said ncps dhananjay munde, also the leader of opposition in the legislative council.
munde added that the issue would be taken up in the coming assembly session.
sachin sawant, state general secretary of congress, also demanded deshmukhs resignation.
it is sad that no action is being taken against the minister.
the cm is trying to protect his colleagues repeatedly by giving clean chits, he said, adding that the mcoca should be invoked against deshmukh for illegal construction.
b'chief minister devendrafadnavis had, on march 30, announced in the legislative assembly that from may onwards, dry and wet garbage will be segregated and scientifically disposed of in the state.
acting on the cms cue, the mira bhayander municipal corporation (mbmc), which has faced the ire of the national green tribunal, the maharashtra pollution control board (mpcb) and hundreds of locals, has finally started to treat its waste by segregating the dry from the wet.
according to deputy civic chief, dr. sambhaji panpatte, the work to segregate the waste began on may 1.
it was primarily due to the ngt order in february 2017, panpatte clarified adding that the municipality is still allowed to issue occupation and commencement certificate for any building project.
since its solid waste management plant at dhagvi village in uttan, bhayander (west), was shut down in 2013, the municipality has been dumping and burning unprocessed garbage in the open.
apart from 8 to 10 tonnes of industrial and biomedical waste, the twin city generates around 500 metric tonnes of garbage every day.
the mbmc has faced a lot of flak for its lack of environmental concern.
most recently, the national green tribunal (ngt) came down heavily on mbmc in february 2017 and asked the municipality to scientifically treat waste or else the corporation will restrict issuing occupation and commencement certificate for any building project.
ever since its inception, the municipal solid waste processing plant has remained in news more for the wrong reasons.
less than five years after the mbmc won praises for being the first civic body in the state to successfully initiate a garbage recycling project in 2008, the plant has ceased its recycling operations since october 2013.
last year, a group called nagri hakk sangharsh samiti (nhss) of the affected villagers had approached the ngt complaining mainly of health hazards.
the corporation had told the court last year that it has plans to install incineration units and compost plants costing rs 150 crore.
according to the ngt order issued on february 3, the court observed that the corporation has failed to take any concrete measures to set up a new facility as contemplated by it at sakwar village.
the corporation is continuing with unscientific dumping of solid waste at the uttan site, where regular instances of fire are being reported.
the corporation faced difficulty with no private party coming forward for the proposed project.
on march 6, we finally got a party that has won the tender.
work is underway and by november 2017, the processing unit will be operational.
currently, wet waste is being dumped at the uttan site and the dry waste is being recycled, panpatte added.
the state government is planning to bring in regulation to replace flood irrigation with drip irrigation in sugarcane farming to tackle the severe drought in maharashtra.
advertisingthe government also plans to make higher budgetary allocations in the monsoon session beginning june 19 to expand the scope of subsidies along with other incentives provided to farmers to shift from flood to drip irrigation.
the recurring drought and depleting water levels in dams have prompted the government to resort to stern measures.
while a ban on sugarcane farming is not the way out, tough policies are being planned to tackle the drought, a source in the state water resources department said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has urged the state finance department to work out the budget for subsidies to help farmers meet the additional expenditure on drip irrigation infrastructure.
advertisinga secretary in the water resources department said, in flood irrigation, a thousand million metres (tmc) of water irrigate 4,000 hectares of crop.
whereas, one tmc water in drip irrigation covers 6,000 hectares.
the cost of drip irrigation infrastructure is rs 85,000 per hectare.
however, once installed, the system works up to five years.
with repairs or replacement of parts, it can work for many more years.
the annual budget needed to move away from flood to drip in the sugar sector would be rs 5,000 crore.
land under sugar cultivation in maharashtra is 9.
42 lakh hectares, a source said.
farmers leader raju shetti said, any policy that helps tackle the drought is welcome.
but at the same time, the government should also provide financial incentives to small and marginal farmers to cope with the additional cost incurred on implementing drip irrigation.
a secretary in the maharashtra water regulatory authority said, our entire focus in the last four and half years have been on creating more water storage structures.
but we have no mechanism to check misuse of dam water.
on paper we show highest priority is for drinking water.
but there is no system to check or punish those exploiting dam water or even using river water in excess for cane cultivation in drought-prone districts of maharashtra.
statistics from the state sugar commission office shows a steady rise in cane crushing from 2003-04 to 2017-18.
in 2003-04, 209.
64 lakh metric tonnes of sugarcane were crushed.
in 2006-07, it was 798.
39 lakh metric tonnes.
in 2010-11, it was 802.
52 lakh metric tonnes.
between 2012-13 and 207-18, it has averaged at 750 lakh metric tonnes.
bmc, which has 227 wards, will go to polls on february 21.
bmc, which has 227 wards, will go to polls on february 21.
in a repeat of the 2014 maharashtra assembly elections, shiv sena has once again decided to fight it out alone, this time the upcoming civic polls in the state.
sena chief uddhav thackeray on thursday confirmed that the party will not be entering into an alliance with anyone.
sena and the bharatiya janata party held seat-sharing talks ahead of bmc polls but failed to reach an agreement.
if you promise to stand by me, i have taken the decision to go solo in maharashtra.
i will not go to anybodys door with a begging bowl for an alliance and wont be at anybodys mercy.
i have decided that there will be no alliance for any of the municipal corporation or zilla parishad polls, thackeray said.
the last date for filing of nomination for the brihanmumbai municipal corporation polls is january 27.
bmc, which has 227 wards, will go to polls on february 21.
our mantra is development, we will not compromise on corruption, he added.
the decision is only confined to elections across ten municipal corporations and 25 zilla parishads, leaders from both parties said.
sena will continue it alliance with the bjp centre and state.
i am ready to go solo, the shiv sainiks are ready to go solo.
i want strong foot-soldiers with me who have the courage to launch a frontal attack and not back-stab.
once i have taken my decision, i do not want anybody to question it, thackeray said while addressing a gathering of party workers in the evening.
bullock cart racingbuoyed by the success of the public protests over jallikattu in tamil nadu, thackeray called on maharashtrians to join hands to bring back bullock cart racing in the state.
let us come together to bring back bullock cart racing in maharashtra, thackeray said.
the issue also resonated in the neighbouring state of karnataka, with legislators looking to take a cue from tamil nadu and bring out an ordinance allowing the smooth conduct of the sport.
earlier this month, tamil nadu, succumbing to pressure from pro-jallikattu protesters, temporarily removed all the legal hurdles to allow the bull-taming sport.
however, the week-long protests at marina beach did not dissipate as the protesters were seeking a permanent solution to the ban on jallikattu.
the demand was to amend the prevention of cruelty against animals by removing bulls from the list of animals prohibited for performance or display.
the shiv sena welcomed the bjps decision to not contest the mayoral election and claimed that by doing so chief minister devendrafadnavis had respected the mandate given by residents of the city to the shiv sena.
though the decision by the bjp will clear the path for the sena to install its own mayor, the party is bracing itself for difficult times as it expects the bjp to create hurdles in the smooth functioning of the bmc.
watch what else is making newswe thank the chief minister for this decision.
by doing this, he has respected the mandate that was given to the sena by the people of mumbai, said senior shiv sena leader and maharashtra transport minister diwakar raote.
the cm also said the bjp would not take up any post in the countrys richest municipality and would give issue-based support over policies that it believes are good for the city.
the sena appeared worried at this statement and felt the bjp might try to create hurdles in the effective functioning of the bmc.
the cm said he would act as a sentinel on the functioning of the bmc.
we just want to tell him that he should also keep an eye out on all those who plot to destabilise the development work that the sena plans to take up, raote said.
he also said the sena had no problems in ensuring transparency in government bodies and had been asking for the same in the functioning of the state government as well.
the sena had so far the support of 88 corporators while the bjp had the backing of 84 elected representatives.
some sena leaders feel that the bjp ploy is to project an image that it is accommodating towards the sena while at the same time blocking its work in the bmc.
we believe that the real test for us will begin now.
we will always need to watch over our shoulders over what the bjp is doing, said a senior shiv sena leader.
the sena leadership has not been too jubilant over the bjps pronouncement and feels that the bjp is only bidding for time to trump the sena.
we are happy that a mayor from our party will head the bmc.
what the bjp has done is an internal decision of that political party.
the sena will effectively run the executive posts including various committees of the bmc, said senior shiv sena leader anil parab.
chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday accused opposition congress-ncp of shedding crocodile tears over the plight of farmers and said that their demand for loan waiver is politically motivated as they suffered a severe drubbing in the recent local bodies and civic polls across the state.
fadnavis reiterated that his government was not opposed to farm loan waiver but wanted that the decision, when taken, to benefit farmers.
intervening in the state legislative assembly, which has been witnessing uproarious scenes on demand for farm loan waiver, fadnavis on thursday said the plight of farmers was due to the policies of the previous congress-ncp government, which ruled the state for 15 years.
you have no right to ask for a loan waiver.
only bjp and shiv sena can ask for loan waiver.
your demand is out of political motives since you have been convincingly defeated in the recent polls.
your are just shedding crocodile tears.
we are not against loan waiver but we are deliberating on when and how it should be done, fadnavis said.
he said about 1.
36 crore farmers have taken loan worth rs 1.
14 lakh crore.
rs 63 crore is agriculture related loan while rs 51 crore is personal loan.
out of the total loan, rs 31,057 crore is overdue and rs 30,500 crore is outdated, he said.
fadnavis pointed out that the states total expenditure is rs 2.
57 lakh crore of which rs 1.
32 lakh crore goes towards wages.
the expenditure towards central government schemes is rs 34,421 crore and that towards local bodies is rs 10,407 crore.
the capital expenditure has risen from rs 25,000 crore to rs 31,000 crore.
all these years, expenditure on agriculture investment was very less, he said adding that since his government came to power, capital expenditure on agriculture and allied sector is rs 19,434 crore.
similarly, rs 11,500 crore has been spent on crop insurance and assistance for natural calamities.
i want the opposition leaders to guarantee that if we waive off the outdated loan of rs 30,500 crore, there will be no single farmer suicide.
since the loan waiver of 2008-09, 16,000 farmers have committed suicide, fadnavis said.
he said if loan waiver is announced, the government will have no money for investment in agriculture sector.
farmers became debt-ridden within a year of the loan waiver.
after the previous loan waiver, banks did not find the farmers credit worthy for fresh loans, the cm said.
fadnavis charged that opposition congress-ncp wants the loan waiver to help district co-operative banks run by them and which are involved in irregularities.
he said gujarat and madhya pradesh invested in agriculture, and farmers were benefited.
in what is being seen as another attempt to maintain cordial relationship with the bjp-led national democratic alliance (nda), telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao has extended an invite to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis for being the chief guest for the inauguration ceremony of the kaleshwaram lift irrigation project (klip), which is being billed as the costliest irrigation projects to be undertaken in india.
advertisingon friday, the telangana rashtriya samiti (trs) leader flew to mumbai to extend the invitation.
the two chief ministers later also held a meeting to improve water sharing between the two states.
the discussions took place at fadnaviss official residence in south mumbai.
klip was originally conceived from the dr br ambedkar pranahita chevella sujala sravanthi project, which was supposed to utilise 160 thousand million cubic feet (tmc) of allocated water of the godavari project.
the godavari river originates in maharashtra and has a catchment basin spreading across the states of telangana, chhattisgarh, odisha and andhra pradesh.
two years ago, kcr and fadnavis had inked mous for undertaking irrigation projects along the godavari and the painganga river basis, which is projected to bring about 30,000 hectare of land in vidarbha under irrigation.
a senior maharashtra water resources department official said that relationship between the two sides over water sharing matters has taken a forward leap since.
advertisingfadnavis has reportedly accepted kcrs invitation for the inauguration of the project, scheduled for june 21.
andhra pradesh cm ys jagan mohan reddy has also been invited as a chief guest for the programme.
meanwhile, sources said that the two cms held discussions over drought and explored measures where they can work with each other to better water supply in the parched belts in both states.
while narendra modis landslide victory dashed kcrs hopes of playing a key role in the government formation at the centre, the trs leader has been cozying up to the bjp over the past few months.
interestingly, the duos meeting also comes at a time when maharashtras water sharing ties with karnataka have soured.
earlier in the day, kcr also met governor ch vidyasagar rao at raj bhavan.
chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file) chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file)with the crucial brihanmumbai municipal corporation polls coming closer, warring allies bjp and shiv sena are set to share stage at a function to roll out the governments new housing policies at ghatkopar on friday.
with sections from both parties desirous of contesting the mumbai polls independently, the bjp and the sena have previously been involved in an intense race to grab credit for important city-related decisions.
while insiders from both parties and political observers said it was too early to say whether fridays show signalled a course correction, they agreed it had political overtones, with chief minister devendrafadnavis and senas uddhav thackeray coming together for the event.
almost all new policies expected to be announced friday would centre around redevelopment of suburban properties, sources confirmed.
clearing the decks for revamp of thousands of unsafe tenanted buildings in the suburbs, the government will announce an incentive fsi policy for them, on the lines of the redevelopment of cessed structures.
according to the new policy, buildings declared dangerous or unfit to live in by the municipality would be eligible for an fsi of 3.
at present, they are eligible for an fsi of 2.
the demand to grant more construction permission for such redevelopment has been longstanding  a government panel had first recommended the grant of additional fsi back in 1995.
sources said that the new policy would also allow such buildings to work around a bombay high court ruling that had restricted the fsi in the city from march 1 onwards, on account of inadequate solid waste management measures.
a revamped policy for redevelopment of societies situated inside 56 mhada-owned layouts in the suburbs is also on the cards.
sources said that the government is expected to reintroduce the model that would allow the redevelopers of such properties to pay premium for compensating the state housing board for its share in the surplus area remaining after rehabilitation of the existing tenants and the proportionate sale component.
a senior minister said that the one of the reasons for choosing ghatkopar as the venue for the event was that the eastern suburbs have the largest chunk of such mhada layouts, and also have several dilapidated tenanted buildings.
incidentally, housing minister prakash mehta (bjp) hails from the region.
also on the cards is an announcement for introduction of a cluster redevelopment scheme for the suburbs on the lines of the model existing in the island city.
some fsi perks are also expected to be declared for affordable housing schemes in the mumbai metropolitan region.
the government has already announced its intention to release salt pan lands for construction of houses for the economically weaker sections.
the maharashtra government has decided to prepare nearly 14,000 gram panchayats for cashless transactions, complete with pos machines and bhim-aadhaar apps, by may 2017.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has assured the centre that the state would strive to go digital across its 29,000 gram panchayats, which comprise 40,913 villages, in two phases along with the bhim-aadhaar platform by 2018.
of the total 29,000 gram panchayats across maharashtra, directives to equip 14,000 gram panchayats for digital and cashless transformation have been conveyed to the states information and technology department, which is working along with maharashtra governments urban development and finance ministries.
during a meeting on monday, officers of the concerned departments were asked to take digital india programme and bhim aadhaar app to villages on high priority.
cm fadnavis also recently discussed the matter with union minister for information technology ravi shankar prasad and told him about his governments 2018 target.
highly placed sources told the indian express that, along with the digital transformation across 29,000 gram panchayats in partnership of microsoft, it (government) intends to promote the bhim-aadhaar app through gram panchayatsin the first pilot project, 776 gram panchayats have been covered to make nagpur the first digital smart district of maharashtra and country in 2016.
in a pilot project launched two years ago in partnership with mircrosoft, the state had succeeded in bringing digital connectivity to 350 villages using the white space technology support provided by the us company.
the internet penetration in state is very satisfactory with 4.
72 crore subscribers which is highest in india, officials said.
the total population of state is 11.
40 crore.
statistics show that maharashtra would account for almost 20 per cent of digital programmes with 29,000 gram panchayats of the total 1,50,000 across india by year 2018.
through bharatnet, laying of optic fibre for hi-speed internet connectivity is expected to be done in the next one year.
at present 1,55,000 km optical fibre has been laid and it reaches 75,700 gram panchayats across country.
the state intends to use digital transformation to enhance the e-health and e-education services in rural maharashtra.
the government also plans to extend digital services in agriculture sector to help farmers.
b'jaipur: karni sena activists protest against the shooting of sanjay leela bhansalis upconimg film padmawati alleging depiction of wrong facts in it at jaigarh fort in jaipur on friday.
source: pti photo jaipur: karni sena activists protest against the shooting of sanjay leela bhansalis upconimg film padmawati alleging depiction of wrong facts in it at jaigarh fort in jaipur on friday.
source: pti photoa new brand of hooliganism is emerging in india and, were allowing it.
recently, the right-wing fringe outfit, rajput karni sena came into the spotlight for physically assaulting filmmaker, sanjay leela bhansali on the sets of his film, padmavati.
in its defense, karni sena argued that bhansali was distorting history by showing padmawati (who incidentally, was a hindu) indulging in an intimate relationship with emperor alauddin khilji.
this incident raises a few questions though: first, even if bhansali did take a few dramatic liberties and meddled with history, does it give a band of goons (or anyone else for that matter) the right to assault him?
two, padmavati is a legendary figurea fictional character that over time merged into the books of history.
according to experts, there is even a possibility that she did not exist (http://bit.
ly/2klfax7).
must we make a hue and cry therefore, over a character whose very existence is questionable?
lets cut through veneer of karni sena claiming that bhansali was tampering with history.
while the sena may deny it, but bhansali was beaten up primarily to receive considerable media attention.
until a few days ago, the karni sena existed at the periphery.
no one had ever heard of it.
however, when it brandished its muscle and assaulted bhansali, instantly it catapulted itself into mainstream conversations.
this incident is reminiscent of the debacle that surrounded karan johar a few months ago.
in october 2016, a few weeks before johars film, ae dil hai mushkil starring the pakistani actor, fawad khan was to be released, the maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) created an uproar.
they found the idea of a pakistani actor starring in an indian film, ludicrous.
johar was questioned about his sense of patriotism and derided as an anti-national.
but the commotion held a magnifying glass over a few important issues.
to calm the mns down, maharashtras chief minister devendrafadnavis held a private meeting in his office between mns leader raj thackeray and johar.
that meeting organised by fadnavis himself, made a telling statement: instead of arresting the mns goons, not only did fadnavis support and encourage the partys puerile bullying by inviting thackeray to his office, but he handed over thackeray (a man not elected into power) the clout to bully johar and extort five crores (under the veneer of voluntary donation for the indian army).
fadnavis caved in to thackerays hooliganism, instead of standing up to it.
that kind of puppet-performance conveyed how weak and biased our law and order apparatus is.
it also conveyed the inefficacy of an elected representative like fadnavis to protect a citizen of his state.
at that time, thackerays men who unconstitutionally threatened johar werent arrested.
today, nothing much has changed.
the karni senas men who beat up bhansali have not been jailed.
and heres the blatant irony:the police has been quick to arrest ordinary citizens marching in peaceful protests  like najeeb ahmeds mother, who was manhandled and dragged into a police bus for participating in a protest that demanded the officials to find her missing son.
the police however, will almost never hunt down and imprison bullies who belong to the violent, chest-thumping extreme outfits.
more importantly, this is a democracy.
free speech and the ability to make films, and to take certain dramatic liberties in art  as long as the artist is not hurting a race, religion or a community  is a right.
to allow far-right fundamentalists to wreck havoc at whim and to not penalize them for it is problematic.
it challenges the very nature of our democracy.
this isnt the first time self-proclaimed right-wing vigilantes have created an uproar around a film.
back in 2010, the shiv sena clawed its way into the limelight by ostensibly delaying the release of the shah rukh khan starrer film, my name is khan, because the actor wanted to include pakistani players in his ipl team.
even the veteran painter, m.f. husain was forced to live in self-imposed exile, because he received death threats for portraying indian goddesses in the nude.
but heres the thing: if these right-wing fundamentalists felt enraged that the modesty of the goddesses was being undermined, i wonder where they are when women in india get molested, raped and sexually assaulted on the streets?
where is their rage then?
this brand of hooliganism needs to be suppressed, not encouraged.
for fadnavis to play the silent mediator between thackeray and johar, and for bhansalis team to issue a statement that there are and will be no intimacy scenes in padmavati, indicates a threat not only to freedom of expression, but underscores that right-wing fundamentalists can muscle their way into making ridiculous demands  and get away with it.
it throws in some uncomfortable questions onto the table that need to be addressed.
for starters, why arent these rowdy, law-breaking goons in jail yet?
the state government is ready to provide financial incentives through integrated schemes up to rs 50 lakh to farmers to encourage group farming to make agriculture economical and double the farm income.
at khandvi village in buldhana district, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who on saturday toured districts of buldhana and yavatmal to review water conservation projects, held interactive sessions with farmers to explain group farming model.
urging small and marginal farmers to join the model, he said: in every village, at least 20 farmers with a cumulative total land holding of 100 acres should come together for farmingthe state government can provide financial and logistic support complete with crop pattern and scientific farm practices to ensure double production of crops to help farmers, he added.
the governments group farming model is to minimise losses incurred by the small and marginal farmers with land holding less than 2 hectares.
the chief minister reassured farmers that the ongoing jalyukta shivar works would be completed before the onset of monsoon.
the additional water storing structures would help them to go for multiple crops.
at gadegaon in buldhana, he interacted with villagers to ascertain the progress and impact of farm ponds.
at village kurd (buldhana), he monitored a water conservation project that can hold 5 tmc water.
the project incurred a cost of rs 4 lakh.
in adjoining asalgaon village, he reviewed the housing for poor project under the pradhan mantri awas yojana.
in both the districts taluka-wise review meetings were held to discuss progress of every scheme with ceos of municipal councils, and district and taluka level officials.
the schemes discussed included jalyukta shivar, affordable housing for poor, crop loan disbursements, farm ponds and relief and rehabilitation projects.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)a high-powered committee of senior ministers has been set up by the maharashtra government to hold discussions with farmers organisations to end the unrest.
farmers organisations had been continuing the protest even after a loan waiver for small and marginal farmers was announced, and the setting up of the committee was seen as a move to assuage the egos of faction-ridden farmers organisations.
the inclusion of a shiv sena minister was seen as a move to bring on board the bjps alliance partner in the dialogue process.
the committee, constituted by chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday, will be led by minister for revenue and public works chandrakant patil.
others in the committee include agriculture minister pandurang phundkar, finance minister sudhir mungantiwar, minister for cooperation and markets subash deshmukh, water resources minister girish mahajan and minister for transport diwakar raote.
the committee will hold discussions with all the farmers organisations, said fadnavis.
i once again appeal to all the farmers organisations to come forward and give their recommendations to the government on the farmers welfare.
the committee will urge each farmers organisation district-wise to participate in the dialogue and make recommendations.
it includes five bjp ministers and a shiv sena minister.
on june 1 and 2, the cm held a meeting with the kisan kranti morcha and agreed to all their demands, including loan waiver and a proper minimum support price.
but the committee had to be set up following a split in opinion among farmers groups.
that the strike continued despite the loan waiver announcement was seen as an outcome of an ego tussle among the farmers groups.
there seemed to be no single farmers organisation acceptable to all.
the committee will hold talks with all the farmers groups from across maharashtra.
girish mahajan said, the cm has already announced a loan waiver.
we would like to discuss with farmers bodies about ensuring that the loan waiver benefits the poor and needy and truly deserving.
he added, some sections are wondering why the loan waiver should be extended to traders or professionals earning good salaries and own agricultural land and cultivate crops.
issues like this will be discussed.
government sources said, the ministerial committee will discuss with farmers groups to urge them to take a realistic view of the loan waiver and ensure that the beneficiaries are needy and poor with small land holdings less than 5 acres.
railway minister suresh prabhu inaugurates mobile ticketing system at dadar station on saturday.
(source: express photo)railway minister suresh prabhu on saturday inaugurated a mobile ticketing system for suburban railways at dadar station and said he would soon meet chief minister devendrafadnavis and union transport minister nitin gadkari to discuss a proposal on utilising bombay port trust (bpt) land for the expansion of harbour line of the suburban railways.
out of 2.
7 crore people who use railways daily, 75 to 80 lakh commuters are in mumbai alone.
we need to focus on providing the commuters better service using technology, prabhu said.
the minister said that 90 crore people in the country used mobile phones and the endeavour of the railways was to ensure that technology was used to make travel simpler.
under mobile ticketing system, an application needs to be downloaded for smartphones.
after registration, a unique login id and password are given, along with an r-wallet with zero balance.
as of now, this r-wallet can only be recharged at dadar station.
the facility will soon be extended to chhatrapati shivaji terminus, kurla, thane and kalyan stations and later to other stations in a phased manner.
the railway minister also inaugurated a new parcel management system at mumbai central station.
while buying the first ticket (dadar to khar road) through the mobile ticketing system, prabhu said process for modification of this system was under way so that tickets could be booked on mobile, much like reservation tickets.
mumbai.
a day after bjp and ncp workers raised slogans against each other at the chief ministers mahajanadesh yatra in baramati, devendrafadnavis on sunday took a dig at the ncp, saying the party was bullying others by not allowing their rallies in sharad pawars hometown.
advertisingseven people of ncp raised slogans at the mahajanadesh yatra.
there was no police action against them.
they ran away when the police approached them.
however, will it be okay if seven of our party workers start sloganeering at each rally by sharad pawar?
this is not the way to behave, fadanavis said in pune.
after ncp workers started raising slogans at the rally on saturday, bjp workers had responded, leading to a tense situation for a short while in baramati.
the cm on sunday said, does that (sloganeering by ncp workers) mean no leader of any other political party should hold rallies in baramati.
is article 370 in place there?
is baramati separate from maharashtra?
advertisingfadanavis said leaders from other parties were welcome to hold rallies in his hometown.
this is a democracy.
in a democracy, every political party has the right to hold public rallies.
if leaders from other parties want to come to my hometown, i will facilitate their rallies.
it seems as if the ground is slipping from under the ncps feet, which is why they dont want the chief minister to come to their town and address public meetings, fadanavis said.
on saturday, fadanavis had criticised the ncp in baramati, saying the recent exodus from the party was due to wrongdoing by the party leadership.
this had resulted in protest by ncp supporters.
the yatra had entered pune district on saturday and passed through baramati and indapur before entering pune city.
the yatra began once again on sunday from the city and headed towards satara, where the cm is going to hold a rally with udayanraje bhosale, descendant of chhatrapati shivaji maharaj who recently quit the ncp to join bjp.
baramati is the political bastion and home turf of the pawars.
while ncp chief sharad pawar is in the rajya sabha, his daughter supriya sule represents the baramati lok sabha constituency.
pawars nephew ajit pawar is mla from baramati assembly segment.
the proposal by the a ward office has marked out the 250-metre long stretch on kaikashru dubash marg at kala ghoda as the venue for the weekly event.
express the proposal by the a ward office has marked out the 250-metre long stretch on kaikashru dubash marg at kala ghoda as the venue for the weekly event.
expresseven though shiv sena leader aaditya thackerays idea of setting up an art gallery in the metro subway was derailed by the chief minister devendrafadnavis initiative of setting up a mumbai haat, his suggestion to turn kala ghoda into mumbais times square will now be implemented by the civic body .
promoting pedestrianisation of streets, municipal commissioner ajoy mehta gave his approval to a proposal on monday to set up an open art gallery and reserve the space only for pedestrians on saturdays and sundays.
the proposal by the a ward office has marked out the 250-metre long stretch on kaikashru dubash marg at kala ghoda as the venue for the weekly event.
artists will be able to take 1515-foot boxes on a nominal rent to showcase their art and the initiative is likely to take off october 1 onwards.
however, the bmc still needs a green signal from the traffic department since no vehicles will be allowed to access the road on the weekends.
we will approach the joint commissioner of traffic police as well as the local police station to check the feasibility of the proposal.
when implemented, artists can contact the ward office to seek approvals to set up their art work, said kiran dighavkar, assistant municipal commissioner of the ward.
lauding the civic bodys effort, thackeray said, we were trying to have more streets pedestrianised and the kala ghoda area is well suited for this.
this road would be open to all mumbaikars and artists, performers and it will bring the streets of kala ghoda alive and give a boost to mumbais art and culture, he said.
when asked about the kind of artists who would be interested in utilising this space, thackeray said the aim of the initiative is to give mumbaikars some streets where they can walk and enjoy the weekends as well as give budding artists a space.
a mix of amateur and proper artists would be preferable.
we can even include those who sketch around the jehangir art gallery and maybe even people who play the flute, he said.
after failed negotiations on seat sharing agreement and with no response from the bjp, the shiv sena on january 26 announced that it would go in alone.
(file) after failed negotiations on seat sharing agreement and with no response from the bjp, the shiv sena on january 26 announced that it would go in alone.
(file)from sena-bjp seat-sharing talks to mudslinging, heres how the campaign unfolded for elections to the brihanmumbai municipal corporation, the countrys richest civic body.
even though chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray had appeared to be keen on keeping their 20-year-old alliance, the two-week-long negotiations came to a halt after sena offered only 60 seats to its ally in response to the bjps demand for 114 seats, which included the seats of 40 sitting sena corporators.
bjp felt insulted, and the sena started sending out feelers of breaking the alliance.
on january 26, with no response from the bjp, the sena announced to go it alone.
watch video | bmc elections 2017: polling begins across maharashtra, mns chief raj thackeray casts his vote* after the alliance ended, both parties started levelling allegations and counter-allegations.
while the bjp asked the sena to introduce more transparency in the civic body, the latter asked the bjp to do the same in the state government and the union cabinet by allowing the opposition, the media and the lokayukta to attend its meetings.
* on january 27, candidates started filing nominations.
* meanwhile, mns approached sena on january 29 for an alliance without any condition.
the appeal was, however, dismissed by uddhav thackeray.
* until february 2, none of the major parties, such as bjp, sena and congress, had released their candidate lists, in order to reduce the chances of dissent among ticket aspirants.
no party, however, managed to contain rebellion as many threw hats in the ring against official candidates.
on february 9, sena expelled 26 rebels who are still in the fray and may ruin the prospects of official candidates.
bmc elections 2017 live updateswatch video | bmc polls: cm fadnavis, uddhav thackeray with family cast ballot* sena kicked off campaigning on february 4 with a massive rally addressed by uddhav thackeray in girgaum, a marathi-dominated area and senas bastion for long.
uddhav was joined by his son and yuva sena head aaditya thackeray in subsequent roadshows and rallies.
uddhav thackeray in girgaum, a marathi-dominated area and senas bastion for long.
he was joined by his son and yuva sena head aaditya thackeray in subsequent roadshows and rallies.
uddhav thackeray in girgaum, a marathi-dominated area and senas bastion for long.
he was joined by his son and yuva sena head aaditya thackeray in subsequent roadshows and rallies.
* on february 5, bjp started campaigning by paying their respects at the sanyukt maharashtra memorial at hutatma chowk in fort and pledging to bring in transparency and corruption-free governance in the civic body.
* sena had already released its manifesto on january 23, the birth anniversary of party founder the late bal thackeray, while bjp released its 20-page manifesto designed in the form of an affidavit on a stamp paper on february 7.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray with son aaditya thackeray and senior leader manohar joshi releasing the partys manifesto in the city on monday.
(source: pti ) shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray with son aaditya thackeray and senior leader manohar joshi releasing the partys manifesto in the city on monday.
(source: pti )* both parties continued to level allegations against each other on hoardings, rallies as well as on social media.
while fadnavis called sena extortionist, sena termed bjp a party of goons.
in another such instance, sena said prime minister narendra modis demonetisation decision had brought emergency-like situation in the country, and fadnavis countered that only those affected by demonetisation were criticising it.
* bjp continuously spoke of a secret pact between sena and congress, with various bjp leaders including vinod tawde claiming that there was an alliance on 50 seats between the two parties.
both congress and sena dismissed the allegations as baseless.
* on february 18, major political parties organised their final rallies.
responding to bjps allegations of thackeray pocketing the nullah scam money, the latter said money from the ganga-clean up scam had gone into modis pockets in that case.
* bjp focussed its campaign primarily on promises of development.
at a rally on february 18, fadnavis promised that slum-dwellers would get 305 square feet houses, bigger than the current measurements of 269 sq ft under the slum rehabilitation authority (sra) scheme, if bjp was voted to power.
he also promised in situ rehabilitation of 50,000 slum-dwellers in the mumbai airport area.
* as tussle between the long-term alliance partners intensified, mns, ncp and congress dared sena to withdraw its support from the state government on various occasions.
b'chief minister devendra fadnavis.
chief minister devendra fadnavis.
chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday had to face fire from the opposition for his strong defence of senior bjp leader eknath khadse a day earlier.
nationalist congress party leader dhananjay munde even demanded his resignation over the issue.
speaking at the inaugural session of the bjps state executive meeting in pune on saturday, fadnavis had said that allegations being raised against his ministers  women and child development minister pankaja munde, education minister vinod tawde and water resources minister girish mahajan  were false propaganda by the opposition.
he has also said khadse, who is facing an inquiry over allegations of impropriety and graft, would come out unscathed after the agnipariksha (trial by fire).
watch video: whats making newson sunday, the ncp targeted mr. clean fadnavis, by questioning how he was issuing a clean chit to khadse when an inquiry was to be conducted.
his clean chit to khadse is as good as a permission to ministers to persist with graft, munde tweeted.
while fadnaviss defence of his tainted colleagues is being seen in political circles as the bjps attempt to keep its flock together ahead of local body polls in 26 zilla parishads and 10 municipalities including mumbai, state functionaries admitted that the cms own clean image was on the line.
the bjp had come to power in maharashtra on the promise of zero tolerance to corruption.
meanwhile, it has come to light that both khadse and mahajan had concealed in their election affidavits the fact that they were directors of tapi purni sugar factory ltd .
land purchased by the firms directors purportedly to set up a sugar factory in jalgaons bhusawal is already under scanner.
b'chief ministers should not be negotiating with those aggressively violating the laws of the land, and laws of simple decency.
chief ministers should not be negotiating with those aggressively violating the laws of the land, and laws of simple decency.
for the first time, india has publicised the fact that it had conducted surgical strikes against terror camps across the loc.
while the strikes were a welcome surprise, what was a complete, and unwelcome, surprise was the reaction of so-called indian patriots.
these patriots first questioned the veracity of the strike  listen, it did not take place.
and how do we know that?
because the pakistan army has denied that the strike took place.
and, of course, we should believe the pakistan army because they are recognised around the world, and especially in india, as ones who always speak the truth.
note the following truths about the pakistan army and/or its believers: the us did not land a man on the moon and the attack on the taj hotel in mumbai in 2008 never took place.
okay, it took place, but no role was played in it by any pakistani terrorist, let alone one financed by the pakistani army.
when the surgery was finally accepted, the patriots doubled down on their intellectual losses.
okay, the strike did take place but it was unworthy of the bjp politicians to publicly announce it and take advantage of the success of the indian army.
when this stupidity was recognised for what it was (is), the patriots tripled down on their losses and orated that in the forthcoming state elections the government should abstain from commenting on s3 (surgical strike success).
let me see  the bjp cannot claim success for bringing the inflation rate down because that was entirely due to the decline in the price of oil, failing which it was entirely due to the rbi, failing which look, all of this is quite absurd and doesnt behoove politicians (especially failed politicians) to act so transparently stupid.
let us acknowledge the success of both the government and the army.
the government for initiating the strike, and, unlike previous governments, for drawing the line in the sand.
it is heartening to note from shivshankar menon, the foreign secretary at the time of the mumbai attack, that the upa government did seriously consider the option of striking after terrorist attacks, post-mumbai.
it is another matter upa did not go through with what would have been a welcome precedent.
but at least they did consider it.
another unwelcome bit of patriotism is shown by those who would prevent co-operation between private individuals.
hiring pakistani actors is unpatriotic, maybe even treason, so opine a small set of politicians in maharashtra.
not small enough for chief minister of maharashtra, devendrafadnavis (of beef ban and shouting bharat mata ki jai and no water supply help to drought-hit latur for two years fame) to smoke a hostage pipe with the nationalist patriots (np).
the hostage in question: the highly talented, personable, young and brilliant film director karan johar.
johar had apparently violated all norms of decency and humanity by casting actors whose passports said they were born in pakistan.
this anti-national crime could not be tolerated since pakistanis had been involved in terrorist crimes on indian soil.
the np threatened to sabotage the films release and prevent it from being shown anywhere in the home state of bollywood, maharashtra  and with promises to sabotage it, insha allah, anywhere else in india.
enter fadnavis to save the day for the nps.
the deal brokered with the np was that johar had to deposit rs 5 crore with the army welfare fund as part compensation for crimes committed.
in addition, johar had to promise that he will not cast any pakistani actors in a future film.
in addition, johar had to appear in a hostage video (available on youtube) to confess to his crimes and how he would reform himself.
time for confessions a la siddarth varadarajan jaccuse i confess (october 22, thewire.
in).
in a touching article, varadarajan confessed to associating with pakistanis over the years, and even having several friends.
well, i have several very close lifelong pakistani friends and i find the np interference in the private lives of citizens very offensive, morally and otherwise.
pakistan itself has suffered, and is suffering, from terrorism, and the nps should realise that people across the world, regardless of colour, race, religion or citizenship are united against violence, especially terrorist violence.
we should realise that exchanges of culture are what bind together the twins separated at birth.
chief ministers should not be negotiating with those aggressively violating the laws of the land, and laws of simple decency.
some retired indian army generals have unofficially refused to accept any money from johar.
there is justice in india, just that sometimes it is very hard to find.
finally, on a lighter note, and with a joke.
the supreme court is troubled deeply about the prevalence of sardar jokes and is seeking instruments to lessen the damage to the psyche of young and old sikhs that the jokes are causing!
actually, that is not a joke.
the sc has entertained a pil in this regard (does it not have better subjects to adjudicate on with its learned wisdom?
).
a panel headed by former supreme court justice h. s. bedi has submitted an 800-page report on the subject which concludes that some jokes are akin to ragging and opines: negative stereotyping, mocking, base sense of humour can leave indelible, irreversible and irreparable impact on the psyche of impressionable minds.
again, i want to emphasise that the above is true and not a joke.
the bombay high court wednesday directed that notices be issued to chief minister devendrafadnavis , the state government and the contractor of the pune-mumbai expressway in a matter seeking to revoke the right of the contractor to collect toll along the road.
according to the public interest litigation (pil) filed by four petitioners, including activist pravin wategaonkar, the contracted total toll income of rs 2,869 crore has been achieved and the contractor has made a wrongful gain of around rs 325 crore as of march this year.
the chief minister announced the decision to completely close 12 toll plazas across the state on april 10, 2015.
he further announced the decision to exempt light motor vehicles from payment of toll on 53 toll plazas across maharashtra from june 1 2015.
a separate committee under then additional chief secretary anand kulkarni was formed to look into the issue of exemption of light motor vehicles on mumbai-pune expressway and five entry points to mumbai.
the committee would submit a report by july 31, 2015, read the petition.
however, after three extensions and re-constitution of the committee, it submitted a report in april 2016 and the same is under consideration of the government since the past 12 months, the petition claims.
one of the petitioners received a letter from maharashtra state road development corporation stating that the cumulative toll collection on mumbai-pune expressway since beginning of the contract in august 2004-05 is about rs. 3,215 crore.
the contractor was entitled to rs. 2,869 crore in respect of mumbai-pune expressway and has achieved a wrongful gain of rs. 346 crore, the petition said.
the petition seeks directions to the government to revoke the contractors right to collect toll on the mumbai-pune expressway till august 2019.
it also seeks orders from court, after examining the legality of the matter, to declare the procedure followed inabolishing toll and granting exemption to light motor vehicles from payment of toll violative of the provisions of the constitution.
the case is likely to be heard on april 25.
b'women and child development minister maneka gandhi says the society will itself level it out.
there should not be any political comment on it.
women and child development minister maneka gandhi says the society will itself level it out.
there should not be any political comment on it.
in the midst of women demanding access to shani shingnapur temple and other sacred places in maharashtra, women and child development minister maneka gandhi friday said the matter should be left to the society to decide.
the society will itself level it out.
there should not be any political comment on it, gandhi said.
womens outfits have been spearheading campaign against centuries-old ban on female devotees entering the sanctum sanctorum of shani shingnapur temple in maharashtra.
over 400 women had launched a protest against the tradition of not allowing women at the inner platform (chauthara) of the temple where only men are permitted to make offerings to the deity (shani).
they have submitted a memorandum to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis seeking his support to end gender bias and allow womens entry at the temple and all other sacred places in the state.
at the municipal commissioners office wednesday.
(source: express photo)ahead of the october 31 swearing-in ceremony for maharashtras new chief minister devendrafadnavis , it was a different oath-taking function held wednesday at the fort-based headquarters of the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), which has often been in the dock over allegations of corruption against its staff.
a little after the civic bodys office opened, senior officials assembled at the municipal commissioner sitaram kuntes chamber and were read out an oath against corruption.
the oath was read by the municipal commissioner, additional municipal commissioners, deputy municipal commissioners from different zones and other senior civic officials as part of the vigilance awareness week in the bmc from october 27 to november 1.
the oath, which was in marathi, reads, we, the government servants of india, hereby solemnly pledge that we will consistently strive to bring about integrity and transparency in all our fields of work.
we also pledge that we will make the utmost efforts to eradicate corruption from all walks of life.
we will stay alert and work for the growth and reputation of our organisation.
through our collective efforts, we will make our organisations proud and provide valuable service to our fellow countrymen.
we will sincerely discharge our duties without fear or favour.
the civic body has been propagating the anti-corruption message across all the wards in the city through the awareness week.
a senior official from the public relations department of the civic body said, all the senior civic officials were asked to take the oath prepared by the general administration department of the state government.
the vigilance awareness week, which has been endorsed by both president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendra modi, is being observed by all government organisations across the country with the theme being combating corruption  technology as an enabler.
the bmc has maintained that it has already been fighting corruption by introducing online services like the mcgm 247 application, e-governance and other it initiatives.
mumbai.
with a state government that believes in inclusive governance, four student groups from the city now have a chance to actively participate in policy-making.
the students, who grabbed winning spots in four themes of the transform maharashtra competition, will present their ideas to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the government is mulling the feasibility of the proposals for they may now be converted to policies.
all the solutions have been sent to the relevant departments within the government and based on the outcome of the feasibility check, policy-level decision shall be taken, said nidhi kamdar, officer on special duty in the cms office.
the students are now busy preparing for the finale of the competition on may 1.
drona, a team from the indian institute of technology, bombay, has proposed a technology solution to address drought and the resultant indebtedness of the farmers.
their policy-plan aims at encouraging watershed management programmes in rural areas with the help of sdss (sloan digital sky survey) to identify critical areas for implementation.
they have recommended the use of satellite imagery and drones for collecting accurate data in less time.
shivam pundir, a team member, said the team was motivated by the cms novel idea of seeking students assistance.
students of veermata jijabai technological institute (vjti) have proposed the establishment of start-up centres in every district for providing guidance and capital investment to business aspirants.
omkar patil, from the team maharashtrians which won in the theme launchpad: start-up maharashtra, said: it (start-up centre) is very much relevant today and we, as students, found it quite relatable.
another team from vjti has made it to the finale.
under the theme leap of faith aimed at bridging the digital divide in rural pocket, team morphosis from dwarkadas j sanghvi college of engineering, vile parle, will be making the presentation.
transform maharashtra was launched by fadnavis on december 16.
b'maharashtra health minister deepak sawants personal secretary allegedly asked personal and innapropriate questions for two hours to the doctor when she went to present a project to the minister.
file photo/agencies.
maharashtra health minister deepak sawants personal secretary allegedly asked personal and innapropriate questions for two hours to the doctor when she went to present a project to the minister.
file photo/agencies.
a woman doctor from jalgaon district has written a letter to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis alleging she was harassed by the state health minister deepak sawants personal secretary, a charge denied by the official.
sawants personal secretary (ps) sunil mali has rubbished her charges stating it as a conspiracy to defame him.
the 26-year-old doctor had recently claimed to have fully digitised a primary health centre (phc), in terms of equipment and data, at patonda village in jalgaon district of the state.
watch video: whats making newsmali asked inappropriate and personal questions from me for around two hours in the ministers ante-chamber, when i went to sawant to give him a presentation on replicating her project across 1,800 phcs across the state, the doctor alleged.
in march, during the budget session, i had given a presentation to sawant to replicate the project across the states 1,800 phcs.
after the presentation, the ministers ps sunil mali kept me in the ministers ante-chamber for about two hours and asked me about my personal life against my wishes, she alleged.
he tried to convince me that everyone needs a godfather in the government to get their projects implemented.
i have complained to the chief minister and demanded his immediate ouster, she claimed.
asked why she did not raise the issue for three months, the doctor said she feared that she would be transferred from the patonda phc.
now when some people have come forward to complain against him for his alleged involvement in corruption in transfer of officials, i mustered up the courage to speak up, she said.
meanwhile, mali said, it is a conspiracy to defame me.
all allegations levelled against me are baseless.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(pti photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(pti photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis emerged as the face of bjp during its campaign for civic elections across maharashtra.
in an interview with indian express, he speaks on the tie-up with shiv sena, possibility of any post-poll alliance and the chances of his party in mumbai and other civic bodies going to polls tuesday.
excerpts.
why did mumbai polls assume a larger-than-life significance this time, triggering debates from the city to delhi?
mumbai is the economic capital, which surely holds appeal across sections and transcends boundaries beyond maharashtra.
for the first time, bjp emerged as a credible alternative to the shiv sena, where we pitched our campaign on development plank.
in the absence of an emotive plank and the high anti-incumbency factor, shiv sena tactically kept its attack on prime minister narendra modi and targeted me personally, trying to take the centre stage.
senas aggression was an outcome of (its) shaky ground and growing challenge from the bjp.
watch video | bmc polls: cm fadnavis, uddhav thackeray with family cast ballotwatch video | bmc elections 2017: polling begins across maharashtra, mns chief raj thackeray casts his votehow does one justify the ugly war of words between uddhav thackeray and devendra fadnavis?
at the 71 rallies across the state, only 11 of which was in mumbai, i never hit uddhavji below the belt.
whether it is mumbai or maharashtra, 80 to 90 per cent of my speech is devoted to development plank and only 10 to 20 per cent to politics.
my politics is centred on development and not demolition.
my politics is not based on hatred.
you had often said uddhav and your relationship was founded on love and respect for each other?
where does it stand now?
i dont mix my politics with personal relationships.
as far as my relation with uddhavji is concerned, it will remain same and cordial irrespective of politics and electoral outcome.
i always value every human being.
is bjp working on a sena-mukt mumbai?
we are working on a corruption-free mumbai and maharashtra.
nobody can finish any party or person.
it is the people who have the power to elect or retire a party or an individual.
click here for live updates on bmc pollswatch video | bmc polls: b-town celebs subhash ghai, vishal dadlani, shraddha kapoor cast their votesshiv sena has put you on notice.
is it going to be difficult ahead to run the coalition government (in the state)?
my government is stable and will last full five years term.
the bjp-shiv sena coalition is a public mandate, which they also know cannot be dishonoured.
shiv senas edge is mumbai, a fact that congress-ncp had always reconciled in the past.
how do you view this?
yes, their expectations were bjp should leave mumbai to sena.
in 2014 assembly elections, bjp got 15 seats and sena 14 seats in mumbai.
yet, trying to accommodate their concern, i agreed to a pre-poll formula of 122 seats for sena and 105 for bjp.
but my condition was transparency.
this was not acceptable to sena.
how could i compromise on rampant corruption in bmc?
i have been receiving complains daily on their poor and corrupt functioning in the bmc.
does it not stir your conscious when public money worth rs 8,000 crore goes down the drain in name of nullah safai, or rs 2,500-crore corruption on roads, or crores pocketed in the name of garbage cleaning at dumping grounds?
click here for live updates on pmc pollsin case of a fractured mandate, will bjp and sena go for post-poll alliance?
i am confident of bjp getting close to majority on its own.
are you open on post-poll alliance or not?
the condition of transparency will remain non-negotiable in a post-poll alliance too.
the bjp will not hanker for any position of power or make post a prestige.
however, transparency will be our topmost priority to make bmc corruption-free.
it is my promise to the people of mumbai.
trust my word was your campaign catchline.
why should mumbaikars believe you?
i have delivered results in development.
it is not a mere poll promise but my pledge to the mumbaikars.
transformation of mumbai is now a reality and process has begun with my government bringing mega investments worth rs 1.
06 crore.
mumbai belongs to mumbaikars.
your critics accuse you of being an outsider (in mumbai) from vidarbha.
on one hand they talk about samyukta (united) maharashtra, and on the other hand make such regional discrimination against individuals.
(ncp chief) sharad pawar says you dont even know mumbai and maharashtra.
by the time i am of his age, i will know.
but whatever little i understand, it is reflected in my work and commitment to the poor people.
i know the pulse of the people.
i know how to serve the people.
what are the challenges as you fight three rivals  sena, ncp and congress  in zilla parishad and municipal corporation polls?
i have campaigned in all 25 zilla parishads and ten municipal corporations, and can state with absolute certainty that lotus will be in full bloom.
the bjps expansion in every taluka, which was congress-ncp bastion in western maharashtra, will give the organisation a quantum jump.
whether it is pune, pimpri-chinchwad, solapur, bjp will make huge gains to establish its leadership in zilla parishad and civic polls.
in true sense, the bjps pan-indian image will get boost.
you have emerged as the sole face of bjp in maharashtra, on the lines of modi at the centre.
i dont subscribe to this theory.
i personally believe nobody is above the party.
the organisation is the backbone of any government or election and karyakarta its soul.
yes, i have emerged as the face because i happen to be the chief minister of maharashtra.
it was my partys decision to project me to counter the way shiv sena designed its personality-oriented campaign led by uddhav thackeray.
but let me assure that no matter what post and position i hold, at the heart, i always remain a bjp karyakarta.
to me, the title of bjp karyakarta is most sacrosanct.
do you justify tickets to criminals in the name of elective merit?
if you look at the list of candidates shiv sena tops with maximum tickets to criminals.
the bjp has not given tickets to any hardcore criminal.
i firmly feel there should be total decriminalisation of politics.
and people should also ensure those with criminal backgrounds are not elected.
in bjp, there was unrest because of tickets to outsiders?
almost 89 to 92 per cent candidates are from the bjp.
only 8 to 11 per cent were from outside selected on electoral merit.
now, even when one bjp candidate gets tickets, there are six aspirants who are unhappy.
the discontent is more when it is an outsider.
but that is shortlived.
whether it is shiv sena, swabhimani shetkari sanghatana or rpi, they all accuse bjp of using the allies and dumping them?
to the contrary, we have given our allies more space and share in power both at the centre and in the state.
sadabhau khot of sss is a minister in my government.
ramdas athawale is a minister in the union government.
now, in zilla parishad, sss wanted to contest alone as did sena.
each party likes to have its own identity.
it is fine.
will demonetisation cast its shadow on polls?
across rural and urban areas, there is growing hunger for development among the people where our development plank has struck a positive chord.
the people had to face some hardships due to demonetisation for a few months.
but narendra modiji has explained how it has helped to check corruption, which is accepted by the people.
chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (file photo)coming under the scanner for issuing a circular banning display of religious pictures and rituals in offices and state-run schools, the maharashtra government has recalled the order and a show cause notice was slapped on the official who sent it across the state without getting a nod from his superiors.
the clarification in this regard was made on friday as shiv sena ministers met chief minister devendrafadnavis demanding withdrawal of the circular, a day after sena chief uddhav thackeray attacked the government over it.
soon after the meet, state education minister vinod tawde said the government has already revoked the order and action has been ordered against the official concerned.
the show cause notice has been issued to the desk officer who sent the letter regarding no religious activities in government offices.
he had sent the letter without prior permission of the deputy secretary.
clarification regarding the same was made on january 25, but still it was mentioned in the january 26 speech (referring to sena president uddhav thackerays criticism of bjp over the order), tawde said.
a leader of a political party (thackeray) should not say anything without verifying.
shiv sena ministers are misguiding their leaders and public at large, he said.
earlier, when sena ministers met fadnavis to make a formal representation on the issue, he had assured the delegation that the circular would be revoked.
the circular was issued by the rural development department to all district councils on january 4.
it stated that putting up photos of gods and religious figures or religious texts or celebration of religious festivals and pujas in government offices, semi-government offices, offices of local bodies, state-run educational institutions is against the provisions of the constitution.
it further directed the district councils to uphold the values of the constitution by immediately removing all religious pictures/texts/deities and stop pujas and celebrations.
officials had also been asked to remove such slogans or portraits respectfully.
yesterday, thackeray had slammed the state government over the circular, alleging that ministers from his party were not taken into confidence before issuing it.
where was your transparency before you took this decision?
why were sena ministers not taken into confidence?
had they been, they would have strongly protested it, he had said.
wondering as to why pictures of deities could not be displayed in offices, the sena chief had said that he accepted secularism, but it should be applied without discrimination.
unworthy people are sitting in the government.
do they not understand that people do not keep performing pooja in government offices all day?
if you have the courage, implement the uniform civil code as well, he had said.
promising to make maharashtra drought-free in the next five years, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday embarked on the mahajanadesh yatra, seeking absolute majority in the upcoming state polls.
advertisingspeaking at a rally in amravati districts gurukunj morjari, in the presence of defence minister rajnath singh, fadnavis said: my biggest concern is drought.
even after ushering in sweeping reforms in multiple sectors, drought-free maharashtra is yet to be accomplished.
in the next five years, we will make maharashtra drought free.
i promise the people that we will not allow the next generation to go through hardships that come with drought.
this is my resolve and commitment to the people and farmers, he added.
taking on the opposition, fadnavis said that in the last five years, his government has spent rs 50,000 crore for farmer welfare, compared to less than rs 20,000 crore allocated during the 15 years of congress-ncp rule.
advertisinghe added that the yatra is aimed at giving an account to the people what the bjp-led government had done in the last five years.
i am confident of getting absolute majority in the elections.
there is no ambiguity about our return to power, the cm said.
speaking on the occasion, rajnath described fadnavis as a charismatic leader.
at the young age of 44, when he took over the reins of maharashtra, many had wondered if he would be able to rule such a complex state.
but he has proved his mettle five years ago, he had succeeded in winning the confidence of the people.
now, in the next five years, i am confident that he will live in the heart of every individual through his good governance.
in the first phase of yatra, which will continue till august 9, fadnavis will visit vidarbha and parts of north maharashtra.
(source: express photo by vasant prabhu/ file) (source: express photo by vasant prabhu/ file)union railway minister suresh prabhu on monday conveyed to the maharashtra government that rfq (request for quotation) for the ambitious elevated corridors between churchgate-virar and cst-panvel would be called by august 15.
the developments come in the wake of chief minister devendrafadnavis requesting the centre to fast-track mega-mumbai projects conceived and approved in the last 20 months.
during his delhi visit, fadnavis held a meeting with the railway minister to pursue the elevated railway and road corridor, estimated to cost rs 20,000 crore.
the project, a joint venture of railways and state government through a special purpose vehicle in public-private partnership, is being pushed vigorously by prabhu and fadnavis.
ahead of the crucial bmc elections in early 2017, the state government is keen on pursuing city-based projects.
watch video: whats making newsmumbai bjp chief ashish shelar believes the project will help in bringing relief to half-a- million commuters going through the daily grind in the metropolis.
highly placed sources in the government said, notwithstanding the complexities related to land acquisition and the need for realignments there is absolutely no ambiguity about the project.
fadnavis had indicated that the governments foremost concern is to provide an effective mode of transport to mumbaikars and those living in extended suburbs.
another aspect relates to connectivity between mumbai and navi mumbai, where the international airport is underway and expected to complete by 2019.
as per original plans, the churchgate-vivar stretch entailed 63.
27 km along the western line, approximately 42 km of elevated stretch and 8 km underground, and 12 km grad.
however, sources indicated that exact realignment is still underway for the two phases project which would be bandra-virar and churchgate-bandra.
cst-panvel stretch remains unaltered.
along with elevated rail corridors, it has also proposed six lane road on the same pier erected for the railway corridors.
while indicating that the nitty-gritty of alignments would further require fine-tuning, officials indicated, both prabhu and fadnavis have set the pitch for the project to process work by august 15.
the state government already held series of meetings with the railway ministry.
the push for the mega-projects have seen the centre-state tapping various overseas investors who would provide low interest loans for spread over 30 to 40 years to take its infrastructure projects to the logical end.
the elevated railway corridor was first discussed in 2007.
but successive congress-ncp government in maharashtra and centre could never take the project to its logical end.
the project at least twice was revived and again shelved due to differences within the congress-ncp, the state administration and the union railways.
in 2014, bjp and the state decided to go ahead with the project, which it believes would help in decongestion of traffic both in trains and roads.
b'davendra fadnavis, came of in the defense of maharashtra revenue minster eknath khadse saying the he would soon come out clean after the inquiry is over.
davendra fadnavis, came of in the defense of maharashtra revenue minster eknath khadse saying the he would soon come out clean after the inquiry is over.
controversy related to former state revenue minister eknath khadse that led to his resignation has now cast its shadow on the two-day bjp state executive meeting which started saturday.
giving a clean chit to the senior bjp leader, chief minister devendrafadnavis urged the party cadre to aggressively take on those defaming khadse and the bjp.
there is no substance in the allegations against khadse.
he has resigned from the state cabinet.
he is facing an inquiry on the issue and will soon come out clean, said fadnavis.
the ministers in the previous state government of the congress-ncp alliance should return land grabbed during their tenure and then make allegations against the present government, said fadnavis.
the opposition is targetting the state ministers.
khadse would come out clean and i will not speak more as enquiry is going on.
the chief minister said that he was clarifying the stand on the allegations of land grabbing against khadse and state bjp chief raosaheb danve to ensure that there was no confusion among party workers on the same.
the opposition has launched a campaign to defame the bjp leaders through false allegations.
the bjp workers should not remain quiet and should hit back against those making corruption allegations,fadnavis added that the opposition was trying to put pressure on the state government to hide their own corrupt practices.
the chief minister said that the state government would expose the corruption of the congress and ncp leaders who did not have any moral authority to make allegations against the present government.
he also asked party workers to put all their might in the forthcoming civic polls to change the face of maharashtra by getting the party in power in the local civic bodies.
after inaugurating the two-day state executive meet, union urban development minister venkaiah naidu said that khadse had set a good example by resigning from the state cabinet and facing the enquiry on the allegations against him.
during the opening ceremony, khadse was present on the dias and shared a chair along side the chief minister.
others present on the occasion were union environment minister prakash javadekar, union economic affairs minister piyush goyal, raosaheb danve, other state ministers, mps and mlas, party office bearers.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis will launch a shivar samwad sabha today to reach out to farmers in the state and address their issues.
the four-day initiative is being launched amid the rising resentment among farmers across the state over delay in procurement of tur this year.
nearly 4,000 elected representatives of the party will participate in the campaign and hold meetings with farmers at various locations.
according to a press release issued by the bjp yesterday, the partys representatives, including mps, mlas, zilla parishad members and corporators, will engage in a dialogue with farmers to know about their issues and take their feedback on various decisions taken by the government in the last two-and-half years.
each leader will hold four meetings everyday.
on day one, fadnavis will meet farmers in latur district of marathwada region, while bjps state unit president raosaheb patil will interact with the cultivators in nandurbar district in north maharashtra.
other leaders like revenue minister chandrakant patil will meet farmers in kolhapur, finance minister sudhir mungantiwar in chandrapur, education minister vinod tawde in ratnagiri and rural development minister pankaja munde in beed.
the chief minister, during his speech at bjp state working committees meeting last month in pimpri chinchwad near pune, had announced that the party will hold the shivar samwad sabha in the state.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis this evening welcomed the release of indian solider chandu chavan, who hails from dhule district of north maharashtra.
very happy that our brave son from dhule, maharashtra #chanduchavan returns back to india.
sincere thanks to goi for the great efforts!
, the cm tweeted.
chandu babulal chavan (22), posted with 37 rashtriya rifles, had mistakenly crossed the boundary in kashmir hours after indias surgical strikes on terrorist bases across the loc last september.
he was arrested by pakistani authorities.
chavan belongs to bor vihir village in dhule district.
ncps women candidates contesting the pmc polls.
the party launched its campaign with leader ajit pawar holding a rally near sarasbaug.
pavan khengre ncps women candidates contesting the pmc polls.
the party launched its campaign with leader ajit pawar holding a rally near sarasbaug.
pavan khengrethe ajit pawar-led ncp, which has been struggling to keep its flock together in pimpri-chinchwad with bjp importing several of its top leaders, has made what its own leaders and even opponents describe smart move to checkmate the rampaging saffron party whose poll gameplan is being controlled directly by none other than the chief minister, devendrafadnavis , himself.
the ncp has fielded several of its heavyweight leaders that includes as many as 49 corporators and 12 former corporators, who it, believes, will take the party to the safeshore.
of the 128 seats, it has fielded candidates in 126 seats.
for starters, the ncp has made kasarwadi-sant tukaram nagar panel a safe seat for yogesh behl, who is considered as the right-hand man of ajit pawar and who played an important role in picking the right candidates.
ncp roped in shyam lande, a sena leader, at the eleventh hour.
lande was the only strong opponent for behl.
behl now faces bjp leader yeshwant bhosale, who till a month back was with ncp.
behl had defeated bhosale in all the past elections in the last 20 years.
besides behl, ncp has again fielded top women leader, mangala kadam, from sambhajinagar area.
kadam, when she was mayor a few years back, had created a record of sorts by attending over 5,000 public functions, reflecting her popularity in the area.
she was subsequently made the ncp house leader  a post she held till the house was dissolved.
mayor shakuntala darade, who was considered close to bjp pimpri-chinchwad president laxman jagtap, stayed with the ncp.
the party has again fielded her from pimple gurav area.
former deputy mayor dabbu aswani has been asked to contest from pimpri.
aswani had defeated amar moolchandani in pimpri in last elections.
moolchandani was considered unbeatable in pimpri.
the ncp has again put its faith in aswani to cast his magic in pimpri, which has a huge presence of sindhi community.
similarly, outgoing former mayor prabhakar waghere, will contest from pimprigaon area.
rs kumar, a former mayor and a sitting corporator, has won past six elections.
he has again been asked to swing things in favour of the party in pradhikaran panel.
vilas nandgude, a former standing committee chairman, has been fielded from pimple nilakh.
sitting corporator ajit gavahane, a former standing committee chairperson, who has a good hold in bhosari has also again been fielded by ncp.
bhosari has become a tough challenge for ncp after independent mahesh landge switched over to bjp.
ncp believes that gavahane will rise to the occasion on the treacherous bhosari terrain.
ncp has, however, refused to field its controversial leader prashant shitole, a former standing committee chairman, from sangvi.
the party, instead, has favoured sitting corporator atul shitole.
besides its own old guards, ncp has also fielded bhausaheb bhoir in chinchwad who was imported from the congress and rahul bhosale, the former opposition leader from nehrunagar.
both bhoir and bhosale are popular leaders in their areas.
reacting to their trust on tried and tested leaders, behl said, we have fielded those who we believe are sure-shot winners.
the bjp snatched several of our corporators and leaders.
yet, we still have match winners in our ranks, said behl.
bjp has fielded 15 corporators who it had imported from ncp.
other than eknath pawar and vilas medigiri, they dont have many known faces.
bjp has denied tickets to its experienced hands like mahesh kulkarni, raju durge and babu nair.
seema sawale, who shifted from shiv sena to bjp, is the only strong woman candidate.
she had won twice with a wafer-thin margin from baljinagar-indrayaninagar area.
they (ncp leaders) shifted to us on their ownbecause they knew ncp ship is sinking, said sarang kamtekar, general secretary of bjp.
shiv sena is set to emerge as the largest party in mumbai, while the bjp is ahead in other cities across maharashtra in civic polls (representational image) shiv sena is set to emerge as the largest party in mumbai, while the bjp is ahead in other cities across maharashtra in civic polls (representational image)the shiv sena is set to emerge as the largest party in mumbai, while the bjp is ahead in other cities across maharashtra in civic polls as trends on thursday showed the congress and the ncp trailing far behind them.
the sena is leading in 93 seats and the bjp in 61 as trends of counting of votes for the 227-member brihanmumbai municipal corporation, where the saffron allies are locked in a battle, poured in.
the congress and the ncp are trailing way behind the sena and the bjp, leading in 22 and 7 seats, respectively.
the mns is leading in 10 seats, a state election commission official said.
in the adjoining thane civic body also, the sena is maintaining its supremacy.
the sena has been controlling the bmc for the last two decades with the backing of the bjp, but this time the two parties parted ways and decided to go it alone, leading to a high-voltage campaign for the civic election.
meanwhile, in pune, nashik and nagpur civic bodies, the bjp is ahead of its rivals.
in pune, the bjp is set to make decisive gains at the cost of sharad pawar-led ncp.
in nagpur, the hometown of chief minister devendrafadnavis , it is ahead of its rivals.
as per trends coming in from the other city corporations, zilla parishads and panchayat samitis, the bjp has won 15 seats and shiv sena 9 in the 122-member nashik municipal corporation.
besides, the shiv sena was leading in 18 seats, bjp in 14, and mns, ncp and congress in 2 seats each in the nashik civic body.
the ruling mns appeared to be in for a severe drubbing in nashik.
the civic polls, especially in the countrys financial hub mumbai, have generated much political heat on account of the fierce fight between the bjp and the sena, despite they sharing power in the state and at the centre.
the battle of the estranged allies has put a question mark on the stability of the bjp-led ministry in the state as the sena had been tenacious in its attack on the senior partner and the centres demonetisation policy.
the stakes are high for chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, who led their parties from the front and were involved in a high decibel and no-holds-barred campaign.
apart from mumbai, the municipal corporations which went to the polls were thane, ulhasnagar, nashik, pune, pimpri-chinchwad, solapur, akola, amravati and nagpur.
the big poll focus is on the bmc, retaining control of which is vital for the sena as the city has remained its prime political space ever since the partys formation in 1966.
it has been in power in the bmc for over two decades.
b'maharashtra revenue minister eknath khadse maharashtra revenue minister eknath khadseeknath khadse, the revenue minister in the bjp-led government in maharashtra, has submitted his resignation to chief minister devendrafadnavis after allegations of impropriety surfaced against him in a land deal in pune.
the resignation came minutes after khadse met fadnavis at the latters residence.
khadses troubles had aggravated over the last 15 days after pune-based realtor hemant gavande made serious charges of land grabbing against him.
gavande alleged that khadse had misused his position as the state revenue minister to illegally execute sales deeds for a three-acre industrial plot at bhosari in pune district in the name of his wife and son-in-law.
khadse has denied any wrong doing in the affair.
gavande, speaking to the indian express, said he will continue his crusade till he reaches the logical end.
also read | decided to resign because of sustained campaign to malign my image: eknath khadsei had never asked for the resignation of khadse.
my fight is to see that justice is done in this case, he said.
at a press conference in mumbai, khadse said no one has been able to submit proof of any wrongdoing.
i have been in politics for 40 years now, and i have never seen such kind of a media trial, he said.
also read: how khadses family undervalued 3-acre plothe added that he requested the chief minister to investigate the issue.
the move came after the central leadership of the bjp sent him a clear and stern signal that he had no option but to quit since his continuance would damage the image of the ministry led by the party.
an unfazed khadse had till last evening said that he has not received any directive from the bjp central leadership on the charges against him which he dubbed as baseless.
also read: after kins deal, khadse played minister, hiked rateshowever, the central leadership sent him a clear and stern signal that he had no option but to quit since his continuance would damage the image of the ministry led by the party and give leverage to the opposition to challenge the bjps commitment to provide corruption-free rule.
not only the opposition congress and the ncp, but ally shiv sena also demanded that khadse be forced out of the cabinet.
the 3 acre plot of land in bhosari area of pimpri -chinchwad where industrial units came up 30 years ago (photo by manoj more) the 3 acre plot of land in bhosari area of pimpri -chinchwad where industrial units came up 30 years ago (photo by manoj more)besides the land deal, khadse is also under the scanner after his mobile number reportedly appeared in the call records of fugitive don dawood ibrahim.
fadnavis had earlier met prime minister narendra modi and bjp chief amit shah in new delhi on thursday.
a report was also submitted to the partys central leadership on the issue.
chief minister devendra fadnavis.
chief minister devendra fadnavis.
fadnavis was addressing the bjp women conclave, where he spoke on issues related to women empowerment, his governments policy decisions and the challenges ahead.
when it comes to heart -to-heart communication, women have a clear edge.
also, they have access inside the home, said fadnavis.
they can play an important role in taking the governments achievements and policies to the masses.
in the past 19 months, our government has taken several decisions to bring greater transparency and accountability in the system, such as the right to services act.
by october 2, we would cover 350 services under this act, he said.
the chief minister also spoke of the governments efforts to tackle drought.
the opposition boasts of loan waiver to help farmers.
but if we calculate the total amount of waiver by them (congress-ncp), it was rs 7,000 crore.
whereas in one-and-a-half years, we allotted rs 18,000 crore for farmers in drought-hit districts.
public memory is short.
and it is here that our women wing can work to create awareness among masses about the good work done by the government, he said.
saying that women were accorded immense significance even in the jana sangha, fadnavis said, we have a great lineage of women leaders whose sacrifice and social commitment cannot be undermined.
from the jana sangha days, we have always given importance to the role of women in organisational work.
it has passed on from the jana sangha to the bjp.
noting that more women in the party today wish to take the electoral plunge, fadnavis said merit rather than family lineage would be the deciding factor while giving election tickets.
women are proving their mettle across fields and politics is no expectation.
at the nashik passing-out parade, a batch of 750 police officers had 250 women.
out of the ten awards given for best performance, six were bagged by women.
in politics too, i can see a clear change, where women are reaffirming their political identity through social commitment and immense contribution to organisational work, rather than working in the shadow of a godfather.
b'maharashtra minister for labour and skill development sambhaji patil nilangekar.
he told the indian express on tuesday that the settlement was reached as per the laid down banking procedures.
maharashtra minister for labour and skill development sambhaji patil nilangekar.
he told the indian express on tuesday that the settlement was reached as per the laid down banking procedures.
maharashtra minister for labour and skill development sambhaji patil nilangekar, a bjp leader from latur who was booked by the cbi two years ago for allegedly being party to a criminal conspiracy for cheating the union bank of india and bank of maharashtra to the tune of rs 49.
30 crore, has reached a one-time settlement (ots) ofrs 51 crore with the two banks.
confirming the development, nilangekar told the indian express on tuesday that the settlement was reached as per the laid down banking procedures.
all the necessary legal procedures have been followed in the case.
the one time settlement has been reached with the two banks.
and there is no violation of any law, he said.
nilangekar said victoria agro food processing private limited, for which he was a guarantor, had taken a loan of rs 20 crore each from the latur branches of bank of maharashtra and union bank of india.
the loan was taken in 2009, he said.
the company paid the interest amount for initial two years.
but from 2011, it failed to pay the interest and principal amount.
the unpaid interest and loan amount had accumulated to rs 76 crore and the loan got classified as a non-performing asset (npa).
the company was auctioned for rs 25 crore with both banks sharing the amount, he said.
as a result, the banks have waived rs 51 crore as per the one-time settlement.
confirming the move, bank of maharashtra deputy general manager in pune, n waghchavare said: as per the settlement, the bank will get rs 12.
50 crore.
the loan amount was rs 20 crore and the interest on it was rs 21.
75 crore.
he said the decision regarding the one-time settlement was taken by the managing committee of the bank, which has at least 10 members.
the settlement was reached after following all the legal procedures that are required when a loan becomes an npa, waghchavare said.
nilangekar said he was a guarantor to the loan that was taken for setting up a grain-based alcohol plant in laturs sakol.
the company was run by nilangekars brother-in-law in partnership with another individual.
i was only a guarantor and not the owner or the partner, he said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis had defended nilangekar during a discussion in the state assembly on july 22 in 2016.
it is incorrect and unfair to say that nilangekar had committed some fraud or was party to it.
a case has been lodged against him since he had stood as a guarantor to a loan borrowing firm, fadnavis had said.
in the fir registered by its banking securities and fraud cell on march 23, 2014, the cbihad accused nilangekar of commissioning offences of criminal conspiracy and cheating.
nilangekar had dismissed the charges as baseless and incorrect.
activists at a protest rally against potholes, on the andheri-kurla road on monday.
source: amit chakravarty activists at a protest rally against potholes, on the andheri-kurla road on monday.
source: amit chakravartya year ago, 16-year-old prakash bilhore died after the bike he was riding pillion on hit a pothole and tipped over on the busy jogeshwari-vikhroli link road.
since then, his father dadarao bilhore has taken up the responsibility of fixing potholes left unattended by the civic body.
having repaired 360 potholes so far, dadarao monday participated in a rally organised by ngo watchdog foundation, filling seven potholes on the stretch between j b nagar metro station and marol naka metro station.
prakash was returning home on july 29 last year, having just completed admission formalities at a college in bhandup.
he was seated behind his cousin when the front wheel of the motorbike skidded into a pothole.
prakash was thrown off the bike and suffered a brain haemorrhage.
he was declared dead at holy spirit hospital in andheri.
after losing his son, 46-year old dadarao, a vegetable vendor, decided he would repair as potholes to ensure they dont claim another life.
my son died because the government authorities could not be bothered to repair the pothole.
the bmc only fills potholes after people die.
i have decided to chip in and prevent people from dying, he said.
dadarao repairs potholes in areas such as andheri east, goregaon east, mankhurd and ghatkopar.
i travel from marol to the vashi apmc market every day to buy vegetables.
i keep track of the potholes along the way, he said.
for his work, dadarao uses extra material, including paver blocks and sand, left behind by contractors and civic authorities.
i take the measurement of the pothole and pack it with paver blocks and sand.
but the repair often doesnt hold and the material washes away, he said.
on the day prakash died, his 24-year-old cousin, ram bilhore, was riding the motorbike.
he believes he was saved only because he was wearing a helmet.
my brother was not as lucky.
that day, even though i was riding very slowly, there was no way i could have seen that submerged pothole.
the one lesson i learnt from the experience was to always wear a helmet.
i now encourage all my friends to wear one even if they are riding pillion, he said.
dadarao says he will keep up his mission against potholes till the day government authorities discharge their responsibilities.
for people who ride motorbikes, it is scary to be out on the roads in the monsoon.
any submerged pothole can lead to terrible injuries, or worse, death, he said.
dadarao and his family members have also launched a mobile application called spothole, which they use to track and repair potholes the bmc fails to fill.
apart from conducting a rally, the watchdog foundation has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis and municipal commissioner ajoy mehta, demanding durable roads.
we have written to the cm and the civic chief, asking for potholes on andheri-kurla road to be repaired and the illegal parking be stopped.
the potholes have become a grave concern, they are putting lives at risk.
the government should stop wasting tax payers money and make roads in the city safe again, said godfrey pimenta of watchdog foundation.
devendra fadnavis and uddhav thackeray.
(file photo) devendrafadnavis and uddhav thackeray.
(file photo)amid uncertainties over a pre-poll pact with the bjp, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray today released his partys manifesto for the bmc elections, even as he maintained that seat-sharing talks with the ally are still on.
thackeray, flanked by a number of party mps and mlas, said the manifesto was being released independently by the party as today was the birth anniversary of sena founder bal thackeray.
watch what else is making news?
january 23 is a very important day for shiv sainiks and we continue to be committed to the people of mumbai on this day.
hence, (we) decided to release our manifesto today, he said.
people are surprised and their eyes are left wide open when they see the budget of the mumbai civic body and they ask where does all this money go.
but if they study the subject in detail, they will find that bmc can only spend rs 29,000 per person in mumbai, thackeray said addressing reporters here.
the sena chief said if at all an alliance with bjp for the bmc (brihan mumbai municipal corporation) polls materialises, good suggestions by the ally will also be incorporated in the manifesto.
he, however, refused to divulge details on the parleys being held by the two parties.
talks are still on.
as and when we come to a conclusion, i will have to announce it anyway, he said.
among sops in the manifesto, sena has promised to open e-learning centres for students and broaden the scope of teaching to meet demands in the current age.
the party also offered to give preference in jobs in the bmc to those educated in civic-run schools.
the manifesto, read out by arvind sawant,mp, also revealed the partys plans in sectors like tourism, health, environment, 24x7 water supply, free travel in best buses to students in school uniforms, besides promises in areas like sanitation and treatment of waste water.
bmc goes to polls on february 21.
protracted negotiations between the two parties have failed to clinch a deal with both sides claiming larger number of seats than each is willing to concede.
while bjp has staked claim for over 100 seats in the 227-member council, the sena appears to be in no mood to yield to the allys demands in its prime political space.
a senior bjp leader had virtually ruled out yesterday the possibility of chief minister devendrafadnavis resuming seat-sharing talks with thackeray.
ramdas athawalet cancelled his visit to kopardi to meet the family of the maratha girl who was allegedly raped and murdered by youths belonging to the dalit community.
(file photo) ramdas athawalet cancelled his visit to kopardi to meet the family of the maratha girl who was allegedly raped and murdered by youths belonging to the dalit community.
(file photo)minister of state for social justice and empowerment ramdas athawale has cancelled his visit to kopardi to meet the family of the maratha girl who was allegedly raped and murdered by youths belonging to the dalit community after requests by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and threats from local maratha leaders.
i was going to kopardi.
however, i was told that the parents did not want to meet me.
local maratha leaders have claimed that they will not allow dalit leaders to visit the village.
it is an extremely serious incident, irrespective of which caste the victim belonged to, athawale said.
there has been tension across maharashtra since the discovery of the 14-year-old girls body in karjats kopardi village on july 13.
according to the police, the victim who was returning home after visiting her grandparents in the same locality was stopped by three men on the way and they raped the girl and then strangled her.
according to the police, the postmortem report said her hair had been pulled out, her hands had dislocated from the shoulders and her teeth smashed.
the girl hails from the maratha community and the three who have been arrested are from the dalit community.
the incident has further strained the fractious relationship that dalits and marathas share in rural maharashtra.
many politicians have already visited the village and athawale was supposed to go there on saturday.
however, he said that he called off the visit after chief minister devendrafadnavis advised him against it.
the chief minister called me up last night and asked me not to go.
he said that we would go there together after eight days.
i am not scared of threats.
i tried to go there because of my sense of responsibility.
however, due to the negative response i got i have decided not to go,the incident has riled up members of the local maratha community who have allegedly warned against the entry of any dalit leader into the village.
i go and visit dalit families when they are victimised.
why should i not go and meet marathas who are victims?
it was because of this that i was visiting kopardi.
the family, due to the pressure from the maratha leaders, refused to meet me and therefore i cancelled my visit, athawale said.
the kopardi incident followed by the killing of a dalit boy in navy mumbai by members of the agri community has brought to the fore the issue of caste in the state.
the 15-year-old swapnil sonawane was allegedly beaten to death on tuesday night by the family of a 15-year-old girl he was in a relationship with.
police said the victim was killed because the girls family did not approve of him as he belonged to a different caste.
the girl belongs to the obc agri community.
athawale claimed that the case was serious and it should be investigated by the cid and proceedings should be held in a fast-track court.
i think there is a serious need of running programmes which bring together members of dalit and savarna communities, athawale said.
a two-day state executive meeting of the maharashtra bjp will be held in pimpri chinchwad area near pune from april 26.
the meeting, to be attended by the party office-bearers, legislators, and ministers, will discuss various political and economic issues concerning the state, sources said today.
state revenue minister chandrakant patil told pti that the bjp core committee of the state leaders met at varsha, the official residence of chief minister devendrafadnavis at mumbai on thursday, to discuss the preparations for the upcoming conclave.
the meeting, which lasted for more than four hours, also took stock of the bjps performance in the recently-concluded elections to the local bodies and municipal corporations, where the party has done well.
meanwhile, patil denied the reports that expansion or reshuffle of the state cabinet was discussed today.
however, the sources in the government said that the reshuffle and expansion of cabinet is likely to take place next month.
at present, there are three vacancies, including one for a cabinet-rank minister and two for the ministers of state, from the bjp quota.
the current strength of the council of ministers, including the chief minister, is 39.
the maximum strength of the council of ministers in maharashtra is 42.
names of the mumbai unit bjp president ashish shelar and vinaykumar gavit, a tribal leader from nandurbar who quit the ncp to join the bjp ahead of the assembly polls in 2014, are in the reckoning for the ministerial berths, sources said.
the last cabinet expansion took place in august last year, when ten new faces were inducted.
according to the sources, the chief minister is monitoring the performance of his ministers and had set targets for their respective departments to achieve.
those who have not been up to the mark in achieving the development goals are likely to be replaced, they added.
uddhav thackeray, shiv sena president said bjp central leadership has not held in any discussion with him on the union cabinet expansion.
uddhav thackeray, shiv sena president said bjp central leadership has not held in any discussion with him on the union cabinet expansion.
shiv sena president uddhav thackeray on july 4 said bjp central leadership has not held in any discussion with him on the union cabinet expansion and that his party will not stand on anybodys doors seeking favours.
people from various political parties are joining the shiv sena.
i have been busy attending to them and thus have not got the time to discuss the cabinet expansion.
one thing is clear.
the sena will never stand helplessly on anybodys doors asking for anything, thackeray said here.
first they (the bjp) were offering us minister of state, then said we will get a cabinet berth.
we say whatever we get, we should get with respect.
we will not beg for anything.
there have been no discussions with delhi on cabinet expansion, he said.
thackeray said getting ministerial berths was a secondary issue for him and that he would put forward his views if discussions were to take place.
referring to the maharashtra cabinet expansion, which according to chief minister devendrafadnavis would happen before he leaves for his russia tour early next week, the sena chief said, i and the cm have only had superficial discussions.
i will announce the intricacies once a detailed discussion happens.
the much-talked about expansion of the union cabinet is set to take place tomorrow morning.
principal spokesperson of the government frank norhona tweeted that cabinet expansion will take place tomorrow at 11 am.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
express photo maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
express photoalthough maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier hinted that the state cabinet would be expanded this week, sources in the bjp now say that it is mostly likely to take place in the first week of july.
attributing the delay in cabinet expansion to the late arrival of monsoon, among other things, bjp sources also said that despite the bitter exchange of words between the bjp and sena leaders witnessed of late, there would be no problem in sena getting two more ministers of state (mos) berths.
late arrival of monsoon is the primary reason for postponement of the cabinet expansion.
several meetings had to be held and things had to be put in place due to delayed onset of monsoon.
that forced all other issues to the backseat, a bjp leader said.
watch video: whats making newsthe top leadership of shiv sena is yet to be consulted over the issue.
the cabinet expansion has lingered a bit too long.
it was supposed to have taken place early this month, before the national executive meet of the bjp.
but, plans had to be changed due to late arrival of monsoon, he said.
the probable dates for expansion were tipped to be after the state bjp conclave in pune held last week.
fadnavis had indicated that the cabinet would be expanded this week.
but, since sena party president uddhav thackeray went on a foreign tour, the expansion plan had to be postponed once again.
thackeray is expected to be back by next week, by which time the chief minister would have a word with bjp president amit shah and union minister nitin gadkari over the names of ministers, who are to be included in the cabinet, the bjp leader said.
the monsoon session of the state legislative assembly is scheduled to start on july 18 and the new ministers would need some time before the treasury benches faces the opposition.
besides that, the government will not have its most experienced minister eknath khadse to save it from any crisis situation in the assembly during the session.
keeping in view all these things the cabinet expansion is most likely to happen in the first week of july, the leader said.
there is a likelihood of smaller parties getting a berth during the cabinet expansion.
the swabhimani shetkari sanghatana, the rpi (a) and the rsp had a meeting in delhi recently with bjp top brass, where leaders of these parties urged them to give them place in the cabinet.
chief minister devendrafadnavis will request prime minister narendra modi to extend a separate package of rs 8,000 crore for the gosikhurd national irrigation project in vidarbha region.
fadnavis has set three years timeline for the project if funds are provided.
a meeting of chief ministers of uttar pradesh, karnataka and maharashtra to discuss the drought has been convened by the prime minister in delhi on saturday.
according to sources, fadnavis has decided to seek modis personal intervention in completion of the gosikhurd national irrigation project, languishing for over three decades.
what marks this project apart from other 89 projects under the prime minister krishi sinchai yojna, is its magnitude and immense potential to transform the cotton-growing belt of maharashtra.
another aspect relates to availability of plenty of water.
but due to incomplete work, and lack of canals, several lakh farmers have been deprived of irrigation facilities.
the project would cover three districts of bhandara, chandrapur and nagpur.
on completion, the project would bring 2.
5 lakh hectares under irrigation.
the bjp-led government wants to take this project to its logical end not only to help farmers but also to set an example to expose the complacency displayed by the congress-ncp in this project.
a complete profile which would be placed before the centre points to details of the project, which was inaugurated by late prime minister rajiv gandhi in 1984.
the cost of the project was rs 380 crore.
the revised cost is rs 16,167 crore.
till now, rs 8,000 crore have been invested.
and almost equal amount is required to complete pending works.
apart from civil works related to canals, infrastructure and civic amenities for relocated project-hit people is under way.
when the project gets going, it would benefit 2.
5 lakh hectares across bhandara (81,697 hectares); nagpur (22,997 hectares); chandrapur (1,43, 106 hectares).
at the meeting, the chief minister will outline the short and long term measures taken by the government in tackling drought and the challenges ahead.
the success of jalyukta shivar yojna which has led to completion of 1.
33 lakh works spending rs 1,600 crore across 6,200 villages will be highlighted.
also the issues related to crop pattern change and efforts to enhance soil health would be discussed.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)the bjps resounding victory in the civic polls in maharashtra has further strengthened chief minister devendrafadnavis , who led his partys campaign from the front after deciding to go alone without tying up with the shiv sena, according to political observers.
the results, which saw the bjp making massive gains in city corporations and doubling its tally in bmc, also exposed the organisational failures of the congress-ncp, which were routed even in their strongholds across the state.
fadnavis, 46, who heads the first bjp-led government in the politically crucial state, single-handedly led the partys campaign criss-crossing the length and breadth of maharashtra, aggressively projecting transparency and development as the central slogan.
significantly, the bjps urban sweep came close on the heels of its sterling performance in municipal council elections in november-january, rubbishing the predictions that the party would do badly in the backdrop of the note ban.
in contrast to the well-crafted bjp campaign, the congress leaders largely confined themselves to their respective districts during the run-up, failing to put up a spirited fight by overcoming organisational weaknesses and internal bickering, poll-watchers said.
the immediate justification of the party for its poor performance, however, was lack of adequate funds.
but some congress leaders admitted that the party failed to match the high-octane campaign mounted by the saffron parties by bringing to the fore the real civic issues.
the sena and bjp adopted the kalyan-dombivali municipal corporation (kdmc) formula where the two parties fought a bitter campaign against each other despite being in power together in the state and eventually sealed a post poll alliance, they said, requesting anonymity.
the bjp emerged as the largest party in eight of the 10 municipal corporations while finishing a close second to bellicose ally shiv sena in mumbai.
rattling the sena citadel, bjp won 82 seats in bmc, just two less than the estranged saffron ally, but both ended up well short of the magic figure of 114 needed to control the civic body.
political observers said non-maharashtrians, who formed the core base of the congress in mumbai for long, have switched sides to the bjp since 2014.
even muslims preferred to vote for shiv sena instead of the congress due to the factional feud and infighting.
the congress did not present a picture of a fighting unit, said an observer.
the number one position held by the ncp has gone to bjp, which rose from the fourth rank taking its numbers from 165 seats to 400 seats.
the number one position held by the ncp has gone to bjp, which rose from the fourth rank taking its numbers from 165 seats to 400 seats.
the nationalist congress party (ncp) has made huge electoral losses across 25 zilla parishads with its overall tally showing a decline from 511 to 346 seats.
the number one position held by the ncp has gone to bjp, which rose from the fourth rank taking its numbers from 165 seats to 400 seats.
even in western maharashtra, the ncps bastion, it may have retained its lead in zilla parishad, but its seats declined from 195 to 154 across the sugar belt of ahmednagar, sangli, satara, pune, kolhapur and solapur.
the biggest gain in the sugar belt has been recorded by the bjp, which increased its number of seats seven times from 10 to 75.
in 2012, the total seats of the bjp in these six zilla parishads was only 10.
in sangli, satara and solapur it had not won any in the last elections.
the state senior ncp leadership told the indian express that it will review the poll results to ascertain where it went wrong and what were the factors that worked against the party.
however, several leaders spoken to argued that despite a decline in the overall number of seats, at least in 10 to 12 zilla parishads the ncp along with congress will be in a position to take reins of the zilla parishad to keep the bjp and shiv sena out of power.
the ncp has established a clear lead in parbhani, beed, osmanabad, pune, satara and solapur.
but the biggest setback was in sangli where it gave way to bjp as the leading party.
watch what else is making newswhile taking the loss for the party in stride, ncp (mp) and leader supriya sule said, we humbly accept the verdict of the people.
we will surely introspect and rebuild our base.
the critical factors which appear to have worked against the ncp, which is grappling with its image makeover since the 2014 assembly elections, include the partys failure to tackle the in-house unrest and political aspirations of the sugar barons, who are ready to switch sides for assured political future.
in the recent elections, powerful local ncp leaders in several districts in western maharashtra switched from the parent party and formed independent outfits under the banner of vikas aghadi (development alliance), uniting local groups including the bjp to challenge the pawars.
in pandharpur, former ncp leader prashant paricharak formed the pandharpur-mangalvedha vikas aghadi, giving the bjp an edge.
in barsi taluka, former ncp (mla) rajendra raut along with the partys district general secretary arun kapase crossed over to the bjp to make a dent in the ncps power.
at madha, former ncp leader sanjay (mama) shinde joined hands with the bjp to forge an alliance  vikas aghadi  to fight the ncp.
his brother baban shinde is the sitting ncp (mla).
at satara, ncp (mp) udayan raje bhosale had challenged parent party through satara vikas aghadi.
although the dissidents worked in varying measures, it did dent the ncp.
in the 2012 elections, the bjp tally across pune, ahmednagar, solapur, sangli, satara, kolhapur was as low as 10 seats out of 416 in western maharashtra.
the ncp with 195 seats took the lead followed by congress with 132 seats, shiv sena with 24 seats, mns with nine seats and others at 41 seats.
the bjps hold had always remained weak in western maharashtra compared to vidarbha, north maharashtra and parts of marathwada.
according to sudhir gadgil (mla) from sangli, we made a breakthrough because of the development plank of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(express archive) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
on a day that marked the world youth skill development day, the chief minister fielded a wide range of questions from students across 32 centres in vidarbha, north maharashtra, western maharashtra, konkan, marathwada.
the students from butibori, nashik, palghar, achalpur and pune raised questions related to skill development and iti.
skill development training transformed into human resources will play a significant role in ending unemployment and lead to growth in diverse sectors, fadnavis said.
watch video: whats making newshe said, skill development in the agriculture sector alone is vast and multi-faceted but has remained unexplored.
apart from farming, there are linkages of farm produce with the food processing industry and agro-infrastructure, complete with value chains to promote markets, he said.
strength of skill development lies in its potential to bring out the latent talent in every youth through a little training.
at present, 70,000 students are undertaking skill development training, and includes 22,000 girls.
at the launch of the new facility of virtual and digital classrooms, fadnavis said, the upgraded technology for knowledge-sharing would be extended to all itis across the state.
my governments effort is to provide the best skill development through training that bridges the rural-urban divide.
the status of academics and infrastructure should be equivalent in urban mumbai and a remote village in gadchiroli.
according to fadnavis, skill development is going to be a game changer and provide level playing field to students.
he also announced an initiative to make these classrooms and course content 3d-enabled and the use of simulator to train the youth.
the chief minister acknowledged the role of the tata trusts, wadhwani firms and valuable group in virtual and digital classroom, both for technology and content support.
in an earnest appeal to students across the state, he said, i urge the youth to master the apprenticeship of your passion and jobs will come in plenty.
the mudra yojna tie-up with skill development will evolve new job dynamics.
maharashtra has taken the lead in mudra yojna where loans upto rs 10 lakh can be availed of without any guarantee, fadnavis said.
there is a special drive, skill sakhi, to economically empower women.
the innovative schemes in skill development, along with the eco-system, is a concerted attempt to play the role of facilitator and catalyst, said fadnavis.
i appeal to my young friends to realise the potential and power of skill development and jobs will knock at your doors, fadnavis said, voicing optimism.
sumit mullick replaced swadheen kshatriya as the states chief secretary on february 28.
however, kshatriya did not vacate his official bungalow within the mandated 15 days of demitting office.
santosh parab sumit mullick replaced swadheen kshatriya as the states chief secretary on february 28.
however, kshatriya did not vacate his official bungalow within the mandated 15 days of demitting office.
santosh parabchief secretary to the government of maharashtra sumit mullick and his predecessor swadheen kshatriya were engaged in a war of words over allotment of official residences, documents obtained under the right to information act show.
according to the papers, chief minister devendrafadnavis had to step in to resolve the spat.
mullick replaced kshatriya as the states chief secretary on february 28.
however, kshatriya did not vacate his official bungalow  a-10, located opposite the mantralaya  within the mandated 15 days of demitting office.
documents obtained by activist anil galgali under the right to information (rti) act show that kshatriya, appointed post-retirement as the states chief commissioner for right to services, was initially allotted a flat in government-owned suruchi building, also near mantralaya.
he, however, declined to move in.
the former chief secretary sought alternative accommodation in another government-owned building, sarang, occupied by judicial officers of the bombay high court.
on march 6, kshatriya wrote to the cm, seeking an apartment in sarang.
he wrote, the status of the state chief commissioner for right to service is equivalent to the chief information commissioner/ chief election commissioner of india/judge of the supreme court.
i understand that there are two flats which are lying vacant in the sarang building.
im informed that when (ex-chief secretary) ratnakar gaikwad was appointed as the chief information commissioner, he was allotted a flat in the building.
considering the status and the importance attached to the post of the chief commissioner for right to service, it will be necessary to allot a flat in sarang building to me at the earliest.
kshatriya also requested that he be permitted to retain the chief secretarys bungalow till a suitable accommodation was allotted and readied for occupation.
the state administration turned down his request.
it has been decided that the entire sarang building has to be handed over to the high court.
so it is unavailable, mullick noted on the file.
on march 15, a day after receiving orders to vacate the bungalow, kshatriya wrote to mullick: it is very unfortunate the manner in which a former chief secretary and present chief commissioner for right to service is being treated.
im surprised and shocked to receive this letter (march 14 orders) because ive represented to the cm for allotment of an accommodation in sarang, on which the cm has desired action accordingly.
i understand that the march 14 orders have been issued without the cms approval.
then, on march 22, kshatriya wrote another letter to the cm, complaining about the orders he had received, and seeking an immediate stay on the same.
pressing again for allotment of an apartment in sarang building, kshatriyas letter said if this was not immediately available, then he should be allotted two flats in ambar building, located at malabar hill.
mullick wrote his counter on march 30.
in a proposal put before the chief minister, he said kshatriya should be asked the vacate the bungalow immediately as he had already crossed the 15-day time limit.
it is ridiculous to presume that the chief commissioner of right to service would have the same status as a supreme court judge.
this is erroneous, mullick wrote.
there is (also) no justification for allotted two flats.
it is improper and unacceptable to ask for two flats, when the job description does not warrant it, and when there is an overall shortage of accommodation, allotment of two flats will cause resentment.
mullicks proposal that a single flat in ambar building be allocated to kshatriya, and that he be directed to vacate the bungalow immediately, was approved by the cm.
accordingly, orders were served on kshatriya and he was asked to shift out by april 15.
on april 10, kshatriya wrote again to the cm, asking that he be allowed to retain the bungalow for another two months, as the flat allotted to him needed extensive repairs and renovation.
fadnavis directed the general administration department (gad) to grant a months extension, and remarked, the public works may expedite (the repair work).
the new cs also needs accommodation.
accordingly, kshatriya was granted time till may 15 to shift out of the bungalow.
he has now moved out, but mullick is yet to move in.
b'athawale justified of the arrest five people, including a lawyer and a woman professor, in connection with the january 1 caste clash that had left one person dead.
athawale justified of the arrest five people, including a lawyer and a woman professor, in connection with the january 1 caste clash that had left one person dead.
union minister and rpi leader ramdas athawale tuesday lambasted opposition parties for doubting the genuineness of a letter suggesting a maoist plot to assassinate prime minister narendra modi.
he said the opposition should not play politics over the issue of national security.
there are many issues you can politicise.
but the opposition should not politicise this issue as it is related to national security, athawale said at a press conference here in north maharashtra.
he was responding to a query about some leaders remarks on an alleged maoist letter recovered from a person arrested in connection with the violence at bhima-koregaon near pune in early january.
the purported letter allegedly mentioned of a plan to assassinate modi in another rajiv gandhi-type incident, the police had told a court.
ncp chief sharad pawar had questioned the authenticity of the letter and said the bjp was playing a threat letter card to gain sympathy.
questioning the veracity of the threat letter, senior congress leader p chidambaram had said it is unverified, and noted it was governments duty to provide foolproof protection to the prime minister.
athawale justified of the arrest five people, including a lawyer and a woman professor, in connection with the january 1 caste clash that had left one person dead.
the dalit leader said the police have enough evidence to link them to the naxal movement.
however, athawale disagreed with the police claim that organisers of elgar parishad, an event held on the eve of the violence, had incited the clash.
the rpi leader mocked at bhides claim that a number of couples were blessed with sons after eating mangoes from his orchard.
the government should take action against bhide for his inflammatory and absurd statements, he said.
asked if the reservation policy will take a hit by the centres decision to allow lateral entry of professionals as joint secretaries in the government, athawale said he did not know about it.
i will look in the matter, he said.
b'the press conference was allegedly briefly disrupted by members of raj thackeray-led mns, which is vehemently opposed to any division of maharashtra.
(express photo by deepak joshi) the press conference was allegedly briefly disrupted by members of raj thackeray-led mns, which is vehemently opposed to any division of maharashtra.
(express photo by deepak joshi)an outfit seeking statehood for vidarbha region in tuesday criticised the bjp-led governments in maharashtra and at the centre for not showing political will to resolve the decades-long issue and gave them a deadline of january 1 to meet its demand.
vidarbha rajya andolan samiti (vras) said the backward region in eastern maharashtra can achieve all-around development only when it is granted statehood which will allow it to take decisions independently.
addressing a press conference here, wamanrao chatap, a member of the core committee of vras, said, we strongly believe the overall development of vidarbha is only possible when it is made a separate state.
unless elected leaders of vidarbha get full authority to take decisions on utilising resources of the region and creating new opportunities, issues like farmers suicides cant be resolved.
we are not against maharashtra or its leadership but we want freedom of decision-making by focusing only ondevelopment of vidarbha, which is experiencing neglect of more than half a century, said the former mla.
he said the samiti has organised a mock session of vidarbha assembly on october 3 and 4 at vasantrao deshpande hall in nagpur.
we will highlight the revenue model of a separate vidarbha in the mock assembly, where the budget for vidarbha state will be tabled and discussed.
history stands testimony to the fact that whenever a state has been formed, its growth in terms of gdp has been far better than the mother state, the vras leader maintained.
vras has demanded that issue of granting statehood to the region, comprising 11 districts, which is famous for growing oranges and cotton, be resolved by january 1, 2017.
the central and the state government lack political will to resolve the issue, the samiti leader alleged.
if the governments (at the centre and in maharashtra) do not pay serious attention to our demand before january 1, the people from all the walks of life in vidarbha would come out on the streets and launch an agitation, he said.
chatap claimed it was very unfortunate chief minister devendrafadnavis , who belongs to vidarbha, was not interested in giving statehood to the region.
bjp fought the election on separate vidarbha issue.
it gave a chief minister who hails from vidarbha, but neither bjp nor fadnavis has shown any interest to resolve the issue.
the party is running its government with the support of shiv sena, which is vehemently opposing statehood for vidarbha, he alleged.
the press conference was allegedly briefly disrupted by members of raj thackeray-led mns, which is vehemently opposed to any division of maharashtra.
terming mns protest as undemocratic, chatap said everyone has right to express his or her views.
advertisingthe supreme court on tuesday reserved its order on a plea challenging the election of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , on the ground that he had not disclosed details of two criminal cases against him while filing his nomination in 2014, even as it sought to know why the allegations should not be proved in trial.
a bench headed by chief justice ranjan gogoi, and comprising justices deepak gupta and aniruddha bose reserved the verdict with petitioner counsel senior advocate vivek tankha insisting that fadnavis was required under the law to disclose the details and senior advocate mukul rohatgi for the cm contesting the claim.
tanka submitted that fadnavis had not disclosed details of two criminal cases.
as per sc directions, a candidate has to disclose the details of cases in which cognizance had been taken by the trial court, he added.
advertisingrohatgi contested the charge and said even if there was such non-disclosure, it will only lead to rejection of nomination and not attract section 125a of the representation of the people act.
the section deals with the penalty for filing false affidavit and says that if a candidate or his proposer fails to furnish or gives false or conceals any information in his nomination paper on issues like pending criminal cases, then the person may be awarded six months jail term or fine or both.
i have disclosed details of 23 cases.
the question is will it attract section 125a if i forget to give details of two cases.
the answer is no, said rohatgi.
the court then wondered if the same should not be proved in trial.
maybe it was a bonafide mistake.
but should it not be proved in trial?
asked the cji.
no, said rohatgi, adding that no offence was made out under the relevant sections.
he said the legislature was aware that politicians could have several cases against them.
the petition was filed by an advocate satish ukey.
he had moved the supreme court after his plea was dismissed by the bombay high court.
the congress on tuesday announced the candidature of former party mp damodar shingda for the may 28 bypoll to palghar lok sabha constituency, adjoining mumbai, on a day party leader rajendra gavit crossed over to the bjp and was nominated as a candidate.
talking to reporters, maharashtra unit congress president ashok chavan said the people would teach traitors a lesson, hours after gavit, a tribal leader and former minister, joined the bjp in presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis and state unit bjp chief raosaheb danve.
chavan criticised the bjp for inducting gavit into its fold.
fadnavis says that it was wrong on part of the shiv sena to nominate late mp chintaman wangas son as its candidate (for the palghar bypoll).
so, shiv senas conduct is wrong and yours is right, chavan said referring to gavits defection.
referring to fadnavis remarks that gavit was in touch with the bjp for some time, chavan asked, is it democratically right to give members of other parties the tickets to contest elections on your symbol?
terming gavits exit as a good riddance, chavan said that anyway he wouldnt have allotted the ticket to contest the bypoll.
its good gavit has left.
his name was considered but it was not possible to give him a ticket as he had lost elections twice in a row.
may be he left because he got the hint.
apart from him, shingdas name was also in reckoning.
now, we have no problem to recommend shingdas name to the parliamentary board.
after the clearance, shingda will file his nomination papers on may 10, he said.
shingda was a five-time member of the lok sabha from dahanu constituency in palghar district.
gavit, a former minister of state for tribal affairs, had lost the assembly election from palghar in 2014.
he was also defeated in the 2015 bypoll from the same constituency after the death of sitting bjp mla krishna ghoda.
chavan accused the bjp of weaning away leaders of other parties through money power.
there is nothing called the party loyalty now.
late bjp mp chintaman wangas son (shrinivas) is the shiv sena candidate and congressman gavit is the bjp candidate in palghar.
using money power, the bjp has started taking away people from other parties, he added.
the bjp won the palghar (st) constituency in 2014, but the death of its sitting mp chintaman wanga early this year necessitated the by-election.
the bjps women wing on tuesday said it would launch an outreach campaign to spread the word of the state governments welfare schemes between august 1 and 15, after which 21 lakh rakhis will be presented to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
advertisingthe decision was announced by state bjp womens wing president madhavi naik, who said, on the eve of rakshabandhan, we will reach out to 21 lakh women.
bjp members will connect to women in diverse fields across 36 districtsover 970 women workers of the bjp will reach out to women who are beneficiaries of various central and state government schemes.
they will deliver a letter from the chief minister to the women and collect a rakhi as well as a message from them.
since 2014, the party has been emphasising the role of women in politics.
whether it relates to strengthening booths or campaigns, women-centric plans are being pushed, a senior state bjp functionary said.
the partys current membership drive has also focused on increasing women membership.
pune unit of the bjp has intensified its efforts to assure the people that it is committed to the ideologies of maratha king shivaji.
pune unit of the bjp has intensified its efforts to assure the people that it is committed to the ideologies of maratha king shivaji.
ahead of the lok sabha and assembly elections next year, the city unit of the bjp has intensified its efforts to assure the people that it is committed to the ideologies of maratha king shivaji.
the city unit has planned various programmes to mark the birth anniversary of the maratha king.
the programmes prominently include a lecture series on the achievements of the maratha king.
the lectures would be held at 50 locations across the city from february 19 to march 4.
the main objective of the lecture series is to promote the achievements of the maratha king.
bjp corporators in the pune municipal corporation (pmc) and office-bearers of the party would be leading these lectures, said yogesh gogawale, convenor of the series and chief of bjps city unit.
historian pandurang balkawade had recently held a workshop for the representatives.
gogawale said, shivaji established the hindu empire.
his governance policy was the best and idealistic.
there was no discrimination on the basis of caste and religion during his tenure.
the initiatives he had taken towards unity are still relevant.
meanwhile, proposals to allot garbage depot land for the metro project and to set aside a plot of land in chandni chowk for shiv srishti, memorial for chhatrapati shivaji maharaj, were cleared at the general body meeting of the pmc.
during the meeting, bjp corporators, wearing saffron turbans, talked about the life and achievements of the maratha king, while thanking chief minister devendrafadnavis for proposing to set aside the land in chandni chowk for the memorial.
bjp leaders in the city had also put up banners in various parts of the city, claiming credit for getting a bigger land for the shiv srishti project.
we have fulfilled the promise of getting shiv srishti project on track, the banners read.
the state government recently gave mega project status to another shiv srishti project, which is being developed by maharaja shivchatrapati pratishthan, led by historian babasaheb purandare, at ambegaon budhruk.
mayor mukta tilak has also directed the civic administration to hold various functions for the birth anniversary of chhatrapati shivaji maharaj.
creative foundation, led by city bjp vice-president sandeep khardekar, has organised a cultural festival  kothrud shiv jayanti mahotsav  at yashwantrao chavan auditorium in kothrud.
in a move set to benefit hundreds of redevelopment works adjacent to small- and medium-sized roads in the island city, chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said a time frame would be set up to redevelop buildings that pay a repair cess to the maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada).
advertisingif landlord of a dilapidated, cessed building fails to undertake redevelopment within the stipulated time frame, then we have decided that the mhada will acquire these buildings and would carry out the redevelopment of its own, fadnavis said.
he was replying to a discussion on development issues pertaining to the mumbai metropolitan region in the legislative assembly.
there are around 14,375 cessed buildings in the island city, many of which are in rundown condition.
the redevelopment of many of these (buildings) is stuck on account of the landlords not stepping forward.
we have now decided that if the landlord does not start the redevelopment process on his own, the mhada will do so, said fadnavis.
advertisingahead of upcoming state polls, the chief minister also announced a fresh concession for mumbais slum dwellers.
admitting to delays in the redevelopment of several such project, fadnavis announced that the slum developers would now be required to pay 36 months rent in advance to the slum dwellers.
we will make a provision in this regard in the rules, he said.
with a section of the fishermen community continuing to be up in arms against the mumbai coastal road project, the cm gave an assurance on the floor of the house that none of the koliwadas (fishermen village) would be reclaimed due to the project.
the alignment (of the road) has been finalised in such a way that even the drying yards and the parking areas in these villages will remain untouched even so if it comes to light that some fishermen are affected by the project, they will be adequately compensated, he said.
with the achievement in the transport infrastructure sector in the region expected to be a key poll plank during election campaign, fadnavis, in the assembly floor, highlighted the status of various projects  metro rail, coastal road, the navi mumbai international airport and virar-alibaug multi-modal corridor, among others.
while announcing that the first phase of mumbais first underground metro rail (colaba-seepz) will be operational by 2021, fadnavis declared that most of the remaining ongoing elevated metro routes will be functional by 2020.
he also said that the implementation of the mumbai urban transportation project-iii would augment mumbais suburban rail networks capacity by another 50 per cent, while announcing that the next wave of development will be in mumbais metropolitan region.
uddhav thackeray said the sena had to reconsider its relationship with bjp after the two parties decided to go separate ways in elections to the brihanmumbai municipal corporation.
(file photo) uddhav thackeray said the sena had to reconsider its relationship with bjp after the two parties decided to go separate ways in elections to the brihanmumbai municipal corporation.
(file photo)sending a strong signal to the bjp as ties between the two allies worsen, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray tuesday said hardik patel, leader of the patidar quota agitation in gujarat and a vocal critic of prime minister narandra modi, will be the senas leading face when it contests elections to the gujarat assembly.
patel, on his part, refrained from campaigning for the sena but he did say he was with the party since they shared the same principles.
earlier, uddhav thackeray, speaking to reporters after meeting patel, said: after a long time, we will be contesting elections outside maharashtra.
if the people of gujarat want, we will contest elections in gujarat as well.
and hardik patel will be one of our leading faces in this fight.
he said the sena had to reconsider its relationship with the bjp after the two parties decided to go separate ways in elections to the brihanmumbai municipal corporation.
we were with them during the lok sabha elections and they called off the alliance.
now we have decided to call off the alliance if your heart is not into a relationship, then there is no point in continuing, thackeray said.
twisting the knife in ally bjp, sena fields hardik in gujarat: he will be our face patel said he had come to meet uddhav thackeray because of the respect he had for bal thackeray.
i want to stand with people who stand true to their principles.
i associate myself with people on the basis of their conviction, not for political issues, he said.
he claimed he was too young to support anyone.
i am only 23 years old.
moreover, they do not need my support they themselves are supporting people.
he said he was firmly opposed to the bjp.
we are fighting against the bjp because the party has killed 16 of our people.
we are fighting against those who are trying to finish us, he said.
i want to stand with good people.
we are fighting for a political change where a system is created to benefit people.
we will stand with like-minded people wherever they need us, he said.
meanwhile, the image of thackeray embracing patel was seen as senas loud and clear message to the bjp  that the latters oldest and biggest ally is now willing to cross swords with modi on uncharted turf too.
before thackeray announced patel would be his partys face for the upcoming gujarat assembly polls, signalling senas foray into modis home turf, there was a 40-minute closed-door meeting between the two leaders, which was centred around how patel can help thackerays party, which has virtually no presence in gujarat, build its base in the state.
while patel, just 23, cannot contest an election himself yet, the deal worked out between the sides was that he will aid the sena in identifying potential candidates and even field his own supporters in some of these.
thackeray has also reportedly sought patels help for setting up sena shakhas across gujarat, starting with baroda, ahmedabad and surat.
by joining hands with thackeray, patel, on the other hand, signalled that he was gearing up for a political challenge to modi and the bjp in gujarat.
i had come to seek uddhav thackerays blessings.
ill stand with the shiv sena like a family, he said.
with patel emerging as a rallying point for modi critics in gujarat, the shiv sena chief is willing to shift from the partys stated position against caste-based reservation.
shiv sena founder the late bal thackeray had in 1990s strongly opposed implementation of the mandal commission recommendations.
in gujarat, patel has taken on the bjp over the demand for reservation in education and jobs to the patel (patidar) community who are traditionally considered socially and politically ahead of other castes in gujarat.
he has been demanding that the patels should be included in the list of other backward classes and extended all reservation benefits.
modi and thackeray have shared an uneasy relationship ever since the two parties first parted ways in 2014 to contest the maharashtra assembly polls.
while both later forged a post-poll combine, there has been no bonhomie between the duo.
the shiv sena leader has sharpened his attacks on modi post demonetisation.
according to sources, thackeray believes he can encash on the latest unrest building up against modis measure for electoral dividends.
in that sense, by joining hands with hardik patel, the shiv sena also seems to be trying to create a perception that there is an anti-modi build-up among gujaratis too.
the indication that thackeray, who has already announced that he wont have any more electoral alliances with the bjp or any other party, is even willing to pull out of the bjp-led government in maharashtra and the centre came when thackeray remarked on tuesday the government (in maharashtra) is on notice period as of now.
fadnavis had earlier countered a similar barb from shiv senas sanjay raut monday.
during the closed-door talks tuesday, thackeray and patel also discussed shiv senas election campaign for the february 21 mumbai civic polls.
according to the sources, patel has agreed to participate in a joint roadshow with thackerays son and yuva sena leader aaditya in gujarati-dominated areas in dahisar to goregaon.
the sources said the plan was to hold the rally on february 16 or 17.
campaigning for mumbai polls ends on february 19.
in the run-up to the polls, the shiv sena has been reaching out to the gujarati community, sections of which had in the past complained of being targeted by the party.
sena has inducted some gujarati faces.
with hardik patel joining hands, the party is hoping to mobilise some added support from the community.
the shiv senas game plan behind reaching out to gujaratis is to make a dent in the bjps traditional voting constituents.
there is a sense of disenchantment among traditional bjp voters from the community post demonetisation.
uddhav thackerays plan appears to mobilise their support, said writer and political analyst ramesh oza.
while a majority of the gujaratis will still go with the bjp, the sena may be hoping to dent this segment for bettering its chances.
hardik patels presence may galvanise the patidar samaj pulling some voters towards the party, he said.
patel was accompanied by members of the patel navnirman sena, who have now agreed to campaign for sena in the bmc polls.
patel community members reside in big numbers in pockets of dahisar, borivli, malad (east), goregaon, ghatkopar, and mulund.
in a municipal election, even 300 to 500 votes can swing an election.
thackeray would be hoping that hardik patel can swing some of the patidar votes, said oza.
he said thackeray was making the right noises to woo the community, but said it might take time for the gujaratis to embrace the party keeping behind years of hurt.
the shiv sena is hoping that patels clout among gujaratis with roots in saurashtra and north gujarat would sway some voters away from the bjp.
even though the bjp doubts the extent of his influence, sena sources said the party had plans to open dialogue channels with other modi critics in gujarat, including alpesh thakor and jignesh mewani.
anand dave, district president of abbm, said, we have sent the proposal for building shrimant bajirao peshwe srishti to chief minister devendrafadnavis by email.
anand dave, district president of abbm, said, we have sent the proposal for building shrimant bajirao peshwe srishti to chief minister devendrafadnavis by email.
the akhil bhartiya brahman mahasangh (abbm) has asked the maharashtra government to build shrimant bajirao peshwe srishti  a memorial to the peshwas at the historic shaniwar wada in the city.
they have also demanded that the fort be reconstructed to its original seven storeys.
shaniwar wada was the headquarters of the peshwas.
anand dave, district president of abbm, said, we have sent the proposal for building shrimant bajirao peshwe srishti to chief minister devendrafadnavis by email.
we plan to meet him soon and submit our demand.
we want to bring back the glory of shaniwar wada, from where the kings of hindavi swarajya, formed by chhatrapati shivaji maharaj, ruledshaniwar wada was a seven-storey building in the past.
maps of the seven-storeyed shaniwar wada are available in historical documents.
the government should rebuild the seven-storey building in shaniwar wada as part of the shrimant bajirao peshwe srishti project.
maximum space should be utilised for displaying the glorious history of chhatrapati shivaji maharaj, his brave mother jijamata, sons chhatrapati sambhaji maharaj, rajaram maharaj and also the magnificent history of maratha samrajya during peshwa regime, said dave.
the abbms demand comes at a time when shiv srishti, a memorial of maratha king shivaji, being built by the pune municipal corporation (pmc), is facing controversy.
the bjp government recently gave permission to build shiv srishti at chandni chowk in kothrud.
while political parties in the pmc were fighting to develop shiv srishti at chandni chowk, a controversy erupted as the state government gave the status of mega project for another shiv srishti, which is being developed by maharaja shivchatrapati pratishthan, led by historian babasaheb purandare, at ambegaon budhruk.
purandare is known for his works on maratha king shivaji.
the bjp-led state government had conferred on him the maharashtra bhushan award in 2015, which was opposed by maratha organisation sambhaji brigade, which claims purandare defamed maratha king shivaji  a charge the historian has denied.
even leaders of political outfits like the congress and nationalist congress party (ncp) claimed that purandare has twisted history.
in december 2017, the abbm had opposed the elgaar parishad organised at shaniwar wada.
while denying he had exercised undue caution in enforcing harsh tax reforms, he said, it is my endeavour to raise the capital expenditure from rs 28,000 crore to rs 40,000 crore in phases.
there is very little innovation a state can do in the area of taxes, some of which fall under the domain of the central government, the chief minister said.
instead, we will raise funds through non-conventional methods.
while conceding the budget making was a tight rope walk for sudhir mungatiwar, fadnavis said, given the legacy of financial constraints and challenges ahead we have catered to all sectors namely women, minorities,farmers, scheduled castes and tribes.
fadnavis said, the financial burden will increase mid-2015 as debts raised by congress-ncp will mature and we will have to make provisions for not only interest but also part payments.
the allocations will increase towards debt servicing in 2016 and 2017.
yet, we are providing market for mahila bachat gat to sell their goods, welfare schemes for minorities girl, farmers, small scale industries, he said.
at a discussion organised by loksatta, a sister publication of the indian express group, he said, my budget will benefit all class and sections across regions of maharashtra.
on the pressing issue of irrigation, the chief minister said, i admit the monetary requirements to fast track all the projects in water resources would require a whopping rs 1 lakh crore.
as a result, we had to set our priority.
this year we have shortlisted 38 projects which completed in time bound manner would make a huge difference to farmers.
the farmers suicide would be addressed through long- and short-term packages and decentralised water policies which would enhance irrigation potential.
increasing the potential from 18 to 27 per cent is a challenge, he added.
while arguing that affordable housing will not be affected by the premium on higher floor space index or land purchases, he said, we will have a regulatory body to monitor the ramifications.
the developers or private land owners who reaped windfall gains because of previous governments decision will be our target.
the ready reckoner on property and rentals and lessee would apply to those who are paying a pittance.
fadnavis who has invited criticism for giving a raw deal to mumbai said, the bmc and mmrda are the nodal agencies which plan and executive projects.
what would be the logic of highlighting the coastal road in the budget?
although we would get the necessary sanctions from the centre, its implementation will be through bmc.
similarly, why list mmrda projects for mumbai in the state budget.
he added, it does not mean the state is neglecting mumbai.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (pti photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (pti photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said bjp is not in favour of suspension of publication of saamana newspaper during election days but the party has objections to certain content published in it.
after a bjp functionary wrote to the state election commission demanding ban on publication of shiv sena mouthpiece saamana on three days, sena president uddhav thackeray had compared the situation to emergency.
state bjp spokesperson shweta shalini had said in a letter to sec that publishing content or undertaking publicity campaign (of parties and candidates) two days before polling date is prohibited, so publication of saamana should be banned on february 16, 20 and 21.
watch what else is making newsasked about his views on the issue, fadnavis said, during the first phase of voting (for zilla parishad polls) held on february 16, an objectionable content was published in saamana newspaper.
we object to such content as it violates the (model) code of conduct.
and our demand to the sec has been not to allow saamana to publish such content on the day of polling.
bjp is not in favour of suspension of publication of saamana newspaper during election days, the chief minister said.
meanwhile, sources close to fadnavis said, the cm has expressed his disappointment over the letter sent to sec, as it dented the partys image.
they also claimed that not all the advertisement and communication content of the party for the polls was approved by fadnavis.
meanwhile, in thane, taking a jibe at shiv sena, fadnavis said, let them (shiv sena leaders) not teach us about emergency.
it was the shiv sena which supported (former prime minister) indira gandhi for emergency.
we suffered a lot during the emergency when our leaders and others were jailed for months.
my father was imprisoned for 19 months.
do you (shiv sena) realise our sufferings?
fadnavis asked.
union minister venkaiah naidu had said imposing ban on newspapers is not bjps principle.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavisdevendra fadnaviss statement at a bjp rally on saturday that people who refuse to chant bharat mata ki jai have no place in india is unbecoming of a chief minister.
a day later, in rohtak, baba ramdev claimed he would have decapitated those who found the slogan unacceptable but for the law.
the yoga gurus remark borders on incitement to violence.
but in a time when an elected leader who also holds the constitutional office of chief minister makes a statement that violates both the letter and the spirit of the constitution, and gets away with it, the question could be: why single out ramdev?
the indian constitution does not prescribe the chanting of any slogan or any other rituals as a condition of citizenship.
in fact, it doesnt envisage the indian state in terms of a motherland  or fatherland, for that matter.
it is imagined on the premise of equal rights to its citizens.
fadnavis, later, clarified that his government is guided by the indian constitution where every citizen has equal rights and would get justice.
but recent actions of his government might suggest otherwise.
last month, a state bjp minister  supported by mlas from all parties, including the congress and ncp  piloted a resolution in the maharashtra assembly for the suspension of aimim mla waris pathan for refusing to chant bharat mata ki jai.
political appropriation has turned the slogan contentious and its polarising impact is also reflected in a fatwa issued by the darul uloom deoband.
individuals like ramdev and institutions like deoband are free to debate their ideas of nationalism and its appropriate manifestations as long as the debates do not incite violence or threaten public order.
elected officials, however, should, at the very least, ensure that their views are in consonance with the constitution.
a city like mumbai attracts global capital and talent because, despite being home to a vicious streak of nativist politics, it is broadly seen to be cosmopolitan and accommodative of religious, ethnic and cultural diversity.
hypernationalism, especially with religious overtones, threatens to disrupt this narrative and hurt the economy.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday met representatives of the dhangar community.
a delegation of various organisations of dhangar community met fadnavis with rajya sabha mp dr vikas mahatme, chief ministers office (cmo) said in mumbai.
officials of the tata institute of social sciences (tiss) briefed about the progress made so far for socio-anthropological study of the dhangar community, the statement added.
providing reservation to the dhangar community was bjps poll promise in maharashtra.
watch what else is making news:meanwhile, fadnavis chaired a meeting to resolve various issues of workers of cambata aviation and asked authorities to seek assistance from the enforcement directorate (ed).
fadnavis also directed officials concerned for recovery to pay dues of the workers.
around 1,200 cambata employees had moved the city labour court against the management over non payment of pending dues.
later in the evening, fadnavis inaugurated the first floating hotel project a b celestial in association with maharashtra maritime board, maharahstra tourism development corporation and maharashtra state road development corporation in mumbai, this evening.
speaking on the occasion, fadnavis said his government was open to different ideas to promote tourism.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)taking the battle against corruption to shiv sena chief uddhav thackerays doorsteps, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said the index of the familys growth and development was at the cost of ordinary mumbaikars.
yes, they have developed.
yes, they have grown.
but what about ordinary mumbaikars?
what have they gained, he said.
while slamming the sena for treating mumbai as a golden egg-laying goose, he said, they have only minted money from mumbaikars.
where is the progress or welfare of the people?
were they ever concerned about peoples problems?
i can see the face of people and make out how they have betrayed the hope and faith of mumbaikars, fadnavis said.
the cm added, those who live in glass houses dont throw stones at others.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray said on friday that a formal announcement on the seat-sharing arrangement between his party and the bjp would be made in the next two days.
advertisingin the run-up to the lok sabha elections earlier this year, the two parties had decided that both would contest equal number of seats in the assembly polls.
however, in the past few days, bjp leaders have indicated that the sena may have to be content with a lesser number of seats.
senior sena leaders, including transport minister diwakar raote, had earlier this week claimed that the party would call off the alliance in such a situation.
speaking to mediapersons after holding a meeting with senior party leaders, uddhav said: it was the media that had spread reports that both parties will contest 135 seats each.
before the lok sabha elections, the details of the seat-sharing pact was worked out by me, chief minister devendrafadnavis and (bjp national president) amit shah.
things will be clear about the alliance in the next two days.
shah is expected to arrive in mumbai on sunday and the seat-sharing deal may be announced in his presence.
advertisingthe uncertainty has caused some tensions between bjp and sena.
uddhav had earlier this week claimed that the aarey metro car shed in mumbai would go the nanar refinery way.
the sena, which had forced the bjp to scrap the refinery project in ratnagiri districts nanar last year, is also opposed to the car shed being constructed on aarey land.
a day after uddhav made the aarey-nanar comparison, fadnavis had indicated that his government could revive the project.
on friday, uddhav said: we are not opposed to development work.
we have not opposed the metro car shed as well.
we are only opposing the obstinacy, which is being shown in building the car shed only in aarey and no other place.
he also countered fadnavis claim of building the refinery in nanar, saying that local people were still opposed to the project.
we are opposing the nanar project for the sake of the local people.
i believed then, and even now, that the people do not want the project to be located there, uddhav added.
shiv sena has been demanding that a ram temple be constructed in ayodhya.
on monday, uddhav had demanded that the centre take a courageous decision to bring in a law to build the temple.
however, in a jibe, the pm on thursday had said the supreme court is hearing the case and asked some loudmouths to refrain from making statements on the issue.
uddhav on friday countered the pm by claiming that he was voicing the opinion of the hindus in the country.
i was not indulging in politicking.
i was just voicing what is there in the minds of countless hindus.
we have faith in the courts but this case has gone on far too long.
he added that he may visit ayodhya once more before the assembly elections.
uddhav had visited ayodhya, along with 18 of his mps, after the lok sabha elections.
on thursday, when the chief minister arrived in pimpri to launch bjps campaign, durge sat on a hunger strike in protest against a ticket being denied to him in sambhajinagar.
on thursday, when the chief minister arrived in pimpri to launch bjps campaign, durge sat on a hunger strike in protest against a ticket being denied to him in sambhajinagar.
the bjp, which is hoping to capture the pawar bastion of pimpri-chinchwad, seem to be facing opposition from within the party, especially from the sidelined leaders-who many believe are sure-shot winners.
the sidelined leaders, at least five of them who are considered heavyweights in their respective areas, are clearly sulking and even protesting, loud and clear.
one of them raju durge, who is a former corporator and also bjp general secretary, is quite agitated after the party rejected his claim to the nomination.
on thursday, when chief minister devendrafadnavis arrived in town to launch the partys poll campaign, durge sat on a hunger strike in protest against ticket being denied to him in sambhajinagar area.
hordes of residents from different walks of life, including his own party leaders, rushed forth to pacify him.
durge made it clear that the party had done injustice to him.
watch what else is making news:yes, i am hurti did all the hard work all these years only to find myself sidelined, he said.
after breaking the fast at 4 pm, durge even went to cms rally in chinchwad but preferred to sit among the audience even as other leaders graced the stage alongside fadnavis.
unlike several other leaders who had been imported from other parties, primarily from ncp, durge has been a bjp loyalist for long.
voters in his area strongly feel that durge was partys trump card in an area where ncp leader mangala kadam has been the dominating.
all the rival parties always considered raju durge a threat.
this is because of his mighty connect with the voters.
he is very meticulous in what he does, said shridhar chalkha, a civic activist and a local resident.
chalkha said durge has been putting in might well before the poll code came into force.
he had covered most of the areas and struck a rapport with the voters.
but his own party has let him downhe was a sure-shot winner, dont know why bjp ignored him, said chalkha.
another big omission from bjps list is former corporator amar moolchandani, a prominent leader from sindhi community, who commands respect from different communities in pimpri.
he was seeking ticket from pimpri camp for himself as well as his aide raja sawant.
moolchandani, who spent a major part of his political career with the congress, switched over to the bjp two years ago.
he had lost the 2012 election to dabbu aswani and was hoping to make a comeback.
moolchandani refuses to reveal why he is not in the fray when he was campaigning till the last day of filing of nomination papers.
the party probably has a bigger role for me, he said.
his close aide, raja sawant, said, i am equally baffledi have no clue why we are out of the race, he said.
for the moolchandani camp, which had been trying to establish their supremacy in pimpri politics, this sure is considered a big setback.
yet another bjp leader, babu nair, one of the general secretaries, who was seeking nomination from morwadi area, was denied ticket.
apparently swallowing the partys bitter pill, nair said that the party has asked him to organise its campaign and work to ensure its victory.
nair was campaigning extensively and was in constant touch with the voters for past five years.
i am now working for the partys victory, he said, trying to hide his disappointment and denying that he was brooding after being denied a ticket.
however, his close associates said nair has been rattled by bjps attitude.
nair shifted to the bjp from the congress with the hope of getting nomination much before the civic election.
despite his good work for the past two years, he has been ignored, said one of his associates.
mahesh kulkarni, who is the partys brahmin face in chinchwad area where the brahmin community has a big presence, has also been asked to work for the partys victory.
similarly, sanjeevani kulkarni-pandey, who shifted allegiance from ncp to bjp along with azam pansare, went to the extent of filing her nomination papers after being denied a ticket from chinchwad area.
pandey has been heading the state brahmin body and is known for her social activism in chinchwad area.
the party could not give me any satisfactory reply as to why i was not given a ticket.
though i had decided to contest as an independent, the party leaders have now convinced me to support the official candidate which i have decided to do, she said.
she probably put the condition that she will announce her support in front of the cm, which she did on thursday.
bjps labour leader prakash dhavale was upset after being denied the ticket that he went back to his original party, the shiv sena.
dhavale had shifted to bjp from shiv sena in 2007.
dhavale said those who came from ncp where given tickets, but he was denied the nomination.
when contacted, bjp pimpri-chinchwad president laxman jagtap said,durges daughter has been given a ticket.
two persons from one family becomes difficult.
similarly, moolchandani himself decided to opt out.
babu nair has been asked to work for partys victory.
maharashtra became the first state to bring amendments in the draft gst bill to provide adequate compensation and protection to local bodies following enforcement of goods and services tax from july 1,2017.
the decision also means the state government will have to make financial provisions of more than rs 15,000 crore for the local bodies.
following the draft gst bill, shiv sena gave its approval to the goods and services tax, after the state government promised to credit the compensation amount in the bmc account before fifth of every month.
this has paved the way for smooth passage of the gst bill in the state legislature at the three-day special session from may 20 to 22.
the state cabinet on tuesday adopted the draft legislation by incorporating the compensation clause to replace the financial loss that would be incurred by the bmc and local bodies due to abolition of octroi and local body tax respectively.
late monday night, the state government had provided a copy of the draft gst bill to sena president uddhav thackeray.
the sena president gave the nod after discussing the amendments with party leaders.
highly placed sources in the government said, chief minister devendrafadnavis reassured thackeray that every financial loss on account of octroi would be adequately compensated.
as mumbai was a very important economic capital, the government was equally concerned about the civic issues and responsibilities.
it is mandatory for every state to ratify the gst after lok sabha and rajya sabha gave their approval in the budget session.
the gst will be implemented from july 1.
following abolition of octroi in bmc and local body tax in municipal councils across maharashtra, the state government made amendments in the draft gst to make allocation of funds as compensation to the bmc and other local bodies mandatory.
the gst draft states, the state government will every month before fifth credit the amount in the accounts of bmc and local bodies.
the total amount which the state will have to incur for local bodies is estimated at rs 14,500 crore of which bmc will be provided rs 7,200 crore as compensation for abolition of octroi.
every year, the amount will be increased by eight percent.
the state government acknowledged that every local body and bmc would require consolidated funds for civic work in their respective cities.
the implementation of gst mandating a unified tax regime makes their individual tax collections from purchase of sugarcane to entry tax on vehicles and octroi redundant.
leader of the opposition radhakrishna vikhe-patil said, for the last one year, we have urged the centre and the state to make provisions to compensate for the abolition of lbt and octroi.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file)in a subtle hint of his hopes of the the bjp and the shiv sena jointly contesting the next years polls, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has said that all secular but hindutva parties would come together to counter the pseudo-secular opposition.
he said the bjp-shiv sena alliance broke before the 2014 state polls because of the uddhav thackeray-led partys adamant attitude on seat-sharing.
the shiv sena may be a party led by uddhav thackeray, but it is run on the ethos of late balasaheb thackeray.
looking at the current situation, i can say that all secular, but hindutva parties will come together to counter the pseudo-secular opposition parties, he said.
this was balasahebs thinking as well, fadnavis said.
the chief minister made the comments yesterday while being interviewed by sanjay raut, the senas rajya sabha member and executive editor of its mouthpiece saamana, at a lokmat group programme here.
lokmat group chairman and rajya sabha member vijay darda was also present at the event.
raut asked fadnavis how he knew the senas future plans when he could not even predict the next move of the rss.
to this, the chief minister said, the shiv sena is a political party and hence it is easy to predict what it will do in future.
the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) does not have any political compulsions.
its programmes are fixed at times a year in advance and it executes them as per their schedule, fadnavis said.
when raut asked him why bal thackerays hindutva ideology was forgotten by the bjp in 2014 when it snapped ties with the sena, fadnavis blamed the estranged ally for being adamant for just four more seats.
we had offered you 147 seats, but you were adamant on 151.
had you accepted our offer, the sena would have got more seats than the bjp (in the ensuing assembly polls), and either uddhavji or you would have become the cm, the cm retorted.
he denied that prime minister narendra modi or bjp chief amit shah hold the remote control of the maharashtra government.
he (modi) has asked us not to take populist measures.
he says dont take populist measures and dont make announcements that cannot be implemented, said fadnavis.
the chief minister also appealed to all political parties to introspect whether they were glorifying criminals by inducting them.
people too should decide if such criminals should be elected, he said.
fadnavis denied that he has failed as the states home minister, saying the conviction rate is important and not the crime rate.
in the last three years, we have taken the rate of conviction to 32 per cent from 8 per cent.
that is my achievement.
(late ncp leader and former home minister) r r patil had once told me that the cm must keep the home portfolio with himself, because most of the decisions of the department are given a final nod by the cm, he said.
to a question on former congress leader narayan rane, fadnavis said the sena  ranes former party  should introspect why the bjp had to take him in.
(we joined hands with him) because you are giving us step-motherly treatment, he quipped.
pcmc officials have put the figure of illegal structures at 65,000.
express pcmc officials have put the figure of illegal structures at 65,000.
expresswith the state government issuing draft rules last week to regularise illegal constructions, lakhs of illegal structures across maharashtra, primarily including those in pimpri-chinchwad and in pune city, will get a breather.
while the governments move has been welcomed by political parties  bjp especially is most ecstatic  top leaders and civic officials are holding themselves back for studying the fine print of the draft rules before sticking their neck out.
in pimpri-chinchwad, the government will have to decide the fate of as many as 26,000 illegal structures that come up on reserved land.
illegal structures dot every length and breadth of the town.
bjp had made it the top of its poll agenda both during state and civic polls.
bjp has kept its poll promise to the residents of pimpri-chinchwad, said bjp mla laxman jagtap, who is also the partys local unit president.
bjp general secretary sarang kamtekar said there were at least around 1.
5 lakh illegal structures in pimpri-chinchwad which were going to be regularised.
pcmc officials, however, put the figure of illegal structures at around 65,000.
on friday, the state urban development department, headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis , issued draft rules to regularise illegal structures across the state which came up by december 31, 2015.
the government has invited suggestions and objections on the draft rules in a month.
the draft rules envisage regularisation of illegal structures that have come up on land reserved for public amenities other than for schools, gardens and playgrounds.
in such cases, those who set up illegal structures will have to provide an alternative land at their expense.
in pimpri-chinchwad, there are over 26,000 illegal structures that have come up on land reserved for schools, gardens, playgrounds and other purposes.
civic officials say this means that thousands of illegal structures will not be legalised and will have to be demolished.
the government will have to take a call on such structures, said an official.
however, bjp leaders said, of the 26,000 illegal structures on reserved land, slums occupy the large chunk on open spaces.
as per the norms, the slum dwellers will have to be rehabilitated elsewhere under the slum rehabilitation act, said kamtekar, who got the figure  26,000 illegal structures on reserved land  through an rti application.
bjp leaders believe that there is a possibility that the illegal structures that have come up on land reserved for schools and gardens will get regularised.
the process of formulation of the new development plan for pimpri-chinchwad is under way.
the tenders for existing land use (elu) have been invited.
once the private agency submits the elu report, during the preparation of the revised dp, there is always the possibility of shifting the reservation concerned where illegal structures have come up, said kamtekar.
civic activist vijay kumbhar said, under any condition, the government or the civic bodies will not be able to regularise illegal constructions on land reserved for schools and gardens.
this is because there is a supreme court ruling in manohar joshi case barring any regularisation on land reserved for public amenities like schools.
senior pcmc officials, on condition of anonymity, question the move on providing alternative land by those who have built illegal structures on reserved land.
suppose a building has come up on a one-acre reserved land.
this means the occupants of such illegal buildings will have to provide one acre land at some other place.
imagine the current cost at which they will have to purchase the landthis does not sound practical, said an official.
bjp leaders, however, said this falls under the category of accommodation reservation.
the occupants will have to pay only 15 per cent cost of the built up area on the landthey do not have to pay for the entire land, they said.
ncp, the main opposition party, said though they welcomed the move to regularise the illegal structures, they needed time to study the draft rules.
last time, the cm promised to waive penalty tax fully.
however, they have decided to recover rs 550 crore penalty tax from the citizens.
they say one thing and do exactly the opposite.
unless we get the full picture, we wont like to give it a green signal, said ncp leader yogesh behl.
shiv sena bjp shrirang barne said, it was a long welcome move, but i too wouldnt like to comment much until i am able to understand as to how many citizens will benefit by the move.
in case where the occupants have violated fsi norm, they will have to pay compounding charges, say the draft rules.
similarly, the rules envisage compounding fees for violations in connection with parking space, staircase and other parts of the structures.
another sena leader, maruti bhapkar, said the compounding fee levied for regularising the illegal structures should be minimal.
therefore, the idea that occupants should provide alternative land sounds weird, he said.
the report on the draft development plan (dp) 2014-2034 submitted by the planning committee has become the latest bone of contention between the bjp and the shiv sena, with the latter opposing a metro rail carshed in aarey colony, part of chief minister devendrafadnavis ambitious thrust for metro line.
after multiple extensions, the report is completed and is expected to be submitted to mayor snehal ambekar by march 6.
apart from the three state government-appointed members, the committee includes sena corporators yashodhar phanse and trushna vishwasrao who are the standing committee chairperson and leader of the house respectively, as well as bjp group leader manoj kotak.
watch what else is making newsbased on suggestions and objections from citizens to the draft dp, the sena had raised two objections, which have been included in the report.
phanse stated that their primary objection was to cutting of trees for the carshed in aarey.
apart from the protests by locals who are vehemently opposing the carshed, the high court too has ruled against cutting of trees.
aarey is known as the citys lungs and we cant take away the citys open spaces, said phanse.
vishwasrao added that the carshed can be constructed in a space which doesnt have a large number of trees.
two weeks ago, the bombay high court issued a temporary stay on cutting of trees for all metro projects in the city.
the sena corporators also had a contention with the affordable housing scheme mentioned in the dp.
we have recommended that the scheme be redesigned as social housing.
unlike the original scheme, the project-affected persons in bmc projects as well as slum dwellers on bmc-owned land will be given priority and will be rehabilitated before others, said vishwasrao.
phanse added that the relevant department in charge of the project would bear the cost of providing accommodation.
those who can afford will be given houses but the bmc should think about the paps who have nowhere to live, he said.
barring kotak, the report has been signed by five members of the committee.
each member has to sign on every page of the report.
hinting that the bjp may try to hold up submission of the report, sena leaders said they would submit the report on march 6 regardless of kotaks signature as majority of the members have signed.
kotak said the report would be ready for submission by friday.
the points they have raised are their personal complaints and i have nothing to say on them.
i have not raised any objections, he said.
the report will eventually be tabled before the new general body after the corporators are inducted on march 8 and the dp likely to be approved by march 20.
zakir naik has been under scanner for his speeches on terrorism.
zakir naik has been under scanner for his speeches on terrorism.
condemning controversial islamic preacher zakir naik for his alleged hate speeches that inspired one of the bangladeshi terrorists who carried on the dhaka caf attack last month, the congress party on wednesday urged the bjp-led maharashtra government to take strong action against him.
action should be taken against him.
all the proofs should be exposed and made public.
there should be absolute transparency and there must be action against any crime, congress leader pl punia told ani.
echoing similar sentiments, congress spokesperson priyanka chaturvedi said if there is evidence against naik and if there is enough proof to back it up then the maharashtra government should ensure action.
we have seen a lot of politics being played over it that some parts of the ministry of home affairs (mha) have gone on record to say that they have found nothing against zakir naik and no evidence to suggest that he has promoted terrorism.
on the other hand, we have a chief minister who is saying something like that, she added.
chaturvedi said instead of politicizing the issue, if there is evidence then prosecution should follow and action should be taken.
it should not make the chief minister run to media, it should make the chief minister run towards taking action, decisive measures to ensure that such kind of activities are discouraged, she added.
fadnavis has said that the state government would press for extradition of naik if he does not return on his own from abroad.
speaking to reporters in the state capital on tuesday, the maharashtra chief minister said he has received the report by the mumbai police on naik which severely indicts him.
he also stated that many unlawful activities and possible terror links have been pointed out pertaining to the organisation of which naik is a leader.
the chief minister added the state government is currently examining the report and would soon share it with the ministry of home affairs (mha) and in consultation with the ministry the state government would decide further course of action needed in the matter.
amid reports last month that naik s preaching inspired some of those involved in dhaka terror strike, the maharashtra government had asked the mumbai police to probe naiks past speeches available online, to see if any of them could have inspired the youth to join terrorist organisations.
the city police was also conducting a joint inquiry with other probe agencies into the functioning of naiks islamic research foundation (irf) to scrutinize the finances it has received from various parts of the world.
meanwhile, the home ministry has initiated an inquiry against an ngo run by naik for alleged violation of foreign contributions (regulation) act.
a standard questionnaire has been sent to mumbai-based islamic research foundation (irf) after preliminary inquiry found the ngo run by naik allegedly received about rs. 15 crores during a five-year period preceding 2012.
as per reports, the irf has been asked to furnish details of its bank accounts and amount of foreign contributions received and utilised by it since inception.
the home ministry probe will cover the allegations that foreign funding to irf was used for political activities and other illegal activities.
reports suggest that legal opinion tendered recently to the home ministry has favoured declaring the irf an unlawful association under the unlawful activities (prevention) act.
the grounds for such a ban may include spreading hatred among religious communities and forced conversions by members.
b'the governments concern relates to projects where 75 per cent of the work has already been completed.
the state has pursued with the centre for completion of 199 irrigation projects in a time-bound manner.
the governments concern relates to projects where 75 per cent of the work has already been completed.
the state has pursued with the centre for completion of 199 irrigation projects in a time-bound manner.
the maharashtra government has decided to hold direct negotiations with farmers to acquire land for irrigation projects across the state.
work on ongoing irrigation projects remains sluggish, blamed primarily on delay in land acquisition from farmers or landowners in villages.
the governments concern relates to projects where 75 per cent of the work has already been completed.
the state has pursued with the centre for completion of 199 irrigation projects in a time-bound manner.
it includes 132 projects in drought-prone talukas.
as many as 67 projects are in talukas that have recorded the maximum number of farmers suicides in the last 15 years.
for its part, the centre has responded positively, promising to accord priority to projects in drought-prone vidarbha and marathwada that will require a rs 9,500-crore financial aid.
a rs 21,000-crore package for 26 irrigation projects under the pradhan mantri sinchan yojana is still being scrutinised.
in another move, the water resources ministry wants the government to remove the technicalities that make it mandatory for the five irrigation corporations to make the payment for land acquired to the ministry of revenue in the state government.
a senior official in the department said, we have irrigation projects under five umbrellas  vidarbha irrigation development corporation (vidc); godavari maharashtra irrigation development corporation (gmidc); tapi irrigation development corporation (tidc); konkan irrigation development corporation (kidc); and maharashtra krishna valley development corporation (mkvdc).
the department, however, believes the corporation is also an entity that comes under the state government.
therefore, it feels, why should the various corporations be held accountable for paying the expenditure for land and other related aspects acquired from the ministry of revenue.
after all, both come under the state government, said the official.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed the water resources ministry to work towards completion of the irrigation projects where 75 per cent work is already done to enhance the irrigation potential in the drought-hit districts.
reports from all five corporations indicated that the process of land acquisition has proved detrimental for expediting the incomplete work.
it has been conveyed that direct negotiations with farmers/land holders will ensure the government does not have to play the role of mediator.
of the 355 talukas in the state, 179 talukas are drought-prone.
the gosikhurd national irrigation project in bhandara district, started almost 30 years ago, is in the last phase of completion.
delay in execution of projects escalates the cost of land as well as construction of the project, said an official.
the direct negotiations model for land acquisition is being stressed by the state government to drastically cut down the complexities in the land acquisition act.
sources in the water resources ministry said the centre had failed to come up with a relevant act.
maharashtra has a land acquisition act, which allows highest compensation five times more for the land.
but the multiple departments involved in the negotiations often leads to procedural delay.
even though we have allowed direct negotiations, land acquisition becomes cumbersome.
to avoid the process and also administrative complacency, government is promoting direct land negotiations from farmers for irrigation projects, said a source.
b'forest minister sudhir mungantiwar on wednesday said there are preliminary reports suggesting jai, the biggest tiger in the state, has wandered in the neighbourhood corridor of pauni (bhandara district) in vidarbha region.
jai, who is tagged as a head turner, went missing from his home location umred-karhandla wildlife sanctuary for the last few months, causing panic amongst the forest department.
the forest ministry has deployed five teams to search the forest corridors to locate missing jai.
the government has scaled up search operations ahead of the world tiger day, july 29.
to promote tiger tourism, the state government has launched project selfie with tiger.
maharashtra which has one of the finest tiger corridors is planning to bring its tourism on the global map.
chief minister devendrafadnavis and mungantiwar have also rolled out an elaborate plan for tiger tourism.
however, disappearance of states biggest tiger has gave some anxious moments to the forest department.
according to mungantiwar, we are completely ruling out possibility of poaching.
maharashtra has ensured adequate measures to totally eliminate poaching through strict monitoring and punishment.
he said, the reports from the field suggest that jai has again embarked on an adventure straying from his present location to wander into deeper jungle corridor.
based on the forest officials input, he said, there are reports that village sarpanchs have spotted jai near pauni (bhandara).
the forest minister revealed that jai is known for springing surprises through his wandering habits.
he even described jai as happy-go-lucky.
watch video: whats making newstracing his past, mungantiwar said, as a three year old, jai walked all the way from nagzira covering almost 100 kms in search of a female tiger.
well, he did succeed.
what has appalled officials was his ability to confront human sites and navigate the corridors which had human habitations.
the forest minister believes, the survival of jai is not a question as he can feed on cattle.
there are evidences suggesting his food habits which makes him a good wanderer.
the ministry believes there are several theories for his disappearance.
the foremost could be he was looking for a mate that led him in new corridors.
secondly, he may have strayed in search of new corridors being nudged by his own cubs and other family members.
however, the big question that has officials worried is the mysterious disappearance.
the tiger was radio collared at amred-karhandla wildlife sanctuary by experts team from wildlife institute of india, dehradun and pench forest officials.
it was to facilitate monitoring his movements.
umred-karhandla is about 60 kms from pauni tehsil in district bhandara.
the forest ministry officials said,  it is a long forest corridor which connects key tiger reserves tadoba andhari, bor, nagzira and pench.
despite massive search operations the heavy monsoons is proving hurdle in locating jai.
b'chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the supreme courts decision in the cbi special judge b h loyas death case has more than established that maharashtra governments investigation into the matter was free and fair.
(file) chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the supreme courts decision in the cbi special judge b h loyas death case has more than established that maharashtra governments investigation into the matter was free and fair.
(file)demanding a public apology from the opposition and a few media houses, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the supreme courts decision in the cbi special judge b h loyas death case has more than established that maharashtra governments investigation into the matter was free and fair.
ruling out foul play in loyas death, the supreme court on thursday concluded that he had died of natural causes and dismissed petitions seeking inquiry into the circumstances of the death.
speaking to mediapersons, fadnavis maintained that the order has exposed the opposition, which was raising unsubstantiated charges against the governments at the centre and the state.
today, congress, communists and their allies, along with two to three media houses, which were engaged in false propaganda against bjp president amit shah, should tender an apology to the nation.
they also own an apology to the supreme court for wasting its time, he said.
the opposition had stressed on the conspiracy theory and unnecessarily dragged the name of bjp and its leaders to score brownie points.
they went to the extent of accusing bjp president amit shah however, the sc verdict has exposed the mask of congress, communists and their allies, the cm added.
the development is also a clear pointer and endorsement on the indepth investigation done by the state government in the loya case, said fadnavis.
b'the editorial also mentioned that since modi came to power, the lok sabha bypolls were held for 10 seats and the bjp lost nine seats from it.
the editorial also mentioned that since modi came to power, the lok sabha bypolls were held for 10 seats and the bjp lost nine seats from it.
slamming the bjp over its defeat in the recent bypolls, the shiv sena on friday, in an editorial in its mouthpiece saamana, said that the bjps lok sabha seats will decrease by at least 100-110 in 2019, stating that the defeat is certain for those who drive away their friends and go on path of lies.
in 2019, the bjps tally will not remain 280 and it is clear now that it will decrease by at least 100-110 seats.
bjp does not have to fight the polls in russia, canada, france, america or israel but in india only.
so, they should keep their feel in this country, said the editorial, taking an indirect dig at prime minister narendra modis foreign visits.
this statement is not right.
the gorakhpur bypoll result has defeated the arrogance and the ego of the bjp.
those who have dispelled friends and have chosen the path of lies are certain to face the defeat.
when the downfall starts, no chanakya can stop it, said the editorial.
it added that tmc chief mamata banerjee said that this is the beginning of the end of the bjp.
only lord ram knows about it.
but, it has to be accepted that the people are throwing the bjp down, it said.
the editorial also mentioned that since modi came to power, the lok sabha bypolls were held for 10 seats and the bjp lost nine seats from it.
bjp has lost almost all the by-polls under the leadership of modi and bjp chief amit shah, it said.
(express archive)after three consecutive days of disruption, the state legislative council wednesday resumed business after chief minister devendrafadnavis placated the opposition, saying the state government was not considering carving out a separate vidarbha state.
the chief minister also tried to address the conflict between the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and ally shiv sena over the issue, saying that whatever individual stance the two parties may take, they work together in the state government and will take decisions together.
the congress and the nationalist congress party (ncp) had sought the senas support on the demand that the government come out with a resolution on akhanda (undivided) maharashtra.
fadnavis said, i am working here as the chief minister of akhanda maharashtra.
as individual parties, bjp has always supported smaller states and shiv sena has supported an undivided maharashtra.
but here, the two parties are working in the government together, so the view is that of the government and not of individual parties.
the state government is not considering any split in maharashtra, the chief minister added.
he also said that creating new states was the prerogative of the narendra modi-led union government and not the state government.
i want to make the governments stand clear and i want to request this house to carry on with the usual business, fadnavis said.
the opposition, which has a majority in the legislative council, had been insisting that the bjp-led state government clarify its position on statehood for vidarbha, after a bjp member of parliament (mp) last week put forward a proposal for discussion on the issue in the lok sabha.
bhandara: nationalist congress party (ncp) workers celebrate their partys success in bhandaragondiya loksabha by-elections, outside their party office, in bhandara district of maharashtra on thursday, may 31, 2018.
bhandara: nationalist congress party (ncp) workers celebrate their partys success in bhandaragondiya loksabha by-elections, outside their party office, in bhandara district of maharashtra on thursday, may 31, 2018.
the ruling bjp on thursday emerged victorious in the palghar lok sabha bypoll in maharashtra, defeating its ally in the state, the shiv sena, by a margin of 28,474 votes.
the election saw the congress being relegated to the fifth position  its worst performance in six decades  with its candidate polling only 47,713 votes (5.
37 per cent).
the bitterly contested bypoll saw bjps rajendra gavit  a former congress minister  polling 2,72,780 (30.
75 per cent) votes and senas shrinivas wanaga bagging 2,43,206 (27.
42 per cent) votes.
while the candidate of bahujan vikas aghadi, the runner-up in the 2014 lok sabha polls, won the third spot with 2,22,837 votes (25.
12 per cent), the cpi(m) candidate got 71,887 votes (8.
1 per cent).
sena president uddhav thackeray, however, refused to acknowledge the bjp win.
the people have voted against the bjp.
how can it be their victory?
congress state chief ashok chavan and ncps nawab mallik were unanimous in their argument that evms and misuse of power had helped the bjp get an edge.
the electoral outcome has thrown open new political dynamics in the state.
the traditional tribal-dominated seat has, for the first time, brought sena in political reckoning.
secondly, the congress suffered a huge loss of face under the leadership of party national president rahul gandhi.
the bypoll was necessitated following the death of sitting bjp mp chintaman wanaga in january.
it became a talking point after sena fielded wanagas son shrinivas.
while the bjp went on accuse sena of betrayal, uddhav maintained that this was done to provide justice to the wanaga family.
the election saw high-voltage campaign with chief minister devendrafadnavis campaigning extensively.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath and union minister smriti irani also campaigned for the bjp nominee.
bjp loses bhandara-gondiyathe bjp on thursday lost the lok sabha bypoll at bhandara-gondiya in maharashtra, with the congress-ncp alliance winning the seat with a margin of 48,097 votes.
while ncps madhukar kukde polled 4,42,213 votes, bjps hemant patle could manage only 3,94,116 votes.
the real winner, however, was nana patole  the incumbent bjp mp  who joined the congress last year.
accusing pm narendra modi of not listening to anyone, patole had alleged that the pm had asked him to keep quiet when he had tried to raise the issue of farmers.
while the bjp chose not to expel him, patole joined the congress, necessitating the bypoll.
they tried their best to see to it that the election was not held because they were sensing defeat.
they could have held it along with gorakhpur bypolls (in march).
they also campaigned against me personally, focusing on the allegation that i had thrust the election on the people of bhandara-gondiya.
the cm even said in a public meeting that bypolls are held when somebody dies.
people took it as an offence.
now, they should tell who has died in bhandara-gondiya, patole told the indian express.
amruta fadnavis along with her husband, chief minister devendrafadnavis in a music video titled mumbai river anthem (source: t-series) amruta fadnavis along with her husband, chief minister devendrafadnavis in a music video titled mumbai river anthem (source: t-series)days after she, along with her husband, chief minister devendrafadnavis , appeared in a music video titled mumbai river anthem, amruta fadnavis has been approached by some pune-based activists, requesting her to repeat her effort for the sake of punes rivers as well.
in a letter emailed to her, veteran activists like d v r rao, satish khot and gautam idnani have urged her to do another song video, this time to save pune rivers from increasing pollution.
we are seriously seeking amruta fadnavis help as punes rivers are in shambles.
if she does what she did for mumbais rivers, we are sure punes rivers will get a new lease of life, said khot.
in the e-mail, sent last week, the activists wrote, as persons who have lived in maharashtra for most of our lives, we can say with all certainty that all of maharashtra is proud to have you as her first lady.
you have blazed new trails, be it for political events or for charity.
you are a woman of conviction and a trailblazer, setting new benchmarks and changing perceptions in the role of first lady.
the song you sang for the video mumbai river anthem has already crossed 2.
3 million views in the first week of release and it just proves your thumping popularity, while driving home the fact that you care for mumbais natural beauty and her water bodies, the letter underlined.
pune is no strange place to you, as you have been a student here, while doing your mba.
you will agree that the basis of punes natural beauty has been its clean rivers.
however, over the past few years, they have been in a state of dire neglect and have been badly treated.
for pune residents, it is heartbreaking to see her natural resources, like water bodies, undergo such merciless abuse.
it is time we revived punes rivers, and we need your help in saving them, the letter stated.
the letter pointed out that the pune municipal corporation is about to release 976 hectares of land along river banks to builders.
whatever semblance of green zone we have, it is slated to disappear.
this will be detrimental to our future and a curse on the future generations (our children and grandchildren) who will live here, said khot.
the activists wrote, how do you like the idea of singing a song for punes rivers and performing it over a much publicised event on one of punes iconic bridges, such as the lakdi pul?
the attachment in this mail has a poem written by the well-known poet shrirang godbole, who has also set the tune for it.
the event is being envisioned to be organised and advertised in a way that local residents of all age groups gather on each bridge in pune and sing the same song as a precursor to the main event, where you will sing.
the letter said no event of this magnitude could be complete without the active participation of political stalwarts like mps, mlas, the mayor of pune, as well as the principal secretary, housing and urban development, the municipal commissioner and other senior government officers.
the idea is to have a chief singer on each bridge, ably supported by senior mps and mlas.
it will be the first time that pune would brace herself for an event of such significance and magnitude, to save her rivers, wrote the activists.
the letter added, may we also request that you put in a good word to your husband the chief minister, to grace the occasion and lend his good offices to the event in pune?
its another first in the long list, where a letter is addressed to the first lady and is requesting the presence of her husband, who is maharashtras chief minister devendra fadnavis.
amrutaji, we salute your enterprising spirit and your deep interest in promoting causes that affect the quality of life in cities like mumbai and pune.
khot said they were urging all pune residents to write to amruta fadnavis, urging her to extend her helping hand to revive punes rivers.
we are sure she will not say no to pune residents, he said.
the sena and bjp have been governing the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) together since 1997 with the sena playing the lead role.
but the sena grip has loosened  its seat count fell from 103 in 1997 to 75 in 2012.
the sena and bjp have been governing the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) together since 1997 with the sena playing the lead role.
but the sena grip has loosened  its seat count fell from 103 in 1997 to 75 in 2012.
upping the ante against its ally bjp, shiv sena monday said chief minister devendrafadnavis will be sent home if he continues to level charges against it in the run up to the local body polls.
the remarks from the bickering ally came after fadnavis hit out at it at a bjp rally here on saturday, close on the heels of the sena deciding against a pre-poll pact with the senior partner for civic polls in mumbai and other cities across the state.
watch what else is making news:they (bjp leaders) have been talking about building a ram temple for the last 28 years and duping people in the name of uniform civil code.
now, they intend to give mumbai into the hands of rich people.
if the cm continues to level low grade charges against the shiv sena, for time being it has left him only with a sore throat but tomorrow he will be sent home, the sena said in an editorial in party mouthpiece saamana.
the allusion was to fadnaviss sore throat while he made the hard hitting speech against the sena.
the sena said the work done by the party in the metropolis is the mantra for its victory and that it does not need goons and extortionists to win elections.
in states like up and goa, fadnaviss party has opened a special window to induct goons and criminals.
in maharashtra, they have wide-opened doors to induct such people.
show a certificate that you are a rapist, murderer, corrupt and gain entry into the party.
this is the package being offered by them, the sena charged.
chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday called for fast tracking of projects in the naxal corridor.
advertisingaddressing the unified command mechanisms meeting in mumbai, fadnavis said, all the sanctioned infrastructure, health and education projects in the naxal belt of gadchiroli and gondia should be expeditiously completed.
work on building roads, bridges, installing mobile towers, setting up healthcare units and education institutions should be taken up with priority.
fadnavis also asked officials to enforce the police recruitment policy in the naxal belt.
police officers are posted in naxal areas for two years.
congress leader digvijaya singh.
(express photo by arul horizon ) congress leader digvijaya singh.
(express photo by arul horizon )with pakistan announcing to ban indian television and radio programmes, congress leader digvijay singh on friday said films and tv serials along with sports can be a very potent means to improve bilateral ties.
films and tv serials from both countries can be a very potent source along with sports to improve relations between both countries (sic), he tweeted.
he said artistes on both sides can be best of ambassadors.
we must open dialogue with pakistan and also not unnecessarily target artists on both sides.
they can be best of ambassadors on both sides (sic), singh said in another tweet.
recalling former prime minister atal bihari vajpayees words about pakistan, he said, atal ji had rightly said wedont have an option of choosing our neighbours (sic).
on the clamour to ban pakistani artistes in india, hesaid, i fully support bollywoods stand on filmmakers.
why punish only artists?
why not ban any kind of relationship with pakistan (sic)?
pakistans media regulatory authority had yesterday announced to enforce a complete ban on indian tv and radiocontents from today.
it warned that the licences of those found guilty of violating the ban will be suspended.
the ban extends to all indian content on cable and radio being aired in pakistan.
the authority also decided to cancel one-sided rights given to indian media by the pervez musharraf government in 2006.
india has made it clear there is no ban on pakistani artistes, who are facing ire of political parties like mns inmaharashtra in the wake of uri attack.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had yesterday assured filmmaker karan johar that the state government will ensure smooth release of his directorial project ae dil hai mushkil, which is facing threat from mns for featuring a pakistani actor in it.
the governments push to build smart cities and towns has culminated in a novel initiative in maharashtra where policemen have come together to build a smart township on the outskirts of mumbai.
the maharashtra government has cleared a proposal for setting up an integrated township, exclusively for policemen, on a 46-hectare (113 acre) land parcel in khalapurs wayal, which is just about 50 kilometers from the commercial capital.
the brihanmumbai police cooperative housing society  a collective formed by policemen themselves  had approached the government for the permission to build the township.
nitin kareer, principal secretary, urban development, confirmed that chief minister devendrafadnavis had already granted his approval to the construction project under the governments newly revised policy for integrated townships.
a formal notification in this regard will be issued in the coming few days.
the proposal is to set up a smart township comprising 10,000 ownership homes for the policemen.
as per the governments policy, the housing society will be entitled for 1.
95 fsi or building rights over 1.
85 times the plots gross size.
besides building homes for the policemen, the society would have to build a network of dedicated bicycle tracks, intelligent transport management systems and pedestrian pathways within the township.
drawing from the centres smart cities model, the states revised policy also demanded wifi connectivity, 247 water supply and green buildings, among other things, in the township.
for encouraging the initiative, the cm has ordered relaxation of norms for economic activity within the township.
although the governments policy mandates a township developer to set aside 20 per cent built-up space for economic activity as a measure to promote the walk-to-work concept, fadnavis has decreased this requirement to just 10 per cent built-up space for the township for policemen.
similarly, the cm has also extended a discount on premiums payable for various building and town planning permits, which have been halved in this case.
the obligation for building homes for economically weaker and low-income segments has also been relaxed from 20 per cent of the overall buildable space to 15 per cent to promote police housing.
additional commissioner of police pratap dighavkar, one of the main promoters of the project, said, the homes built in the township would cater to the housing needs of police constables and widows of policemen.
dighavkar claimed that the housing society already owned most of the land required for the project.
he, however, refused to divulge further information.
once the government issues a formal notification, we plan to invite the chief minister himself to brief the media about the details.
sources said that the township falls in the influence zone of the upcoming navi mumbai international airport.
the city and industrial development corporation of maharashtra (cidco), a state-owned firm, has already drawn up plans to promote a mega city in the influence area.
the cm has also sanctioned proposals for nine other integrated township projects under the revised policy.
while three other townships  two promoted by valuable properties and another one by the baviskar group  falling in the airports influence area were approved, four other townships around pune were also cleared.
construction giant lodha groups proposal for a new township in bhiwandi was also approved.
kareer also confirmed that a proposal for amalgamation of three township projects, promoted by the group, between navi mumbai and dombivali, and the application of the revised norms to this amalgamated township had also been approved.
earlier, on december 26, 2016, the fadnavis government had revised norms for integrated township lifting curbs on construction in green belts.
under the erstwhile norms, the buildable area permissible on green belts had been restricted to 0.
6 times the plot area even as township in residential or urbanised zones were permitted to build up to 1.
7 times the plot area.
fadnaviss revised norms did away with this distinction.
under the prevalent norms, a floor space index (fsi) of built-up area to total plot area of 1.
7 is permitted for townships in residential or urbanised zones, whereas the fsi on green belts is restricted to 0.
6.
but the revised norms have done away with this distinction.
depending on the size of the township, the new norms allow developers to build up to 2.
2 times the plot size in any zone.
the revised norms state that a township developer is entitled to a basic fsi of 1.
for townships on green belts, no development zones, agricultural zones, lands marked as afforestation zones or hill slopes, a developer will have to pay an additional premium of 10-20 per cent of the ready reckoner for zone conversion to residential use.
besides this, depending on the townships size, a developer is entitled to a further additional fsi of 0.
7 to 1 by paying another 10 per cent premium on ready reckoner rates.
the state has also retained the existing provision of providing another 0.
2 fsi to developers for meeting the obligation of building homes for economically weaker and low-income segments on 20 per cent of the buildable space.
stating that enhancing construction rights on green belts contained in a township would lessen the demand for diversion of more agricultural lands for construction purposes, the government had argued that the revision in norms was needed to meet the growing housing demand.
it also clarified that no township would be permitted on land designated as notified forests, water bodies, tribal lands, national parks, defence estates, cantonment lands and eco-sensitive belts.
smart city concepts of dedicated bicycle tracks, intelligent transport management systems, pedestrian pathways, 247 water supply and wifi connectivity were also incorporated.
within three months of policy, ten proposals have now been approved.
kareer said that this only indicated that the revisions to the policy have been well received.
sources said that some of the projects approved had been in the pipeline for sometime now.
to develop 22 cities, cm to kick off rs 1,622-cr schemesmumbai: to enhance better civic amenities, including clean drin-king water and solid waste management, schemes worth rs 1,622 crore will be implem-ented across 22 cities and towns in mahar-ashtra.
chief minister devendrafadnavis will launch these schemes through e-bhoomip-ujan in mumbai on thursday.
it will be followed by the interaction with the local representatives in every city and town.
taking the growing urbanisation as a challenge, the chief minister has clearly indicated that all the parameters of smart cities undertaken by centres amrut abhiyan should be implemented in every city and town in the state.
the government will soon come out with a policy to fix the fare system for cab aggregators in the state and implement strict controls on surge pricing.
the policy will aim at monitoring the services of popular call cab operators such as ola, uber and meru in the mumbai metropolitan region (mmr) and provide them with fare meters.
the governments move comes after complaints by commuters of cab operators charging exorbitant rates through the concept of surge pricing, a surcharge on the given fare when the demand for taxis is higher than cabs available around a given area.
the state transport department has confirmed that it will eliminate surge pricing.
in a meeting held on wednesday, transport minister diwakar raote emphasised on restricting the monopoly of price by the aggregators.
the new policy is awaiting final approval of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
it would entail proper provisions on regulating the fares of mobile-application based cab service providers, raote said.
we are likely to put a cap on the minimum and maximum pricing of the cab operators, which will benefit consumers, he added.
watch video: whats making newsunder the city taxi scheme 2015, transport officials had submitted a proposal to the state last year to consider revising the rules for private taxi operators in the city.
the major observations of the scheme include deciding the fare of the aggregators, prescribing a uniform colour scheme, permitting city taxi permits to the drivers and allowing the sole usage of cng and lpg for running their services.
welcoming the states announcement, bala sanep, member of jai bhagwan taxi union, said, this decision would surely benefit the drivers of kaali-peeli taxis.
we also demand that the government impose on the aggregators every regulation, such as licensing of permits and control on vehicle numbers, that we have to follow.
environmentalist and urban issues expert rishi agarwal said, the government has to look at balancing commuter interest, understanding innovation and allowing a level-playing field to the new and existing players in the transport service.
despite several attempts, spokespersons for ola and uber could not be reached for comment.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
at the national conclave on good governance and peoples participation, fadnavis and madhya pradesh cm shivraj singh chouhan spoke on the significance of peoples participation in effectively delivering policy reforms.
the conclave at uttan in the suburbs of mumbai was organised by rambhau prabodhini mhalgi.
watch what else is making news:fadnavis acknowledged the contribution of non-government organisations in carrying forward the work on jalyukta shivar projects.
we cannot dismiss the word business as for just marketing and earning profits.
there are corporates and individual entrepreneurs who have displayed unwavering commitment to social causes.
along with ngos, the public and the government, their services should be availed for uplift of society and poor people, said the cm.
he said there were at least 17 sectors where the government was working on reforms involving cross-sections of people.
earlier, chouhan listed the successes witnessed in madhya pradesh with the help of peoples participation, citing the examples of 20 per cent agriculture growth and narmada cleaning campaign.
in madhya pradesh, people have decided not to pollute rivers with any offering, including flowers and fruits.
instead, they perform the rituals holding the clean river water in hands, he said.
b'shiv sena claims that they are the sole guardians of maharashtra and marathi identity.
(source: pti) shiv sena claims that they are the sole guardians of maharashtra and marathi identity.
(source: pti)shiv sena, which will tomorrow celebrate its golden jubilee at a grand function here, today claimed it is the only guardian of maharashtra.
attempts were being made to destroy the marathi identity and the unity of the state, which would not be allowed to happen, alleged the party, whose relations with the ruling ally bjp have been strained for a long time.
the uddhav thackeray-led party will be staging a grand event in suburban goregaon tomorrow to celebrate its 50 years of existence.
watch video: whats making newslike india, maharashtra too has its share of problems.
what pains us more is that people who call themselves marathis are the ones who aggravate problems.
maharashtra with mumbai as its part was formed, thanks to the sacrifice of hundreds of people.
king shivajis soul would be hurt to see attempts are being made to hand over the control of mumbai to delhi, the editorial in the party mouthpiece saamana said today.
the sena is maharashtras only guardian and it has been guarding it honestly for the last fifty years.
today, attempts are being made to destroy the marathi identity and unity of the state which we will not let happen, it said.
in the recent past, the demand for a separate vidarbha was raised, notably by the former advocate general shrihari aney, who is supposed to be close to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
sena is bitterly opposed to the demand.
tomorrows event is being seen as bugle for the next years crucial elections to the brihanmumbai municipal corporation which the party currently controls.
b'the project comprising statue of warrior king chhatrapati shivaji, to come up in the arabian sea, has been handed over to l&t.
the project comprising statue of warrior king chhatrapati shivaji, to come up in the arabian sea, has been handed over to l&t.
the statue of warrior king chhatrapati shivaji, to come up in the arabian sea, will be the tallest in the world, chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said in the state assembly.
the height of the statue along with the pedestal will be 210 metres.
the height of the statue will be 121.
2 metres and it will be mounted on a pedestal 88.
8 metres tall.
his statement followed congress-ncp allegations that the government had reduced the height of the statue.
former chief minister prithviraj chavan (congress) said, when the original proposal of shivaji statue was mooted during the congress-ncp regime, the height proposed was 160 metres and pedestal was 32 metres.
the height of the statue along with pedestal, which was discussed and approved, was 192 metres.
giving reasons for altering the height, the chief minister said, the expert committee that mooted the proposal for structural design has recommended 60:40 ratio for the height of shivaji statue and pedestal.
the government had approved the design recommended by the panel of experts including the jj school of arts and architecture.
chavan said, the fadnavis government altered the design where it reduced the height of the statue from 160 metres to 121.
2 metres.
and instead it raised the pedestal height from 32 metres to 88.
8 metres.
although overall height of the project increased from 192 metres to 210 metres, the actual height of the statue has been reduced, he said.
chavan said, after the design change, the state government has not received environmental clearance from the environment appraisal committee, which is mandatory.
indicating that he was raising the basic questions to know whether the design change was to save on expenditure, chavan said, the technical reason cited by the state government was not convincing.
drawing a parallel with the statue of unity in gujarat, showing sardar vallabhbhai patel, the congress leader pointed out that the statue was 157 metres tall and the pedestal was only 25 metres taking the total to 182 metres.
the government dismissed chavans comparison as technically faulty.
there is a difference between statue in the river and in the deep sea, fadnavis said, adding, in the last 15 years, congress-ncp government could not install a single brick for the shivaji memorial project.
during their tenure they could not even get the approval from the ministry of environment.
last week, the government handed over the letter of acceptance to l&t for the project.
the project would cost rs 2,500 crore.
apart from the tallest statue of shivaji mounted on a horse, there would be a state-of-the-art auditorium where a light and sound show would depic the life and work of shivaji.
b'shripal sabnis at the idea exchange in indian express office.
sandeep daundkar shripal sabnis at the idea exchange in indian express office.
sandeep daundkarmanoj more: we want to begin with asking you to elaborate on your alleged anti-pm remarks before the start of the marathi sahitya sammelan.
i had said that i differ from modi who was gujarat chief minister and modi who is the prime minister.
modi as prime minister has a vision for development, a vision of developed hindutva.
he has combined the philosophy of gandhi and buddha for world peace.
he has devoted himself to the nation.
he is a patriot to the core.
manoj more : what do you think modi did wrong in gujarat ?
manoj more : what do you think modi did wrong in gujarat ?
modi failed to protect the lives of muslim population and also failed to win their confidence.
there has been no punishment.
he has received clean chit from the apex court but the blot remains.
he had to face prosecution.
i am not alleging that modi was behind gujarat carnage, but he as the then chief minister of the state, had failed to protect the lives of muslims.
whatever i am saying today, has already been said by bjps senior leaders like atal bihari vajpayee.
vajpayee clearly said that raj dharma was not followed in gujarat in the aftermath of godhra riots.
modi failed to protect the lives of muslim population and also failed to win their confidence.
there has been no punishment.
he has received clean chit from the apex court but the blot remains.
he had to face prosecution.
i am not alleging that modi was behind gujarat carnage, but he as the then chief minister of the state, had failed to protect the lives of muslims.
whatever i am saying today, has already been said by bjps senior leaders like atal bihari vajpayee.
vajpayee clearly said that raj dharma was not followed in gujarat in the aftermath of godhra riots.
manoj more: do you think modi as chief minister should have apologised to the muslim community ?
manoj more: do you think modi as chief minister should have apologised to the muslim community ?
you cannot force anybody to apologise.
it has to come from within.
may be, by doing so it could have threatened his political existence or his partys hindu vote bank could have been affected.
anuradha mascarenhas: and what do you think of modi post 2002 riots?
there has been a parivartan in modi.
he is carrying his development model across the world.
whether it was on global warming or terrorism, modi has a vision for development.
he is trying to ensure peace for humanity.
his priority is to ensure indias security.
he has accepted the challenges of ensuring peace worldwide.
manoj more: what kind of development has he brought in?
modi has brought in the development model  a model which is far better than the that of golwalkar model, savarkar model and deoras model of rss.
but the model is not faultless.
in the backdrop of the hyderabad incident, the dalits of india are still looking with suspicion at the gandhi-buddha model, which modi is carrying worldwide.
in view of what happened in hyderabad where a dalit youth was forced to commit suicide and a bjp minister is under scanner, it is clear that the dalits in india are looking with suspicion at modis parading of buddha model worldwide.
atikh rashid: you are welcoming the social media literature, but dont you think the writings are too shallow to be called literature ?
atikh rashid: you are welcoming the social media literature, but dont you think the writings are too shallow to be called literature ?
these are ephemeral while the literature has to stand the test of time.
i firmly believe that the social media is one important avenue to bring in cultural democracy in the country.
for political democracy to succeed in any country, its important to establish and foster cultural and economic democracy.
today, the social media platform is being used by youngsters to react to things that matter.
if someone does something wrong, these people give him a good battering.
yes, its true that sometimes the language used on it is obscene and full of hatred.
however, it cant be denied that social media is giving a platform to weaker sections like dalits, adivasis to express themselves.
its a good sign.
it wont keep the literature confined to the brahmanical, elite circle.
partha sarathi biswas: during the sahitya sammelan speech, you also spoke about the growing nathuram tendencies in the country ?
whether it was the murder of rationalists like dabholkar, pansare or kalburgi or assassination of mahatama gandhi, indira gandhi, they all highlight the intolerance in the country.
but this intolerance has been present during the regime of all the governments in the country.
partha sarathi biswas: what do you make of the bid to construct temple in the name of nathuram godse ?
godse was a murderer.
he had killed the mahatmaif they are going to construct a temple in the name of a murderer, then there will be temples across the country in honour of murderers.
this is dangerous for the democracy.
alifiya khan : your take on cultural terrorism practiced by certain quarters in the country ?
my view is that there should cultural exchange not only between indian and pakistan, but between all the countries.
there should be no restrictions on the movements of artistes from country to country.
garima mishra: recently a number of litterateurs had returned their sahitya akademi awards.
do you think they were right in doing so or was it a political move?
i dont think there was any politics involved in all this.
but at the same time, i feel that they should have ideally had a dialogue with the government before returning the awards.
after all, it is the society (including writers) who have elected the government.
if the dialogue dont yield any result then they should have resorted to this.
besides, i also feel that the writers have a very powerful tool with them  their pen.
as a responsible citizen, they should try to bring about change in the society through their writings.
aashay khandekar: you invited chief minister devendrafadnavis as well as ncp supremo sharad pawar on the dais.
in the past, former chief minister yashwantrao chavan had chosen to stay away from the stage.
do you support political interference in a festival of litterateurs?
aashay khandekar: you invited chief minister devendrafadnavis as well as ncp supremo sharad pawar on the dais.
in the past, former chief minister yashwantrao chavan had chosen to stay away from the stage.
do you support political interference in a festival of litterateurs?
i dont support political interference in literature.
but i do support the presence of politicians in such programmes.
it is an elitist and supremacist thought that politicians should stay away from sahitya sammelan.
nowadays, the litterateurs are not only from one particular section of society, theyre not elitists.
they are farmers, dalits and adivasis.
im the first president who asked the politicians from the dais to establish a green tribunal for the betterment of farmers.
no litterateur has made such demand earlier.
if politics isnt incorporated in our literature, how will the new litterateurs learn what they are lacking?
keeping politics away has cost us many nobels.
sushant kulkarni: there is vibrant and ever-growing stream of literature in marathi, which is writings on the internet.
do you think, it has a representation on a platform like sahitya sammelan?
i believe that this stream of writing is the new peoples literature.
there are no boundaries to the expression on the internet.
these writings truly have the potential of going beyond the geographical limits and to break free from the traditions.
but we need to be a little more careful as this medium is fast and there are probable chances of messages being misinterpreted.
at least 13 workers were killed and 58 injured on saturday in an explosion of cylinders at a chemical factory based in maharashtras dhule.
out of the 58 injured, 12 are stated to be in a critical condition.
advertisingas many as 100 workers were present in the factory when the incident occurred around 9:30 am.
the factory is located the waghadi village in shirpur taluka of dhule district.
prima facie, multiple cylinders exploded at the factory.
at least eight bodies have been recovered by police and rescue teams so far.
rescue operation is on, the shirpur police station officer was quoted as saying by pti.
home minister amit shah spoke to chief minister devendrafadnavis and took stock of the situation arising out of the explosion.
anguished to learn about the loss of lives due to explosion at a chemical factory in dhule, maharashtra.
have spoken to cm @dev_fadnavis, state govt is doing everything possible to assist the people in need.
my condolences with the bereaved families.
may injured recover soon, shah tweeted.
anguished to learn about the loss of lives due to explosion at a chemical factory in dhule, maharashtra.
have spoken to cm @dev_fadnavis, state govt is doing everything possible to assist the people in need.
my condolences with the bereaved families.
may injured recover soon.
amit shah (@amitshah) august 31, 2019expressing his grief over the loss of lives in the explosion, fadnavis announced an ex-gratia of rs 5 lakh each to the kin of the deceased.
in a tweet, fadnavis also said that guardian minister, collector, superintendent of police are present on the spot along with the sdrf team.
the fire is said to be under control now.
hearing the plight of the ostracised couple, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis invited them to varsha, his residence in mumbai, (file photo) hearing the plight of the ostracised couple, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis invited them to varsha, his residence in mumbai, (file photo)a couple, facing social boycott in their village in coastal konkan, onthursday performed puja of the ganesh idol installed at chief minister devendrafadnavis official residence varsha in south mumbai.
the couple, parmanand hewalekar and wife preetam, had reached the main gate of mantralaya, the state secretariat on wednesday, with an idol of ganesh, after residents of their village barred them from celebrating ganesh puja.
hearing their plight, fadnavis invited them to varsha, an official said.
the couple was on a dharna at mantralaya last night to seek justice against their social boycott.
the hewalekars have been ostracised by the jaat panchayat of their village mahadevache kerwade in kudal tehsil of sindhudurg district.
the ugly spectre of caste panchayats in maharashtra resurfaced last month when a 45-year-old autorickshaw driver in pune was allegedly driven to commit suicide after suffering sustained humiliation at the hands of an illicit caste tribunal.
arun kisan naikunji, who belonged to the lingayat gawli caste, allegedly took his own life at his home in punes wadgaon sheri area by hanging himself after he and his family were boycotted relentlessly for two years by the caste tribunal.
he had suffered social exclusion for reportedly supporting an inter-caste marriage, which was attended by the victims brother.
b'the state government on tuesday announced a subsidy to farmers whose tur dal and harbara (cereals) could not be procured and remained in the market.
government has decided to provide immediate subsidy to the farmers whose produce could not be procured through nafed, he said.
farmers would be provided the subsidy by thursday, he said.
the state government has procured a record tur worth rs 7,293 crore in three years.
whereas, total tur procured during last 14 years was worth just rs 426 crore.
government statistics show that the total amount of tur (yellow dal) during 2001 and 2014 procured was 1.
62 lakh metric tonne and its price was rs 426.
50 crore.
comparatively, tur procured between 2015 and 2018 was 13.
15 lakh metric tonne worth rs 7,293 crore.
farmers throw onions, vegetables while protesting on the streets of nashik.
pti farmers throw onions, vegetables while protesting on the streets of nashik.
ptiin the face of spiralling protests across maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday announced a farm loan waiver of rs 30,000 crore, the biggest such write-off for farmers in the state.
but by afternoon, it was clear that the announcement had little impact on the farmers, who declared their intention to continue with their strike.
speaking to journalists at his residence later in the day, fadnavis said, the loan waiver, which will come into force by october 31, 2017, will be restricted to small and marginal farmers with land holdings of five acres.
of the states 1.
36 crore farmers, 31 lakh have not been able to access crop loans since 2012.
restructuring of loans for this segment was not permissible, therefore, the only way forward was to write-off their loans, he said, adding that an estimated 40 lakh farmers were expected to benefit from the waiver.
fadnavis waives farm loans of rs 30,000 cr, but protests spread challenge, he said, we are not ruling out a deficit budget.
the waiver is expected to create a considerable dent in the states finances, which is already burdened by a public debt of close to rs 4 lakh crore.
over the past few weeks, even when opposition parties and farmers demanded a loan write-off, the cm had remained firm, saying such a waiver wasnt the answer.
but hours after fadnavis announced the write-off  at the end of a marathon meeting between 11 pm on friday and 4 am on saturday with representatives of the kisan kranti, the umbrella organisation which spearheaded the farmers protests  farmer committees in various districts announced that the strike would continue, with farmers from nashik, ahmednagar, western maharashtra and vidarbha joining in.
as the protests spread, farmers in puntambe in rahata taluka of ahmednagar, the nerve centre of the agitation, moved to oust the core committee members of the kisan kranti for not taking them into confidence.
as the day progressed, the core committee members became the target of attack by farmers in various districts.
amruta pawar, member of the state committee of kisan kranti, said the core committee had erred in calling off the strike without consulting anyone.
in nashik, we have decided to continue the strike, she said.
on saturday, swabhimani paksha mp raju shetti and raghunath patil, farm leaders with considerable clout in western maharashtra, also announced that the strike would continue.
minister of state for agriculture sadabhau khot, who was the governments point-person for the negotiations, too came under attack, with farmers burning his effigy in parts of nashik.
there were reports from nashik and ahmednagar of farmers being lathicharged.
farmers from across the state have been on an indefinite stir since june 1, demanding, among other things, a complete loan waiver, implementation of the swaminathan committees recommendations, an increase in the procurement price of milk and a pension scheme.
the stir has squeezed supplies of vegetables and milk to wholesale markets across the state.
in his saturday evening meeting with journalists at his residence, fadnavis said the farmers strike was a plot by a section of political parties to dislodge the government we will not allow farmers to become victims of petty politics.
he said a committee had been constituted to work out modalities of the loan waiver to ensure there is no misuse of funds and to scrutinise eligible farmers.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis: if someone else is trying to agitate in the name of farmers, the government will not talk to these people.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis: if someone else is trying to agitate in the name of farmers, the government will not talk to these people.
(file photo)hardening his stand, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday said the government will talk only to the protesting farmers and not others.
state bjp leaders have been alleging that opposition ncp and congress are behind the ongoing farmers strike.
farmers agitation today continued in some parts of the state, despite the cm announcing a loan waiver for marginal farmers two days ago.
speaking to reporters in mumbai, fadnavis said, if someone else is trying to agitate in the name of farmers, the government will not talk to these people.
as per the government data, vehicles carrying vegetables, fruits, etc reached 149 of the total 305 agriculture produce market committees (apmcs) in the state today.
leaders of the ncp and the ruling alliance partner shiv sena actively participated in enforcing `bandh in kolhapur, nashik, jalgaon, hingoli and other places.
meanwhile, some factions of shetkari sanghatna, founded by the late sharad joshi, have decided to form a new 21-member coordination committee to decide the future course of agitation, said girdhar patil, agriculture expert and leader.
speaking to reporters at solapur, minister for cooperation subhash deshmukh alleged that the congress and ncp-led opposition was instigating the farmers.
meanwhile, official sources said that 1,337 tempos and trucks carrying vegetables, fruits and other items reached the apmc at neighbouring navi mumbai.
it included 343 trucks of fruits and 486 of vegetables.
prices of commodities were stable, officials claimed.
the government dispatched 27 milk tankers under police security via pune-mumbai expressway from kolhapur, sangli and satara.
on wednesday, the bmc sent a letter refusing permission for the event.
express archive on wednesday, the bmc sent a letter refusing permission for the event.
express archivemoments before chief minister devendrafadnavis and other state government dignitaries were scheduled to attend the launch of a powerboat racing event at gateway of india, the brihanmumbai municipal corporation sent in bulldozer to stop the programme.
the shiv sena-led corporation had denied permission to the organisers of the international powerboat race, the grand prix of the sea, citing dues of rs 2.
74 crore.
watch what else is making newson wednesday, the bmc sent a letter refusing permission for the event.
on thursday, it sent the organisers packing after pressing into service an earth-moving machine and trucks, accompanied by police personnel and a team of clean-up marshals.
as the catering staff rushed to clear the tables, labourers began removing the chairs, lights and potted plants.
the venue was emptied in an hour.
we are extremely disappointed by the unjustified action by bmc we have cleared all dues related to the mumbai marathon.
there are additional charges that are disputed, said a statement from procam.
we intend to strongly take up this matter at the highest level.
the mumbai marathon attracts a concessional licence fee.
while the organiser paid a fee of rs 22,91,780 last year, bmc decided to charge the commercial rate this year.
while municipal commissioner ajoy mehta refused to comment, a bmc spokesperson said, the fee is part of public funds and they cannot take the corporation for granted we had to take action.
dhanaji jadhav, 42, hanged himself (source: express photo) dhanaji jadhav, 42, hanged himself (source: express photo)even as farmers across the state withdrew their week-long strike on thursday, the municipal town of karmala saw farmers observing a shutdown over the suicide of a farmer, dhanaji jadhav.
the 42-year-old allegedly hanged himself and in a suicide note, suspected to have been written by him, asked for the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis before his body was cremated.
angry farmers shut several roads in the area on thursday and the protest was withdrawn after solapurs guardian minister intervened and facilitated a telephonic conversation between a family member of the deceased and the chief minister.
dhanaji jadhavs suicide note.
(source: express photo) dhanaji jadhavs suicide note.
(source: express photo)the body of jadhav, a resident of jambuzara vasti in veet village of karmala taluka in the district, was found hanging from a tree outside his home late wednesday night.
the solapur district police found a suicide note in his pocket.
deputy superintendent of police prashant swami told the indian express over phone: a note, which is suspected to have been written by jadhav, has been found in his pocket.
he said in the note that he had a debt and was ending his life because of it.
we are yet to get the details of the loans he had taken.
swami confirmed that in the note, jadhav had written to his family members that he should not be cremated till the cm visited them.
over the past seven days, maharashtra has been rocked by the farmers strike that has had seen farmers hit the roads across the state.
other than disrupting supplies, farmers have carried out agitations to demand complete loan waiver.
the chief ministers offer of loan waiver for small and marginal farmers had not gone down well with the farmers who struck to the strike that was called off on thursday by a new co-ordination committee in nashik.
solapur, which incidentally is the home district of minister for cooperation subhash deshmukh also had seen farmers taking to the roads to demand loan waiver.
jadhav, the villagers said, was in the forefront of the protests in his area.
ganesh mangwade, leader of swabhimani shetkari sanghatana, said following the suicide of jadhav, his family members and villagers refused to accept the body after the post-mortem.
jadhav is survived by his parents, wife and two sons, yogiraj and yuvraj, who are studying in classes xii and ix.
jadhav had two acres of land in veet and he would at times drive a tractor in the village for money.
after the farmers suicide, there was a demand for registration of a case against the chief minster charging him with murder for jadhavs death.
anticipating untoward incidents, police had been deployed in the town.
solapurs guardian minister vijay deshmukh, who visited the town, told the indian express that jadhav had an outstanding debt of around rs 75,000 from the state bank of india (sbi).
the two acre holding of jadhav would make him eligible for loan waiver announced by the chief minister, he said.
speaking about the phone conversation that jadhavs family members had with fadnavis, he said: they wanted the chief minister to come to the spot but after the telephonic talk, they withdrew the agitation.
the minister said he would try to arrange for financial help for the deceased farmers son from the chief ministers relief fund.
jadhavs last rites were performed on thursday around 3 pm amid heavy police deployment.
farmer suicide has been a thorny issue in maharashtra and this year, till may end, vidharbha and marathwada regions have seen around 740 such incidences.
in recent years, the fadnavis government has been facing criticisms for the suicides and for its failure to address the agrarian crisis brewing in the state.
the farmers strike found the government cornered and trying to defend itself against allegations that it was orchestrating a move to break up the bandh.
b'an applicant exits the chief ministers relief fund cell in mantralaya, mumbai.
(express photo/ganesh shirsekar ) an applicant exits the chief ministers relief fund cell in mantralaya, mumbai.
(express photo/ganesh shirsekar )a male patients diagnosis of prostate cancer conducted by a gynaecologist, an application seeking rs 1 lakh submitted by a proxy unknown to the patient, and a doctor admitting that he was under pressure to give an inflated estimate.
an investigation by the indian express, based on documents accessed under the right to information (rti) act, has found how healthcare providers in maharashtra obtained funds from the chief ministers relief fund (cmrf), a popular and well-intentioned scheme to help the poor meet their medical expenses, by fudging records and inflating costs.
on monday, the indian express reported on how cash was deposited from the charity fund last june for the treatment of a patient who had died 21 days ago and dubious certificates were used to claim benefits in other cases.
reacting to these findings, chief minister devendrafadnavis promised strict action against those fraudulently claiming benefits.
the rti documents show several instances of regulatory lapses, including the case of raghunath gade, a 58-year-old man from gadewadi in beed, who was sanctioned rs 1 lakh for prostate cancer treatment.
but the diagnosis was conducted by dr asha hodage, a gynaecologist at the hake hospital, an infertility and laparoscopy centre, which provided an estimate of rs 3 lakh for a surgery, records show.
read | dead get cash, bills are fudged: maharashtra financial assistance scheme for poor is ailingaccording to documents, the application was certified by the medical superintendent of the state-run st george hospital in mumbai, following which the money was deposited in the hospitals official bank account.
the phone number listed in the application form for gade turned out to be wrong.
when contacted, dr asha hake, owner of hake hospital, directed all queries to the chief ministers office (cmo) and refused to provide further details.
the rti records also show that the cmo cleared payments of rs 2.
63 crore for 294 cases of stem-cell treatment for three years from november 2014.
on september 26, 2017, an official scrutiny committee pointed out that medical ethics were not adhered to in several cases.
on november 17, it noted that the indian council of medical research (icmr) had termed the use of stem cells in patients outside an approved clinical trial as a malpractice  the cmo later discontinued the grant of funds under this category.
the maharashtra state secretariat in mumbai.
(express photo: ganesh shirsekar) the maharashtra state secretariat in mumbai.
(express photo: ganesh shirsekar)the records, moreover, reveal the vast difference between estimates and actual cost of treatment in many cases for which funds were obtained under the cmrf.
when contacted, senior officials confirmed that while the centre and state have issued an exhaustive rate list for medical procedures under government-funded schemes, it wasnt considered for approvals under cmrf, which is managed by a trust.
consider this official noting in the case of pune resident balu hirnawale: diabetic?
but mla requested to give some help.
submitted to the cmo on june 17, 2017, the application seeking funds to treating a diabetic foot infection at the deshmukh nursing home in pune was recommended by rashtriya samaj paksha (rsp) mla rahul kul, show documents.
the application included a treatment estimate from the nursing home of rs 2 lakh, which was endorsed by the medical superintendent of state-run sassoon hospital.
a certificate from dr asha hogade, a gynaecologist at an infertility clinic in beed, states that prostate cancer patient raghunath gade is under her care.
a certificate from dr asha hogade, a gynaecologist at an infertility clinic in beed, states that prostate cancer patient raghunath gade is under her care.
when contacted, dr manisha deshmukh, who owns the nursing home, said the final bill had come up to only rs 39,000, and that the cmo had sanctioned rs 40,000 under cmrf.
at one point, we felt his leg would have to be amputated.
but his wound healed after multiple procedures, said deshmukh.
under pressure to inflate estimatesin another case, responding to the findings of this investigation, a doctor confirmed on record that he was under pressure to inflate cost estimates.
records show that aashirwad hospital in badlapur submitted an estimate of rs 1.
1 lakh under the scheme for an implant removal procedure to be conducted on a patient identified as suryakant mhaskar.
the application was accepted by the cmo, which deposited rs 50,000 in the hospitals account, records show.
when contacted, dr vilas dongre of aashirwad hospital confirmed that the final bill was for rs 36,000.
i was under some pressure to give an inflated estimate, he claimed, adding that the remaining rs 14,000 was handed over to the patient.
when it was pointed out that unutilised funds under cmrf had to be returned to the cmo under rules, dongre said, i wasnt aware of the norm.
when contacted, the patient, mhaskar, claimed: i used the money to procure medicines.
highlighting the lack of adequate safeguards, records show that mhaskars application was filled up by walter rodriquez, a resident of kurla in mumbai, who admitted that he did not know the patient.
a friend in mantralaya asked me to sign on the application, which i did, said rodriquez, who claimed to be a social worker.
on june 26, 2017, the cmo received an application from satara resident tukaram solavande, with an estimate of rs 3.
5 lakh from vitthal hospital in pune for a craniotomy.
on june 22, bhanudas madane, also from satara, submitted an estimate from the hospital of rs 3.
8 lakh for a similar procedure.
when contacted, dr yuvraj ghatule, partner, vitthal hospital, confirmed that the actual cost was only rs 1.
46 lakh in the first case, and rs 1.
65 lakh in the second.
the cmo finally sanctioned rs 1 lakh each in both cases.
however, records also show that in both cases, the hospitals estimate was submitted on undated letterheads with the same phone number provided for both patients  the number turned out to be incorrect.
there is often a lot of pressure from the patients relatives to quote higher estimates.
on humanitarian grounds, we sometimes agree to hike estimates by rs 20,000-rs 30,000, said ghatule.
the cases of inflated costs include that of sanjay jadhav, a professional wrestler from kolhapur who injured his left knee during a match in january 2016.
he approached sportsmed mumbai pvt ltd (smpl) for a knee reconstruction surgery, which provided an estimate of rs 3-3.
2 lakh in the cmrf application.
when contacted, dr anant joshi, director, smpl, confirmed that the procedure had cost rs 1.
01 lakh.
the doctor who treated him is not associated with us anymore.
in a multiligamentous injury, it sometimes becomes difficult to estimate the right cost but normally the deviation isnt as high as 200 per cent, said joshi.
speaking to the indian express, praveen pardeshi, additional chief secretary to the chief minister, said that a standard format for submitting treatment estimates and granting approvals has now been introduced.
the move followed recommendations by the cmrf scrutiny committee, which was set up by fadnavis on september 7, 2017.
between november 1, 2014 and september 30, 2017, rti records show that nearly rs 237 crore was granted from the cmrf for medical expenses of poor patients in 23,267 cases.
b'the government has confirmed that ahmedabad, and not delhi or mumbai, is its pick.
(express archive) the government has confirmed that ahmedabad, and not delhi or mumbai, is its pick.
(express archive)in a surprise move, the government has decided to nominate ahmedabad for the unesco world heritage city tag this year.
january 30 is the last date for countries to send their nominations to unesco for the title, results of which will be announced in june 2017, and the government has confirmed that ahmedabad, and not delhi or mumbai, is its pick.
culture minister mahesh sharma said, while delhis proposal has been stuck with the urban development ministry since last year, mumbais proposal was not very strong.
so we have decided to nominate ahmedabad, which has a clear-cut proposal.
just a few days ago, the delhi government had written to the culture ministry to resend delhis nomination, which was abruptly put on hold last year.
on the other hand, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis and actor amitabh bachchan wrote to sharma and pm narendra modi, respectively, to push for mumbai this time.
incidentally, bachchan is also the ambassador for gujarat tourism.
conservation architect abha narain lambah, who was involved in preparing mumbais dossier, says, mumbai is the perfect example of a world-class city which has safeguarded its heritage value despite modernisation.
our dossier highlighted the blend of two centuries of architectural genres around the 22-acre oval maidan  the 19th century neo-gothic buildings and 20th century art deco buildings of marine drive.
the culture ministry is supposed to officially endorse a nomination before it can be sent to unesco.
the final call on ahmedabad was taken late thursday evening, citing loopholes in mumbais dossier.
a senior official from the ministry says, we would have endorsed mumbai but bmc had written to us, asking to exclude victoria terminus from the dossier.
such a move would have spoilt mumbais chances as the said building is an iconic landmark in mumbais consciousness.
lambah refuted the contention.
victoria terminus was never part of the dossier.
from the beginning, we were quite clear as to what exactly we wanted to include in the proposal since once the heritage tag is granted, it puts certain restrictions on redevelopment ahmedabads nomination must have been prompted by other reasons.
there are over 250 world heritage cities across the globe, but india  despite its long history and numerous heritage sites has no unesco-recognised world heritage city.
ahmedabad, delhi and mumbai have made it to unescos tentative list, considered the first step before a detailed dossier for nomination can be submitted.
the unesco tag adds immense brand value to the city and adds significantly to tourism footfall.
the gujarat capital, said to be inhabited since the 11th century, has 36 asi-protected structures, hundreds of pols that capture the essence of community living and a heritage cell to implement a revitalisation programme for historic sites.
once petrol and diesel are brought under the ambit of gst, its threshold will change, because right now, taxes upon taxes are levied which increases rates.
gst will ensure a single tax,, said fadnavis (express file photo) once petrol and diesel are brought under the ambit of gst, its threshold will change, because right now, taxes upon taxes are levied which increases rates.
gst will ensure a single tax,, said fadnavis (express file photo)amid a nationwide outrage over rising fuel prices, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday pitched for bringing petrol and diesel under the purview of gst, saying it would ensure reduction of rates.
a task force is already working on reducing the fuel prices.
if it (petrol and diesel) can be brought under gst, rates will come down, he told reporters here.
he said maharashtra has already given its consent for bringing petrol and diesel under the purview of gst which was rolled out on july 1 last year but other states have not given their consent yet.
fadnavis comment came amidst rising prices of petrol and diesel over which the opposition has been targeting the narendra modi government.
talks are going on with finance ministers of all states, fadnavis said, adding, once petrol and diesel are brought under the ambit of gst, its threshold will change, because right now, taxes upon taxes are levied which increases rates.
gst will ensure a single tax.
noting that petrol and diesel prices are defined by international crude oil rates, the chief minister said the gst council will also have to look into aspects like revenue losses before taking a decision.
petrol costs rs 77.
47 a litre in delhi and diesel rs 68.
53.
petrol and diesel prices were raised for the 11th day in succession today as the state-owned oil firms gradually passed on to the consumer the increased cost of international oil that had accumulated since a 19-day freeze was imposed just before karnataka elections.
since the time the hiatus ended on may 14, rates have gone up by rs 2.
84 a litre in case of petrol and rs 2.
60 in diesel.
the centre had in june last year junked the 15-year old practice of revising rates every fortnight and introduced daily revisions.
the central government levies rs 19.
48 excise duty on a litre of petrol and rs 15.
33 on diesel.
state sales tax or vat varies from state to state.
unlike excise duty, vat is ad valorem and results in higher revenues for the state when rates move up.
meanwhile, praising prime minister narendra modi, fadnavis said the centre has stood behind his state government like himalayas and all stalled projects were given clearance under modis rule.
unprecedented funds have been given by the centre to mitigate drought problems, for irrigation purposes, to build roads.
the centre has given maharashtra in last four years what was not given in the last 20 years, he claimed.
b'it will be at least another two months before the fate of the sikorsky helicopter that crash-landed in latur last week with chief minister devendrafadnavis onboard can be decided.
officials said a detailed report regarding the condition of the chopper, which was brought to a juhu hangar on wednesday, will be submitted to the ministry of civil aviation following which a decision on its fate can be taken.
the chopper has suffered substantial damage.
officials confirmed its blades were broken and there were dents on the choppers front side.
the choppers wheels got entangled in high-tension wires.
the pilot showed presence of mind by folding in the balancing stand of the chopper, staving off another disaster, said a senior aviation official.
the chopper is now in the juhu airport hangar of the maharashtra government.
a detailed study of its avionics will be done, said a senior dgca official.
a three-member team of the aviation accidents investigation board (aaib) conducted an initial survey of the accident site.
evidence from the accident site, including parts of the chopper, were collected and witness accounts recorded.
the team has past experience of dealing with accident cases involving aircraft.
we have followed procedure while collecting evidence from the site.
we have also sealed the records of the chopper with respect to its cost, maintenance details and each activity done on the same before put to use.
accounts of witnesses, crew involved in the flight and officials involved with the upkeep of the chopper are also taken, said b s rai, deputy director of aaib.
officials from aaib said no fixed time-frame can be offered right now for the submission of their report.
bjp workers celebrate at andheri sports complex on thursday.
(source: santosh parab) bjp workers celebrate at andheri sports complex on thursday.
(source: santosh parab)the bmc polls have turned out to be one of narrow margins for many candidates across party lines.
in one instance there was even a tie, which was decided by a draw of lots.
bjp candidate atul shah and shiv sena candidate surendra bagalkar, who were contesting from ward 220 which includes mumbadevi, were tied with 5,946 votes each.
shah was declared the winner after a lottery was drawn.
watch video | a quick look at final tally of bmc election & pmc election results 2017while shah is a former legislator, bagalkar has been a corporator earlier and is a senior sena leader.
elated with the verdict, shah said, it is by the grace of almighty that the decision was in my favour and i am happy to have won, he said.
shah said he had contested since chief minister devendrafadnavis had advised him to do so.
the chief minister has a vision of implementing many micro-projects in our area including cluster development since vertical structures are not conducive to habitation.
i have an action plan ready for my ward, he said.
the president of bjps mumbai unit and mla ashish shelar took to social media to point out that at least four of the partys candidates had lost by less than 100 votes.
watch | nitin gadkari congratulates maharashtra cm, kirit somaiya says mumbai chose developmentthe candidates include kamla raj purohit who lost in ward 4 in magathane only by 17 votes to sena candidate sujatha patekar who secured a total of 11,078 votes.
similarly, santosh kelkar lost to congress candidate jagdish amin in ward 82 (vile parle) by 40 votes while jaisal kothari lost to sena candidate amey ghole in ward 178 (wadala) by 84 votes.
mahesh parkar lost to sena candidate vishwanath mahadeshwar in ward 87 by 34 votes.
in other parties, sitting sena corporator and leader of the house trushna vishwasrao lost to congress candidate mufti vanu in ward 179 (antop hill) by merely 60 votes.
similarly, mns candidate jayant dandekar lost by 226 votes to sena candidate upendra sawant in ward 118 (vikhroli).
on the other end of the spectrum, there were candidates who won by a large margin.
for instance, bjp candidate pravin shah who contested from ward 15 (borivali), defeated sena candidate paresh soni by 19,580 votes.
in another case, waqrunnisa ansari who is a sitting corporator and joined mim from the congress last month, came third in ward 223 and lost by 3,097 votes to sitting congress corporator dnyanraj nikams daughter nikita nikam who secured 8,634 votes.
talking about transformation of bhiwandi, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said a rs 1,000 crore multi-pronged development model would give the township a new identity.
describing bhiwandi as mini-india, he said: the state has evolved a new development model for the town factoring its strength in core sectors like textile and chain of cold storages of world class standards.
addressing a public rally for the bhiwandi municipal corporation, he said: the projects underway will generate employment for four to five lakh people uplifting the face of the township.
civic elections in bhiwandi are scheduled for may 24.
in the 2012 polls, the congress had emerged as the largest party winning 26 seats.
earlier, tamil nadu farmers protest at jantar mantar in new delhi captured the nations attention, before being suspended on april 23 earlier, tamil nadu farmers protest at jantar mantar in new delhi captured the nations attention, before being suspended on april 23tamil nadu farmers, within months after suspending their protests in delhi, started their agitation on friday in chennai, demanding crop loss compensation and loan waiver.
on saturday, after being assured by the state government that their demands will be met in two months, they called off the protest.
they suspended the protest after issuing a two-month deadline to the tamil nadu government to fulfill their demands.
the protest led by p ayyakannu began close on the heels of the farmers protest in states such as madhya pradesh and maharashtra.
on friday, they launched the protest after paying homage to the farmers killed in police firing in madhya pradesh.
accusing the state leadership of not expediting the process of disbursing drought relief, p ayyakannu had said the protest would continue for the next 32 days.
earlier, tamil nadu farmers protest at jantar mantar in new delhi captured the nations attention, before being suspended on april 23 after tamil nadu chief minister edappadi palaniswami promised to meet their demands as early as possible.
meanwhile, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has formed a high-powered committee of senior ministers to end the ongoing unrest in the state.
in madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan started his indefinite fast in bhopal saying he would be available at the dussehra maidan for the next few days, for meetings with the stakeholders.
chief minister devendrafadnavis is expected to inaugurate the restored central hall of the asiatic society library, horniman circle, on sunday.
the library is one of the oldest public libraries in the country.
its restoration work was taken up in two phases since 2009, with phase-ii focusing on the central hall.
(file) chief minister devendrafadnavis is expected to inaugurate the restored central hall of the asiatic society library, horniman circle, on sunday.
the library is one of the oldest public libraries in the country.
its restoration work was taken up in two phases since 2009, with phase-ii focusing on the central hall.
(file)the focus on development at the heart of the poll campaign and outreach to non-political voters helped the bjp reap rich dividends in the bmc polls, according to some of the strategists who were part of the team in the partys war room.
the bjp ran an aggressive election campaign in the past few months, which helped the party boost its tally to 82 seats from 31 in 2012.
after the two-decade-old alliance between the bjp and the shiv sena was called off in january, the bjp fielded 195 candidates, leaving 32 for its allies, while the sena nominated candidates in all 227 wards.
the results of the civic polls show that the bjp managed to secure a large chunk of its seats in the western and eastern suburbs.
shweta shalini, who headed the bjps war room, said that the party had a strong strategy to keep the message of development as the focus of the campaign.
in the indian sensibility, idols make sense to people and during the elections, we created ram in the form of the chief minister and conceptualised a developmental model.
we focused on projects such as wifi and mumbai metro, among other issues, she said.
according to shalini, unlike the concept of a centralised war room in past elections, this time the bjp mobilised its forces, which helped to expand the campaigns reach.
elections are like a festival in politics and the ideal scenario is when the voter becomes a party worker.
through innovative measures like the 3d hologram of the chief minister, we were able to directly engage with people and since it worked out well, we are planning to keep the application running, so that fadnavis can continue speaking to the people, she said.
praful nikam, the partys data mining expert who did a large part of the data analysis and had come up with new strategies, said he was a little surprised at the accuracy of their prediction.
about three months ago, we had predicted that we would win between 80-85 seats and now, after looking at the ground reality, most of the predictions that we had made about individual seats have turned out to be true.
our calculation was always to expand in the suburban parts of the city, he said.
keeping the focus on non-political voters and maintaining a positive undertone in the campaign helped the bjp connect with voters, he said.
the trends we have observed since the 2007 elections indicate that the number of non-political voters are increasing and this time, the voter turnout was proof of that.
a political fight doesnt appeal to the non-political voters and the promises of transparency connected with the masses well.
another thing that really worked for us was that we defined our own strategy and we were able to stick to it without getting diverted by opposition parties, said nikam.
devang dave, who headed the bjps social media team, said that keeping the element of humour in their rebuttals attracted a lot of people who were not politically inclined.
referring to the cartoons of khau sena, he said, we were able to keep the opposition engaged in a social media war.
the sena spoke on limited topics, while we were able to raise questions over accountability, addressing the problems people were facing.
our reaction to senas statements would be more sarcastic and humorous, like the cartoon and the videos, and became viral in no time.
dave said that having the cm as the voice of the campaign lent more credibility.
chief minister devendra fadnavis.
chief minister devendra fadnavis.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis will hold a fundraising session in mantra-laya on thursday to attract corporate social responsibility (csr) funds for the governments flagship model village scheme.
at least 60 top business leaders from the country have agreed to participate in the initiative, government sources said.
some celebrities from the film fraternity are also expected at the event.
a senior official said that the effort was to rejuvenate the plan to transform villages into model rural neighbourhoods with more funding support.
the state government has reportedly identified a total of 1,000 drought-prone villages mainly located in the vidarbha and marathwada belts where it plans to undertake special projects to transform these into model villages.
a special mission will be launched to achieve this.
the meeting on thursday would be a high-level consultation event aimed at involving the corporate sector in the initiative, said a senior official.
with the debt mounting on the public exchequer, the government is banking on corporate funding to help take this initiative forward.
jalyukta shivar, another flagship scheme of the bjp government, had earlier received support from the corporate sector.
bmc election results 2017: shiv sena activists celebrate over the results of bmc election results in front of sena bhavan in mumbai on thursday (pti photo by santosh hirlekar) bmc election results 2017: shiv sena activists celebrate over the results of bmc election results in front of sena bhavan in mumbai on thursday (pti photo by santosh hirlekar)the shiv sena on thursday emerged as the single largest party in the cash-rich bmc winning 84 seats, closely trailed by bjp which bagged 82 seats in a total of 227 seats.
congress received a huge setback as it was relegated to the third position with 31 seats, followed by ncp with 9, mns with 7, aimim with 3, samajwadi party with 6, akhil bharatiya sena with 1 and others with 4.
watch video | a quick look at final tally of bmc election & pmc election results 2017this keenly-contested election also witnessed bjps atul shah getting elected through a lottery.
shah contested from ward number 220 in girgaum, a shiv sena stronghold.
he and his rival surendra bagalkar of shiv sena won the same number of votes: 5,496.
after holding a recount thrice in the presence of candidates, bmc commissioner ajoy mehta had to rush to the counting centre in mumbai central area as the tally didnt change.
devendra fadnavis waiving to supporters after bjps brilliant show in bmc polls.
(express photo)bjps victory was more significant as the party said it could wrest control of the civic body with the support of independents.
but it is not yet clear whether the saffron allies, who share power both in maharashtra and at the centre, will get back together or new combinations will emerge.
the shiv sena has controlled the bmc for the last two decades with the bjp remaining a junior partner.
but senas game plan to go alone in its bastion appeared to have failed to pay off.
read: uddhav thackeray: not just mumbai mayor, maharashtra next chief minister will be from shiv senacelebrations soon played out outside bjps dadar office as party workers eagerly welcomed maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis who addressed a press conference soon after.
the chief minister said bjps victory resulted from a vote for transparency and demonetisation.
a visibly ecstatic fadnavis said the partys core committee will decide the future course of action in brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc).
shiv sena candidate sujata sanap winner bmc election at colaba express photo by-ganesh shirsekar 23/02/2017 shiv sena candidate sujata sanap winner bmc election at colaba express photo by-ganesh shirsekar 23/02/2017i thank people of maharashtra, its an unprecedented victory.
this is a vote for transparency, fadnavis told the press conference, adding all decisions for the party are taken by its core committee.
whether or not to go for an alliance will be decided when i, (maharashtra bjp president) raosaheb danve, (mumbai bjp chief) ashish shelar sit and look at the prevailing situation.
the chief minister also rallied support for the centres demonetisation move in his speech when he said, the results are an ample indication that people have accepted prime minister narendra modis note ban move and the state governments transparency plank.
read: devendrafadnavis on bmc poll results: bjps huge victory a mandate for transparencya shiv sena supporter celebrates after bmc elections in mumbai.
a shiv sena supporter celebrates after bmc elections in mumbai.
fadnavis said the bmc results and other municipal corporations has made the bjp more humble and that they would concentrate on good governance.
this is a victory of demonetisation.
the move was to end corruption and weed out black money.
the results have proven people have faith in modi jis governance, he said.
as per the results, bjp is also set to gain control of at least six civic bodies  pune, nashik, ulhasnagar, akola, nagpur and amravati  out of the 10 corporations for which the elections were held on tuesday.
the bjp also appeared to have expanded its base in pimpri chinchwad, despite fierce competition from the ncp.
read: great start to 2017: pm modi on bjps astounding win in maharashtra civic pollshalfway between polling, congress state chief sanjay nirupam offered to resign following partys bad performance.
in a statement to news agency ani, nirupam said some big leaders within party deliberately made statements on partys work and me.
this result is outcome of their anti party campaigns, he said.
bjps pankaja munde also offered to resign after the party lost 8 out of 10 seats in parli, her constituency.
but during the press conference, fadnavis said he wont accept pankajas resignation.
in election it happens that we loose and win, he added.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis arriving at bjp office, dadar after bmc election results on thursday.
express photo by nirmal harindran.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis arriving at bjp office, dadar after bmc election results on thursday.
express photo by nirmal harindran.
along with the congress, the ncp took a drubbing too as its leader supriya sule said after the results that the party lost three municipal corporations and a zilla parishad to the bjp.
it is definitely a setback and we need to introspect and rebuild our party, she said.
shiv sainiks celebrating in front of sena bhavan in dadar on thursday.
express photo by nirmal harindran shiv sainiks celebrating in front of sena bhavan in dadar on thursday.
express photo by nirmal harindranin the meantime, high on confidence after shiv senas massive show in the polls, party chief uddhav thackeray said that not just mumbai mayor but the next chief minister of maharashtra will also be from shiv sena.
thackeray, however, didnt speak anything about the post-poll alliance.
when asked about the future course of action, thackeray said, what is the hurry?
wait for some time.
we have not yet decided if an alliance has to be made or not.
we will do so soon.
noting that the overwhelming blessings in maharashtra came after odisha, prime minister narendra modi thanked each and every indian for continuously placing their faith in bjp and said we are working determinately to create a strong and inclusive india.
in a series of tweets, pm modi praised bjp workers, particularly maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and state party president raosaheb danve patil, for tirelessly working for the people.
shiv sainiks celebrating in front of sena bhavan in dadar on thursday.
express photo by nirmal harindran.
shiv sainiks celebrating in front of sena bhavan in dadar on thursday.
express photo by nirmal harindran.
meanwhile, the bjp made big gains in nine other civic bodies elections in maharashtra.
in the pune municipal corporation elections, the bharatiya janata party triumphed over its erstwhile rival nationalist congress party by tripling its seat-share from the previous polls in 2012.
the bjp, however, fell short of four seats from achieving a full majority as it notched up victories in 77 seats  up from its previous tally of 26.
the ncp got 44, shiv sena 10, congress 16 and mns six.
city guardian minister and bjp leader girish bapat credited the bjp-led governments at the centre and state for its grand showing in pune.
he claimed pune residents rejected the ncp and congress because of their laggard attitude towards the key civic issues.
the credit for the win goes to the good governance and decision making shown by state and centre governments, hardwork by party workers and terrible governance of pmc by congress and ncp in last 15 years.
puneites knew that it wasnt just sloganeering.
the metro project wasnt only cleared but a huge budgetary allocation too was made, bapat said.
kamlesh yadav bjp candidate winner on thursday express photo by dilip kagda kamlesh yadav bjp candidate winner on thursday express photo by dilip kagdathe polling contest was quite close in pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation.
the bjp propelled ahead with 58 seats, while the ruling ncp got 29 seats in the 128-member house.
in thane municipal corporation polls, shiv sena retained control over the 131-member house with 60 seats, the ncp bagged 31 and the bjp got 21.
in 78-seat ulhasnagar, the bjp received 32 seats and shiv sena 25.
the ncp got four, congress received one and independents and others got 16.
bjp took away nagpur as well bagging 91 of the civic bodys 151 seats.
the congress received 23, and the ncp bagged one seat.
in nashik, the bjp appeared on way to controlling the civic body, winning 55 seats out of 112 seats.
the shiv sena got 35 seats, while the ruling maharashtra navnirman sena was relegated to just three.
the congress and ncp fared better than mns with six and five seats respectively.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis in bjp office, dadar after bmc election results on thursday.
express photo by nirmal harindran maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis in bjp office, dadar after bmc election results on thursday.
express photo by nirmal harindranin nashik, bjp seems to be on its way to control the civic body, winning 55 seats out of 112 seats.
sena bagged 35 seats, while the maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) was relegated to just three.
the congress and ncp got six and five seats respectively.
neet 2016: the combined result of sit after a direct intervention from chief minister devendrafadnavis to probe into the cases of dummy candidates including many in pune.
(reopresentational) neet 2016: the combined result of sit after a direct intervention from chief minister devendrafadnavis to probe into the cases of dummy candidates including many in pune.
(reopresentational)continuing the arrests in the statewide dummy candidate racket, the maharashtra criminal investigation department (cid) has arrested eight serving government officials who have been allegedly recruited through the racket.
the cid has till now verified the identities of 49 such in-service officials across the state, who have got government jobs after dummy candidates appeared for them in the exams.
as many as 15 such officers were arrested in the first week of march.
a special investigation team (sit) of the cid is currently probing the statewide scam and has arrested 10 persons who ran the racket, including the kingpin prabodh rathod, a dismissed government employee from nanded and some impersonators, including two then serving police officers of assistant inspector rank, a cid handwriting expert and a cop who was part of the initial probe of the racket.
the sit has filed three chargesheets in the case and is likely to make more arrests of serving government officials in coming days.
shankar kengar, superintendent of police with the cid, who is heading the sit said that eight more government officials have been arrested.
those arrested were produced before the court in kinwat in nanded district where the offence is registered and have been remanded to police custody.
the arrested officials have been identified as anil jadhav (36), senior clerk with integrated tribal development project in nashik, dhanraj rathod (40), junior land revenue official in akole in ahmednagar, laxman chavan (30) serving at the scheduled caste boys school at jintur in parbhani, swapnil pawar (33) and sunil bansod (29), both serving as civil engineering assistant with panchayat samiti at ardhapur in nanded district, kunal rathod (32) posted at fisheries department wing in the state secretariat in mumbai, chandan rathod (38), canal inspector with irrigation department in kinwat in nanded, shiv prasad dumne (24) from nanded.
the indian express had earlier reported that a large number of documents which contained handwritings and signatures of the dummy candidates and actual candidates were sent to three central forensic laboratories in pune, hyderabad and ahmedabad for analysis.
sources have however told this paper that though sit has ascertained the identities of all the 49 serving officials, original documents pertaining to respective examinations of seven to eight of them have not yet been found.
a 28-year old political science graduate yogesh jadhav from nanded, who is preparing for civil services examinations, had first unearthed the series of impersonation cases between 2010 and 2016, by filing several right to information (rti) applications, which led to the statewide probe by the cid.
jadhav had started digging into the cases when he came to know that several persons from his region had sold or mortgaged their ancestral land or houses to pay a middleman for their selection into government jobs for positions.
the total number of arrests made by the sit now stands at 33 including 10 racketeers and 23 officials selected through the scam.
however, the total number instances in which dummy candidates are suspected to have appeared for exams in that period is close to 700, according to a primary estimate of the investigators.
the chargesheets filed by the sit, reveal how racketeers bribed anti corruption bureau (acb) officials to avoid inquiry and even went on to bribe cid handwriting experts to mislead the probe even after the police investigations began into the racket.
in april last year, the state government had formed the sit after a direct intervention from chief minister devendrafadnavis to probe into the cases of dummy candidates including many in pune.
several recruitments in departments like police, social welfare, government secretariat, agriculture and women and child development, are now under sit scanner.
behind each selected candidates, the racketeers were paid anywhere between rs 5-10 lakh.
when contacted, jadhav said, these are developments in positive directions.
i hope remaining arrests of the serving officials happen soon.
what is worrying is the fact that some offshoots of this rackets are still surfacing and that too as latest as february this year.
cases that have been registered recently need to be brought in under sit purview for a holistic probe.
also, the question still remains that whether the government agencies have learnt from these cases.
some reforms are being brought in but the systems are far away from what is needed to prevent malpractices.
in a bid to revive the real estate sector, the bmc on tuesday reduced the interest rates on instalments of payment for various building permissions.
the civic bodys attempt is expected to boost the slowdown in the construction industry.
advertisingthe interest rates on instalment of payments for grant of iod (intimation of disapproval) or cc (commence certificate) for various fees, charges and premiums have been reduced to 8.
5 per cent from 12 per cent.
besides, in case of default in the payment of the instalment with interest on due date, the interest rates will be reduced from 18 per cent per annum to 10 per cent per annum for the first six months from the scheduled date.
for the next six months, it will be 12 per cent.
the decision was taken following a recent meeting between chief minister devendrafadnavis , union minister hardip singh puri, bmc chief praveen pardeshi and representatives of naredco, mchi and peata.
when contacted, pardeshi said, the move will help homebuyers, as the builders can pay instalment with less interest rates and sell flats at lower costs.
we are assuming that revenue will increase and incomplete projects will get boost.
advertisingnayan shah of mchi hailed the move.
this will definitely bring some relief to homebuyers.
incomplete and pending projects will get momentum.
according to officials of the bmcs development plan department, following demand from builders, the civic body had in 2017 started accepting instalments from developers in order to clear various payments related to building permissions.
for buildings up to 70 metres in height, a builder would be allowed make payments in three instalments.
beyond 70 m, a developer can avail four instalments.
b'ncp chief sharad pawar and party leader chhagan bhujbal in pune on sunday.
(express photo by pavan khengre) ncp chief sharad pawar and party leader chhagan bhujbal in pune on sunday.
(express photo by pavan khengre)raising the issue of the electronic voting machines (evms) controversy, ncp chief sharad pawar on sunday said all opposition parties are going to demand for the use of ballot papers in the lok sabha and assembly elections.
the election commission officials have reportedly commented that the opposition has been raising doubts over the use of evms during elections after the loss of candidates.
however, the ncp won the recently-held bypoll for the bhandara-gondia lok sabha seat but raised concerns over evms at 64 booths that faced problems on the polling day, which the election office has admitted, pawar said at the foundation day programme of the ncp in the city, which also marked the conclusion of the halla bol rally in western maharashtra.
all opposition parties are going to request the election commission to not use evms in the next elections.
but will demand the old ballot paper system, he added.
the ncp chief said the graph of the bjp is coming down and the countrys mood is indicated by the recent bypoll results, including that of the bhandara-gondia lok sabha seat.
the bjp won the palghar seat because of division of votes among candidates of other political parties, he said.
everyone in the country now needs change.
the situation might be different in every state with dominance of regional parties.
all are now having a mindset to come together and take on the bjp, pawar said.
the ncp chief said the process of bringing like-minded people together for contesting the election has been completed and party workers should implement it on the ground as a change in rule is required both in central and state government.
the bjp has cheated the public by making false promises, he said, adding that the state government has failed to implement the loan waiver decision effectively as it does not have a good intention.
the demonetisation decision saw the poor in the country suffer but it is reported that the exchange of old notes is still taking place in nepal.
the price rise is at its peak and the petroleum prices have been increasing rapidly.
but a small decrease in the rate is publicised.
pawar also took a dig at the bjp-led government for trying to seek sympathy for prime minister narendra modi by floating information of threat to his life from the naxals.
i discussed the issue with a retired intelligence officer who said there is no substance in such claims.
according to the officer, the government does not publicise the threat to the prime minister but passes it on to the intelligence department for future action.
thus, it raisesdoubts over the government as it seems to be seeking sympathy for the prime minister as it has nothing to talk good about, he said.
the ncp chief said the government recently arrested the organisers of elgar parishad and raised allegations about their connections with the naxals and inciting violence in koregaon bhima.
everyone knows who were behind the riots in koregaon bhima.
those having no relation with the riots have been arrested.
this is misuse of power, pawar said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis issued a statement to condemn pawars speech.
it is unfortunate that sharad pawarji is raising doubts about the communication seized by the police which reveals the plot to assassin pm.
pawars speech is unexpected and he should not have stooped so low.
(source: file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis told the legislature on wednesday that the ambedkar bhavan that also housed a press owned by dr b r ambedkar, will be restored by month end.
the announcement came a day after ambedkars grandson prakash ambedkar and his bharatiya republican party bahujan mahasangh, carried out a rally and brought south mumbai to a standstill.
over 20,000 protesters jammed arterial roads.
hours after parts of the building were demolished in the wee hours of june 25, prakash and his brother anandraj ambedkar led protests.
two separate police complaints were filed against members of the peoples improvement trust (pit) behind the plan to build a 17-storey tower at the site.
the shiv sena also threw its weight behind the protesters.
prakash ambedkar, grandson of babasaheb and president of the bharatiya republican party, said the issue is not only about history and heritage but also of freedom of speech.
babasaheb wanted this space to be open for activists and we are maintaining that.
the trust wants to destroy it, which we will never allow, prakash told the indian express.
the trust was started by ambedkar.
watch video: whats making newsthe trusts records show that on march 19, 1938, dr babasaheb ambedkar set up a building fund to develop a public hall for the community.
on july 29, 1944, he named this initiative the bombay scheduled caste improvement trust (changed to pit in 2004) and started collecting funds.
babasaheb, in an appeal for funds in 1944, stated that he planned to build a social centre at an estimated cost of rs 3.
25 lakh.
according to records with the pit, babasaheb collected rs 45,095.
a 2332 sq yard plot was purchased at gokuldas pasta road, naigaon in dadar (e), in 1944 for rs 36,535.
ambedkar set up a temporary office on the plot, which later became the centre of most of his activities.
a printing press he operated had been burnt down during riots between 1935 and 1937.
in 1944, having set up the office on gokuldas pasta road, he shifted his press here and began to pay a monthly rent of rs 50 to the trust for using the premises.
from here, he brought out magazines such as prabuddha bharat, janata and a few editions of bahishkrit bharat.
prabuddha bharat was printed regularly till 1960 and then intermittently till as recently as 1995.
retired ias officer and current state information commissioner ratnakar gaikwad, a former trustee and now advisor to pit, told the indian express that they wanted to fulfill babasahebs dream of constructing a global centre for dalit activities.
the pits plan for a 17-storey building has an auditorium, a multi-purpose hall, skill development center, womens empowerment centre, dhamma and monks training centre, conference halls, etc.
family members of ambedkar and several ambedkarite groups termed the demolition a deliberate attack on the ambedkarite movement and a ploy to commercially exploit the land.
anandraj ambedkar, babasahebs grandson who lodged one of the firs against the trust, said the printing machinery used by dr babasaheb ambedkar was damaged in the demolition.
that should have been preserved, he said.
anandrajs fir with bhoiwada police is against eight persons, including gaikwad.
pit says ambedkar grandsons have no locus standi in the matter.
according to gaikwad, the ambedkar family has no role to play in the pit.
babasaheb, in one of his letters to his son, yashwant, wrote that press is public property.
he did not want any family member on the trust.
so, he paid rs 50 as rent to the trust for using the premises.
these people have been using the area as marriage hall and for meetings, as well as for political offices.
this was contrary to the vision of babasaheb, gaikwad claimed.
prakash rubbished the allegations saying gaikwad and others have been trying to capture the pit since 2000 by removing the original trustees.
in fact, the trustees were changed between may 2015 and may 2016.
according to prakash, though the change report (on the trustees names) was submitted to the charity commissioner, the original trustees filed a case against it.
the case is pending before the charity commissioner who is yet to give his decision.
we have no problem with the original trustees.
gaikwad, a trustee for two months, said the charity commissioner had not rejected the change report.
this means we can legally hold the office of the trustees and carry out our duties, he said.
prakash continued that the civic bodys granting of permissions to the building plan was also illegal.
the names of original trustees are on the property cards.
how can bmc give permission to them?
it is a big racket being run by the civic body and all involved should be given harsh punishment, prakash said.
in october last, the bmc sought a structural audit for the building.
in april 2016, it sought a fresh structural audit report and issued a notice to vacate and pull down the structure on june 1.
this move by the bmc will also be investigated following the chief ministers assurance on wednesday.
the shiv sena, sensing popular discontent with the governments inaction despite days of protest by ambedkarites, reached out to dalit leaders.
mlc neelam gorhe also visited the site.
ramdas athawale: union minster of state said since the building has been demolished, attempts should be made to come out with an amicable solution.
the ambedkar family should also be compensated by allotting adequate spaces.
we are not concerned about who the trustees are.
ambedkar bhavan should be constructed.
i will ask chief minister devendrafadnavis to call both groups for a meeting to resolve the issue, said athawale.
the railways land development authority (rlda ) will sign a memorandum of understanding (mou) with the dharavi redevelopment authority within a week for the lease of 45 acres of land as part of the mega redevelopment project in asias largest slum.
advertisingsenior railways officials told the indian express that it was not a sale and that the land would be given to dra on a 99-year lease, which would be extended by mutual understanding.
the officials, who did not wish to be identified, said initially, the plan was to transfer 97 acres, but under the agreement, the railways was parting with less than half of this.
meanwhile, housing experts and railway unions said the agreement would pave the way for private developers to make inroads into railway lands everywhere.
a dra official, who did not wish to be identified, said the railways would get rs 1,000 crore in the first phase, of which rs 800 crore would be given during the mou and rs 200 crore after six months.
advertisingthe agreement to hand over the land to dra was finalised at a meeting on sunday between maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , union railway minister piyush goyal, general managers of central and western railways and chairman of the railway board.
according to documents seen by the indian express, of the 45 acre plot, central railway owns 28.
56 acres in the dadar-matunga-sion area and the remaining 16.
56 acres, which is with western railway, is in the dadar-mahim area.
the chief public relations officer of the western railway said the mou was being finalised for signing between rlda and dra.
he said it was a lease agreement and not an outright sale.
western railway mazdoor sangh (wrms) said it was against the decision of giving railway land to private developers or leasing it for non-railway use.
union representatives are going to meet the western railway general manager over the issue.
if they still go ahead with their decision, we will plan protests such as rail roko, said ajay singh, president, wrms.
opposition congress and ncp on thursday slammed the bjp-led government in maharashtra legislative council for allocating funds to civic bodies to offset losses faced by traders and ignoring their farm loan waiver demand.
raising the issue soon after the house assembled for the day, anant gadgil (congress) wanted to know how could the government ignore the plight of farmers of maharashtra.
leader of opposition dhananjay munde drew the chairs attention to the unseasonal rains and hailstorms that lashed parts of marathwada on wednesday, damaging grams, sugarcane, grapes and other crops.
farmers already overburdened by debt burden have now been hit hard by unseasonal rains, munde said.
accusing the government of being indifferent towards the hardships faced by cultivators, munde said the bjp-led ruling coalition has done nothing to restructure farm loans after coming to power in october 2014.
the government did nothing to restructure farmers loans.
at the same time, it allocated rs 10,000 crore to municipal corporations to offset losses incurred by traders, the senior ncp legislator said.
munde said the government was keen to bail out traders but was ignoring farmers.
sharad ranpise (congress) lambasted sbi chairperson arundhati bhattacharya over her remarks on farm loan waivers.
bhattacharya yesterday expressed reservations over farm loan waiver schemes, saying such sops may disrupt credit discipline among borrowers.
what right does the sbi chief has to make such a statement?
the government has funds to bail out industrialists but has no money to help farmers, ranpise said.
replying to the debate, minister for cooperation chandrakant patil said a loan waiver would cost rs 30,000 crore to the government and a decision on the issue cant be taken on the spot.
patil said chief minister devendrafadnavis would be making a statement on the issue in the upper house, but this didnt happen.
as the opposition members raised slogans, chairman ramraje naik-nimbalkar adjourned the proceedings for 45 minutes.
when the house reassembled, the chair rushed through the business that included passage of supplementary demands on budget.
amid the uproar, the chairman adjourned the house for the day.
marathwada, home turf of former chief minister ashok chavan, saw the congress and nationalist congress party completely wiped out from the region, with the bharatiya janata party  shiv sena combine winning seven of the eight seats here.
advertisingin nanded, chavan was handed a shock defeat by bjps prataprao patil chikhalikar, the shiv sena mla from the loha assembly segment, by a margin of 42,299 votes.
the vanchit bahujan aghadi candidate in nanded, yashpal bhinge, polled over 1,61,000 votes.
the bjp has been strategising for long on how to defeat ashok chavan in nanded, said dr bhaskarrao khatgaonkar, a former congress mp and also ashok chavans brother-in-law.
now state vice-president of the bjp, he told the indian express: we actually still have a modi wave here, and chief minister devendrafadnavis has been working on defeating chavan for two years.
while chavan led the congress to a massive win in the nanded-waghala municipal corporation election in october 2017, the sena and the bjp had fought that election separately.
the alliance between the two, anti-incumbency and the vanchit bahujan aghadi candidates performance were all factors in chavans defeat, khatgaonkar said.
advertisingthe congress also lost in hingoli, where sitting mp rajeev satav had preferred not to contest.
congress candidate subhash wankhede, an import from the sena, lost to the senas hemant patil by over 2,37,000 votes.
the sena also suffered a major upset in the region, with veteran chandrakant khaire finishing second in aurangabad.
he was seeking a fifth term.
he was defeated by vanchit bahujan aghadi candidate imtiyaz jaleel by a slim margin of about 6,000 votes.
independent candidate and sena rebel harshvardhan jadhav, whose main plank was non-implementation of reservations for the maratha community, polled over 2,81,000 votes here.
aurangabad was the cradle of the maratha morcha movement and witnessed the worst rioting when a bandh called by protesting marathas turned violent in august 2018.
we knew the fracture of maratha votes in aurangabad was unlikely to be an en bloc support for the congress-ncp, and jadhav had tactically declared his support for modi even while campaigning against khaire, ganesh raut, a maratha activist and sena member in aurangabad, said.
an uneasy relationship between khaire and state bjp president raosaheb danve was also to be blamed, he said.
while prakash ambedkars vba played a significant role in the nanded and aurangabad upsets, it also polled a sizeable number of votes in other marathwada constituencies, indicating considerable support from dalit and muslim voters of the region.
in hingoli, the vba polled 15 per cent of votes, while the partys hyderabad-based muslim candidate polled 12 per cent of votes in sharply polarised parbhani.
the party polled almost 10 per cent of votes in latur and 8.
2 per cent in osmanabad.
osmanabad and parbhani, the two seats from which the nationalist congress party (ncp) had been very hopeful of victories, remained loyal to the sena, with omraje nimbalkar and sitting mp sanjay jadhav emerging victorious.
beed and jalna offered no surprises, with bjp mps dr pritam munde and state bjp president raosaheb danve retaining their seats.
munde won by a much smaller margin, of about 1,75,000 votes, compared to the record margin of 6,96,321 votes she posted in her october 2014 bypoll.
chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis plans to interact with thousands of youth from across the state on may 1, observed as maharashtra day, paving the way for greater peoples participation in governance under its transform maharashtra mission.
this maharashtra day, lets embark on a new journey.
together, lets act and work for vision maharashtra 2025, said fadnavis.
on monday, the cm plans to interact with the youth from across vidarbha, marathwada, konkan, western maharashtra and north maharashtra.
while nearly 8,000 students are expected to participate in the interactions, nearly 6 lakh more have enrolled online to make transform maharashtra a common cause.
from ratan tata to actor akshay kumar, a host of famous personalities, too ,will participate in the deliberations on may 1.
at the sprawling national sport club of india in mumbai, sector-wise stalls exhibiting innovative experiments to highlight policy reforms and their impact on people will be displayed  from the flagship project jalyukta shivar, swachh bharat abhiyan and skill development to reforms in the farm sector, start-ups and digital maharashtra.
nidhi kamdar, officer on special duty in the chief ministers office (cmo), said: the chief minister will hold interactions with students and experts from various fields on a wide range of subjects, ranging from science and agriculture to economics.
the chief minister believes that youth is the future of the state and country.
their overwhelming repose and participation resulting in innovative ideas on matters of state will be significant.
according to a principal secretary in the government, there is a clear departure from the past when the administration and policies were considered the domain of ministers and bureaucrats working in the mantralaya.
he added: today, experts from across sections who are not associated directly in governance but have vastknowledge and experience are contributing a lot to good governance.
b'pankaja munde (left) and devendrafadnavis (right) pankaja munde (left) and devendrafadnavis (right)with the dawn of the digital age, the definitions of public and private have surely undergone modulations.
but what is more amusing is the way the internet has changed the way the public services once functioned.
the latest example seems to be the twitter chat between former maharashtra minister of water conservation pankaja munde and state chief minister devendra fadnavis.
to start with, munde declared she would not be attending a global water leader summit on monday since she was no longer minister of that portfolio.
to that, fadnavis responded by saying she needs to attend it since as a senior minister, she would be representing the maharashtra government.
reaching singapore tomorrow on monday there is world water leader summit i was invited but now wont attend since i m not minister incharge  pankajagopinathmunde (@pankajamunde) july 9, 2016of course you must attend wls 2016.
as a senior minister you would be representing the government of maharashtra.
http://t.
co/czmyplepma  devendrafadnavis (@dev_fadnavis) july 9, 2016while twitter has become an important platform for people to reach out to their representatives and government, this might be among the first instances of members of the government using the platform to indulge in a conversation.
also read: reshuffle: pankaja munde tweets she wont attend wls 2016, fadnavis says she mustwhile we in india are used to twitter arguments between public officials and celebrities, a chief minister and a minister discussing their work schedule on the internet is certainly new.
we wonder if there is more in this than can fit in 140 characters?
last year, minister of state for external affairs, v k singh had kicked up a storm when he tweeted his #disgust a day after he attended the national day reception at pakistan high commission.
while making official conversations public might at one level be seen as an indicator of transparency that the citizens must thank platforms like twitter and facebook for, it also calls for questioning to what extent must discussions among government officials be made available to the public.
there are certainly issues of propriety and protocol to these small conversations.
kicking off the second phase of his mahajanadesh yatra in northern maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday hit out at pakistan and termed the revocation of article 370 as the long-cherished dream of every indian.
advertisingprime minister narendra modi has defeated the devious design of pakistan to divide india and separate kashmir.
today, by scrapping article 370, we have ensured that kashmir is an integral part of india, he said while speaking at public rallies at nandurbar and dondaicha.
at the rally in nandurbar, which was once a congress stronghold, fadnavis also told opposition parties to introspect as to why their leaders were quitting.
the answer does not lie in politics.
the reason is, those joining hands with bjp are beginning to see our resolve to transform maharashtra, he said.
advertisingbharat gavit, son of senior congress leader manikrao gavit, and deepak patil, son of the late leader p k anna patil, joined bjp at nandurbar in fadnavis presence.
fadnavis also continued to highlight the state governments development initiatives, saying, maharashtra is ready to compete with the worlds most advanced and developed nations, having set the wheels of reforms to bridge the rural and urban divide in the last five years.
the chief minister started the yatra from dhule district, which is often referred to as communally sensitive.
at every meeting, the focus was on presenting the state bjp governments roadmap and achievements.
our government has transformed the face of tribal belts across nandurbar, amravati and palghar.
policies with adequate funds have helped tackle malnourishment.
we provided livelihood alternatives to empower tribals, he said.
in dondaicha, he said maharashtra had made significant strides in the last five years to bridge the rural and urban divide.
today, it is the leading state in the country in almost all sectors in the education sector, we have improved our ranking from 18th to third and in health we are third in the country.
in the next few years, we will make it to number one, he said.
seasonal farming, medical and higher education benefits will be given to farmers in lieu of land pooling.
seasonal farming, medical and higher education benefits will be given to farmers in lieu of land pooling.
the cabinet sub-committee chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday decided to evolve a new category of seasonal farming along with existing farming on irrigated and non-irrigated lands.
the decision comes in the wake of extending project partnership and benefits to farmers in the ambitious nagpur-mumbai samruddhi corridor project.
the rs 46,000 crore project, along 706 km with 24 townships will require 10,000 hectares of land.
of the total land only eight per cent falls in fertile agriculture category.
the government has adopted land pooling pattern where farmers whose land is acquired would be given in return a fully developed land in the vicinity along with provisions for sustained livelihood.
an official who attended the meeting said, at present, there are just two categories of farmers who held irrigated land and those who had non-irrigated land.
broadly, it considered farming in kharif and rabi category.
there was no provision for farmers who cultivated seasonal crops of short tenure of two to four months.
the creation of new category is to make benefits more inclusive and ensure nobody is left out of development, he added.
another aspect relates to shift from treating farmers and non-farmers under one category of project affected persons.
instead, by emphasising on land pooling model and defining categories the government wants to convey that farmers will be partners and in lieu of their land, acquire a fully developed plot including land for agriculture in the adjoining area.
the land pooling model ensures both land and livelihood for farmers.
the committee decided to extend health benefits of maharashtra jyotiba phule jan arogya yojana to farmers affected by the project.
the farmers children will be provided concessions and facilities in higher and professional education.
among other sops includes buyback guarantee from government to enable loan for development of non-agriculture land.
all those who volunteer to give land under the land pooling model will become project partner entitled to multiple benefits.
in another meeting, the government decided to take up road improvement projects in maharashtra with hybrid annuity model.
the committee decided to improve 10,000 km of state road stretch across districts.
the roads that connect important towns, industrial sectors, places of tourism and revenue headquarters will be selected from all the 36 districts.
the chief minister has directed the public works department to make a list of all roads and draw finance plans through various departments by november end.
shivajirao giridhar patil shivajirao giridhar patilformer congress leader and minister committed to the cooperative movement, shivajirao giridhar patil (92), passed away in mumbai on saturday.
the father of late actress, smita patil, he had always showed his commitment to social causes across sectors with resolve and contributed in the field of education and agriculture through the cooperative sector.
in 2013, patil was awarded with the padma bhushan, the highest civilian award.
the former member of parliament and state legislative assembly, he had participated in the freedom movement as a student.
patil was a member of the rajya sabha during 1992-98, an mlc from 1960 to 1967 and an mla for three consecutive terms from 1967 to 1980.
patil worked as the minister in the cabinets led by late chief ministers vasantrao naik, shankarrao chavan and vasantdada patil.
known for his easy approach, patil never allowed power politics to overpower his commitment and passion to the social work and people.
senior political commentator bharatkumar raut said: shivajirao giridhar patil was a staunch socialist.
one can say that veteran socialist leader s m joshi was his mentor.
the late congress leader and first chief minister and union defence minister yashantrao chavan got patil to join the congress.
it was part of the expansion drive.
it was then known as berij che raajkaran (politics of multiplication).
leaders across party lines and prominent personalities from various walks of life offered their condolences.
his immense contribution in strengthening the cooperative network in sugar and education sector will always be remembered.
the ncp president sharad pawar who had worked with patil said: patil showed absolute commitment to the cooperative movement and democratic ideology.
he belonged to a generation whose politics veered on social commitments.
union railway minister suresh prabhu tweeted to offer his condolences, along with several cabinet ministers.
the former speaker in state legislative assembly, dilip walse patil, said: maharashtra and our country has suffered a great loss with the demise of shivajirao patil.
my deepest condolences to his family.
opposition leader radhakrishna vikhe-patil said: my father late balasaheb vikhe-patil and shivajirao patil had worked together in the cooperative sector.
we shared family ties and it is a personal loss to me.
mpcc chief ashok chavan said:  patils contribution to social sectors was immense and his demise is a setback to cooperative sector.
the shiv sena-led brihanmumbai municipal corporation may have opposed the allotment of 17 plots for the metro rail 3 project, but party offices of the shiv sena along with that of the congress, the nationalist congress party (ncp) and a few others will be shifted out of nariman point by mid-october.
officials from the mumbai metro rail corporation (mmrc) said the party offices would be shifted to the ground and first floors of the office of a mumbai port trust building in ballard estate.
other political parties whose offices will be relocated temporarily for the duration of the metro rail construction project include the bharatiya republican party, the bahujan mahasangh, the peasant and workers party, the samajwadi party and two others.
besides, 25 government offices will also be relocated to ballard estate.
the port trust has been carrying out repairs, which will be completed by september-end.
all these political parties offices will be shifted to ballard estate by mid-october as per the state governments decision, said mmrc managing director ashwini bhide.
the work on the metro 3 project will start by october 1 as planned, bhide added.
however, mmrc officials said the shifting was temporary and the offices would return to nariman point after three years.
last week, after chief minister devendrafadnavis asked the civic body to hand over 17 plots to the metro 3 project, shiv sena leaders had said they would continue to oppose the project till the government came out with details of the rehabilitation of more than 600 families to be affected by the project.
also, the states public works department (pwd) has permanently allotted 147 square metre area of manora mla hostel and another 562 sq m underground area for the metro project.
officials from the mmrc said since it was a high profile building, they required 147 sq m for the entry and exit of the metro station, though the mla hostel would remain intact.
the 33.
5-km colaba-bandra-seepz metro is touted to be mumbais first and the countrys longest underground metro rail corridor, estimated to cost rs 23,136 crore.
political parties are willing to move out of their current office for the project but have been reluctant to shift out of nariman point, one of mumbais prime locations.
shetti was reacting to chief minister devendrafadnavis statement that some political parties are behind the strike.
(representational purpose) shetti was reacting to chief minister devendrafadnavis statement that some political parties are behind the strike.
(representational purpose)bjp ally and mp raju shetti said his organisation, swabhimani shetkari sanghatna, will join the farmers strike which started on thursday if the maharashtra government resorted to repression.
if the state government plans to crush the agitation, i will personally participate in it with my workers, shetti told pti.
he was reacting to chief minister devendrafadnavis statement that some political parties are behind the strike.
all those taking part in the strike are sons of farmers and not workers of political party.
the cm shouldnt have made such a divisive statement, said shetti, who has been expressing resentment about bjp-led governments agricultural policies of late.
asked why he has not joined in the protest, shetti said, i am still a part of government (coalition).
had i joined in, i would have been charged with hijacking the agitation.
i support their cause, and if the government plans to crush it, then i will join in the strike.
the scheme would help 60,000 rural households bring in regular earnings of rs 200 crore, which would be accounted in their individual bank accounts.
the scheme would help 60,000 rural households bring in regular earnings of rs 200 crore, which would be accounted in their individual bank accounts.
the national dairy development board (nddb) will implement dairy development projects in 2,000 villages of vidarbha and marathwada.
the decision was taken at meeting convened on friday by chief minister devendrafadnavis of nddb officials to extend the dairy development projects to rural households across backward districts of vidarbha and marathwada.
the scheme would help 60,000 rural households bring in regular earnings of rs 200 crore, which would be accounted in their individual bank accounts.
scientific breeding activities, improved feeding practices and preventive animal health care is aimed at increasing productivity.
the scheme envisages jobs to rural youth and indirect employment to transporters, distributors, retailers and other service providers.
shirdi airport chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed officials to complete unfinished work at shirdi airport by october 2016.
in a review meeting held recently, he also asked the public works department (pwd) to complete road works connecting the airport.
the security aspects at the airport were also discussed at the meeting.
advertisingthe dccbs have reported lower outstanding farm credit, even as nationalised banks have shown an increase in the amount.
under the chhatrapati shivaji maharaj shetkari sanman yojna, announced in june 2017, pending crop loans up to rs 1.
50 lakh were to be waived for individual farmers, while an incentive of rs 25,000 was announced for those who repay their loans regularly.
initially, the scheme was to be implemented for loans pending from 2009 onwards, but later the time period was extended to include loans pending since 2001.
as per the government scheme, farmers can avail 11-month crop loan from finance institutions at 6 per cent interest.
timely repayment will further qualify a farmer for 3 per cent interest subvention from the centre and a similar 2 per cent subvention from the state  thus the actual interest rate payable becomes just 1 per cent.
this capital is usually used by farmers for investment in seed and other agricultural inputs.
advertisingfailure to access loans from banks force farmers to turn to private money lenders, who charge around 10-15 per cent interest.
failure to repay these loans usually pushes a farmer into a debt, which experts have singled out as a primary cause of farmer suicide.
till date, pending farm credit of rs 18,062.
07 crore, out of the total rs 43,07,401 crore, have been waived in maharashtra.
the slow progress in loan waiver has affected disbursal of fresh farm credit in the last two years.
according to the data provided by state level bankers committee (slbc)  a state-level panel of institutional lenders and government offices which monitors the flow of credit to priority sector  the 31 dccbs fared better in terms of implementation of the scheme.
till december 31 last year  the end of the third quarter of 2018-19 fiscal  outstanding farm credit for dccbs stood at rs 25,182.
62 crore.
the amount stood at rs 30,692.
49 crore during the same period in the previous fiscal.
meanwhile, scheduled commercial banks (scb) reported rs 88,506.
84 crore outstanding crop loan on december 31, 2018  it stood at rs 85,372.
03 crore at the end of the third quarter of the 2017-18 fiscal.
the relatively better performance of cooperative banks was recorded even when scbs had received more funds in terms of the waiver.
data from the department of cooperation, government of maharashtra, which has been accessed by the indian express, shows that as of february 22, a total of rs 9,843 crore pending loan was waived for scbs, while the figure for the cooperative banks stood at rs 8,219 crore.
vijay ghonse patil, managing director of osmanabad district cooperative bank, said the bank has received a total waiver worth rs 89.
41 crore.
while this has helped the bank in the short-term, ghonse patil is apprehensive of the effect of this scheme in the long run.
regular repayment attracts an incentive of rs 25,000, while pending loans of rs 1.
50 lakh is waived.
we fear now regular payees will willfully default to get a better deal, he said.
file photo file photocampaigning for the pune municipal corporation (pmc) and pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation (pcmc) elections came to end on sunday evening.
most of the candidates were seen taking to the streets, in their last bid to approach the voters ahead of the polling day february 21.
watch what else is in the newsthere are 162 corporators, to be elected from the 41 electoral panels in pmc, with the state government introducing four-ward electoral panels for the civic elections.
a total of 1,090 candidates are in the fray to make it to the civic body.
the ncp in the pmc has forged a pre-poll alliance with the congress in select seats to retain the power, while the bjp, shiv sena and mns are going it alone to display their strength in the city politics.
the election campaign dominated with the bjp, posing a challenge to the ncp in civic body after the bjp won the lok sabha seat from the city with a record margin and also managed to win all the eight assembly seats from the city in 2014.
the bjp campaign was led by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the party had also roped in union ministers venkaiah naidu, manohar parrikar and prakash javadekar for campaigning.
state ministers vinod tawade, pankaja munde, sudhir mungatiwar, dilip kamble and girish bapat, along with state bjp chief raosaheb danve, were also seen campaigning for the party.
meanwhile, bjp leaders like mla laxman jagtap, mla mahesh landge, mp amar sable, azam pansare held padyatras and met voters.
the ncp campaign was led by former deputy chief minister ajit pawar, with ncp chief sharad pawar too addressing public rallies.
leader of state legislative council dhananjay munde, party mp supriya sule and vandana chavan also campaigned for party candidates.
ncp leader ajit pawar led from the front as he moved around the town in an open jeep, waving at onlookers.
his rally started from dapodi at 9 am and ended at 5 pm in nigdi.
he urged people to vote for ncp on the basis of the development work carried out by the party in the last five years.
trying to regain its lost pride, the congress too roped in state party chief ashok chavan, former chief minister prithviraj chavan and leader of opposition in state legislative assembly radhakrishna vikhe-patil and former minister harshvardhan patil to seek votes for the party.
the mns and shiv sena candidates had to sweat out it on their own.
mns chief raj thackeray and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray addressed one rally each for their party candidates, with no other big names campaigning for the party.
with all the political parties trying to score over each other through their election manifestos, the fight between them was mainly via social networking sites and election rallies.
the ncp was the first to declare its manifesto, while the bjp was best at its management to reach out to voters through its network of party workers.
however, the last rally, to be addressed by the chief minister at tilak road on saturday, became the talk of town as it had to be cancelled due to poor public presence, which the party attributed to miscommunication.
even after the campaigning ended, party workers were seen moving around the area, urging people to vote for their candidates.
in pimpri-chinchwad, roadshows, padyatras and door-to-door campaigning marked the last day of electioneering.
corner sabhas or rallies, however, were conspicuously missing.
the town wore a festive look as it also celebrated shiv jayanti with gusto.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
bjp win 8 out of 10 corporations in maharashtra, sena on top in mumbai, thanemaharashtra cm devendrafadnavis stamped his presence in civic bodies elections across mahrashtra.
the bjp managed to win 82 out of 227 seats alone in mumbai, just two short of its ally-turned-rival shiv sena.
bjps gains ensured the marginalisation of congress and ncp from the civic bodies across the state.
bjp made impressive gains across the state, as it routed congress, ncp from strongholds such as pune.
the congress reached an altogether new low- with merely 31 seats at bmc, and also losing solapur and amravati to bjp.
read morekansas bar shooting: 1 indian killed, two others injured in racial attacksrinivas kuchibhotla, the indian who was killed in the shooting at the bar in kansas (image: gofundme.com) srinivas kuchibhotla, the indian who was killed in the shooting at the bar in kansas (image: gofundme.com)a 51-year old man on friday allegedly opened fire at a crowded kansas city bar, killing an indian engineer and injuring two others, in an apparent racist attack.
the local police are working with fbi to investigate the motive behind the attack.
according to the police, the bartender reported the shooter adam purinton shouted racial slurs before opening fire.
srinivas kuchibhotla, 32, died on his way to hospital, police said.
the two other injured victims were hospitalised and are in stable condition, police said.
read moreramjas scare: drama fest called off over anti-national chargeclashes occurred between protesters and police at north campus, delhi university.
clashes occurred between protesters and police at north campus, delhi university.
following heavy clashes at delhi university, sgtb khalsa colleges street theatre festival was postponed.
the abvp students allegedly have issued threats against anti-national themes of some of the plays to be performed in the theatre fest.
saikat ghosh, staff advisor of the theatre society at khalsa college, said the programme was cancelled under duress.
read moreleicester city sacks manager claudio ranierileicester city manager claudio ranieri after the match action images via reuters/john sibley livepic leicester city manager claudio ranieri after the match action images via reuters/john sibley livepicnine months after guiding leicester city to a historic english premiere league victory, the manager, claudio ranieri, was sacked by the club owners.
the decision was made after clubs recent performance, as the foxes find itself just one point above relegation zone in premiere league, with only 13 matches to go.
the club faced another blow, last week, after they were knocked out of fa cup after a defeat against league one club millwall.
read moremalaysia says vx nerve agent used in killing of north korean kim jong-namkim jong-nam.
(file photo) kim jong-nam.
(file photo)malaysian police investigating into the death of north korean leader kim jong-uns exiled half-brother kim jong-nam revealed that banned chemical weapon vx was used to kill him.
the police said they have detected traces of the substance on kims eyes and face.
the investigation into the murder has started an international crisis, with many believeing pyongang employed a hit-squad to take out kim jong-nam who had been vocally critical of his familys dynastic control of north korea.
the state government has evolved a separate plan to tackle the financial challenges, he said.
the rs 34,000 crore loan waiver to 89 lakh farmers is bound to cause a financial strain on the state budget and treasury.
but we are not going to allow that to impact our development projects or the states growth index, fadnavis said while outlining maharashtras vision for the next 10 years at a programme organised by a marathi tv channel, abp majha, in mumbai.
we have prepared a plan.
all our core social sectors and projects that are going to be in the larger interest of the states growth and public services will not be compromised, fadnavis said.
there are various options we are looking at to raise funds and expedite projects in public interest, he added.
fadnavis said the next 10 years are going to be significant for maharashtra, along with the rest of the country.
he said, today, almost 45 to 50 per cent of the population of the state is dependent on agriculture.
but contribution through the agriculture sector is extremely low.
almost 80 per cent of the region comes under the rain shadow area.
our biggest challenge is to provide water to enable sustainable agriculture in these drought-prone regions of the state, fadnavis said.
along with group farming, we have to interlink it with service and industrial sectors.
we have to promote greater technology, he added.
twenty-five lakh women from across the state have presented rakhis to chief minister devendrafadnavis this year.
advertisingat the shakti sanman mahotsav held in mumbai on tuesday, fadnavis said, i had already earned the nomenclature of deven(dra) bhau (brother) from my friends and associates.
but today is very special as 25 lakh sisters have come forward to convey their affection through rakhis and touching personal messages.
around two months ago, the state bjp womens wing had decided to connect to the beneficiaries of central and state schemes through raksha bandhan.
it is my resolve to see every women empowered and self reliant.
their rights will be always guarded.
the state has zero tolerance towards atrocities against women, said the cm.
every woman has potential and this is evident in how well they multi task.
whether she is a homemaker or a professional or a party worker  each ably shoulder multiple responisibilities, he added.
advertisingstate bjp women wing president madhavi naik said, we have received 25 lakh rakhis in two months.
this figure doesnt include the rakhis that are still being sent to the cm.
meanwhile, sources said the guinness world records has taken note of the cm receiving 25 lakh rakhis.
mumbai municipal commissioner praveen pardeshi wants to actively promote the use of bicycles as a mode of transport in the congested city.
and to send home the message, he has decided to get on the two wheels himself while on morning inspection rounds in south mumbai.
cycling enthusiasts have welcomed the civic commissioners gesture.
even during his previous stint as civic commissioner in pune between 2007 and 2009, pardeshi had actively promoted cycling and had even initiated a no vehicle day in the pune municipal corporation.
uncle, nephew & congadvertisingwith its back against the wall in poll-bound maharashtra, the congress has pinned hopes on an uncle-nephew pair for reviving its fortunes.
while former maharashtra minister and sangamner mla vijay (balasaheb) thorat has been elevated as the state congress chief and the head of the poll strategy committee in the state, his nephew, satyajeet tambe, is the head of the partys youth wing in the state.
both of them hail from the same district of ahmednagar.
while the youth wing has complained of not being given enough representation in the polls in the past, party leaders are now banking on a smoother coordination between the two party units, given that the men leading the show have close family ties.
breakfast meeteyebrows are being raised over an unscheduled breakfast meeting between chief minister devendrafadnavis and congress mla bharat bhalke at the latters residence this past week.
after performing the traditional puja at the shrine in pandharpur on july 11, fadnavis visited bhalkes residence for breakfast.
housing minister and former opposition leader radhakrishna vikhe-patil was also present at the meeting.
incidentally, bhalke was among the four mlas who had accompanied vikhe-patil when he submitted his resignation as congress mla to the speaker last month.
bhalke and congress mla siddharam mhetre had also welcomed fadnavis at solapur before visiting pandharpur.
shunted out?
speculation is rife in the corridors of power that chief minister devendrafadnavis move to transfer 1987-batch ias officer ashwani kumar from the post of principal secretary and chief electoral officer, maharashtra, was on account of complaints allegedly raised by some district collectors against his style of functioning.
sources further confirmed that the election departments own staff too had raised complaints against him.
it must be noted that even in the run-up to the lok sabha polls, the cm-led general administration department had written to the election commission of india for permission to transfer kumar out of the department.
but with lok sabha elections around the corner, the commission had then shot down the proposal.
lot to handleadvertisingtoo many departments and not too many men.
thats how the devendrafadnavis government is functioning at the moment.
with the much-anticipated reshuffle of senior bureaucrats delayed yet again, the system of entrusting additional charges is becoming more of a rule rather than an exception.
consider this.
additional chief secretary (housing) has been holding the home secretarys charge in additional capacity since january this year.
since march 27 this year, when ups madan was elevated to the chief secretarys position, the state has also gone without a full-time finance secretary.
in a drought year, the state also does not have a full-time water conservation secretary.
it has also gone without a full-time cooperatives commissioner for nearly a year now.
another key post, that of the konkan divisional commissioner, is vacant since june this year, with mumbai suburban collector sachin kurve holding the charge in additional capacity.
some senior bureaucrats conceded that with several top men burdened with multiple profiles, the pace of work has taken a beating.
ghar wapsiattempts to repatriate senior ias officer baldev singh from the centre have finally come through.
the cm-led general administration department had first sought his repatriation more than a year ago after singh, a 1989-batch officer, who was on central deputation as the development commissioner of the santa cruz electronic export processing zone, sez mumbai from june 2017 onwards, had himself evinced interest in returning to the state cadre.
according to sources, the chief minister was initially keen to allot the agriculture portfolio to singh, but the delay in his repatriation saw him naming another senior bureaucrat on the post.
singh, for now, has been named as the states principal secretary and chief electoral officer.
after a string of protests in june over making marathi compulsory up to class xii in all schools of all educational boards, marathi language activists have prepared a draft bill that proposes a penalty of up to rs 10,000 on a school for failing to introduce the language.
advertisingthe draft bill, prepared by the marathichya bhalyasathi  a platform of 24 organisations working towards the development of the language  proposes a fine of rs 5,000 for the first violation, rs 10,000 for the second and a higher penalty, including cancellation of permission and no-objection certificate (noc) for the third violation.
it also says that marathi would be compulsory in the schools of all educational boards, which includes government aided and non-aided schools.
in last week of june, a delegation of marathi writers, including veteran writer madhu mangesh karnik, author and former president of all india marathi literature meet laxmikant deshmukh, had met chief minister devendrafadnavis to press for their demands in the matter.
advertisingone the key demands of the group was to make marathi compulsory in schools of all boards apart from granting classical status to the language, and building a language bhavan.
fadnavis had promised to look into their demands.
deshmukh, executive president of marathichya bhalyasathi, said the draft bill has been prepared to seek suggestions from all the marathi lovers, writers, artists, language and literature institutions, schools, colleges and others.
the deadline to submit the suggestions is august 15.
we will then take a call on whether to make any amendments in the draft bill.
we have asked marathi language lovers, institutions and organisations to pass a resolution to recommend that it be made a law, deshmukh said.
we want the state government to promulgate an ordinance to make it a law before the code of conduct comes into force for assembly polls, he added.
5 per cent (this fiscal) to 15-18 per cent in the coming monsoons.
let us strive towards a mechanism where every single farmer who wishes to avail of the crop loan has an easy access to the financial institutions.
he added that the district cooperative banks with better rural network and the national and commercial banks with higher capital could coordinate to optimise their spread to connect every village and help farmers seeking crop loans.
of the total crop loan of rs 51,235.
10 crore that was disbursed this year, the share of national banks (rs 26,470.
27) and commercial banks (rs 41,26.
91 crore) together works out to rs 30,597.
18 crore.
on the other hand, the share of district cooperative banks (rs 17,548.
79 crore) and rural cooperative banks (rs 3044.
56 crore) together amounts to rs 20,593.
35 crore.
but in terms of rural reach, it is estimated that the district cooperative and rural banks together cover larger number of farmers compared to the national and commercial banks taken together.
referring to the sub-committee led by the additional chief secretary of finance that was set up to expand the institutional credit bracket, fadnavis said: we have strengthen the infrastructure to facilitate greater reach by the national banks in rural areas.
and also fix the problems faced by 10 to 12 district cooperative banks that are ailing.
in spite of a good monsoon forecast, we have to be prepared for all eventualities factoring the long gaps between two spells of rains that have played havoc and caused immense crop damage in the past.
he added that all ongoing jalyukt shivar and farm pond projects should be completed in the next two months to create additional water storage structures to help farmers cope with unpredictable rains or long dry spells.
the state has set a target of 1.
11 lakh farm ponds by december 2017.
the chief minister said agriculture universities should be roped in to come out with awareness drives for farmers through advisories on crop pattern changes and reach out to every village through its students and districtofficers.
he added that double production and higher income for farmers would only be achievable through scientificplanning of crops based on soil health.
with good monsoons, fadnavis said, farmers would go for higher investments and therefore, crop patterns would become more important this kharif season.
the measures recommended include a cluster agriculture model where small and marginal farmers in a group of 20 and with a cumulative land holding of 100 acre work together to make farming economically sustainable.
b'maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said redevelopment of bdd chawls will raise the standard of living of over 12,000 families currently staying in close-packed homes.
this (redevelopment) project is going to be one of the most prestigious and beautiful urban development project in the country, it will raise the standard of living of thousands of people living in a close-packed 160 sq ft premises, said the chief minister.
fadnavis performed the groundbreaking ceremony (bhoomipujan) for redevelopment projects of the bdd chawls in south mumbai.
addressing the gathering on the occasion, fadnavis said, the first priority is to rehabilitate the tenants in a 500 sq ft flat against their 160 sq ft tenements and after that the saleable component would be constructed.
in this redevelopment project of the chawls, 68 per cent of land will be utilised to rehabilitate the residents and only 32 per cent will used by the developer, said fadnavis.
these chawls have an indelible contribution to the cultural history of mumbai.
fadnavis also announced that his government was working on a fasttrack mode for police housing and in the next two years, its results would be visible.
fadnavis blamed the previous government for not working to materialise this redevelopment project.
earlier government only talked of redevelopment of this project but we have actually started the work, said the cm.
housing minister prakash mehta credited chief minister devendrafadnavis for removing the hurdles that were coming in the way of the redevelopment project.
if this project has seen the light of the day today, it is because of chief minister who meticulously removed all the technical glitches coming in the way, said mehta, who also celebrated his birthday during the bhoomipujan.
government of maharashtra has appointed mhada as the nodal agency to execute the project through contractors.
larsen & toubro has been tasked to redevelop the bdd chawls at naigaon in dadar, while the contract to redevelop the chawls of nm joshi marg in lower parel has been awarded to shapoorji pallonji group.
the sewri site will be redeveloped by the mumbai port trust, which owns the land.
with an fsi of four, chawls will be redeveloped under the cluster redevelopment scheme in which one cluster will comprise four chawls.
the tenants of this chawl are entitled to a flat with 500 sq ft carpet area, which is inclusive of fungible fsi.
however, there will be no affordable segment in the sale component.
the bombay development directorate (bdd) chawls were build in 1920s by britishers with an objective to create low-cost housing in mumbai.
there are 207 such chawls in south mumbai spread over 37 hectares in four areas  worli (22.
14 hectare), nm joshi marg (5.
46 hectare), sewri (2.
32 hectare) and naigaon (6.
45 hectare).
as many as 12,327 families are currently living in these 160-sq ft premises.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday laid the foundation stone for a sub-centre of institute of chemical technology, at jalna district in marathwada.
the decision comes in wake of governments decision to develop the backward region of marathwada.
while describing the institute of chemical technology as a centre for prosperity, fadnavis said,  we have taken decisions to develop industrial corridor through shendre-bidkin in the region.
various projects undertaken to bring industries and employment would alter the entire region.
the institutte of chemical tehnology got the union governments nod and state cabinet had approved it recently.
auranagad and jalna have emerged as the industrial magnet of maharashtra, fadnavis said.
outlining the roadmap along with detail projects and investments for the region, he indicate, nagpur-mumbai samruddhi corridor would further work to the regions advantage.
the governments sanction to dry port at jalna district would enable expeditious movement of goods to jnpt.
referring to pune as the it sector with ample human resources, the government has prepared a road map to develop each of the region complete with city makeover to bring both investments and generate jobs.
the rs 40,000 crore package which has been provided to marathwada region encompassing eight districts would focus on infrastructure and civic amnities.
the thrust is on hi-speed railways and road connectivity.
addressing the public meeting at jalna, chief minister said, the progress of new india or magnetic maharashtra can become a reality only when backward region of marathwada, north maharashtra and vidarbha keep the pace of development and growth.
emphasising on the human resources in the development and industrial growth, he highlighted the immense potential state had to develop chemical industry.
the government believes the chemical tehnical institute can play a significant role in generating new avenues for jobs through allied services and also research which would be accorded higher priority.
the government has provided rs 5,334 crore for development of district jalna.
the road construction has bene provided rs 7000 crore.
through loan waiver to farmers government has provided rs 900 crore to district alone.
the water conservation works undertaken in the district are 500 projects.
a proposal of the maharashtra revenue department to treat a portion of the arabian sea foreshore in south mumbai as revenue land has been cleared by the state government.
this, officials say, sets an unhealthy precedent since it amounts to recognising unauthorised reclamation.
advertisingofficial documents obtained by the indian express under the right to information act show that on july 15, chief minister devendrafadnavis approved in principle the revenue departments proposal to treat a foreshore portion on the seaward side of the high tide line (htl) in the nepean sea road area as revenue land.
mumbais latest coastal zone management plan, approved by the centre on august 16, 2018, shows that the portion in question is located in the inter-tidal zone.
the union environment ministry, in its latest czmp for mumbai, placed the foreshore portion in the ecologically sensitive coastal regulation zone-ib, where no construction or development can be undertaken with the exception of foreshore facilities like ports, harbours and jetties among others.
the documents also show that the revenue department had processed the proposal after slum developer, m/s dlpl infrastructure llp, had approached fadnavis in this regard.
on september 26, 2016, in a letter to the cm, the developer requested him to issue directives to the mumbai (city) collector for providing a cadastral survey number to the foreshore land for a slum redevelopment project to be undertaken on it.
on september 29, the department forwarded the developers demand to the mumbai collector, on which the cm noted, collector of mumbai, examine and do the needful.
advertisingreached for comment, fadnavis said, the government has only given in-principle approval to survey the foreshore land and to give cadastral survey number to the land parcel determined as a result of the survey.
the government letter to the mumbai collector in this regard is limited to this in-principle approval only.
the developability of the land parcel shall be subject to crz laws and mumbais development regulations.
a noc from the environment department had been obtained before giving the in-principle approval.
there is no illegality or favouritism done.
the office of maharashtras settlement commissioner, which oversees land measurements and surveys, had earlier recorded on the file that when the lands in mumbai were surveyed, the portion in question was under water.
the developers letter also acknowledges that the portion is a foreshore land.
contending that a slum pocket, measuring about 21,528 sq ft and comprising 100 shanties, had come up on the land, the letter stated that a proposal for in-situ redevelopment of the slum dwellers  they have formed a collective called the shivaji nagar chs (proposed)  had earlier been admitted by the state-run slum rehabilitation authority (sra), the developer complained that it had not progressed further as the land survey number had not been given.
while his letter claims that the slum scheme was submitted in 2011 itself, documents show that on august 27, 2015, when it was admitted, sras then ceo aseem gupta imposed the rider that the scheme may be submitted but nothing should be processed further till the cs no.
is given to the land by the superintendent of land records (slr).
he also asked the mumbai collector to take necessary steps as per legal provisions for surveying the portion, deciding its ownership, and issuing an independent property card after prior government approval.
as the developer argued that the slum dwellers had been residing on the property for the last 30-40 years, an october 17, 2018 report from the settlement commissioners office indicated that the slums had come up after illegal reclamation.
kishor tavrej, the then deputy director (land records), wrote, the slum exists along the shore.
when the lands in mumbai were surveyed, the portion was found to be under water.
the slum has clearly come up on the portion later.
the environment department, too, said that the land in question was a foreshore.
it reasoned that under crz regulation, no development or construction was possible.
the developer, meanwhile, maintained that the land was situated in the less restrictive crz-ii zone.
the rti documents show that two previous mumbai collectors, ashwini joshi and sampada mehta, had pointed out to the government that there was no policy for surveying and granting revenue land status for foreshores.
meanwhile, the settlement commissioners office also cautioned the government over the broader implications of the move.
tavrej, in his report, stated, it is felt that the government should take a conscious decision in this regard, considering that similar demands could be raised in future as well.
it should examine the impact (of the move) on the shoreline, the coastal environment, and the crz.
on june 13, 2017, mehta, then mumbai collector, had even questioned the developers authority to seek the land survey.
the sra has clarified that it hasnt approved the slum scheme yet.
there are no papers or supporting documents to validate the developers status.
mehta also pointed out that in 2014, the state government itself had turned down a proposal to similarly grant survey numbers for two foreshore lands in banganga citing crz norms.
reached for comment, additional chief secretary (revenue) manu kumar srivastava said: we have just labelled the portion as land.
it is for the competent authority to independently decide whether the land is developable or not.
b'shiv sena party chief uddhav thackeray.
(file photo) shiv sena party chief uddhav thackeray.
(file photo)the results of maharashtra civic polls look to be a clear manifestation of shiv sena chief uddhav thackerays coming of age as a strong politician.
after sena founder bal thackerays demise, there was a conflict over handing uddhav the reins of the party as against the more feisty raj thackeray who broke away to form his own political outfit, the maharashtra navnirman sena.
but the way uddhav has took on the bjp over the past few months shows he is not a weak leader people took him to be.
shiv sena is runaway leader in mumbai and thane and is close in nashik result as well.
the party clearly doesnt have any standing in nagpur due to the huge influence of rss with its headquarters located in the city.
however, such a performance in only his second civic polls in charge is commendable.
winning municipal elections, particularly in mumbai and thane is crucial for sena to recover ground in the state.
it will give the sena a lot more space to fight the bjp in the governments decisions at the state level.
this election was in many ways a referendum on uddhavs leadership and he seems to have done justice.
sena has historically led the show in the state with bjp as the smaller partner but the former was overtaken in 2014 at the state and at the lok sabha level.
uddhavs constant criticism of prime minister narendra modi over demonetisation and chief minister devendrafadnavis for mismanagement of the state alliance signalled a coming of age moment where the usually calm uddhav stood up against the bjp denying the latter a free hand in their alliance.
uddhavs decision to break up the alliance after bjp refused the 60-seat offer in bmc was key in such a massive victory for the shiv sena.
under the command of founder bal thackeray, shiv sena caught the imagination of mumbai and neighbouring cities.
what sets it apart from the bjp is the strong focus on local dominance of marathis.
uddhav took it upon himself to invoke senas marathi credo to go up against the bjp.
demonetisation doesnt seem to be a game changer as the decision brought the bjp near to victory in nagpur, pune, nashik and pimpri chinchwad.
uddhavs aggressive approach seems to have made the difference in bmc and pmc polls as sena followers found a strong leader again in uddhav after his father.
tribals and other forest-dwelling communities on monday held demonstrations at multiple locations across maharashtra against a february 13 order of the supreme court that would dispossess lakhs of people dependent on the forest for their livelihood from forest resources.
while the order was temporarily stayed on february 28, the case comes up for hearing in the apex court on wednesday.
in addition, protesters also demanded that the proposed amendments to the indian forest act (ifa), 1927, be rolled back.
advertisingat alibag in raigad district, where about 1,000 tribals and others representing the shoshit jan aandolan gathered, including a very large number of women.
a delegation led by activists ulka mahajan, surekha dalvi and mukta srivastava met taluka-level officials and handed over a letter listing their demands.
in karjat, also in raigad district, a protest was conducted by the shoshit jan aandolan and the jagrut kashtkar sanghatana.
at dahanu in palghar district, the kashtakari sanghatana and the shetmajoor shetkari panchayat agitated outside the palghar collectors office in dahanu.
the all india kisan sabha organised a separate protest in dahanu along with centre of indian trade unions (citu) and the democratic youth federation of india (dyfi).
asking for the state government to defend the forest rights act (fra) while also condemning the proposed amendments to the ifa, the note to the raigad collector said several claims for rights under the fra remain pending in the district, including at the gram panchayat level, while a large number of accepted claims have not been officially certified.
non-tribal forest dwellers claims have not been accepted at all, it said, while those whose claims are accepted are not heard afresh later even if they were granted rights over less land than due to them as per law.
the long-neglected justice for tribals and other traditional forest dwellers remains elusive, the letter said, listing among its demands a complete rollback of proposed amendments to the ifa and a review of all rejected claims under the fra.
advertisingthe ifa amendments proposed by the centre give greater policing powers to the forest department, including through the use of firearms and a veto power to the forest department to override the fra, which includes applying village forests to manage forest resources instead of the gram sabhas as envisioned by the fra.
also, forest land may be opened for commercial exploitation wherever governments think fit.
in dahanu, protesters submitted to officials a list of demands addressed to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
it said that under the fra, rejected claims do not entail evictions and that the law merely certifies an existing right to land and resources that a community has been exercising.
the scs order on july 24 will directly impact over 3 lakh adivasis and forest dwellers, the letter said.
it also said the ifa amendments proposed in march this year will open up forest land for privatisation through its proposal to allow state governments to open patches of forest land for commercial exploitation.
on tuesday, the cpi (m) and the all india kisan sabha will hold a rally at kalwan in nashik district, from where the historic long march of tribals had begun in 2017, to be addressed by cpi (m) politburo member brinda karat, aiks national president dr ashok dhawale and the cpi (m)s seven-term sitting mla of kalwan, j p gavit.
b'the integrated water conservation and management scheme is considered close to cms heart.
the integrated water conservation and management scheme is considered close to cms heart.
jalyukt shivar scheme was undertaken with the objective of making maharashtra free from frequent water scarcity.
the scheme has got the biggest participation from general public, the cm said here after inaugurating a river deepening project under the scheme in aurangabad district.
the integrated water conservation and management scheme is considered close to cms heart.
a total of 20,000 villages are to be brought under the scheme by 2019.
so far 4500 villages got benefited from the scheme, the cm added.
the jalyukt shivar abhiyan project involves deepening and widening of streams, construction of cement and earthen stop dams, work on nullahs and digging of farm ponds.
fadnavis said all gram panchayats in state will be digitalised and connected to concerned ministry by 2018.
navi mumbai municipal commissioner tukaram mundhe has been posted as the new chairman and managing director of pune mahanagar parivahan mahamandal limited (pmpml).
pmpml is the public transport service provider for the city of pune and pune metropolitan region.
five months after the navi mumbai municipal corporation (nmmc) passed a no-confidence motion against him, mundhe was transferred by the state government in a bureaucratic reshuffle on friday.
ias officer n ramaswami will be the new nmmc chief.
ramaswami had been serving as inspector-general of registration and controller of stamp, pune.
the nmmc, in october last year, had passed a no-confidence motion against mundhe, with 104 corporators voting in favour of it, while six opposed it.
a resident of aurangabad, 41-year-old mundhe was chosen by chief minister devendrafadnavis last year, to take charge of the nmmc, which is currently being ruled by the ncp.
mundhe was reportedly brought to instill some discipline into the nmmc, which has been operating like a personal fiefdom of ncp leader ganesh naik.
soon after taking over, mundhe had initiated a slew of disciplinary measures, including the timely arrival of staff in the corporation office, which however offended every party, including the bjp and the shiv sena.
mundhe was deemed to have been fadnaviss blue-eyed boy and inspite of the no-confidence motion, the government had allowed him to retain his place.
however, last week, several shiv senas corporators once again met with senior leaders of the party to air their grievance over the functioning of the nmmc.
b'maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis with bjp president amit shah.
(source: pti/file) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis with bjp president amit shah.
(source: pti/file)the central bjp leadership is in a fix over what action to take against maharashtra minister eknath khadse, who is facing conflict of interest charges in a land deal in pune.
the state party unit has already put the ball in the central leaderships court in this matter.
besides the land deal, khadse is also under the scanner after his mobile number reportedly appeared in the call records of fugitive don dawood ibrahim.
i have submitted a factual report on the matter.
we also discussed the matter.
the party will take appropriate action, fadnavis said.
bjp sources said the party leadership, which has been trying through backroom channels to convince khadse to resign and wait till his name is cleared, is not likely to take action before june 10, when elections to the rajya sabha and maharashtra legislative council will be held.
although the party leadership is keen to protect the bjps anti-corruption image, khadses political clout is making them tread cautiously.
khadse is looked upon as an obc face in maharashtra.
khadse has said the allegations are false and rejected suggestions of staying away till his name is cleared, said a senior party leader who held discussions with the revenue minister.
bjp sources said both modi and shah think the charges against khadse are serious and would harm the partys image.
when the pm proudly projects a transparent and zero-tolerance-towards-corruption policy as the partys main achievement, how can we back a minister facing such serious allegations?
said a senior party leader.
the party feels there has been impropriety in the purchase of land reportedly acquired by state-owned midc at a throwaway price.
the three-acre plot was bought in names of khadses wife mandakini and son-in-law girish chaudhari for rs 3.
75 crore when the market rate was nearly rs 30 crore.
khadse has said he bought the land from a private party and paid stamp duty on the market value.
according to party sources, khadses media statements after he was accused of being in touch with dawood have left the government worried.
modi is learnt to have asked fadnavis about the issue too, besides the land row.
soon after the allegations came to the fore, khadse had said:  i have sought the help of gurumukh jagwani (mlc), whose father is based in pakistan and is connected to political parties to help verify the facts.
khadses decision to contact people overseas without seeking permission from mea or home ministry, has upset the centre, said sources.
we feel matters related to overseas cannot be treated in such casual manner, said a senior bjp leader.
there have been suggestions that khadse could be taken off the revenue department, but the leadership will discuss this with khadse before taking a call, a party leader said.
meanwhile, he added, efforts to convince him to step down to protect the image of the party and maharashtra government will continue.
meanwhile, khadses daughter-in-law raksha khadse, mp from raver constituency, reportedly met the pm thursday and put forward khadses case.
b'nirupam said 18,591 cups of tea were served daily in the office of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(representational photo) nirupam said 18,591 cups of tea were served daily in the office of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(representational photo)after smelling rat in the state secretariat, the maharashtra congress unit on wednesday sought to create a storm in a teacup by accusing the chief ministers office (cmo) of inflated bills on tea and snacks.
citing papers obtained through the right to information (rti) act, mumbai regional congress committee president sanjay nirupam said there was a 577 per cent rise in the bills of tea and snacks served in the chief ministers office.
what tea is the chief minister drinking?
he asked.
information obtained under the rti has revealed that the expenditure on tea and snacks in the chief ministers office (cmo) rose from around rs 58 lakh in 2015-16 to rs 3.
34 crore in 2017-18, a dramatic increase of 577 per cent, the congress leader said.
the rti document shows a steady increase in the amount of money spent on tea consumption in the chief ministers office, he said.
the allegation by the mumbai regional congress committee president follows charges of large-scale irregularities in a contract awarded to kill rodents inside the mantralaya, the state secretariat in south mumbai.
nirupam said 18,591 cups of tea were served daily in the office of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
what kind of tea is devendrafadnavis drinking?
we have heard of green tea, yellow tea and so on.
but fadnavis seems to be drinking some kind of golden tea.
i cannot imagine this huge expenditure on tea when farmers are dying in maharashtra on a daily basis, he said.
on one hand, prime minister narendra modi takes great pride in saying that he was a chaiwala (tea seller).
fadnavis seems to have taken this a bit too far since the chai he is drinking cannot be sold at a regular tea stall, he said.
the former parliamentarian added that both modi and fadnavis were taking the country for a ride in the name of chai.
there has been no response so far from the chief ministers office to the congress leaders claims.
b'khobragade was suffering from complications arising out of a crippling paralysis.
(file photo) khobragade was suffering from complications arising out of a crippling paralysis.
(file photo)dadaji ramaji khobragade, an award-winning dalit rice innovator, died at a hospital at shodhgram, run by health activists abhay and rani bang in gadchiroli on sunday.
khobragade was suffering from complications arising out of a crippling paralysis.
khobragade, 79, a resident of nanded village in nagbhid tahsil of chandrapur district, is largely credited for developing the famous hmt variety of rice.
but the state agriculture university of panjabrao krishi vidyapeeth (pkv) had released the variety under the name pkv hmt, claiming it to be its own.
khobragade fought a long unsuccessful battle with the university but to no avail.
the indian express was one of the earliest to report khobragades travails.
khobragade later went on to develop seven more varieties, winning the national innovation foundations award in 2005 for original innovation.
a poor farmer with just 1.
5 acres of land, dadaji had imbibed the habit of research from his father, who would always preserve distinct looking grains to grow on his field in the next season.
around 1983, dadaji had noticed some rice, which was grey-yellowish in colour and smaller in size.
he preserved them and sowed them in the next season.
he went on increasing the yield and by 1988, it was being grown by many farmers in the area.
a trader at a nearby market yard purchased a few bags of seeds from dadaji and named it hmt after his newly-bought wrist watch of the then famous brand.
since then it became famous as hmt rice.
it became popular for its distinct taste and scent and farmers all over the district and other places stated growing it.
the pkv, however, continued to claim that it purified the seeds taken from dadaji and developed it as a stable variety, which is not possible for a farmer.
in 2006, the maharashtra government gave him the krushi bhushan puraskar that later became controversial due to the gold medal turning out to be actually a copper one.
the government had constituted an inquiry and had made amends by replacing the medal with genuine gold.
in his last few years, dadaji lived a life of penury and was helped by a digital marketing consultant, sukhada chaudhary, through a crowd-funding appeal on facebook.
rs 7 lakh was collected within 15 days but dadaji couldnt recover from his illness.
the money gave the confidence to the family to try giving him every possible treatment available.
but unfortunately he couldnt be saved, chaudhary said.
dadajis grandson deepak said, he had sought a house and 20 acre land from the state government by writing to chief minister devendrafadnavis and finance minister sudhir mungantiwar.
nothing has been heard from them yet except for rs 2 lakh, which the government provided for his treatment.
dadaji was cremated on monday in presence of hundreds of people and with north nagpur bjp mla milind mane, former mla wanmanrao chatak and several other political activists from various parties in attendance.
the project will connect bhaucha dhakka (in pic) to nerul.
file photo the project will connect bhaucha dhakka (in pic) to nerul.
the emphasis on water transport is to ease traffic congestion along the eastern coast.
the decision to expedite the project comes as the navi mumbai international airport is expected to begin first phase operations by 2019.
the government wants to complete the east coast waterways to reduce travel time and provide an alternative mode of transport through waterways, along with the existing local train services on the harbour line and central line.
after the east coast, there are plans to explore the waterfront along the western coast between nariman point and borivli.
fadnavis said, the infrastructure sub-committee has already given its nod and cidco has begun the process for the project, for which rs 136 crore has been set aside.
the project will connect ferry wharf (bhaucha dhakka) and belapur, nerul, vashi and mandva.
the state government, along with mmb, has got all clearances and there will be division of work on construction of jetty at nerul, mandva and ferry, the chief minister said.
the water terminal at mandva will be constructed by the mumbai maritime board (mmb), the nodal agency for the project.
the mumbai port trust (mbpt) will build the jetty at ferry wharf.
the cidco will construct the jetty at nerul.
watch video: whats making newsalong with construction of ferry terminals, the process of releasing bids to award contracts for resuming waterways operations and their maintenance would be carried out.
the government has stated that it would incorporate all parameters related to quality catamarans/ ro ro services and maintenance of water services when they become operational for daily passengers.
the cm was speaking in the assembly, responding to a question by mla sandeep naik.
earlier, opposition leader radhakrishna vikhe-patil suggested that the water transport plan should ensure adequate passenger safety.
senior ncp leader ajit pawar pointed out that earlier, the centre had disallowed the construction of a jetty at the gateway of india citing security reasons and also the unmanageable crowd.
the opposition ncp in the pune municipal corporation (pmc) has urged the state to extend the deadline for submitting suggestions and objections on the changes made in the development plan of the old part of the city.
in a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , city ncp chief and rajya sabha mp vandana chavan said the maps published by the pmc on the development plan of the city are not clear and are in black-and-white format, making them difficult for residents to understand.
good-quality maps should be made available for the citizens to understand them, chavan said, adding there were 851 reservation plots in the development plan approved by the state government recently.
the government has included 270 reservations deleted by the three-member expert committee in the development plan, chavan said, adding the government was seeking suggestions and objections as it has made more than 10 per cent changes in the development plan.
many people wished to put up their opinion on the development plan, the mp said, but would be unable to participate unless the government allowed them to effectively study the development plan it had approved.
there have been only 255 suggestion and objections submitted so far, which are very few.
also, the last date for submitting them is april 15.
the deadline should be extended, chavan said.
i would like to thank the farmers.
we have heard of a green revolution but the farmers of maharashtra have shown that those who can bring about a green revolution can also cause a revolution.
(photo: pti) i would like to thank the farmers.
we have heard of a green revolution but the farmers of maharashtra have shown that those who can bring about a green revolution can also cause a revolution.
(photo: pti)shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray today warned ally bjp that his party would take a big step if the loan waiver for farmers announced by the maharashtra government is not implemented by next month.
terming the announcement of a complete loan waiver as a victory of farmers unity, he said, our demand is very clear.
we want their loans to be written off completely, he said.
speaking to reporters here, after meeting farmers from across the state, including puntamba village, uddhav said, i would like to thank the farmers.
we have heard of a green revolution but the farmers of maharashtra have shown that those who can bring about a green revolution can also cause a revolution.
i dont believe in the word karz mafi it should be called as karz mukti.
mafi is given to those who have committed a crime.
farmers have not committed any crime but have brought about a revolution, the sena chief said.
uddhav said, i congratulate the maharashtra government.
this is a moment to be celebrated, but most importantly, fast implementation of the announcement is necessary.
loan waiver has been announced now.
we will be patient enough to wait now and give the government time until july to implement its announcement.
if they do not do so, a big step will be taken next month, he said.
meanwhile, a farmer who was present at the event said they met the sena president to thank him for his support to their stir.
his support forced the government to give us a loan waiver.
we give full credit to uddhav ji and the shiv sena, he said.
earlier in the day, the shiv sena had said the loan waiver decision was due to its constant throttling of the maharashtra government and the party has opted to remain in power to shake the chair of lazy persons.
it was second time lucky for suresh khade.
the three-term bjp legislator from miraj in sangli has finally got a berth in the states cabinet.
in 2014, when the devendrafadnavis government won power in the state, khade was confident of finding a space in the chief ministers cabinet.
tales abound the corridors of power that he had even got a special suit designed for him ahead of the swearing-in.
the jinx was finally broken this time.
stung once, khade decided to keep it simple this time.
there was no order placed for a special suit, confirmed sources close to him.
alliance politicsadvertisingaccording to sources, shivsangram leader vinayak mete has lost favour with chief minister devendra fadnavis.
his party hasnt been given any representation in the fadnavis government.
fadnaviss decision to induct metes political rival jaydutt kshirsagar as a shiv sena nominee has also put him in a fix in his native constituency of beed.
following differences with senior minister pankaja munde, mete had campaigned against the bjp in the lok sabha election in the constituency.
this hasnt gone down too well with fadnavis, confirmed source.
hours after the cabinet expansion, mete made his displeasure known with an emotional post on facebook.
buying peaceall is not well within the shiv sena.
a new tussle for power has broken out within the party.
if sources are to be believed, the shiv sena was offered the deputy chief ministers post in the fadnavis government.
but party president uddhav thackeray was forced to turn it down to avoid tensions within his party to escalate.
while a section within the party wanted elevation of industries minister subhash desai to the post, a majority of the partys mlas had backed eknath shindes name.
the latters supporters even gathered outside matoshri last thursday, in what was seen as a show of strength.
this isnt the first occasion when the partys election representatives have objected to the elevation of non-elected individuals in ministerial positions.
most sena ministers in the fadnavis government are members of the upper house.
out you gochief minister devendrafadnavis is unhappy with the functioning of the social justice department.
so much so that four months before the state polls, he has shown the door to both the ministers of the department.
rajkumar badole, who was holding the cabinet ministers rank, and his deputy, dilip kamble, were dropped on sunday.
according to sources, the cmo wants to speed up welfare measures undertaken through the department, and has opted to task a brand-new team with the job.
sources said the decision to drop kamble was taken at the last-minute.
he was recently booked in a cheating case.
backburnerthe much-awaited reshuffle of senior bureaucrats has been pushed back for now.
with the monsoon session of the state legislature commencing monday, senior sources in the state administration said a decision in this regard would possibly be taken only after it ends.
several senior bureaucrats in mantralaya have completed more than three years on the same post.
b'prime minister narendra modi will visit pune on saturday.
prime minister narendra modi will visit pune on saturday.
with non-bjp parties threatening to boycott prime minister narendra modis function in the city on saturday to mark the first anniversary of the smart city mission over the non-inclusion of pune mayors name in the list of invitees, chief minister devendrafadnavis intervened friday evening to defuse the situation after which the mayor was given a green signal by his party ncp to attend the function.
city ncp chief vandana chavan said the party had decided that the mayor, prashant jagtap, would be present at the pm function since the chief minister had ordered a probe to find out how the mayors name was missing from the list of invitees.
watch video: whats making newsthe chief minister has said that non-inclusion of mayors name in the invitation card happened unknowingly.
an inquiry has been ordered, so mayor would be present for the function.
however, no other ncp corporator would attend the function, she said.
earlier, ncp, congress, mns and shiv sena had decided to boycott the function.
laxmikant deshmukh, former chairman of all india marathi literature meet, and working president of marathichya bhalyasathi (a platform for development of marathi) talks to the indian express about the announcement made by chief minister devendrafadnavis of making marathi compulsory in schools of all boards, promotion of the language and the newly introduced method of reading and writing number names in class ii.
excerpts from the interview:advertisingtwo days back, the chief minister announced in the legislative assembly that teaching marathi will be compulsory in schools of all boards in the state.
your comment.
i welcome the announcement on the floor of the house.
so far, he gave us assurances in our meetings.
now, we will just wait to see that the announcement is converted into law soon.
we have demanded a law as we feel that marathi should have primacy in the state.
is it enough to make the language compulsory or do we need other measures to promote the language among children?
advertisingonly making marathi compulsory in schools is not enough to promote it among children.
it just means that we have won half the battle.
then, we need to improve the quality of education in marathi schools.
most marathi schools are run by municipal corporations, councils and zilla parishads and they invest little in them.
so, the quality is far from satisfactory.
besides, we should also go for digital schools to improve the quality of education.
there should be efforts to in improve the quality of marathi schools, which should be at par with english schools.
when most parents want children to study in english schools, what else can be done to keep parents and kids interested in marathi?
because of good prospects and career opportunities, they are opting for english.
but they will not oppose learning marathi as a subject.
why do you think children choose a foreign language but not marathi?
why is marathi not attractive as an optional subject?
why should it be compulsory?
there are two to three reasons behind this.
first, the mentality of the parents that if kids learn a foreign language, they can get good jobs abroad.
but the children can learn a foreign language at the college level as well.
it should not be part of school education.
the government has adopted three-language policy  english, hindi and marathi (or local language).
besides, the english schools do not give a choice to children to choose the third language but force them to select one from the available options due to commercial reasons.
broadly, it is a problem in cities like mumbai and pune.
not only marathi, but all other indian languages are being ignored because of english and hindi.
that is a national phenomenon.
and one of the reasons is that we have not made enough efforts to make marathi the language of knowledge.
during the rule of the nizam, urdu was compulsory in schools and colleges.
there were instances of doctors and lawyers completing their education in urdu.
so, if there is a will, the language can be made attractive.
basically, the learning should be in the mother tongue.
that is a worldwide phenomenon.
only in india, we learn higher education and science and technology in english language.
you and many others are holding a protest at azad maidan.
what are your demands?
under the platform of marathichya bhalyasathi, we have submitted a charter of six demands to the state government.
first, we have asked the government to enact a law to make marathi compulsory from classes i to xii in all medium schools in the state.
second, we have demanded that the government should establish a marathi development authority, on the lines of kannada development authority, that will have quasi-judicial powers.
the body can recommend programmes and policies to make marathi a part of all walks of life.
besides, we have also asked the government to ensure the use of marathi in administration, central establishments and share market, to inculcate reading habits among children from schools, to set up a marathi language bhavan to have all the offices working for it under one roof, improve the quality of education of marathi schools by investing heavily to compete with private english schools, and to give the status of classical language to marathi.
bal bharati has introduced a new reading and writing method for number names in the class ii mathematics book, saying that it will make learning numbers easier for students.
your comment.
in my personal capacity (and not on behalf of the marathichya bhalyasathi platform), i welcome the decision.
because, most students in the state fail in english and mathematics.
if the students are unable to understand mathematics properly, they wont be able to gain mastery in mathematics and science.
besides, the decision is taken by an expert committee headed by mangala narlikar.
so, we should not mix the study of marathi with teaching methods of mathematics.
it is not against the marathi language.
on monday afternoon in mattancherrys popular jew town, kashmiri traders, dealing for decades in handicrafts, papier-mache items and pashmina shawls, were lost in their cell-phones.
they sat on wooden stools outside their shops, keenly following the proceedings in the rajya sabha where a bill to bifurcate their home-state was passed.
some of them were also plugged into the news to find out if communication lines were open in the valley.
after all, it had been more than 12 hours since they spoke to their families back home.
advertisingin 30 years of conflict in kashmir, landline phones have never been blocked.
last night, even that happened.
when youre sitting so far away from kashmir and you dont know whats happening to your families, its a horrifying feeling.
it is like sitting on a time-bomb and waiting for it to burst.
it is a very difficult emotion, of not being able to do anything.
i worry for my family, said sajid khatai, who arrived in kochi in kerala at the age of 21 after his uncle began a business here.
read in malayalamsajid said he last spoke to his elderly parents, both in their 70s residing in srinagar, over phone sunday night.
i knew there was some kind of trouble.
we initially thought the build-up of army troops was a response to some kind of infiltration.
we thought there were security apprehensions.
but this (scrapping of article 370) is a shock to us.
its like a theft in the middle of the night, he said.
by monday evening, the rajya sabha had passed the jammu & kashmir reorganisation bill, which proposes the bifurcation of the state into two union territories  j&k and ladakh.
hours before, the government had announced that it had modified article 370 which granted special autonomous status to the state.
advertisingfor kashmir traders in kochi, all in their 40s and 50s who have settled down here with their families, the thought of their elderly parents at home in the middle of a highly-conflicted and charged up situation is disconcerting.
in a curfew-like environment, getting medical help or basic provisions can be daunting.
i feel more at home in kerala than kashmir, because i have lived here for the last 20 years.
but my parents have the natural urge to die in their homeland.
my father is 71 and my mother is 65 and they have medical issues.
if they venture out in this condition, they will get into trouble, said muqhtar ahmad, who runs a shop selling kashmiri carpets, shawls and precious jewellery.
nasar hussain, who has been doing business on jew town for the last 20 years, said he has barely slept for the last two days.
he has his elderly parents, siblings and relatives in srinagar whom he has not been able to contact since sunday night.
while normal business played out in jew street on monday, his mind and heart was elsewhere.
is this (scrapping of art 370) how it should be done?
shouldnt it be done through debates and discussions?
they have shut down the entire valley.
theres no way to communicate with our families.
we dont know whats happening so we follow the media, he quipped.
in my opinion, its going to get much worse, he said.
hussain has reasons to worry.
his younger cousin brother, whos currently in kochi, is slated to get married in srinagar on august 20.
but he doesnt know whether its safe to send his brother home.
hes set to fly day after tomorrow and we were planning to go later.
but now, i dont know what to do.
we dont even know whether the wedding will take place at all.
everything is so baffling.
from the statespunjab: the state government prohibited any kind of celebrations or protests that could vitiate the atmosphere.
chief minister amarinder singh directed the police to be prepared to thwart any attempts by pakistan to create disturbance.
he flayed the manner in which the centre imposed the decision, saying the democratic fabric of the nation has been ripped apart with this unprecedented violation of the constitutional norms.
uttar pradesh: deputy cm dinesh sharma on monday termed the governments move as historic and said it is a bold step to strengthen the unity and integrity of the country.
while introducing the bill, home minister amit shah was looking like sardar vallabhbhai patel, said sharma.
strict directives were issued to police to maintain vigil.
haryana: the haryana assembly passed a resolution by voice vote thanking the narendra modi governments decision to scrap special status for j&k.
congress leader bhupinder singh hooda supported the move but asked if the bjp would fulfil promises made to haryana in its manifesto.
inld leader abhay chautala also supported the centres decision, but said that similar provisions in states such as himachal pradesh should also be scrapped.
speaker kanwarpal said that buying land in himachal cannot be compared with article 370.
gujarat: chief minister vijay rupani welcomed the centres move, saying it was a historic and brave decision.
terming kashmir as the crown of india, rupani said the governments decision was a befitting tribute to jan sangh founder syama prasad mookerjee.
telangana: the ruling trs supported the move and its rajya sabha mps voted in favour of the government but the party did not make any announcement publicly.
dgp m mahender reddy said a ban has been imposed on meetings in areas under hyderabad, cyberabad and rachakonda police after the mha issued an advisory to all the states to put the police and security forces on high alert.
speaking in chandrapur during his mahajanadesh yatra, he said prime minister modi and home minister amit shah must be congratulated.
president of the shiv senas youth wing, aaditya thackeray.
president of the shiv senas youth wing, aaditya thackeray.
yuva sena leader aaditya thackeray met governor ch vidyasagar rao to oppose alleged moves to monetise the mumbai port trust and salt pan lands in mumbai.
we seek your intervention to ensure that land under mbpt is not grabbed by land sharks.
the current residents of mbpt need to be heard.
the citys needs must be kept in view, rather than hand over land to builders.
construction on salt pan lands and the east coast will only add to the woes of the city, thackeray said in a letter submitted to the governor.
watch video | rng awards: narendra modi on role of mediathe letter also states that another forested area in the city at aarey would get disturbed by the metro project proposal.
what hurts the city are impatient and impulsive decisions like these, when the metro could have been easily shifted to a nearby private golf course, states the letter.
thackeray has been at the forefront in taking on the bjp on moves to free up mbpt and salt pan lands in mumbai.
earlier, shiv sena legislator and former mayor sunil prabhu had written to chief minister devendrafadnavis urging him to prevent the sale of salt pan land to builders.
bjp president amit shah shah.
(file photo) bjp president amit shah shah.
(file photo)as part of his 90-day tour across various states, bjp president amit shah will be in mumbai from june 16 to 19, meeting party leaders and workers, besides corporate czars, intellectuals and bollywood bigwigs.
he is likely to meet leaders of the nda allies, too, during his three-day visit.
highly placed sources in the bjp said, the possibility of shah holding meetings with nda allies is not being ruled out.
this indicated that there is a possibility of shah meeting with shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, swabhimani shetkari sanghatana president raju shetti, rashtriya samaj partys mahadeo jankar, republican party of india (a) chief and union minister for social justice ramdas athavale.
a senior party functionary said, there are 24 to 28 meetings shortlisted at the moment.
highly placed sources said, a power point presentation to highlight the policy reforms of the state government in maharashtra will be the highlight.
it would outline the core sectors where the government, keeping with the pace of centre, has taken decisions in agriculture, energy, infrastructure and social sectors.
separate meetings with bjp ministers, members of state legislative assembly and council, and members of parliament have been chalked out.
a senior cabinet minister said, all the cabinet ministers (bjp) were told to remain present in mumbai between june 16 and 18.
party insiders said, the purpose of the tour is to know the organisational strengths and weaknesses and undertake course corrections wherever necessary.
the district-wise reports on vistar yatra, the partys expansion drive undertaken by 20,000 workers across 90,000 booths in maharashtra, will be discussed.
last fortnight, the party had tried to connect with every household through the vistar yatra.
taking a feedback on how people perceive the governments policies, both central and state, is one of the aims of the tour.
according to a party spokesperson, in the last two weeks, we reached taluka-wise to apprise people of the policies of prime minister narendra modis government at the centre and chief minister devendrafadnavis government in maharashtra.
during his tour across the country, shah has devoted three days to bigger states like maharashtra.
his tour to smaller states like goa will wind up in just one day.
a farmer who owns business that generates substantial income, professionals and income tax payers have been dropped from the beneficiary category.
(representational image_ a farmer who owns business that generates substantial income, professionals and income tax payers have been dropped from the beneficiary category.
(representational image_the maharashtra government has decided to immediately allocate rs 10,000 crop loan for kharif sowing to all debt-ridden farmers and not confine the scheme to small and marginal category.
the changes were incorporated by chief minister devendrafadnavis after the core committee recommended allocation of rs 10,000 to small and marginal farmers only.
highly placed sources in the core committee said a draft mooted by the ministry of cooperation and marketing led by subash deshmukh had recommended that the financial help should be confined to small and marginal farmers with landholding less than five acres.
the decision was taken after consultation with revenue minister chandrakant patil, said a member of the committee.
however, when the proposal was brought for the cms approval, he replaced marginal and small farmers with all debt-ridden farmers.
speaking to the indian express, deshmukh said: the crop loan disbursement through district cooperative and commercial banks for the kharif season is only 21 per cent in mid-june.
as against the target of rs 40,547 crore, the crop loan disbursed has been rs 8,332 crore.
the copy of the government resolution circulated by the cooperation ministry said the state had directed all the district cooperative, national and commercial banks to provide financial help to farmers.
it has also enlisted the eligibility criteria, stating that politicians, including ministers, elected representatives and corporators, directors and managing committee members of the cooperative network, directors and higher officials of agriculture produce market committees would not be eligible for help.
a farmer who owns business that generates substantial income, professionals and income tax payers have been dropped from the beneficiary category.
individuals who own four-wheelers and are financially prosperous would also be denied the help.
however, farmers owning tractors used for farming activities would be considered for the aid.
fadnavis said: i have directed the officials to ensure each and every needy and deserving farmer gets the loan waiver.
at the same time, i have also told them to exercise utmost caution to ensure those financially prosperous or with other sources of income dont exploit the scheme.
another decision has been taken to get a consent from national and commercial banks to tie up with 14 district central cooperative banks with low liquidity to ensure crop loan disbursement to farmers in rural areas is not affected.
there are 31 districts cooperative banks across maharashtra.
of them, 14 are facing huge financial crunch but have robust infrastructure and manpower.
the cm suggested that national/commercial banks should use district central cooperative banks network to reach the farmers.
the state government has decided to start a special housing scheme for adivasis or tribals to ensure shelter for all by year 2019.
the ministry of tribal welfare will be the nodal agency for which the special allocation of funds to gram panchayats would be provided.
we are striving hard to attain the goal.
we reckon the special requirements catering to local requirements and lifestyle of the adivasis will have to be considered, he said.
while announcing the decision to set up a gondwana research centre to preserve the rich cultural heritage of the tribals, fadnavis said, an integrated development work for tribal belt spread across 13 districts of maharashtra is underway.
the government has already implemented the panchayats (extension of scheduled areas) act (pesa), an act adopted by the centre to empower tribal gram panchayats.
the state government on monday waived crop loans of farmers for up to one hectare in the flood-affected areas.
the decision was announced by chief minister devendrafadnavis after the cabinet sub-committee meeting in mumbai.
banks give crop loans to farmers hectare-wise as per their requirements.
the government has decided to waive the crop loans of farmers for up to one hectare in the flood-affected districts of maharashtra, he said.
advertisingon an average, crop loans availed by farmers per hectare varies between rs 50,000 and rs 2 lakh.
farmers who have not taken crop loans will be given financial assistance three times higher than the official compensation to cope with crop losses.
the meeting also decided that every collapsed or damaged house would be rebuilt under the prime minister awas yojna.
apart from the centres scheme, the state government will also provide compensation for housing to rehabilitate the flood-affected people.
as the construction of houses will take six months to one year, the government has made provision to meet the rental expenses of the flood-affected.
people in rural areas will get one-time compensation of rs 24,000 and in urban areas rs 36,000.
it has also been decided to waive the electricity bills of farmers using agriculture pumps for the next three months.
foodgrains will be provided free of cost for three months to the affected people.
financial help will be extended for cattle and sheds.
documents lost in the floods will be provided anew.
although the process of ascertaining the quantum of damage is still being worked out, the state government has sent a proposal to the centre seeking rs 6,800 crore financial help.
sangli and kolhapur districts are among the worst affected in western maharashtra.
various ngos have expressed willingness to adopt villages for relief and rehabilitation work.
advertisingmeanwhile, fadnavis has urged union finance minister nirmala sitharaman to extend the deadline for filing of i-t returns and gst by three months in the flood-hit regions.
all small traders will be compensated up to 75 per cent of the losses or provided funds up to rs 50,000.
meanwhile, the state government has constituted a committee to come up with solutions for effectively tackling floods in future.
the committee will be headed by former principal secretary (water resources) nandkumar wadnere.
water management expert pradeep purandare and central water commissions chief nityanand rai will be among its members.
former maharashtra chief minister prithviraj chavan on tuesday accused the ruling bjp of misusing power to finish off the opposition.
advertisingpolitical parties are at the heart of our parliamentary democracy.
but this itself is under threat now.
an attempt is being made to take the country towards one-party rule, which we are opposing, said chavan, while interacting with the press in mumbai.
he also accused the bjp of employing all sorts of saam (ask), daam (money), dand (punish), bhed (blackmail) to finish-off the opposition.
his accusation comes against the backdrop of the arrests of former union finance minister p chidambaram and former karnataka minister d k shivakumar, and the ongoing trend of mass exodus of legislators from the congress and the ncp in poll-bound maharashtra.
advertisingon tuesday, former mumbai congress president kripashankar singh, who had last year been discharged in an alleged disproportionate assets case, quit the party.
he is tipped to join the bjp.
harshavardhan patil, who was a cabinet minister in the prithviraj chavan government, is likely to join the bjp on wednesday.
earlier on monday, chavans close-aide, anandrao patil, a congress legislator, met chief minister devendrafadnavis , sparking speculations over his likely defection too.
chavan, who also heads congress manifesto committee for the upcoming state polls, said that his party had plans to make this attack on the democracy an issue in the election campaign.
the former cm also targeted the government over job loss and downturn of the indian economy.
blaming the incorrect policies of the government for the state of affairs, chavan demanded slashing of gst rates for the struggling automobile and construction sectors.
the indian economy has lost traction.
the economic growth rate has slipped to its lowest in six years.
the manufacturing sector has taken a big hit, he said, while the agricultural economy remains in doldrums.
accusing the government of concealing statistics regarding job generation and job loss, chavan alleged that in the automobile sector alone 2.
5 lakh jobs had been lost so far.
the figure might rise to 10 lakh if the government does not take immediate corrective measures.
close to 100 showrooms in mumbai, thane, and pune had shut down, he said.
referring to a reserve bank of india report that claimed that rs 71,543 crore work of frauds were detected in 2018-19, chavan demanded that those behind it be held accountable.
the rbi report had claimed that 90 per cent of these detections were in government sector banks.
the development of 24 townships along the 710 km stretch of nagpur-mumbai supercommunication expressway will require rs 12,000 crore.
the state government has agreed to provide rs 500 crore for each township (node) along its ambitions project and is working on a draft model focused on agro-industries.
however, every node may have a different characteristic depending on geographical and local requirements.
the move will witness development of industrial training institutes (itis), cold storages, and food processing units among others.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed the authorities to expedite the planning to facilitate its execution by october-november 2016.
taking the initiative, fadnavis on friday held interactions with elected members representing parliament and state assembly to elicit their views and also dispel apprehensions related to the project which would require acquisition of 20,000 hectares of land as it navigates through more than ten districts including nagpur, wardha, buldhana, amravati, thane, washim, mumbai, bhiwandi, aurangabad and akola.
it will cover 27 talukas and 350 villages.
watch video: whats making newslast week, the chief minister had announced that a project titled nagpur-mumbai maharashtra samrudhhi mahamarg will adopt land pooling model which makes farmers/landowners stakeholders in the project.
also it has been pointed that out of 20,000 hectares of land, only 1600 hectares are irrigated.
the remaining 18,400 hectares are non-irrigated and barren.
a senior (mla) said, majority of questions related to the project was over land acquisition process.
the emphasis was that farmers land acquired for the project should not render him without any agriculture activities.
secondly, industrial units should correlate with the agriculture activities in the region.
fadnavis said, the primary objective of the government in promoting the project is transformation of 14 drought districts into economic prosperity.
the development model will emphasise on strengthening agriculture and industrial activities in the districts.
it was also explained that land pooling model was given the consent as it makes farmers/ land owners stakeholders and ensures developed land is returned to them to enable higher long-term dividends, which is many a time more than the financial compensation package.
fadnavis appealed all political parties to support the project for changing lives of people through development.
the 710 km project will bring travel time between nagpur-mumbai to eight hours from current 16 hours.
in the monsoon session, commencing on july 18, the state government is planning to bring an amendment in the maharashtra state highway act to incorporate land pooling model, being accepted in all states across the country.
during the presentation, it was emphasised that in the land pooling model, farmers are assured greater remuneration.
the model enables the farmers/ land owners to voluntarily sign ownership rights with a government authority or a single agency.
it is then the responsibility of the authority to develop the land with all basic amenities and infrastructure namely water supply, sewage lines, electricity, concrete roads, transport facilities among others.
every farmer/ land owner is returned developed plots in accordance to ratio of land acquired, which helps them to earn a sustained income as, after getting developed land price escalates and matches the market rates.
b'maharashtra govt is studying the report and will soon share report with mha.
there are certain activities attributed to zakir naik as well.
in consultation with mha, we will decide the further course of action which we need to take, said cm fadnavis.
maharashtra govt is studying the report and will soon share report with mha.
there are certain activities attributed to zakir naik as well.
in consultation with mha, we will decide the further course of action which we need to take, said cm fadnavis.
maharashtra police on tuesday submitted its report on controversial islamic preacher zakir naik to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the report points out many unlawful activities pertaining to the organisation of which zakir naik is the leader, according to fadnavis.
government has received a report on zakir naik from commissioner of police of mumbai.
there are many indictments in the report.
many unlawful activities have been pointed out pertaining to the organisation of which zakir naik is the leader, said the chief minister.
fadnavis said that certain activities are attributed to zakir naik as well in the report.
maharashtra govt is studying the report and will soon share report with mha.
there are certain activities attributed to zakir naik as well.
in consultation with mha, we will decide the further course of action which we need to take, said fadnavis.
the maharashtra police initiated action against naik after reports suggested that bangladeshi militants who hacked to death 20 people at a restaurant in dhakas diplomatic zone used to follow zakir naik.
also read| zakir naik under scanner: making a case, officials list 55 terror accused he inspirednaik, a popular but controversial islamic orator and founder of mumbai-based islamic research foundation, is banned in uk and canada for his hate speech aimed against other religions.
he is among 16 banned islamic scholars in malaysia.
he is wildly popular in bangladesh through his peace tv although his preaching often demeans other religions and even other muslim sects, the report said.
with his speeches and teachings, naik has garnered over 14 million followers on facebook and around 200 million viewers of peace tv.
he is a self-proclaimed follower of the late south african preacher ahmed deedat.
doctors at the district level are embroiled in a legal battle with the state government over the extension of retirement age in the state.
after the public health department initiated a proposal to increase the retirement age of top-level medical officers from 60 to 65 in may, many district-level doctors pegged it as a case of selective bias, saying it has hampered the long-pending promotions of doctors ranked lower.
advertisingin a petition filed before the aurangabad bench of the bombay high court in may, doctors have demanded the quashing of the proposal to increase the retirement age of class i medical officers.
another petition filed last year challenges two government resolutions (2015 and 2018) that extended the retirement age of many senior doctors from 58 to 60.
on may 31, close to 150 doctors occupying the posts of joint director, deputy director, district health officer, civil surgeon, whose retirement was due got an extension to work after the state government extended retirement age.
advertisingbut another 200 medical officers occupying lower posts were relieved on may 31.
there is disparity in the system, said dr radhakishan pawar, president of the district health officers association.
the association has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis , highlighting the issue.
another doctor, based out of thane, said the retirement age has only been increased for group a (class i) officers.
either the retirement age should be increased uniformly for all doctors or for none.
this selective bias has affected our chances of promotion, the doctor said.
the group a comprises director, civil surgeon, district health officer, joint director and deputy director postings.
group b are mostly rural and tribal doctors with bms or bams degrees.
on august 29, 2018, the state government passed a government resolution (gr) to extend the retirement age from 58 to 60 for 144 doctors, belonging to group a, all occupying plush posts in the directorate of health services (dhs).
in 2015, a similar gr was passed to benefit 250 doctors.
in the gr, the public health department observed that there is already a dearth of doctors and it was facing difficulty in filling up rural postings, and increasing the retirement age will help prolong service.
in may, the dhs asked its deputy directors to provide a list of medical officers from group a and group b, so as to formulate a proposal for extending the retirement age from 60 to 65.
but only those doctors belonging to group a are given an extension, those in group b are ignored, a district health officer said.
a writ petition, filed by dr s kadam, challenges the 2018 gr, stating that it is illegal to selectively allow certain retired doctors to continue service.
dr anup kumar yadav, director in-charge of the dhs, said a proposal had been mooted to increase the retirement age to 65.
the dhs has submitted its response to the state government.
we have advised against increasing the retirement age, he said.
according to dhs officials, top-level officers remain divided on the extension of retirement age for just group a doctors.
last month, prime minister narendra modi announced there is a need to raise the retirement age of all non-teaching doctors to 65 to plug the increasing doctor-patient ratio.
b'the dgp maharashtra police said that transparency would be increased in the department and chief minister devendrafadnavis will soon address the top police brass.
the dgp maharashtra police said that transparency would be increased in the department and chief minister devendrafadnavis will soon address the top police brass.
under its new dgp, maharashtra police is working on a two-pronged strategy of improving intelligence gathering about terror groups and connecting better with citizens.
the anti-terrorism squad (ats) is also being equipped with modern gadgets and a strategy is being firmed up to effectively counter propaganda from outfits like isis, said satish mathur, who took over as dgp a week ago.
as a first step, police personnel will visit each and every household in their jurisdiction to connect with people to get real-time intelligence inputs from society about anti-social and terror activities, he told reporters last night.
at another level, ats will be equipped with modern gadgets to counter any emergency situation, he said.
on his maiden visit as dgp to nagpur, mathur said a strategy is being readied to counter propaganda of isis and will be implemented soon.
in an effort to improve policing and re-establish their connect with people, the dgp said, every personnel will inquire from citizens about their grievances and leave his/her phone number with them.
this baby step will have a huge positive impact on society.
this will not only improve the image of police but also strengthen intelligence gathering network.
on tackling naxal threat, the 1981-batch ips officer said police have gained upper hand in their fight against maoists, who are active in a few districts of vidarbha.
covert and overt operations will be launched to further weaken them.
two types of operations would be launched against naxals  secret and open.
armed out-posts (aops) are being increased in gadchiroli district to enlarge police presence there.
watch video: whats making newsalso, financial aid is being provided to the families of policemen martyred during naxal operations, said mathur.
new safety equipment are being procured to protect policemen operating in the naxal-hit areas, said the dgp, who will have a 22-month tenure.
mathur said his other priorities include increasing transparency in policing, improving service delivery and providing better working condition to police staff.
transparency would be increased in the department.
chief minister devendrafadnavis will soon address the top police brass, said mathur.
advertisingon the sixth day of his mahajanadesh yatra from yavatmal to akola on tuesday, fadnavis said this was an utter disregard for the public mandate, describing the congress-ncp as power-drunk.
travelling through the districts of yavatmal, washim and akola, spanning 157 km and covering three assembly constituencies, fadnavis held public rallies and roadshows.
targeting the opposition, he said, when you undermine the peoples mandate and show your disregard, they will spring a surprise and show the opposition their rightful place in the assembly polls.
advertisingthe chief minister also said the opposition was leaderless and rahul gandhi had resigned from the post of president of the congress, refusing to shoulder any responsibility.
it is almost two months.
he has asked other leaders to take charge.
but nobody is willing to do so, he said.
fadnavis did not spare the ncp as well.
he said, sharad pawar is helpless.
he is running helter-skelter pleading with his party members to not quit.
but nobody is listening to him.
everyday, ncp leaders and office-bearers are leaving the organisation.
the cm has focused on presenting the agenda of development throughout the tour but has not stopped himself from taking potshots at the opposition.
on the opposition demanding the removal of evms from the electoral process, he said the opposition did not take up public causes and was instead agitating against evms.he further said the bjp had always believed in struggle and communication.
when we were the opposition, we did sangharsh.
now when we are ruling, we are engaged in samvad, he added.
police at the spot where the girl was attacked.
rajesh stephan police at the spot where the girl was attacked.
rajesh stephanthe 22-year-old daughter of an mla who is pursuing her masters in business administration (mba) from a private college in pune, was allegedly attacked with a sharp weapon by her classmate near her college monday morning.
taking quick action, police arrested the boy and booked him on attempt to murder charges.
later, the police added section 354d (stalking) of the indian penal code to the case.
according to the wakad police, the girl was attacked by her 23-year-old classmate, rajiv bakshi, and that the incident was a fallout of a one-sided affair.
the investigations show that it is a case of a one-sided love affair from the boys side.
the boy has been arrested and booked for attempt to murder.
we have reasons to believe that the boy had an intent to try to harm her in a fatal way, said pune city police commissioner rashmi shukla.
the police said both were first year students at a private management college in wakad.
prior to joining to the mba course, the girl had completed her engineering, while bakshi, who is from haryana, had joined the college after working with a manufacturing firm for a year after graduation.
an officer from the wakad police station said, the girl currently stays at a private hostel located close to the college campus in wakad.
on monday morning, she left for the college a little before 9 am.
when she came to an atm kiosk near the college, bakshi approached her and tried to stalk her.
the two had an argument, after which he attacked her with a sharp weapon.
she tried to resist the attack.
but sustained severe injuries on the right hand, right forearm and a minor injury on her face.
her little finger was severed.
the officer added, two of the security guards deployed at the main gate of the institute rushed to the spot and caught bakshi before he could harm her further.
the girl was rushed to a hospital and bakshi was handed over to the police.
the officer said they had now learnt that the boy had been stalking her for the last three to four months.
the girl had complained to the college a day before the incident, said the officer.
the girls father said, she is out of danger now and a surgery has been performed on her hand.
the part of the little finger which had got severed has been found and doctors have stitched it back.
there were deep cuts on the other three fingers of the same hand.
he added, i have spoken to chief minister devendrafadnavis and he has spoken to the pune police commissioner.
the chief minister has assured strictest action against the boy.
asked about the girls complaint to the college about the boy, deputy commissioner of police (zone iii) ganesh shinde said, they (the college) handled the situation at their own level.
it may be because they did not understand the gravity of the situation, when they received the complaint.
in such cases, the colleges should inform the police.
b'prime minister narendra modi meets chief ministers j khattar, d fadnavis and harish rawat at the eleventh inter-state council meeting at rashtrapati bhavan, in new delhi on saturday.
pti photo prime minister narendra modi meets chief ministers j khattar, d fadnavis and harish rawat at the eleventh inter-state council meeting at rashtrapati bhavan, in new delhi on saturday.
pti photoopposition parties on sunday boycotted the customary tea party hosted by chief minister devendrafadnavis on the eve of beginning of the monsoon session of state legislature over the gang-rape and murder of a minor girl in ahmednagar district.
while the leader of opposition in legislative assembly radhakrishna vikhe patil demanded resignation of fadnavis, who heads home ministry, on moral grounds over the incident, the leader of opposition in legislative council dhananjay munde asked for a high-level inquiry into the incident.
we have a chief minister who also holds home portfolio.
he refuses to acknowledge that law and order situation in the state is deteriorating under his tenure.
he did not even have time to go and visit the bereaved family.
he should immediately take moral responsibility and resign, vikhe patil said.
watch video: whats making newsalleging laxity on the part of police officials in arresting the accused, the ncp leader munde sought fast track hearing of the case and capital punishment for the accused.
the 15-year-old girl was brutally raped and murdered allegedly by three men in kopardi village on wednesday.
all the accused have been arrested by police.
appearing unfazed fadnavis said he had never seen an opposition without any issues.
slamming the congress and ncp for the criticism over the rising price of tur dal, he said the opposition did not read the governments proposed price control order (pco), which he said specifically mentions that the maximum price of tur dal shall not exceed rs 120 per kg.
earlier, there has been 125 per cent increase in area under sowing of pulses, cereals and oilseeds.
the government will distribute tur dal to the poor under bpl category through ration card, fadnavis told reporters at sahyadri state guest house here.
he evaded a direct reply on his war of words with rural development minister pankaja munde who was recently divested of water conservation portfolio in a cabinet rejig.
we both know how to use twitter, he said.
munde, sulking after the portfolio was taken out from her by fadnavis, had refused to participate in a global water leaders meet in singapore by virtue of not being water conservation minister anymore.
in his tweet, fadnavis had prodded munde to attend the event.
on a query over recent order of the aurangabad bench of the bombay high court setting aside the tender by the state government for supply of ready-to-cook food for beneficiaries in one lakh-odd anganwadis, he said the court has held the process to be proper.
media should first go through the verdict of the hc in detail, he said.
fadnavis said his government will table 10 new bills before the legislature, including allowing farmers to sell their vegetables and fruits directly to consumers and not through the agriculture produce marketing committees (apmcs), which has hitherto been the norm; setting up metropolitan region development authorities on the lines of mumbai in pune and nagpur as well, along with three pending bills in legislative assembly.
maharashtras politics has just got more dynastic.
ahead of the local body polls in the state, political dynasts have tightened their grip over the states political spectrum.
following their failure to seal poll pacts with traditional allies, the four major political parties in the state have fallen back on established political families on their sides for turning the election in their favour.
with high stakes and expenditure riding on the upcoming polls, these dynasts, in turn, are betting their monies on their own kith and kin.
the local polls are being seen as a semi-final before the 2019 assembly polls.
watch what else is making newsconsider this.
at least 83 candidates in the fray for the 227 seats in the mumbai municipality polls are family members of established politicians.
in neighbouring thane, the shiv sena alone has fielded 70 such candidates.
other parties have not discouraged dynasty politics either.
chief minister devendrafadnavis home turf nagpur, a traditional bjp stronghold, also mirrors the trend.
ignoring prime minister narendra modis warning against fielding family members of serving politicians, the bjp has gone ahead with its own dynastic debutants in the region.
in fact, in the cms own assembly constituency of south west nagpur, the party has fielded laxmi yadav from a ward.
her husband omprakash yadav, considered close to fadnavis, heads the state-run maharashtra building and other construction workers welfare board.
he enjoys the stature equivalent to an mos in the fadnavis government.
yadav is also the sitting corporator from the ward, which is now reserved for women.
in nagpur west assembly constituency, the bjp has given a ticket to party mlc parinay fukes wife parineeta.
in the same ward, the nationalist congress party has fielded mlc prakash gajbhiyes wife sujata.
in mumbai, the shiv sena has roped in higher number of dynasts.
the partys list has 24 such candidates, following by bjp (21), congress (18), and ncp (16).
ironically, shiv senas founder (late) bal thackeray was a staunch critic of dynasticism in elective politics.
shiv sena mp from mumbai south central rahul shewales wife kamini and sister-in-law vaishali are contesting from a couple of wards that are part of his parliamentary constituency  a move that even stoked some rebellion in the local rank and file.
sena mla tukaram kates daughter-in-law samruddhi is the party nominee from chemburs anushakti nagar.
sada sarvankar, another party mla, has fielded his son samadhan from prabhadevi-century mill in his constituency.
akash purohit, son of bjps colaba mla raj purohit, is contesting from kalbadevi.
mp kirit somaiyas son neil is the bjp candidate from a ward in mulund, which he represents in parliament.
for the congress, mla aslam shaikhs sister qamarjahan siddiqui is seeking reelection from malvani, and former minister chandrakant handores wife sangeeta is contesting for a second time from chandivli.
the ncp has provided three tickets to kith and kin of former minister and chief spokesman nawab malik.
all the parties have also been generous in distributing tickets to kith and kin of sitting and former corporators.
so much so that six married couples are trying their luck.
the congress has nominated ashraf and dilshad azmi, both sitting corporators (earlier with sp), from adjoining wards in kurla.
three sitting shiv sena corporators  yamini jadhav (mazgaon), prajakta sawant (kandivli), and ajit bhandari (manori-marve)  have got renominated and also booked the neighbouring ward for their spouses.
the bjp similarly has nominated sitting corporator bablu panchal and wife anita (mankhurd), and corporator kesarben patel and murji patel from bandra.
the panchals were earlier with the sena , while patels were with the congress.
in thane, the dynasty roots are further entrenched.
again, sena has embraced the culture the most in this region too.
in fact, partys local heavyweights have cornered multiple tickets for their kith and kin.
in the fray are mp rajan vichares wife and nephew, mla pratap sarnaiks wife and son, mla subhash bhoirs son, mlc ravindra phataks wife and sister, former mlc anant tares son and daughter-in-law.
maharashtra minister eknath shinde, whose son shrikant is also the local mp, has now fielded his brother, prakash, from the civic ring.
the party has also given four tickets to local heavyweight devram bhoirs family.
several dynasts are also in the fray for elections to the 25 zilla parishads (zp).
maharashtra bjp chief and former union minister raosaheb danves daughter asha pande danve is contesting the zp elections from bhokardan taluka in his home district of jalna.
asha pande danve is sarpanch of dagadwadi village.
danves son santosh is already an mla from the region.
the shiv sena, which is trying to strengthen its roots in the district, has fielded local mla and maharashtra minister arjun khotkars brother aniruddha, a sitting zp member, for the second time.
former maharashtra minister sunil tatkare, now an mlc and ncps maharashtra chief, has fielded his daughter, aditi, for the zp polls in raigad.
former chief minister (late) vilasrao deshmukhs youngest son dheeraj makes his electoral debut by contesting the zp polls from latur.
meanwhile, another munde versus munde battle is playing out even in the zp polls.
while gopinath mundes estranged nephew and ncps leader of opposition in the legislative council dhananjay munde has fielded cousin ajay munde, who had joined the ncp with dhananjay in 2013, mundes daughter and maharashtra minister pankaja has fielded another cousin in the race.
in parbhani, bjp minister babanrao lonikara son rahul is contesting.
rahuls mother had recently lost the municipal council poll in partur taluka.
ncp spokesman malik, when contacted, said, we have looked at the winnabilty and the elective merit of a candidate while giving tickets.
there is no fault with dynasty politics if the people vote for it.
congress leader sanjay nirupam said while the party had never been averse to encouraging a meritorious candidate from an established political family, it had given far less representation to dynasts this time as compared to the shiv sena and the bjp.
the bjp dubs itself as the party with a difference and has a stated position against dynasticism.
they now seem to be singing a very different tune, said nirupam.
traditionally, the local body elections were seen as the workers elections.
the leader (or his family members) would contest the lok sabha and the assembly poll where the stakes were higher.
party would use the local polls to test their bench strength.
but this has changed now.
rapid urbanisation has enhanced a scope of work for local bodies.
becoming a corporator now is a lucrative proposition, said a senior minister, who wished not to be named.
also, contesting a local body election has become an expensive affair, he said.
vinod ghedia, a former mumbai deputy mayor, echoed this viewpoint.
i remember spending just rs 13,000 for my election campaign.
crores are spent these days even for a civic election, he said.
ghedia had another relevant insight: politics these days is a flourishing business.
a political analyst said the dynasticism in local body polls was also being fanned by the insecurity of established leaders.
most do not want others from the party to emerge from the ranks.
a corporators post in these times is often more visible and lucrative than that of an mla, he said.
party leaders smear black paint on photos of mp amar sable and bjp leader sachin patwardhan.
express party leaders smear black paint on photos of mp amar sable and bjp leader sachin patwardhan.
expressjust two months after it assumed power in pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation (pcmc), the bjp is already finding it tough to grapple with the internal dissension.
the discord became quite apparent in the protest by disgruntled party workers and leaders on saturday.
now, the two key architects of the partys victory in the civic polls  mla laxman jagtap and mahesh landge  too seemed rather upset after they were apparently snubbed by chief minister devendrafadnavis over the nominations of co-opted corporators.
on saturday, fissures within the bjp came out, as party leaders smear black paint on the photos of mp amar sable and another bjp leader sachin patwardhan, in the partys office in pimpri-chinchwad.
their effigies were also burnt.
bjp leaders raju durge, rajesh pillay and sujata palande, were among those protesting against the nominations of co-opted corporators, such as babu nair and mauli thorat.
the leaders have alleged that both the nominated corporators had worked against party candidates during the recent civic elections and therefore their nomination was unjustified.
they further said that sable and patwardhan had played a key role in getting nair and thorat nominated.
loyalists, who have spent years in the party, were ignored, while those entered the party just months ago were nominated.
besides, those who have worked against the interest of the party were shown high regard.
is this justice?
is this how the party wants to treat its leaders who have been with it through thick and thin?
asked durge.
meanwhile, sable said the decision was taken by the cm and party president raosaheb danve.
without criticising the disgruntled leaders, sable added that he hopes the leaders would soon realise their folly and regret their actions.
the protesting leaders said sable and patwardhan had recommended nair and thorat and had managed to get them through cooperative minister chandrakant patil, who is considered close to cm and district guardian minister girish bapat.
on whether he had managed to stage the coup right under the nose of the likes of jagtap and landge, sable smiled and reiterated that the final decision was taken by the cm.
pointing out that he has been a disciplined soldier of the party and had put in his best efforts while campaigning for the civic polls, nair said, i have the support of all the leaders in the party.
he refused to comment further.
meanwhile, party president jagtap was not much forthcoming.
it is the partys decision and we welcome it, he said.
on whether he felt let down by the cm, jagtap refused to comment.
according to sources, jagtap had promised some leaders a nomination for the post of co-opted corporator.
sources close to him said jagtap has been shaken by the cms move.
mahesh landge and his brother kartik, who is also his spokesperson, were unavailable for comments.
the landge camp is likely to approach the cm, to apprise him of the brewing dissention among local leaders.
bjp general secretary sarang kamtekar too tried to play down the snub.
it is the partys collective decision to nominate leaders it thinks fit and we have accepted it, he said.
kamtekar added that since there were too many claimants, it was left to the cm to take the final call.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said that the government is committed to ensure that 6,000 villages become drought-free by december.
fadnavis was in western maharashtra to tour drought-prone villages in sangli district in order to review projects under the jalyukt shivar scheme.
he visited bhaktimala hills in avandhi village and bagalwadi in jat taluka of sangli.
reiterating the governments commitment to make all 25,000 villages drought free by 2019, fadnavis said:the government will make 6,000 villages drought free this year.
so far, the scheme has helped make 11,247 villages drought free.
describing the ongoing public participation in the scheme as a mass movement, he added: villagers across caste, community and religion have come together to combat drought.
thus, setting a great example.
avandhi sarpanch annasaheb kodag appraised fadnavis of the ongoing water conservation projects at bhaktimala hills.
work is going on an area of 40 hectares, including compartment bunding (constructing wall around storage) as well as cement and concrete bunds.
b'uddhav thackeray uddhav thackeraythe shiv sena on wednesday launched another diatribe against ally bjp in maharashtra, accusing the latter of hiking stamp duty on gift and conveyance deeds despite its strong opposition to the move.
the maharashtra government, in which the shiv sena is a partner, on tuesday approved a decision to increase the stamp duty payable on gift of a property to relatives, including a spouse, brother or sister, from approximately two per cent of the market value to three per cent.
similarly, the stamp duty payable for conveyance deeds in smaller towns governed by municipal councils and rural belts was also increased by one per cent.
but just 24 hours later, the shiv sena publicly opposed the decisions.
senior party leader and maharashtras environment minister ramdas kadam accused the bjp of pushing through the decisions despite the shiv senas opposition.
the shiv sena had opposed the proposal to hike the stamp duty even during the cabinet meeting.
despite our opposition, they (the bjp) went ahead with the decision, said kadam.
demanding an immediate rollback of the decision, the shiv sena minister threatened that his party would take to the streets in protest.
well call upon the chief minister on thursday to state our demand, said kadam.
when contacted, chief minister devendrafadnavis was dismissive of kadams allegation.
he (kadam) had left the cabinet meeting early.
but other shiv sena ministers were present when the proposal was cleared, he said.
but kadam remained defiant.
in the cabinet meeting, diwakar raote (shiv sena) had conveyed the partys opposition to the proposal.
yet it was cleared without taking us (the shiv sena) into confidence, alleged kadam.
fadnavis rubbished this claim.
the proposal was cleared unanimously.
raote had only inquired on whether it would be applicable in case of gift of ancestral residential or agricultural property to ones spouse, children, or grandchildren (where the stamp duty payable is rs 200).
the department secretary cleared his doubt, stating that the hike wont apply in such cases, following which the proposal was cleared unanimously, fadnavis said.
the government has plans to raise an additional rs 200 crore through the hike.
on wednesday, kadam also fired a salvo at water conservation minister ram shinde.
he is a liar.
he is also childish, said kadam.
the bjp minister had on tuesday chided kadam for raising allegations against the implementation of the cms flagship scheme jalyukta shivar in his native ratnagiri district.
kadam is perhaps unhappy with the districts guardian minister (shiv senas ravindra waikar), shinde had said, while questioning kadams decision to go public with the allegations.
it would have been better had he raised the issue in the cabinet.
we have already ordered an inquiry into the allegations, shinde claimed.
kadam filed a counter on wednesday.
the minister must study matters before he speaks.
the local mla has control over such schemes in his constituency.
the guardian minister has nothing to do with it, kadam said, while accusing shinde of attempting to drive a wedge between him and waikar.
meanwhile, in nashik, another shiv sena minister, subhash desai, accused his own government of politicising agrarian distress.
targeting the bjp, desai accused the government of attempting to split protesting farmers.
fadnavis had on tuesday held discussions with a delegation of farmers from ahmednagar who had raised a strike call in opposition to the governments policies.
addressing a joint press conference, desai and shiv sena mp sanjay raut also announced that party president uddhav thackeray had plans to lead a farmers morcha to vidhan bhavan during the monsoon session of the state legislature.
the shiv sena has joined the opposition in demanding a complete loan waiver for farmers.
on may 19, thackeray is scheduled to address a farmers convention in nashik.
another sulking bjp ally, raju shetti of the swabhimani shetkari sanghathana, and congress leader vinayakdada patil are expected to share the dais with thackeray on the occasion.
another sulking bjp ally, raju shetti of the swabhimani shetkari sanghathana, and congress leader vinayakdada patil are expected to share the dais with thackeray on the occasion.
climate resilient agricultural practices coupled with greater thrust on promoting investments in food processing sector to improve lives of farmers is likely to get greater impetus in the forthcoming state budget.
highly placed sources in the government revealed to the indian express, agriculture sector will remain the highest concern of the state budget this year too.
however, unlike last year when the prime concern related to relief for the drought hit, the focus in 2017-18 would be on sustainable agriculture.
watch what else is making newshighly placed sources in the agriculture ministry said, today, the biggest challenge confronting the farmers is to cope with climatic changes.
the kharif and rabi cycles have drastically altered with onset of early summers and delayed winters.
also the unpredictable rains after the sowing of crops remains a concern.
while acknowledging that good monsoons resulted in 100 per cent sowing, what did affect crops was the long gap between the rains in some regions of marathwada and vidarbha which impacted overall production and quality of crops.
in 2016-17, the state government allocated rs 25,000 crore for agriculture.
apart from this the flagship jalyukta shivar projects saw investments upto rs 1,600 crore for drought mitigation the second phase in 5,000 villages.
the state government has succeeded in tackling drought in 11,500 villages out of the total 25,000 which were drought hit.
the state has 40,000 villages.
while the jalyukta shivar works will graduate into the third phase in the remaining 13,500 villages, real concerns relate to augmenting infrastructure to overcome the erratic climatic changes.
chief minister devendrafadnavis during his meeting with world bank chief executive officer devendrafadnavis dwelt at length on measures taken by his government to tackle the challenges in the agriculture sector due to climate changes.
the maharashtra government and wb have agreed to work on a rs 4000 crore project under climate resilient agriculture practices.
the features of these projects include better management of land use, water management, doubling the production, providing soil moisture security among others.
while stressing the need for greater agriculture planning, diversification in crop patterns along with precise weather forecast and adaptation of advanced technology are part of the smart agriculture practices which are being pursued.
the state government is also exploring ways to tap more resources for food processing sector across maharashtra.
despite 100 per cent fdi, the investments in the sector has been moderate.
sources said, a region wise plan to ascertain how it would help the farmers is being worked out.
on tuesday evening, fadnavis held a meeting with pepsico chairperson ms indira nooyi to discuss greater partnership in skill development and food processing sector.
pepsico india and government of maharashtra exchanged a letter of intent for mutual collaboration in skill development in maharashtra with a special focus on itis, and upgradation of workers in various food processing plants through joint ventures with the state.
it has agreed for a rs 180 crore investment in citrus processing facility in nanded to help improve livelihood of farmers.
chief minister devendra fadnavis.
chief minister devendra fadnavis.
a day after prime minister narendra modi gave a clarion call to the state governments to enforce poverty welfare measures, maharashtra believes reforms to doubling the income in agriculture sector remain key to achieving this target and is also the biggest challenge ahead.
the state government has set an ambitious target to increase the irrigation potential from 18 per cent to 41 per cent by 2019.
an aspect being aggressively pursued is to bridge the mismatch between the steep increase in the number of cultivators and the drastic decline in individual landholdings.
according to a government report, the number of cultivators increased to 276 per cent between 1971 and 2015-16.
whereas, average landholding of the individuals had drastically declined to 1.
44 hectares (2015-16) compared to 4.
28 hectares (1971).
the state has also, in its poverty alleviation programme, accorded the highest priority to doubling farm income.
directives have been issued to the ministry of water conservation to push the more economical smaller projects to maximise the irrigation potential.
it is estimated that even if the ongoing big dam projects worth rs 1,48,000 crore are completed, the irrigation potential created would not exceed 14 per cent.
on the other hand, 1 lakh irrigation wells, farm ponds and de-silting projects can become successful water holding bodies bringing larger tracts under irrigation.
while statistics point to two crore people in the below poverty line category, dependence of rural population on the agriculture sector accounts for almost 55 per cent people without assured work and income, resulting in poverty.
making a presentation at the chief ministers conclave in new delhi, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis emphasised on integrating the agriculture sector with skill development and industries to facilitate smooth transition and also interlinking them to facilitate absorption of manpower in allied and agro-industrial sectors to ensure more job opportunities and assured income.
the per capita agriculture income is one-seventh of the industry and one-tenth of the services sector.
through skill development, which also includes providing training to farm labourers, the government claims to be evolving a mechanism to address the demand versus supply gap.
as per the projections, the requirements for skilled and semi-skilled workers in industrial sectors would be 111 lakh and supply would be 77 lakh.
on the other hand, the demand for minimally skilled labourers is restricted to 44 lakh and supply 123 lakh.
the stress is on streamlining the demand-supply gap and scout for new self-employment avenues.
fadnavis has said he is confident to steer the skill development sector to attainable target by 2019.
other measures to tackle poverty includes reforms in apmc, paving the way for open market access and getting rid of middlemen to stop exploitation of farmers.
bmc polls 2017: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said the bjp wont be contesting for mumbai mayor polls.
(file photo) bmc polls 2017: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said the bjp wont be contesting for mumbai mayor polls.
(file photo)paving the way for shiv sena, maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnvais cleared the air on mumbais mayoral battle on saturday when he said the bjp wont contest mumbai mayoral and deputy mayoral polls, adding that they would have needed the support of other parties to have their mayor.
in a statement to the media, fadnavis said,bjp corporators will act as watchdogs of transparency in bmc.
dispelling doubts about the maharashtra governments stability, fadnavis said, no threat to my government, it is stable.
making it amply clear that bjp wont be compromising on transparency, the state chief minister also said: we will not be in the opposition, we will support the ruling party but will not compromise on transparency.
despite being partners in central and state governments, the shiv sena and bjp fought the recently concluded brihanamumbai municipal corporation polls separately.
in the press conference today, fadnvais said, bjp will also not contest elections for the post of deputy mayor and for the standing, improvement, education committees as well as for posts of chairpersons in the best committee.
after the results were announced, the shiv sena emerged as the single largest party in the 227-member council with 84 seats.
bjp followed in close with 82.
congress was decimated as it secured the third spot with only 31 seats, while ncp got nine corporators while mns bagged seven seats.
the ncp has already stated it will stay away from the mayoral elections.
in a statement to the media, state ncp president sunil tatkare had said the party would not enter into any understanding with both shiv sena or the bjp.
the congress too refrained from giving support to the shiv sena for installing its mayor.
sanjay nirupam, congress state unit president had earlier told the media in an interview that the party was planning to hold discussions with like-minded parties for a common candidate in mayors election.
ncp president sharad pawar on tuesday attacked the ruling bjp for adopting double standards on crop loan waiver by waiving it in uttar pradesh and not in maharashtra.
addressing a rally at panvel on the concluding session of week-long sangharsh yatra the ncp leader said, i appeal to farmers against committing suicide.
but the fact is, cases of farmers suicides have increased.
had the bjp kept its promise we would not resort to any agitation.
for the last week, the congress and ncp had embarked on an agitation to demand crop loan waiver.
the leaders walked in and out of the agitation citing personal work, and failed to elicit the desired support from people in rural maharashtra.
however, on the concluding day, they spoke in one voice against the bjp government at the centre and the state.
the uttar pradesh governments loan waiver nod for farmers provided the much needed ammunition to the opposition to question the maharashtra government led by chief minister devendrafadnavis on failing to get a loan waiver for maharashtra.
the farmers will show the bjp its real power.
not keeping its promise made to people is the speciality of the bjp government, pawar asserted.
mpcc president ashok chavan said, this is the beginning of our agitation and not the end.
senior leader narayan rane said, why shouldnt a criminal case be registered against fadnavis for farmers suicides.
when the bjp was in the opposition they would make similar demands.
leader of the opposition radhakrishna vikhe-patil while reiterating the loan waiver demand slammed the shiv sena for its double speak on crop loan waiver.
vikhe-patil said, uddhav thackeray should first walk out of the government if he is unhappy with governments stand on loan waiver.
the sena is enjoying power and also trying to play opposition role outside.
thackeray while congratulating the up government, said, now, the centre should waive crop loan for state (maharashtra) farmers too.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday directed the guardian ministers to review the ongoing jalyukta shivar works and ensure their completion in the next two months ahead of the monsoon.
while acknowledging that almost two-lakh works have been completed in the first and second phase with an expenditure of rs 3,500 crore, creating a potential to irrigate 15 lakh hectares of land, the government believes the incomplete works should be speeded up before monsoon.
this would help farmers with additional water storage structures during the monsoon.
almost 11,000 villages have become drought-free in the last two years.
as many as 46 villages in kolhapur and sangli districts remained disconnected, with flood water surrounding them, and the administration was airdropping food and drinking water using helicopters, pune divisional commissioner deepak mhaisekar said.
although the rain continues intermittently, water levels in flooded areas had gone down andwere expected to recede further in coming days with discharge from the dam being altered favourably, he said.
of the villages cut off from the rest of the district, 28 are in sangli and 18 in kolhapur.
advertisingso far, 2.
45 lakh residents of sangli and kolhapur have been shifted to 165 temporary camps.
the number of deaths due to flood went up to 29 by friday evening, with two people drowning since thursday.
nine people were still missing after a boat capsized in bramhanal village in sangli.
of the 34 passengers, 16 were rescued and nine dead bodies were recovered.
the discharge from almatti river has been increased up to 4.
5 lakh cusecs.
this will help the water levels go down.
the water level in kolhapur has already gone down by 2 feet in kolhapur and 3 inches in sangli, said mhaisekar.
meanwhile, chief minister devendrafadnavis briefed prime minister narendra modi about the floods and rescue and relief operations.
the centre and state along with neighbouring state is closely working to bring water levels down.
rescue operations are going on a war footing, fadnavis said.
advertisingread | farmland under water, crop loss feared in over 34,000-35,000 hectareskarnataka chief minister b s yediyurappa reaffirmed that water discharge from almatti dam had increased to 4,50,000 cusec.
the water discharge capacity of the dam is normally 3,80,316 cusec, but after a request from maharashtra, the karnataka government raised the discharge level.
in sangli, 32 teams of various agencies including national disaster response force (ndrf), army, navy, district administration, state disaster response force (sdrf) and coast guard were involved in rescue operations.
in kolhapur, there were 48 teams.
major gaurav sharma, column commander leading a rescue operation in sangli, said his unit rescued 10,000 people.
one challenge is dealing with anxiety and trauma of the flood-affected.
after rescue, our effort is to move them to safer locations and provide provisions and medicine.
considering the number of people stranded in houses, it will take us 72 hours to evacuate everyone.
ramchandra koli, a 30-year-old plumber from sangle wadi in sangli who was rescued by the army on friday, said, for five-six days we survived only on tea and biscuits.
after our houses were submerged, we stayed in a hall opened up by the kind owner and waited for the army to save us.
kolis mother yalwa said that her elderly mother went into a shock due to the flood and devastation.
prem chawla, a cloth trader from sangli, said he suffered a loss of rs 10-12 lakh.
two floors of my shop are inundated, he said.
around 16,000 vehicles were lined up on mumbai-bengaluru highway, which has been closed since wednesday.
officials said that when the water recedes, vehicles carrying food and fuel will be allowed to go first.
mhaisekar said that ad hoc help of rs 76 crore has been received from the state government and it will be given to those affected by the flood.
the compensation amount will be rs 15,000 per family in urban areas and rs 10,000 per family in rural areas.
virgin hyperloopone plans to send engineers to pune shortly to conduct a study, a statement said.
virgin hyperloopone plans to send engineers to pune shortly to conduct a study, a statement said.
the travel time between mumbai and pune, which now is around four hours, will get reduced to just 25 minutes if a high-tech transportation system being explored by the maharashtra government is implemented.
the government is exploring the hyperloop technology to drastically cut the travel time between the two key cities, located around 200km away from each other.
it has approached a us-based firm, virgin hyperloopone, for the modern train project.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , currently in the us, visited the virgin hyperloopone test site in nevada and met the companys ceo and board member, rob lloyd, a statement from the cmo said.
the government of maharashtra is exploring this transportation technology (hyperloop) for the mumbai-pune route with an aim to reduce the travel time between them to just 25 minutes, said the statement.
virgin hyperloopone plans to send engineers to pune shortly to conduct a study, it said.
the pune metropolitan regional development authority (pmrda) has identified a 15-km long demonstration track for hyperloop.
it is noteworthy that 70 per cent of materials and components required for hyperloop can be sourced within maharashtra itself, the statement added.
virgin hyperloopone founder-chairman richard branson had announced a framework agreement for the project in the presence of prime minister narendra modi and fadnavis during his visit to mumbai for the `magnetic maharashtra conclave held in february.
the company recently completed a pre-feasibility study for the mumbai-pune route.
the electric efficient hyperloop system will ease expressway congestion and reduce greenhouse gas emissions up to 1,50,000 ton annually, the statement added.
rescue work in progress after a landslide near vishnuprayag on the badrinath route, uttarakhand on friday.
hundreds of pilgrims are feared stranded.
pti photo) rescue work in progress after a landslide near vishnuprayag on the badrinath route, uttarakhand on friday.
hundreds of pilgrims are feared stranded.
all of them (pilgrims) are safe.
we have ascertained it.
of the total 179 from maharashtra who are stranded there, 102 are from aurangabad and 38 from pune, he said.
the other travellers hail from sangli and jalgaon districts, fadnavis said in the lower house on the first day of the three-day special session of the legislature called to ratify the gst bill.
the railway administration has made arrangements to bring them back to maharashtra, fadnavis said.
ajit pawar (ncp) said the state government should make adequate arrangements to help those stranded.
he suggested deputing an ias officer to coordinate rescue work.
fadnavis said we have a permanent system in place.
the disaster management department coordinates such operations.
the rishikesh-badrinath national highway was yesterday closed near vishnuprayag in uttarakhands chamoli district due to a landslide.
due to the landslide and closure of the highway, around 2,000 travellers on way to badrinath, the famous pilgrim spot in the hill state, were left stranded at various places.
in a letter written to chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday, the sena leader said the overall condition of girl students in state-run boarding schools is worsening each passing day.
(source: pti photo) in a letter written to chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday, the sena leader said the overall condition of girl students in state-run boarding schools is worsening each passing day.
(source: pti photo)shiv sena mlc neelam gorhe has alleged that at least five girl students of an ashram school in beed district were sexually exploited by their teachers.
in a letter written to chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday, the sena leader said the overall condition of girl students in state-run boarding schools is worsening each passing day.
watch what else is in the newsshe stated the incident, which came to light on sunday, took place in the residential school meant for students of vimukta jati and nomadic tribes (vjnt) at sindphana in beed district in marathwada region.
gorhe wrote the girls had narrated the incident to varsha deshpande of lek laadki abhiyan who had visited the school on january 12.
the incident is heart-wrenching.
condition of female students in ashram schools is worsening by the day and increasing instances of sexual exploitations only reaffirms the need to take serious steps for the safety of students, she stated.
the sena leader demanded setting up of a task force consisting of officials from the departments of home, tribal welfare, social justice, education, and women and child welfare to carry out investigation at all ashram schools in the state.
she demanded immediate arrest of the accused in this particular case and that they should not be granted bail.
gorhe demanded formation of female vigilance committees in all ashram schools and that they be attached to local police stations.
she has also appealed to fill vacant posts of women superintendents without delay.
complaint boxes should be installed in all ashram schools, which should be opened every week in the presence of female police officers and officials from the departments of tribal welfare and social justice, she added.
the maharashtra government on tuesday signed an mou with eagle hills investment llc, a sister concern of emaar properties pjsc.
advertisingeagle hills investment llc is planning to establish a high tech food city, mega food city, logistics/warehousing hub and a fruits/vegetables hub in the state.
the company will invest around rs 9,500 crore in the state generating employment of close to 6 lakh.
company officials signed the mou in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis , industries minister subhash desai and minister of state for industries atul save, principal secretary to chief minister bhushan gagrani, secretary (industries) harshadeep kamble and maharashtra industrial development corporation ceo p anbalagan.
the company was represented by hadi badri, ceo, emaar international and managing director, emaar india; gaurav wadhwa, india head, uae india food security project, and gopal sarma, advisor to uae india food security project.
b'the slaughter of cows was previously prohibited in the state under the maharashtra animal preservation act of 1976.
beef lovers in maharashtra will now have to do without the red meat as president pranab mukherjee has given his assent to the maharashtra animal preservation (amendment) bill, 1995, nearly 19 years after the maharashtra assembly passed the bill during the bjp-shiv sena rule in 1995.
the slaughter of cows was previously prohibited in the state under the maharashtra animal preservation act of 1976.
however, the passage of the new act will ban the slaughter of bulls as well as bullocks, which was previously allowed based on a fit-for-slaughter certificate.
read: states where you can order a beef steak for lunchwatch video | supreme court refuses to entertain pil for issuing guidelines to restrict beef transportthe new act will, however, allow slaughter of water buffaloes, which provides carabeef  generally seen as an inferior quality meat that makes up only 25 per cent of the total beef market in the state.
beef traders claim the move will not only render thousands jobless, but will also drive up the cost of other meats in the state.
thanks a lot hon president sir for the assent on maharashtra animal preservation bill.
our dream of ban on cow slaughter becomes a reality now, chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted.
this is a historic step, which has cultural as well as economic implications for the state.
we had passed this act when we were in power in 1995 and had sent it for the presidents nod in 1996.
subsequent governments in the state, however, failed to do the needful to get the bill implemented.
we had promised in our manifesto to bring this bill and we have managed to do it, bjp mp from mumbai kirit somaiya said.
thanks a lot hon president sir for the assent on maharashtraanimalpreservationbill.
our dream of ban on cow slaughter becomes a reality now.
devendra fadnavis (@dev_fadnavis) march 2, 2015the president had signed the bill and sent it to the ministry of home affairs, which then informed the maharashtra governor of the decision.
now, anyone found to be selling beef or in possession of it can be jailed for five years and fined rs 10,000.
the beef trade in the state is largely controlled by muslims of the qureshi caste.
apart from rendering people jobless, the immediate effect will be the spiralling price of other meats as people will be forced to gravitate to them, president of the mumbai suburban beef dealer association mohammed qureshi said.
beef, generally seen as the poor mans meat, costs almost a third of mutton.
mumbai alone consumes nearly 90,000 kg of mutton every day, sold through 900 licensed stalls and an equal number of illegal stalls.
beef traders said they are checking if they can take legal recourse.
we are now holding deliberations to see if we can challenge this in any way.
the beef traders have been impacted but it will be the farmers who will be affected the most.
who will care for the old and infirm animals that were earlier sold for meat?
arif chowdhury, an office bearer of the all india jamiatul quresh, an organisation of beef traders, said.
a recent government report has stated that there is nearly 61 per cent fodder shortage in the state.
by banning the slaughter of old and infirm animals, the government is doing grave injustice to the healthy animals and farmers of maharashtra, rajendra dhende, a beef trader from sangli, said.
right-wing groups and jain organisations have been asking for shutting down of the abattoirs and beef trade in the state.
beef traders across maharashtra were on strike for over a week in february to protest against the alleged harassment being meted out to beef traders.
fadnvais had later assured protection to beef traders after a delegation met him, which led to the strike being called off.
glyston gracias, brand chef at smoke house deli, mumbai, said, this is extremely sad to hear.
i will have to go to another country.
most of the dishes at the restaurant are based on european cuisine.
a lot of our foreign clientele, such as japanese and europeans, will miss beef on the menu.
we will also lose out on alcohol sales because beef and beer go really well.
i will find it difficult to do international cuisine.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)more than a week after farmers in maharashtra went on strike, the state government on sunday announced complete loan waiver to the farmers in the state.
following the announcement, the farmer leaders in the state has decided to call off the protests that was scheduled for monday.
chief minister devendrafadnavis termed it as a historic decision to provide relief to the farmers.
shortly after the decision he tweeted, the government agrees for the loan waiver for farmers.
the conditions and detrailing will be finalised by a joint committee.
the maharashtra government has said that it will form a committee to decide the criteria to waive off the loans.
maharashtra revenue minister, c patil, has said, cm had announced loan waiver for small and marginal farmers, today govt has accepted it based on certain criteria.
patil, who headed a high-powered committee set up by chief minister devendrafadnavis , was speaking to reporters after holding discussions with farmer leaders.
farmer leader and lok sabha member raju shetti, who participated in the talks, said he was happy that their demands had been met.
our issues have been resolved.
we have decided to temporarily call off our agitation, including the dharna protests scheduled for tomorrow and day after.
however, if no satisfactory decision is taken (on the criterion for loan waiver) by july 25, we will restart our stir, shetti said.
another farmer leader, raghunathdada patil, said the minister had assured them that all loans of farmers will be waived.
the atmosphere now is like diwali celebrations.
100 per cent of our demands have been accepted, he said.
the ministers group has decided to restart fresh loan disbursal to farmers from today, raghunathdada said.
we are calling off the road and rail roko protests scheduled for tomorrow and june 13, independent mla bachu kadu said.
however, if the decision taken today is not implemented before july 24, the farmers will resume their agitation, kadu said.
the revenue minister, asked if his announcement on farmers getting new loans from today meant that the old ones would be restructured, said, it is a simple banking question.
till the old loan is waived, one doesnt get new loan.
fadnavis had on friday announced the formation of the six-member committee to look into the various demands of farmers, including the loan waiver.
the panel also comprises senior minister diwakar raote of the shiv sena, agriculture minister pandurang fundkar, finance minister sudhir mungantiwar, cooperatives minister subhash deshmukh and water resources minister girish mahajan.
on june 1, farmers from a village in ahmednagar district went on strike followed by many farmers groups in other parts, who tried to suspend vegetable and milk supply to mumbai.
the ruling bharatiya janata party and the shiv sena are divided over moving a no-confidence motion against navi mumbai municipal corporation (nmmc) chief tukaram mundhe.
while the shiv sena has indicated that it would back the motion, the bjp has distanced itself from it.
navi mumbai mayor sudhakar sonawane, who belongs to the nationalist congress party, had on october 20 submitted a letter to the municipal secretary leveling ten allegations against mundhe.
on saturday, sonawane told the indian express that he was confident to conjure up the number for passing the motion, scheduled to be taken up during the municipalitys special general body meeting on october 25.
watch what else is making newsin the 111-member house, a no-confidence motion would need 67 votes to be admitted.
im confident that all the councillors will back the motion.
even the bjp corporators are on our side, sonawane said.
however, bjp mla manda mhatre, the partys tallest face in navi mumbai, indicated that her party corporators wont back the motion.
the congress, ncp, and the shiv sena never discussed the motion with us before initiating it.
while i was the first one to oppose mundhes style of functioning, we have never wanted him out.
he is doing good work against corruption, she said.
while bjps local heavyweights say that they too have a score to settle with the bureaucrat, they do not want to be seen as pushing for his removal.
mundhe, who has cracked the whip on illegal constructions ever since he took over reins in april, is popular among citizens.
some citizen groups have already initiated campaigns against the politicians over the motion on social media platforms.
secondly, with chief minister devendrafadnavis handpicking mundhe for the navi mumbai assignment, the party is also wary that backing a no-confidence motion against him would embarass the cm and the bjp.
shiv senas senior corporator vijay choughule, meanwhile, said, we (shiv sena) will back the motion.
while we are against the corruption of the ncp in navi mumbai, we are opposed to mundhes autocratic functioning style.
sonawane, meanwhile, said, he (mundhe) insults elected representatives.
he has never followed the protocols.
his so-called tirade against corruption is falsely hyped.
those backing mundhe said that the campaign to oust him is being hatched since he has shaken up the local political landscape with his no-nonsense attitude.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday presented a roadmap of magnetic maharashtra at an event, mumbai meets manhattan, in new york.
more than 500 delegates attended the programme.
fadnavis, who is touring abroad to attract investors, said, maharashtra has set the ambitious goal of trillion-dollar economy by year 2025.
the transformation initiated by the state government begins right from the grassroots.
our development index weighs on the positive change delivered in the lives and livelihood of the poor living in the remotest villages of state.
he said, magnetic maharashtra is playing a key role in the growth story of new india.
whether it relates to leadership in industries or investments, maharashtra is ahead.
referring to the governments flagship project, jalyukt shivar, the cm highlighted how 11,427 villages, which were drought-hit have become water neutral.
the water conservation projects have not only helped in getting rid of drought but also enabled sustainable agriculture in rural maharashtra.
emphasising on highest ever investments in infrastructure sector, the cm said, the rs 5.
95 lakh crore infrastructure works are in process in various phases.
the longest metro rail project stretching 250 km across mumbai is already on grounds.
the metro projects in nagpur and pune has already begun.
whether it is coastal road, water transport and mumbai trans harbour link, there are projects which would improve communication network across mumbai and maharashtra.
amid speculation of brewing tension between two alliance partners ahead of the state polls, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on friday said he has asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to hand over a list of seats that the sena would contest.
advertisingthe discussions about the alliance are almost at a final stage.
i have figured out a new way this time.
i have asked the chief minister to prepare a list with the names and the number of seats that shiv sena will contest.
once he gives me the list, i will place it before the party, uddhav told mediapersons.
it has been reported in the media that bjp is set to offer 110 seats to the sena and keep 160 seats for itself.
rather than dwelling on what proposal i have given, i have asked them (bjp) to give a list of seats to us.
lets see what they do, uddhav said while reiterating that it had been finalised between him and bjp chief amit shah and announced by fadnavis that both parties would contest equal number of seats.
it is clear that the reports claiming 110 seats for sena has not gone well with the party leadership, said a sena leader, adding that the bjp might be finding it difficult to give equal number of seats to the sena, as leaders from congress and ncp have joined the party in the past few weeks.
dairy farmer nitin dhanvate with his cross-bred cows and six-month-old daughter.
(source: partha sarathi biswas) dairy farmer nitin dhanvate with his cross-bred cows and six-month-old daughter.
(source: partha sarathi biswas)after one-and-a-half years of incurring heavy losses, nitin dhanvates dairy business has just about turned around in the last four months.
the 32-year-old is now receiving rs 28 per litre for the cow milk, containing 3.
5 per cent fat and 8.
5 per cent snf (solids-not-fat), he is supplying to prabhat dairy ltd. the same dairy  and also the godavari khore cooperative and two private milk contractors operating in the village  was till december paying rs 18 per litre.
dhanvate sells on an average 40 litres from his six holstein-friesian crossbreds, not all of which yield milk at the same time.
my total monthly outgo on feed concentrates and other inputs comes to roughly rs 24,000.
only since february have i been making a profit of nearly rs 10,000 per month, as against losses of rs 2,400 when the milk price was rs 18 per litre, notes this full-time dairy farmer, who grows kadba (lucerne or alfalfa fodder) on his entire four-acre land.
had i been buying fodder, my losses would have been even more.
but despite that, i have had to reduce my herd size from the 15 cows giving 100-odd litres daily two years back, he adds.
dhanvate epitomises the average angry young maratha farmer of puntamba, the village on the banks of the godavari in ahmednagar districts rahata taluka that has spawned the ongoing agitation by ryots across western maharashtra.
he, like all other farmers here, has since june 1 stopped supplying milk to the four dairies/contractors procuring 5,000 litres or so daily from the village.
puntambas gram sabha, on april 3, passed a resolution warning of a shetkari sampa (strike of the ryots) from june 1.
their charter of demands addressed to the maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis included implementation of the ms swaminathan committees recommendation of ensuring crop realisation levels at least 50 per cent above production costs, a complete waiver of farm loans, 100 per cent subsidy on drip/sprinkler irrigation systems, and  of immediate relevance to dhanvate  a minimum milk purchase price of rs 50 per litre.
we not only wanted this price, but also a mechanism forcing dairies to pay it.
last june, the state government raised its official procurement price for cow milk from rs 19 to rs 22 a litre, but the dairies, both private and cooperative, were still paying us rs 18.
they started paying more from february, only because of milk shortages arising from farmers cutting back on production and herd sizes.
and even the current prices will not be paid, once milk production recovers with the onset of the monsoon and increased fodder availability, says dhanvate, who has seen better times when he selling his 100-plus litres that fetched a rate of rs 25 or more.
a billboard at the puntamba village square asking farmers to participate in a maharashtra bandh on june 1.
partha sarathi biswas a billboard at the puntamba village square asking farmers to participate in a maharashtra bandh on june 1.
partha sarathi biswasbut puntambas crisis isnt about milk alone.
farmers in the 16,000-strong village with over 4,500 acres of largely-irrigated farmland and seven primary agricultural cooperative societies (pacs)  which makes it relatively prosperous compared to the drought-prone rural landscapes of marathwada or vidarbha  also talk of their losses over the last 2-3 years from growing other crops, including onion, soybean and sugarcane.
sunil pare, 49, claims to have spent rs 70,000 on seed, fertiliser, labour, pesticide and other inputs for cultivation of rabi onions on his two-acre holding.
despite harvesting 130 quintals of the bulb in march, he is yet to sell a single kg so far.
prices at the rahata market yard were rs 500 per quintal in march and have only fallen further since to rs 400-450.
at these rates, i cannot even recover my investment.
what alternative do i have other than holding on to my crop?
he complains.
the same story is repeated in soyabean, where pare could realise just rs 2,700 per quintal for the nine quintals that he sold in november  just after the narendra modi governments decision to demonetise all existing rs 500 and rs 1,000 denomination notes.
the previous years rate that pare got was rs 3,500 per quintal.
dhanajay dhanvate, a 24-acre landowner and homeopathic doctor, who is also manager of the asha kiran paraplegic rehabilitation centre at puntamba, puts the total farm loan defaults in the village at rs 1.
80 crore.
80 per cent of our farmers are staring at economic insolvency.
and these are not people who you could call poor by traditional standards, he says.
but according to him, loan defaults  hence the demand for waiver  are only symptom; the real underlying disease is low prices.
the unpaid loans owed by puntambas farmers are primarily to bank of maharashtra, axis bank and four pacs, which, in turn, have borrowed from the ahmednagar district central cooperative bank.
the puntamba farmers decision to go ahead with their shetkari sampa found favour with their counterparts in neighbouring villages and beyond.
as the movement spread to the entire western belt  from nashik, ahmednagar and pune down to satara, sangli and kolhapur  a five-member core committee was formed to negotiate with the state government.
the committee included dhananjay jadhav, who belonged to puntamba, and dhananjay dhorde from dongaon, a nearby village in vaijapur taluka.
the stir began as scheduled on june 1, but was called off after two days, following a meeting of the core committee with the chief minister fadnavis, who announced a rs 30,000 crore loan waiver package targeting small and marginal farmers in the state.
that decision, however, did not go well with most of puntambas farmers.
this was a complete betrayal.
how could they have taken the decision to withdraw?
they should at least have consulted the gram sabha, remarks dhananjay dhanvate.
one indicator of the mood at puntamba is that jadhav has not returned to the village since the june 3 meeting in mumbai that went on late into the night.
the puntamba farmers basic demand is a robust mechanism to ensure remunerative prices, which is the ultimate antidote to their chronic debt problems.
what stops the government from forcing dairies to pay its declared procurement price?
the rs 22 per litre price is not much, but can at least keep us afloat.
we can, then, try and cut costs through increased fodder yields and optimal feeding practices, observes nitin dhanvate.
there are some others  such as yogesh rayate of khadak malegaon village of nashiks niphad taluka  who suggest that the government could also disseminate regular production and sowing area updates for crops such as onions: the government already knows the minimum area required to avoid production shortage.
with satellite imagery, it is possible to also know the progressive area coverage on a daily basis.
if the farmer is provided both the former and latter data during the sowing season, he will know how much exactly to plant and avoid overproduction.
that suggestion is, perhaps, well worth considering in these troubled times.
the train, as railway officials put, is set to receive a grand welcome at the latur railway station on its arrival.
the train, as railway officials put, is set to receive a grand welcome at the latur railway station on its arrival.
at exactly 10.
55 pm on tuesday, the much-awaited 50-wagon train carrying 25 lakh litre of drinking water left miraj in sangli district for drought-hit latur city, a distance of around 342 kilometres.
it is expected to reach latur between 6 and 7 on wednesday morning.
the train had previously made as many as 9 trips, each time carrying 5 lakh litres of water, to the parched city.
the train, as railway officials put, is set to receive a grand welcome at the latur railway station on its arrival.
latur city mayor akhtar mistry, municipal commissioner sudhakar telang, locals, activists and local politicians seem to have geared up to welcome the jaldoot express, which was specially commissioned from kota in rajasthan to transport water to the 5 lakh people of latur city.
yes, i will be there early morning to welcome the train.
it is a big occasionthe train is coming with big relief for latur citizens who have been struggling to get drinking water, the mayor said.
shahbaz sayed of the azad yuva sanghatna, said they plan to felicitate the train driver.
it is momentous occasion for latur citizens who have to struggle for every drop of water.
every family in latur has to buy water everyday and put all their purchases on hold.
the citizens are under tremendous pressure, but this is some sort of relief.
the jaldoot first made its trial run on april 11.
the train initially faced several clearance issues due to the single line section from miraj to latur.
as a result the train reached latur in 17 hours.
however, the railways then pulled all stops to ensure that the train was given all the clearances during journey.
subsequently, the train took just 8-9 hours to reach latur.
in fact, once it surprised everyone in latur after it arrived in 6.
35 hours flat.
once it arrived in latur in just over 6 hours and another time in 7 seven hours.
we ensured that it had all the clearances, said r k sharma, senior divisional manager (operations) of solapur division of central railways.
while the solapur division of central railways ensured that jaldoot express navigated the tracks without any hitch, the pune division of the central railways took care of the loading of water at the miraj railway station.
the water is first pumped through a 4 km closed pipeline from the railway jackwell located on the banks of krishna river to the water treatment plant at miraj railway station.
from the plant it goes to haider khan well, which is at a distance of 2.
5 km.
and from the well to yard, the water travels through a closed pipeline into the waiting wagons.
the 10 wagon trains carried filtered water through smaller pipeline.
but after that the system was changed by placing bigger pipelines of 6 inches, the water would be flowing from filteration plant to the haider khan well and from there to the wagons, said railway officials.
latur district collector pandurang pole said they were refiltering the water before supplying to the citizens through tankers.
krishnat patil, operational manager, pune division, said they plan to run the train every day till the onset of moonsoon.
every day, civic body has pressed into service 450 trips by tankers.
each jaldoot trip will take care of the daily drinking water needs of the city, said district collector pandurang pole.
latur municipal commissioner sudhakar telang said that currently the civic body was supplying drinking water to a particular area only after 8-10 days, but that is set to change once the water is transported regularly to latur.
after getting 25 lakh litre water, the tanker trips will certainly go up and we will be in a position to provide water after at least every four days, he said.
latur city  which has a five lakh plus population  used to get water directly from manjara dam through a closed pipeline.
water was provided once every 8-10 days since the last monsoon.
however, after the manjara dam completely ran dry, water scarcity has doubled in latur.
the civic body officials then started lifting water from three other smaller dams whose water-levels are also fast depleting.
there are as many as 15,000 borewells  unofficially 40,000.
half of the borewells dont have waterothers are only a trickle, said the civic chief.
at the latur railway station, the water is decanted from the wagons into an 850 metre long rcc pipeline.
it is then released into the a nearby well which has a capacity of 17 lakh litre officials.
from the well, water is lifted through a high density plastic pipeline and loaded into waiting tankers.
from there it is being sent to the water filteration plant.
we are laying a three km direct pipeline from the well to the filteration plant.
its work is still under progress, said telang.
the state government has sanctioned rs 3 crore for the entire project.
the idea was mooted by a bjp leader makrand deshpande, who is also a member of the railway committee, from sangli.
when i first mooted the idea to chief minister devendrafadnavis at our meeting in nashik, the cm asked me to remind him next week.
when i reminded him, the cm immediately sent revenue minister eknath khadse to sangli to announce the project on april 5, he said.
the cm had spoken to railway minister suresh prabhu who immediately gave green signal to the plan, said deshpande.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis also appealed to voters across the state to exercise their voting right in order to strengthen democracy.
(source: pti) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis also appealed to voters across the state to exercise their voting right in order to strengthen democracy.
(source: pti)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who spearheaded bjps campaign for the civic polls, on tuesday exuded confidence that people will support the party on basis of the work it has done.
fadnavis, along with his wife amruta and mother, voted in the nagpur municipal corporation election at a booth near their residence in dharampeth here at around 11.
45 am.
watch what else is making newsthe chief minister, who is facing a battle of prestige in the election to 10 municipal corporation, including cash-rich brihanmumbai municipal corporation, told reporters, i have full faith that on the basis of work we (bjp) have done, people will back us.
he appealed to voters across the state to exercise their voting right in order to strengthen democracy.
fadnavis said voting is the responsibility of citizens and they should participate in the democratic process.
polling for brihanmumbai municipal corporation and nine other civic bodies across maharashtra got underway this morning with estranged allies bjp and shiv sena locked in an intense battle.
the supreme court wednesday fixed for final disposal a plea challenging the election of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to the state assembly for alleged non-disclosure of pending criminal cases against him in the nomination papers.
advertisinga bench comprising chief justice ranjan gogoi and justices deepak gupta and aniruddha bose said that it will list the plea for final disposal on july 23.
the bench was hearing a petition filed by one satish ukey seeking annulment of fadnaviss election to the maharashtra assembly on the ground of alleged non-disclosure of all pending criminal cases against him.
earlier, the apex court had issued a notice to the chief minister on an appeal by ukey against a bombay high court order which had dismissed his plea challenging the election of fadnavis.
advertisingthe petitioner had alleged that fadnavis, in his election affidavit filed in 2014, had failed to disclose the pendency of two criminal cases against him.
it was contended that the chief minister did not disclose the information as required of him under the election law and the non-disclosure of these two pending criminal cases was in violation of section 125a of the representation of peoples act of 1951 and constituted an offence in itself.
the two cases of alleged cheating and forgery were filed against fadnavis in 1996 and 1998 but charges were not framed.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(express photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(express photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis received two threat letters, allegedly from maoist organisations, sources in the state home department told pti on friday.
the letters were received by the chief ministers office a week ago and have been handed over to the police, the sources added.
the letters came after the recent anti-naxal operations in gadchiroli, in which 39 maoists were killed.
the letters have been handed over to the police for further investigations, the sources said.
it also said that both letters mentioned the gadchiroli encounters, and threatened fadnavis and his family members.
reacting to the letters, fadnavis told ani, several facts have surfaced in the letter.
police have seized it and it will be presented before the court.
a probe is underway to find more links.
he added, to say more than this at the moment wont be right.
but it is now certain that while armed forces are fighting naxals in forests, a large group is trying to misguide people in urban areas as well.
following the threat letter, the security of the cms kin will now be augmented.
according to sources, the family will now be given security cover under the y plus category.
while the cm already enjoys security under the z plus category, however, this will be tightened depending on the places he visits.
post the threat letter, security of maharashtra cms @dev_fadnavis kin augmented.
they will now have a y plus security cover.
cm already enjoys z plus security but his security specially the places he visit will be upgraded- police sources.
@indianexpress  rashmi rajput (@rashmirajput123) june 8, 2018prior to this, pune police had claimed to seize an email which hinted at plans to assassinate prime minister narendra modi in another rajiv gandhi type incident by targeting his roadshows.
while seeking police custody of the five persons who were arrested for alleged maoist links and were booked under provisions of the unlawful activities (prevention) act, district government pleader ujjwala pawar told a pune court about information gathered from the material seized from those picked up.
police sources had claimed that there is mention in this (seized) communication that modi has successfully established bjp government in more than 15 states, that if this pace continues, then it would mean immense trouble for the maoist party on all fronts, and that they were thinking along the lines of another rajiv gandhi type incident that targeting his roadshows could be an effective strategy.
maharashtra was the first state to ban gutkha and pan masala in july 2012.
file maharashtra was the first state to ban gutkha and pan masala in july 2012.
filethe new notification of maharashtra fda, dated july 17, has shocked public health experts and the medical fraternity because it has permitted the sale of flavoured supari or areca nut, popularly known as pan masala.
the notification states that while a one-member committee will decide on the ban of scented areca nut, the sale will be allowed.
who and several studies in india have proved beyond doubt that pan masala causes serious health hazards, including mouth and throat cancer.
all the research material has already been submitted to the fda several times for the last five years.
our state is bound to become a laughing stock if the pan masala ban isnt continued, said professor pankaj chaturvedi, tata memorial hospital.
incidentally, maharashtra was the first state to ban gutkha and pan masala in july 2012.
this was challenged by the gutkha industry in the bombay high court, but they didnt get any relief from the court.
the ban on pan masala was enforced because of the special power given by the food safety act to the food commissioner, to ban a harmful substance for a period of maximum one year.
encouraged by the success of the ban, successive fda commissioners renewed the notification and extended the ban on flavoured supari (without tobacco).
this ban was renewed with a new notification each year.
on july 1 last year, concerned individuals and institutions had petitioned chief minister devendrafadnavis , urging him to ban flavoured supari permanently and enforce the ban strictly.
the group included the director of the tata memorial hospital; 27 oncologists of the maharashtra cancer warriors, dean of the governmental dental college; president of the indian medical association; secretary of the indian dental association; cpaa, salaam bombay foundation and v care.
dr kailash sharma, director (academics), tata memorial hospital, wrote in his letter we sincerely urge you to continue the ban on flavoured chewing tobacco and flavored supari (pan masala) permanently to save our future generation.
currently, the ban is applicable for only one year and it has to be renewed annually.
ashok dhoble, secretary of the indian dental association, said, the epidemic of mouth cancer cannot be curtailed without a comprehensive prohibition of selling these lethal products freely as packaged mouth fresheners.
we sincerely request that you will use your good offices to continue the ban on these smokeless tobacco and supari products to prevent premature deaths in our country.
several oncologists from different districts, under the aegis of the maharashtra cancer warriors, as well as deans of dental colleges have also written to the chief minister and commissioner of fda, seeking a permanent ban.
y k sapru of cpaa had written to the cm: this is a request and an appeal not just from us, but from other ngos like us who are involved in tobacco control, and also from thousands of families and patients who have gone through the agony of tobacco-related cancers, and from hundreds of thousands of unsuspecting youths whose lives are at stake.
tshering bhutia of salaam bombay foundation wrote: in maharashtra, the health of children and youth have been benefited by the ban on pan masala.
we have been working in 15,000 zilla parishad schools and 220 schools in mumbai.
please make it permanent.
as per the global adult tobacco survey 2010, 27.
6 per cent of maharashtras adult population was chewing tobacco (jarda, khaini, mava, kharra, masheri, gudakhu, paan, gutkha, pan masala).
in terms of absolute numbers, nearly 2 crore people were using smokeless tobacco.
most of the consumers use smokeless tobacco along with supari (betel nut or areca nut).
this is causing epidemic proportion of fatal diseases such as heart attacks and strokes, apart from cancers.
mouth cancer is the most common cancer among men in maharashtra due to rampant supari chewing habit.
while the pune city police have deployed over 700 police officers, 7,500 staffers have also been roped in for a smooth voting process (express photo by pavan khengre) while the pune city police have deployed over 700 police officers, 7,500 staffers have also been roped in for a smooth voting process (express photo by pavan khengre)pune municipal corporation (pmc) goes to poll today to decide whether ncp will continue to be at the helm, or will bjp  already in power at the centre and state  take charge of the civic body too.
these polls are crucial for ncp as the civic bodies  pmc and neighbouring pcmc  are in the home district of party chief sharad pawar, while chief minister devendrafadnavis has made it a pride contest to validate the policies of bjp-led state and central government.
meanwhile, mns, congress and shiv sena are waging another battle to maintain their presence in city politics.
after weeks of campaigning, political parties are in for the final battle today as they expect 26,34,800 voters to exercise their franchise in the polls for 162 seats in pune.
live updates:2.
20 pm: pune election voting 30.
38  till 1.
30 pm.
1.
00 pm: a candidate conducts prayers inside the polling booth.
12.
30 pm: poll percentage up to 19.
5  till 11.
30 am.
10.
45 am: voter turnout in pune upto 9.
30 am was 12 .
10.
00 am: voter turnout in pcmc election till 9.
30 am was 7 .
9.
50 am: cricketer kedar jadhav casts his vote with family.
9.
30 am: union minister prakash javdekar, along with his family, casts vote.
(express photo) (express photo)9.
00 am: pune mayor prashant jagtap cast his vote.
8.
00 am: union minister prakash javadekar at pune mayur colony, jog school, to vote at 9.
7.
40 am: rss chief mohan bhagwat casts his vote at a polling booth in bharat mahila vidyalaya for nagpur municipal corporation elections.
7.
30 am: polling begins across 3,431 booths in the city.
shiv sena president uddhav thackeray along with maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/file) shiv sena president uddhav thackeray along with maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/file)on monday night, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray along with several other leaders of the party met fadnavis at his official residence varsha in mumbai.
the sena presented a series of complains related to coordination and lack of response from the administration to issues specially in mumbai, north maharashtra and konkan.
however, majority of complains presented to the cm were of a general nature.
the sena members said that projects related to slum redevelopment, bdd chawl redevelopment, housing projects in some of their areas in mumbai and suburbs were almost static.
they sought the chief ministers intervention to expedite the projects.
at the meeting that lasted for almost one-and-a-half-hours, senas 13 regional leaders who accompanied thackeray spoke about projects not making headway in their regions.
the sena senior cabinet ministers subash desai and eknath shinde were present.
thackeray made it clear that the sena had come with issues related to larger welfare of people and not with any vested interest.
according to a sena leader present at the meeting, the party members and local leaders did most of the talking to highlight their specific work.
they indicated that lack of response from officials often thwarted the work progress.
it was also pointed that when cabinet minister of bjp visits sena members constituency for any project, he/she is not kept informed.
the sena officials admitted, fadnavis response to all their problems was very positive and supportive.
last month, fadnavis had a meeting with thackeray at matoshree (bandra) where fadnavis urged thackeray to ask their members to draw a list of issues on which they are complaining, to facilitate a quick solution.
in response, thackeray, along with 15 members met fadnavis.
a senior bjp official said, on matters related to public welfare, fadnavis has always given priority.
he has never allowed politics to come in the way of development work of maharashtra.
yet, if there are some local issues which sena pointed out, the chief minister will surely act on it, he added.
finance minister sudhir mungantiwar (right) with chief minister devendrafadnavis after presenting the budget at vidhan bhawan in mumbai on wednesday.
(source: ganesh shirsekar)infrastructure and urban development are two of the maharashtra governments five priority areas, finance minister sudhir mungantiwar spelled out on wednesday in his budget announcements for 2015-16.
a good portion of the budgetary allocations towards infrastructure have been earmarked for boosting schemes launched by the modi government in the centre or for funding state-level versions of it.
a major thrust has been on roads with an outlay of rs 3,213 crore covering 5,000 km across the state.
in addition to an outlay of rs 861 crore under the pradhan mantri gram sadak yojana, mungantiwar has announced a mukhyamantri gramin marg yojana with an initial outlay of rs 300 crore for constructing roads to connect villages with growing populations.
the defect liability period for road works has been increased from the existing six months to five years.
defect liability refers to the time-frame under which the contractor is liable to repair any defect after the work is completed.
along the lines of prime minister narendra modis ambitious model village scheme for mps, the finance minister has announced the launch of a mla model village scheme under which states 288 elected representatives are encouraged to come forward to adopt a village each.
with an initial outlay of rs 25 crore, the scheme aims at covering 1,000 villages over the next five years.
it proposes to bear 50 per cent of the cost of developing the village provided the mla uses his funds to meet the remaining cost.
another pet project of the prime minister, the swachh bharat abhiyaan has been allocated rs 320 crore for cities and towns and rs 490 crore for rural areas as part of the states share in the scheme.
likewise, for inclusion of more cities in the central governments smart cities initiative, an outlay of rs 268 crore has been proposed for 2015-16.
mungantiwar also emphasized on modi governments housing for all by 2022 while announcing an outlay of rs 884 crore for a meeting the construction target of 1 lakh houses under various existing schemes.
the minister also launched a scheme named after pandit deendayal upadhyaya for providing financial assistance of rs 50,000 to every below poverty line family for buying land to build homes.
much of the remaining outlay for infrastructure has been for funding previously planned projects such as mumbai metro line 3, nagpur and pune metro projects, purchase of state transport buses and bus depot repairs, funding under-construction railway projects, airport development and land acquisition for the mihan project in nagpur.
the combined outlay for power generation projects including hydro-power and infrastructure for distribution works out to rs 1,973 crore.
while touching upon its make in maharashtra agenda for simplifying procedures for setting up of new industries, mungantiwar announced an outlay of rs 30,150 crore for the coming fiscal year for 25 mega industrial projects that were approved in the 2014-15.
significant budgetary outlays for promotion of tourism including eco-tourism and the preservation of 10 forts.
managing director (mmrc) ashwini bhide said, we had received a representation in this regard from a construction project in dadar.
this was communicated to the government.
we are yet to receive a response.
managing director (mmrc) ashwini bhide said, we had received a representation in this regard from a construction project in dadar.
this was communicated to the government.
we are yet to receive a response.
mumbais first underground metro rail, the colaba-bandra-seepz line, has reportedly pushed up project costs for some construction projects in its vicinity.
the mumbai metro rail corporation limited (mmrc), which is developing the project, now wants the maharashtra government to compensate for this rising cost.
the agency is learnt to have written to the urban development department led by chief minister devendrafadnavis seeking grant of transferable development rights (tdr).
the mmrc wants the state to consider this for building projects located in the influence zone of the metro corridor.
the tdr, issued in the form of a development rights certificate  it is nothing but floating floor space index (fsi)  which allows builders additional construction rights when they construct or redevelop buildings.
the tdr can also be sold in the market.
currently, there is no provision to provide tdr for losses or increases in cost of a project.
the governments existing norms recognise generation of tdr when a landowner surrenders land to the government for building public amenities or rehousing slum dwellers and project-affected people.
further, for properties marked as grade-i and grade-ii heritage structures, tdr is admissible for loss of development rights.
while the mmrc has now been asked to submit more details, some senior officials have questioned the proposal.
how does one measure the extent of the increase in project cost, an official asked.
another senior official pointed out that accepting mmrcs proposal could lead to other similar requests.
a ruling party mla has been demanding tdr to compensate builders for height restrictions in the airport funnel.
an approval to mmrcs request could be seen as a precedent, said the officer.
managing director (mmrc) ashwini bhide said, we had received a representation in this regard from a construction project in dadar.
this was communicated to the government.
we are yet to receive a response.
construction work for the 33.
5-km metro line has begun.
while the tunnel is proposed to be 20-25 metres below surface, the government has imposed certain conditions on ongoing building constructions within 500 metres on either side of the corridor.
an noc from the mmrc is mandatory, said bhide.
as a safety measure, such construction projects are expected to take additional measures.
some have complained that this has pushed up costs, impacting the viability of their projects.
b'govind pansare govind pansarethe family of anti-superstition activist govind pansare, who was murdered on february 20, 2015 in kolhapur, has urged chief minister devendrafadnavis to hand over the case to the cbi as they are not happy with the way the special investigation team is conducting the probe.
in a letter to fadnavis on thursday, the family wrote, as you are aware, comrade govindrao pansare and his chief minister devendrafadnavis were taking a morning stroll on february 16, 2015.
during the stroll, gunshots were fired at them by assailants on a motorcycle.
comrade govindrao pansare succumbed to injuries on february 20 in mumbai.
uma pansare recovered from the attack but remains under medication and is recuperating at her home.
the letter has been signed by uma pansare, wife of the slain rationalist, and megha pansare, his daughter-in-law.
it has already been 16 months to the incidence of the brutal attack on pansare and his wife.
in response to our demand, the government has constituted an sit to investigate the case.
there has been only one arrest of that of sameer vishnu gaikwad since the investigation started.
the pansare family has already moved the high court and the investigation is being monitored by the honourable high court in both pansare and dr narendra dabholkar assassinations, megha said.
watch video: whats making newsthe letter said, we were forced to approach the high court for monitoring the investigation as the progress of the investigation was very slow.
the court considered the petition and kept monitoring the investigation.
the court has observed in its order that confidence needs to be given to the families of the deceased and efforts should be taken to carry out a cohesive and coordinated investigation and the investigation agencies should show real and concrete progress in the investigation.
the intervention of the court has pushed the investigation agencies to act quickly.
the family said that initially, the link between the murders of pansare and dabholkar was not clear.
however, in the course of investigation, the link between not only the two murders, but also the third murder of mm kalburgi in karnataka, can be seen prima facie.
as reported by newspapers, one witness kept on giving information to maharashtra police on which they never acted.
the pansare family has time and again requested the sit investigating officers to visit the sanatan sansthas ashram in goa, but till date, they have not taken any steps and there is no progress.
hence, we want the case to be transferred to cbi for a better flow of investigation and its progress, the letter said.
megha said, it was expected that the sit would work hard with transparency and come to a logical conclusion of the investigation.
however, it has been observed that the sit has completely stopped functioning since quite a few months.
there have been transfers of a number of high profile police officers like ig ritesh kumar, additional sp ankit goyal, sp manoj kumar sharma, and now additional sp s chaitanya.
ankit goyal and s chaitanya, both additional district superintendents of police, were transferred barely six months after being appointed as the investigating officers in the case.
s chaitanya handed over charge to suhel sharma, but he has been on leave since the day he was appointed.
in sharmas absence, dinesh bari is handling the case.
such a sensitive case has been handled by relatively young officers who have been in service for barely three to four years.
we are under the impression that the sit and maharashtra police are not serious about the investigations.
megha further said, in the recent past, virendra tawade, a member of the sanatan sanstha, was arrested and presented in pune court for custody.
while seeking his custody, a statement was made by the cbi that there is a direct connection between the murders.
the forensic report as per newspapers also show that one weapon has been used in both the murders.
under such circumstances, it would be appropriate to refer the investigation of my father-in-laws murder case to the cbi.
initially, we opposed handing over the investigation to the cbi, as the facts arising were not within our knowledge.
now, it is crystal clear that the same group of people was involved in both the murders.
the scope of the investigation also demands that the investigation agency should visit goa, maharashtra, karnataka and other places where the alleged involvement of the organisation is apparent.
therefore, in all fairness, the investigation should be handed over to the cbi.
fortunately, the said agency has made a lot of progress and therefore, it is necessary that the investigation should be handed over to cbi, megha added.
megha said that the arrest of tawade by the cbi in the dabholkar murder case has prompted them to request the state government with a plea to hand over the case to the cbi, as it is appropriate for the investigation agency totake over the case so that uniform investigation can be conducted along with the dabholkar murder case.
the cbi suspects that the same group of people was involved in the murder of communist leader comrade govind pansare.
in the investigation, it has also appeared that there is a common nexus between the murders of the rationalists as there was a use of similar weapons and a common modus operandi involving members of the sanatan sanstha.
hence, we are requesting the transfer of this murder case to cbi, megha iterated.
the letter said that investigation by one agency is essential for a transparent, fair and quick conclusion.
the cbi has already made progress in the investigation and is well aware of the facts.
therefore, in the interest of justice, it is necessary to hand over the investigation to the cbi, the letter said.
uma pansare said that as per law in the present circumstances, the investigation can be handed over to cbi either by the state government or the high court.
we are earnestly requesting you to transfer the investigation and all litigations in respect of the pansare murder case to the cbi.
you have been extending us full cooperation, support and therefore, we are requesting you to transfer the investigation to the cbi.
we also request you to depute officers of the maharashtra government as deputed in the dabholkar murder case from kolhapur to assist the cbi, the letter further said.
to empower women from minorities communities by providing them skill development training, the state cabinet on tuesday approved 2,800 bachatgats (self-help groups) in 14 backward districts.
for this, the government is set to incur an expenditure of rs 6.
3 crore.
advertisingthese self-help groups (shgs) will come up in 14 districts of aurangabad, nagpur and amravati division.
the districts of akola, amravati, buldhana, yavatmal, hingoli, osmanabad, latur, beed, chandrapur, wardha, bhandara, gondia, gadchiroli and washim will each see 200 shgs being set up.
the women would be trained for a minimum three months.
emphasise will be also be given on making the women self-reliant within six months.
the emphasise is on developing their skill through specialised training.
the shgs will enroll women representing minority communities such as muslim, jain, boudh, sikh, parsi and jews.
the priority will be given to women belonging poor and backward categories.
the mahila arthik vikas mahamandal, a government organisation that works for the welfare of women, will play an important role in the working of these shgs.
under this scheme, the newly created shgs in nanded, karanja (washim), aurangabad and nagpur will provide skill development training to women from the minority communities.
the state government has decided to bear the burden of payment of rs 8 crore to farmers in wardha district defaulted by a prominent cotton trader, at least for the time being.
sunil talatule, the trader, had failed to pay hundreds of cotton farmers against a purchase of their produce from november 2014 to may 2014.
till then, he used to make regular payments against the purchases made, thereby winning the farmers trust.
talatule belongs to the family of one of the founding members of the rss, babasaheb talatule, and the farmers had protested at nagpur alleging that the trader was being shielded by the bjp-led government in the state.
the agitation was called off after the state government promised to pay the farmers by auctioning talatules properties.
the issue, however, kept hanging fire following talatule moving the high court and securing a stay on the auctioning process.
the stay is still in force.
on monday, in a special meeting convened by chief minister devendrafadnavis , it was decided that the state will give the money to seloo agriculture produce marketing committee (apmc) as a soft loan.
it is sought to be paid back by the apmc once the way gets paved for the auctioning of talatules properties.
wardha collector shailesh nawal told the indian express: this is a stop-gap arrangement till the auctioning of talatules properties take place after the court finally clears it.
udayanraje bhosale, the 13th direct descendant of chhatrapati shivaji and ncp mp from satara, is set to join the bjp on saturday in the presence of prime minister narendra modi in delhi.
the sharad-pawar led ncp has termed the development good riddance and said bhosale was at the root of all problems within the partys satara unit.
advertisingi received inspiration to carry out social work from the love and blessings of you all.
hope the same love and blessings will be with me forever, bhosale tweeted on friday.
bhosale will resign as mp and seek re-election, said his aide milind gaiwkad.
accompanied by the chief minister (devendra fadnavis), he will fly to delhi from pune in a chartered plane.
around 9 pm, he will submit his resignation to the lok sabha speaker, he said.
according to sources, the delay in bhosale joining bjp was caused due to several conditions he set, including his insistence on joining the party in the presence of the prime minister.
advertisingbhosale met pawar on wednesday, triggering speculation that he had decided against quitting the ncp.
however, ncp sources have said he met pawar to seek his blessings and thank him for his support during his time in the party.
ncp spokesperson nawab malik underplayed bhosales exit.
its good riddance for us.
henceforth, there will be no trouble in our satara unit he said.
bjp leaders said bhosales entry will strengthen the party not just in satara but across maharashtra.
his entry will help the party consolidate maratha votes.
since he shivajis direct descendant, he commands immense respect among the people, a bjp leader said.
while 179 people from maharashtra are believed to be stranded after a landslide near vishnuprayag on the badrinath route in uttarakhand, the state disaster management authority (sdma) said that 712 tourists from the state were on a visit to the pilgrimage destination at present.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis told the assembly on saturday that they have ascertained a total of179 passengers to be from the state.
the chief minister had earlier in the day said 102 passengers were from aurangabad, 33 from pune, 58 from sangli and six from jalgaon.
on saturday, ncp mla ajit pawar raised the issue of the safety of the state tourists, following which the cm made a statement on the floor of the house.
fadnavis said the state had a permanent system in place through the disaster management department to coordinate during such operations.
r nirvatkar, director, sdma, said, we have identified that there are about 712 passengers from across the state.
we are coordinating with the chamoli district authorities, including the collector.
we have been informed that the roads have opened up.
there will be coordination with the railways too to make arrangements for the safe return of these passengers, chamoli district collector ashish joshi said the roads had opened since saturday evening.
currently, there are no stranded passengers.
after the roads were opened, buses have begun plying passengers to safer destinations, joshi said.
the highway connecting rishikesh and badrinath was closed on friday near vishnuprayag in chamoli district due to a landslide.
border roads organisation personnel were engaged in clearing the roads to rescue stranded passengers.
after sena snapped pre-poll ties, the chief minister had said, to us power is not the goal.
it is a medium to bring transformation through development work.
after sena snapped pre-poll ties, the chief minister had said, to us power is not the goal.
it is a medium to bring transformation through development work.
a day after shiv sena president uddhav thackeray declared that the party would contest alone in the municipal corporation and zilla parishad polls across maharashtra, the bjp has convened a public rally at the same venue  at nsc grounds in goregaon  to take vijay sankalp or victory pledge.
it was an indication that the real battle for the municipal polls is between the sena and the bjp, with the opposition parties congress and ncp relegated to secondary roles.
watch what else is making news:the sena, in a bid to expand its electoral base, is avoiding any anti-migrant stand.
the party is, however, banking on hindutva and emotive issues.
the bjp plank is transparency and development.
senior sena ministers had already scaled up the attack against an alleged government order disallowing religious pictures in government offices.
a delegation of ministers met chief minister devendrafadnavis , who denied issuing any such order from the general administrative department (gad).
he urged sena ministers not to jump to conclusions on half-baked information.
while the government has issued a showcause notice to an official, education minister vinod tawde said, there was no such ordinance issued by the government.
the clarification was issued on january 25 itself.
the sena ministers should have obtained proper information before making it an issue.
the senas decision to rake up emotive issues in a bid to beat the bjp is part of their long-drawn strategy.
a senior minister said, hard hindutva is our core agenda.
we will revert to it with such issues which work in polls.
however, they reckon that bjp has an advantage in the chief ministers clean image and development drive.
the sena, hoping for votes from north indians along with maratha votes (traditional base), has decided against any anti-migrant campaigns.
a sena poll manager said, in mumbai, we will whip up late bal thackerays connect.
but to get our point across maharashtra we have to target pms policies and talk hindutva.
the bjps agenda, on the other hand, is development through clean and transparent work.
fadnavis is leading the bjps battle.
politics for parivartan.
power for development.
these will be some of the catchlines to be delivered by the bjp leaders in rallies during the run-up to the elections.
after sena snapped pre-poll ties, the chief minister had said, to us power is not the goal.
it is a medium to bring transformation through development work.
the bjp is also set to expose alleged corruption and administrative failure in mumbai during the senas 19-year tenure.
bjp mp kirit somaiya said, yes, we will expose corruption in the bmc in the coming days.
it was loot of public money.
the sena would be looking at countering bjps anti-corruption campaign.
a sena official said, uddhav thackerays decision to take the lead to snap a pre-poll alliance was a tactic to drive the point home that they still call the shots in mumbai.
and that they would not get intimidated by the bjps electoral growth.
however, an insider in the sena said, any pre-poll alliance would have created unrest in the party and led to mass exodus.
not surprisingly, at a foundation day function thackeray had publicly said, those who want to leave are free to go.
they should do it right away.
those who are committed to late bal thackeray and sena will always stay.
shiv sena ministers called on chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday and asked him to put across to the centre the need for a loan waiver for farmers in maharashtra.
the sena also asked the cm that he should meet the prime minister and forcefully put across a case for a loan waiver.
the cm has accepted this and also shown the willingness to lead a delegation of sena leaders to meet the pm for this demand, shiv sena leader and cabinet minister ramdas kadam said.
the sena has also threatened to keep its agitation going if loan waiver is not announced soon.
it is the senas long standing demand that farmers should be given loan waiver.
till that does not happen the sena will aggressively take up the issue on the floor of the house, sena mla sunil prabhu said.
the shiv sena, which has been vocal about the need for a complete loan waiver for farmers in the state, was trying to take some political credit for the move, which may be formally announced by the state government in the next few days.
we have told the cm that he should make a statement in the house and make the governments stand clear.
we are hopeful that work in the house will resume once this is done, said diwakar raote, transport minister and senior sena leader.
the sena delegation met the cm after holding discussions with party chief uddhav thackeray thursday.
the sena, inspite being in the government, has been supporting the opposition in its demand for a loan waiver.
the combined opposition, with the tacit support of the sena, has not allowed the legislative assembly to function for one week.
the sena is particularly vocal over the issue as it wants to break away from under the bjps ever-increasing shadow.
while its growth has plateaued, the bjp is expanding its footprint in the state.
devendra fadnavis and devendrafadnavis devendrafadnavis and kristalina georgievachief minister devendrafadnavis met world bank ceo devendrafadnavis at washington dc.
two projects were mooted for the world banks assistance: rural transformation through sustainable livelihood in 10,000 villages and a multimodal transport corridor in the mumbai metropolitan region.
both projects elicited positive response from the world bank.
during my meeting with wb ceo devendrafadnavis , we discussed rural transformation for sustainable livelihood in 10,000 villages and a multimodal transport corridor in mumbai metropolitan region.
the world bank has assured it would positively consider both projects.
apart from these, the wb agreed to provide greater support for rural solar grid and drought mitigation, fadnavis said.
it was notable to see the world bank appreciating maharashtras land acquisition reform policy, which mandates consent and highest compensation.
later, fadnavis held a series of meetings and interactions.
the ford motor company submitted a proposal of 50 million usd for setting up a centre of excellence for integrated mobility in maharashtra.
clay nesler, the vice-president, global sustainability and industry initiatives, johnson controls, offered to invest in intelligent traffic control systems in india.
fadnavis also met david sutton of lockheed martin and invited him to nagpur.
the state government has earmarked nagpur as a defense hub.
mumbais coastal zone map will soon be superimposed on the citys main development plan with the union environment ministry accepting mumbai municipalitys proposal of integrating the approval process for environment clearance for construction projects with its online building approvals portal.
advertisingonce rolled out, the reform will ensure that developers or land owners, whose plots are affected by coastal zone regulations, wont need to file a separate application for environment clearance.
senior civic official said this was being done as a part of a project to improve the ease of doing business.
confirming the ministrys acceptance, anil diggikar, principal secretary, environment, government of maharashtra, said, the reform will be implemented within the next two months mumbais coastal zone map is currently under revision.
once this is done, well integrate it with the bmcs online platform.
the mumbai municipality has also approached other central ministries  railways, defence, petroleum and aviation  to develop software applications that can similarly be integrated on the same platform.
advertisingwe have already plotted the high tide line and buffer zones for railways, defence and petroleum installations on the gis platform.
the ministries concerned have been asked to ratify these, and also the software applications on their side that would allow permissions and nocs required from them to be issued online, a senior civic official.
if the remaining central agencies also agree to the plan, itll also be the first such exercise in the country when maps and plans belonging to lands owned by the centre would be superimposed on a citys development plan.
the plan is to reduce the hassle in obtaining a construction permit by making travel to multiple offices redundant.
a common application form filled on the bmcs online platform would be valid for all approvals, a senior official said.
with all three stages  building approval, plinth approval and completion-cum-occupancy certificate  now processed online, the single-window clearance facility is also aimed at reducing discretion in the approval process, he added.
with the world banks ease of doing business rankings for india assessed based on the data collected from mumbai and delhi, the performance of the two cities is key to improving the countrys overall ranking.
last year, the country had jumped 23 places to the 77th spot, riding mainly on the re-engineering of the building approvals system in mumbai.
last february, maharashtras revenue department integrated its own software application with the portal, allowing property card extracts to be mined on a real time basis.
in 2017, the world bank report had found that it took 37 steps and 128.
5 days to obtain a construction permit in the financial capital.
it also indicated the cost of a construction permit in mumbai was on the higher side.
the bmc has now claimed that the total number of steps has come down to 20.
earlier this month, chief minister devendrafadnavis had slashed premiums collected for additional buildable space that are bound to bring down the cost of a construction project.
the plan in the long-term plan is to reduce the total number of processes for obtaining all construction permits to just eight, and reduce the average time for completing the entire approval cycle to just 60 days.
the centres niti aayog has been personally monitoring the progress in this regard, officials said.
on wednesday, senior government officials will meet representatives from the building industry to discuss some other measures that can be undertaken to improve the ease of obtaining a construction permit.
a special train has been arranged for all the passengers from kalyan to kolhapur, the cm said.
govt to reduce gst rate on electrical vehicles, ev chargersthe gst council on saturday decided to reduce the tax rate on electrical vehicles from 12 per cent to 5 per cent and on ev chargers from 18 per cent to 5 per cent from august 1.
the council has also approved an exemption from gst on the hiring of electric buses by local authorities.
advertisingexplained: why the killing of jem commander munna lahori is a big success for security forcesin a joint operation, jammu and kashmir police and the army killed two militants, including a foreign national on saturday.
the police have identified the pakistani national as munna lahori, a top commander of jaish-e-mohammad (jem) militant outfit.
his killing is seen as a huge setback to jaish in particular and militants in general especially at a time when they were planning a shift of strategy from stand-off attacks to ied blasts.
dont think we need to protect ms dhoni, he will protect the citizens: army chiefwith ms dhoni undertaking patrolling and guard duty with his battalion in kashmir, army chief general bipin rawat said he does not think the former indian cricket captain needs protection.
since the news broke out, safety concerns of dhoni performing his duties in the valley have been raised.
the wicketkeeper-batsman opted to serve the territorial army unit of the parachute regiment.
avengers endgame: this deleted scene of tony stark is reminiscent of game of thronestony starks death at the end of avengers endgame came as a blow to the audience.
even the toughest viewers couldnt hold back their tears as stark bid goodbye.
in a deleted scene from the film, we get to see the immediate reaction of the rest of the avengers as tony passes away.
this deleted scene involved all the avengers and other superheroes kneeling on the ground in his respect.
cyprus bishop says gay people are created if parents have unnatural sex, creates stir onlinea bishop in cyprus has taken social media by storm with his bizarre statement about homosexuals.
church of cyprus bishop neophytos masouras of morphou claimed that unborn babies turn gay when their pregnant mothers have anal sex.
according to cyprus mail, the christian bishop told an audience at a primary school in akaki last month that homosexuality is usually a problem transferred to a foetus when a pregnant woman has anal sex and enjoys it.
express expressin a crucial poll that would define the future course of city politics in the coming years, as many as 26,34,800 voters are expected to exercise their franchise in the pune municipal corporation (pmc) poll on tuesday to ascertain whether the ncp continues to be at the helm of the civic body or will it be the bjp grabbing the spotlight this time, completing a full circle by taking charge of the civic body too after being at power at the centre and the state.
watch what else is in the newsalso, the mns, congress and shiv sena are waging another battle to maintain their presence in city politics.
the ncp has been in power in pmc since 2007 after emerging as the single largest party by dislodging the power of congress.
however, the party never managed to get the majority and had to ally with the shiv sena and bjp in 2007 before joining hands with the congress.
incidentally, the ncp failed to convert its strength in civic body by getting its candidates to make it to the state assembly.
the bjp, on the other hand, is banking on 2014 state assembly and lok sabha election results to get control over the civic corridors and establish their dominance at all level of politics.
the bjp had been the fourth largest party in the 2012 civic polls and all changed during the lok sabha elections with the party winning with a record margin and making a clean sweep grabbing all eight assembly seats from the city.
much is at stake for the ncp as the civic bodies pmc and neighbouring pcmc are in the home district of ncp chief sharad pawar while chief minister devendrafadnavis has made it a contest of pride as the mandate would be considered as a response to the policies of bjp-led state and central government.
the shiv sena after snapping ties with the bjp would play crucial role in the outcome of the overall result considering the division of the votebank of the saffron alliance of the past where as the mns that has sprung a surprise in the 2012 civic polls by emerging as the second-largest party is struggling to regain its popularity.
of all the political parties, the congress that saw its downfall from being the leading party in city a decade ago is struggling to keep its existence intact and has forged a pre-poll alliance with the ncp.
residents hope voting for nota may make a difference.
express photo residents hope voting for nota may make a difference.
express photovoicing their resentment against all political parties, nearly 1,500 residents of nine housing societies in borivali have put up a banner at their gate which reads no conveyance for society, no vote for election as they have collectively decided to vote for the none of the above (nota) option in the civic polls next week.
the members of the societies claimed that the deemed conveyance of their buildings have been sold to two builders without their consent and despite approaching gopal shetty, the bjp member of parliament from the area, no one has come forward to help them.
the residents even alleged that when they approached bjp member of parliament gopal shetty with their demand six months ago, shetty allegedly stated that their votes wont matter much for the party.
watch what else is making newseven after multiple meetings with him and complaints to prime minister narendra modi, mr shetty only spoke in the builders favour and did not do anything to help us.
when we told him that we wont vote for the bjp unless he helps us, he simply said our votes wont make any difference to the party, said javeri.
another resident, 59-year-old jatin shah from darshan mandir cooperative housing society, said they tried to approach local bjp corporator beena doshi but she too refused to help them.
in 2014, we even approached sanjay nirupam.
since congress never came to power, they did not help us either.
we had thought that since majority of our families are gujarati, bjp would help us.
but they support the builders and only work to further their profits.
we have thus decided not to vote for any party and cast our votes for nota, he said.
tushar javeri of shri vivekanand nagar cooperative housing society added that the residents of the nine buildings constituted about 10 per cent of the voters in the ward.
if at least 1,300 residents make a statement by voting for nota, perhaps it can make a difference, he said.
according to the residents, out of the nine buildings in korakendra near sv road, which is mostly occupied by gujaratis, the deemed conveyance and land rights have been sold to a particular developer while six others have been sold to another developer in a similar fashion by their original individual builders.
javeri said several buildings had litigations pending in the same matter and no solution was in sight.
as per norms, the deemed conveyance and the land rights are supposed to be transferred to the society four months after it is formed.
our original builder sold the land rights and deemed conveyance to another builder without taking our consent or even informing us.
we found out much later when we approached the deputy registrar to apply for the deemed conveyance, he said.
despite having all other documents including the occupation certificate, the members of the housing societies are worried since they will be unable to take up the redevelopment of their building.
our building was constructed in 1979 and when we need to take up the redevelopment we will have no freedom.
the builder will exploit us and we will have no say in the conditions for the re-development even though the land rightfully belongs to us, said shah.
apart from the issue of the deemed conveyance, residents of the buildings had other complaints against the local bjp corporator beena doshi who is now contesting from ward 17 (chikuwadi, poisar bus depot) regarding civic issues.
lalit modi (73), a resident of sagar deep darshan housing society, said doshi lacked empathy towards senior citizens.
a few months ago, the lid of one of the manholes on the footpath adjacent to our compound wall went missing.
i had approached doshi to look into it.
the manhole was covered with a lid that was significantly larger and anyone could have tripped on it.
when i approached her again, she retorted that we should watch our step and walk, he said.
refuting the claims, doshi stated that she had addressed all the issues brought forth to her by the residents.
i work as a corporator and the issue of their deemed conveyance does not fall within the jurisdiction of the bmc and isnt among my duties.
as for covering of the manholes, we can only facilitate the work and we dont make the lids.
it is the job of the bmc administration to ensure that the lid fits perfectly and the administration has time and again failed to support us adequately, she said.
when contacted, shetty refuted the allegations made by the residents and said he had written to the bmc asking them to inquire into the matter.
all of this is a political fabrication and i have never said anything like this to the residents.
in fact, when they had approached me i had written a letter to the building proposal department to inquire into the matter, conduct a hearing and resolve the issue, he said.
shetty added that he would write to chief minister devendrafadnavis to order a cbi inquiry against such fabricated allegations.
i will request the cm that if there is anything that i have done wrong in the last 25 years of my political career then they should put me behind bars, he said.
at 79, former maharashtra chief minister sharad pawar should be at the fag end of his career.
but a crushing defeat in the lok sabha elections coupled with mass defections has left the nationalist congress party tottering, and the onus has yet again fallen on the septuagenarian to resurrect his partys fortunes.
according to sources, pawar has been personally reaching out to disgruntled sections in the faction-ridden party in a bid to stem the outgoing trend.
on sunday, he also sent out a strong message, saying that he has faced such a situation in the past as well, and accused the bjp of misusing its power to poach opposition legislators.
advertisingheadless bodyfor the past 14 months, the maharashtra public service commission (mpsc) has been functioning without a full-time chairman.
also, four out of the six posts of members on the commission are vacant.
retired bureaucrat chandrasekhar oak, who is one of the two serving members, has been holding the post of an acting chairman since v n mores retirement last may.
at a time when the state government has undertaken a mega recruitment drive, questions are being raised over the chief ministers reluctance to fill up the vacant posts in the commission.
sources confirmed that the vacancies have hit the commissioners functioning.
information leakncp leader chhagan bhujbal has been in touch with shiv senas top leadership for some time now, but according to sources the information leak regarding his likely induction into the party and the subsequent banners which were erected cautioning the party leadership against the move seems to be a part of the stratagem of some second-rung leaders in the party.
insiders agreed that there is some sense of political insecurity among some ministers because bhujbal will have to be given a significant position or a role within the party.
but despite the opposition from within, sources said that party negotiators have continued talks with the former deputy chief minister.
advantage deoraas the cold war between mumbai congress leaders milind deora and sanjay nirupam continues, the former appears to have got an edge following developments this past week.
not only did the congresss leadership appoint a person of deoras choice as a working president in mumbai, all india congress committee leader mallikarjun kharge also announced that the party had not accepted deora resignation from the mumbai presidents post yet.
former mp eknath gaikwad was named as the working president, with kharge observing that he and deora will work together.
in the run-up to the state polls, the chief ministers office has been closely monitoring the status of implementation of various schemes and infrastructure projects.
at a state cabinet meet a month or so ago, some ministers had raised concerns over the pace of implementation of the schemes.
state cabinet minister girish mahajan met bjp mla laxman jagtap at his residence on monday evening to resolve the ongoing cold war between bjp and shiv sena leaders in maval.
mahajan was reportedly deputed by chief minister devendrafadnavis to take stock of the situation.
advertisingshiv sena mla gautam chabukswar was also present at the hour-long meeting.
jagtap and several bjp corporators close to him have not been campaigning for sena candidate shrirang barne, alleging that he had been critical of the prime minister, the chief minister and the bjp-ruled states in the past.
jagtap said he has told mahajan whatever he had to.
asked whether all differences have been resolved, jagtap said chabukswar will speak about it.
chabukswar said the picture will become clear in two days.
snarls are routine on the road under the metro tracks in andheri west.
source: amit chakravarty snarls are routine on the road under the metro tracks in andheri west.
source: amit chakravartya month after the residents of marol filed a criminal complaint against the high-decibel noise at night, due to the ongoing construction of metro 3, the contractor firm has decided to provide them with soundproof windows.
besides, mumbai metro rail corporation (mmrc) and their contractor larsen & tubro (l&t) will also install noise barriers in the areas surrounding the project site.
initially, on an experimental basis, the contractor will fit soundproof windows in one room of a four-bedroom apartment near the construction site.
if proven successful, other residences will be provided the same.
watch what else is making newswe have told our contractor l&t to remain within the stipulated noise levels during construction.
the contractor proposed providing soundproof windows and noise barriers to minimise nuisance, said r ramana, executive director (planning), mmrc.
speaking on the condition of anonymity, the resident to receive the first soundproof window said, they will fit the first window on february 19 and, if it works, they will make all the windows soundproof.
thereafter, other houses will be provided the same.
though it seems as a half-hearted effort following the criminal complaint against them, i am glad they are at least doing something.
we have been bearing with noise levels of up to 95 db for non-stop 18 hours everyday.
any more of it will turn us deaf.
considered to be the worst-affected resident, living on the first floor of a building barely 50 metres from the construction site, he admits mmrc has recently reduced their work post 10 pm.
while hailing it as a good move, noise activist sumaira abdulali warned that mmrc should not use it as an excuse to create more noise.
these windows might be successful, but what remains to be seen is if this will be provided only to those who complained, or to everyone.
also, placing soundproof windows creates the need for air-conditioning and not everyone may be able to afford that, she said.
conducting piling work at a municipal ground in marol, mmrc will also place sound barrier equipment at several spots.
meanwhile, mumbai metropolitan region development authority, responsible for the implementation of the other five metro lines in the city, has sought permission from central pollution control board (cpcb) to continue construction activity post 10 pm, to fast-track the construction.
tree felling for metro 3: environment activists meet chief ministerchief minister devendrafadnavis has assured that a committee will be set up to look into the massive tree felling for the construction of metro 3.
in a meeting with some of the citys green activists, fadnavis emphasised that the purpose of the 33.
5-km metro line was to reduce carbon footprints and the rampant hacking of trees would defeat the purpose.
the cm spoke to mumbai metro rail corporation (mmrc) managing director ashwini bhide, and sought for a committee to relook into the chopping of so many trees for the metro construction.
he suggested that we also be a part of the committee to suggest ways to undertake the construction with as little damage to the trees as possible, said zoru bhatena, one of the activists who met the cm.
the construction of the colaba-bandra-seepz corridor is set to affect 5012 trees in the city, and about 100 trees have already been chopped in the cuffe parade area.
shiv sena executive president uddhav thackeray.
shiv sena executive president uddhav thackeray.
the shiv sena today said the loan waiver decision was due to its constant throttling of the maharashtra government and that it has opted to remain in power to shake chairs of lazy persons.
the sena said the protests by farmers had its backing and the partys message was either to announce a complete loan waiver or get strangulated to death.
the government adopted a dictator-like stand over farmer protests.
yet, farmers unity was the defeat of the government.
by announcing an in-principle loan waiver, the government has managed to loosen the noose that had tightened around its neck, the sena said in an editorial in party mouthpiece saamna.
it said chief minister devendrafadnavis should be congratulated for announcing a loan waiver without asking for a guarantee that farmers henceforth will not commit suicide.
the government though has not announced the loan waiver with an open heart.
it is the result of our constant throttling of the government.
this is the answer to the question of why are we in power, it said.
we are not in power to merely warm (ministers) seats but shake the seats of lazy persons.
though we cannot give a guarantee about (what will happen) tomorrow, it added.
the sena said the government should also give in-principle approval to stop the construction of the samruddhi corridor (mumbai-nagur expressway).
farmers loan waiver should not get stuck in the intricacies of the word in-principle or it will bear the brunt of breaching the trust of people.
the government should immediately clarify the time period to fulfil the in principle announcement, the sena said.
two days ago, the maharashtra government had announced a loan waiver for farmers and decided to form a committee to decide the criteria of debt relief, after which cultivators called off their protests.
the government has, in principle, decided to waive farmers loans with certain stipulations.
the loans of farmers with small and medium land holdings stand waived from today itself, revenue minister chandrakant patil had said.
in a security breach, a two-wheeler entered the convoy of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and collided with one of the suvs at shegaon in buldhana district, around 560 kms from here, police said on sunday.
advertisingnobody was injured in the incident that occurred on saturday evening when the chief minister was returning after offering prayers at gajanan maharaj sansthan, an official said.
the two-wheeler entered the convoy after the chief ministers suv and two other vehicles had passed the stretch of the road.
his two-wheeler collided with one of the suvs, the official said, adding that the biker did not sustain any serious injury.
police took the 27-year-old rider, roshan babhulkar, into custody following the incident.
advertisinghe was allowed to go after a case was registered against him under section 279 (rash driving or riding on a public way) of the indian penal code (ipc) and sections 185, 236, 177 of the motor vehicle act, the official added.
babhulkar, a resident of neighbouring akola district, was returning after visiting his cousin in shegaon.
a biometric system used by the mumbai police, which has helped it crack 85 open cases of theft and break-ins and make 120 arrests during its one-year testing period, was formally launched by chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday.
advertisingthe automated multi-modal biometric identification system (ambis) comprises a computer terminal, a camera to take pictures of those arrested and scanners to record irises, fingerprints and palms.
on monday, the system was made operational at every police station in mumbai.
until now, the mumbai police has stored 6.
5 lakh fingerprints of criminals dating from the 1950s onwards.
mumbai police sources said over 10,000 of these comprise fingerprints gathered from crime scenes, while another 20,000-30,000 are those of absconders.
after ingesting the data into our systems, we started to analyse it and look for patterns, said a police officer.
cross-referencing fingerprints recorded on paper with those recently recorded on ambis, the police has been able to identify suspects in 85 cases of theft and break-ins.
advertisingthese are all criminals with a prior history of committing such offences.
their role in crimes dating from 2014 onwards only came to light after their biometric data was digitised, said the officer.
in the year leading to mondays launch, 2,600 constables and 250 officers chosen from each police station in the city were trained to operate the system.
the data will now be stored permanently and allow us to share details of offenders with other national and international law enforcement agencies, said the officer.
in mumbai, ambis has also been linked to the cctv system to identify faces of suspects and offenders, and with the crime and criminal tracking network and system (cctns)  a digital tool to aid investigations and the detection of crime.
the state home department is in the process of launching ambis in all other cities and police districts in maharashtra.
maharashtra is the first state to use the ambis system in india.
with the help of various technological interventions, we have increased the conviction rate.
i am sure ambis will be like google for our forces in future, said fadnavis at the launch.
b'opposition party members staged a protest on the first day of maharashtra legislatures monsoon session at the vidhan bhavan, in mumbai.
(express photo by ganesh shirsekar) opposition party members staged a protest on the first day of maharashtra legislatures monsoon session at the vidhan bhavan, in mumbai.
(express photo by ganesh shirsekar)unhappy with chief minister devendrafadnavis clean chit to ministers battling graft allegations, legislators from the congress and nationalist congress party (ncp) monday raised an uproar in the upper house, demanding inquiries in all matters and resignations of the concerned ministers.
amid the ruckus, the state legislative council was adjourned three times, the third time for the entire day as ncp and congress mlcs stormed the well raising slogans against the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and the ministers in the government.
ncps dhananjay munde, leader of opposition in upper house, said, we will not let the house function till the government announces inquiries into all allegations of corruption against ministers.
we presented evidence of graft against more than a dozen ministers, but the bjp-led government simply dismissed them without even considering the evidence and gave them a clean chit.
the opposition had levelled allegations of irregularities and graft against several ministers such as pankaja munde, girish bapat, vishnu savra, vinod tawde, deepak sawant and ravindra waikar, among others.
legislators had asked for inquiries under the acb.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said he had positive discussions with the centre over formulating a scheme to bring back farmers defaulting on loans, into the institutional credit system in such a way that investment in agriculture is not affected.
making a statement in the legislative assembly, fadnavis said he had assured union finance minister arun jaitley and agriculture minister radhamohan singh that the state was willing to contribute its share in this scheme to help farmers.
fadnavis said out of the 1.
36 crore farmers, 31 lakh had loan dues worth rs 30,500 crore.
these farmers are not eligible for fresh loans.
there is a need to bring them back into the institutional credit system.
but we have to give an incentive to over one crore farmers who pay their loans on time.
systems need to be created as such decisions cannot be taken overnight.
if farmers who pay their loan on time get a message that if loan dues are not repaid, the loan will be waived off, then the banking system will collapse, the cm said.
a wrong message will be sent among agriculturists, fadnavis felt.
he said his governments endeavour is to ensure that the farmers are not debt-ridden again.
fadnavis also took a jibe at opposition congress-ncp saying, you cannot be a messiah of farmers by raising slogans on loan waiver.
the plight of farmers is because of your 15-year rule.
earlier as soon as the house assembled for the day, the opposition accompanied by sena members came into the well shouting slogans for loan waiver.
speaker haribhau bagde immediately adjourned the house till the end of the question hour.
later when the house assembled, fadnavis made his statement and appealed to the house to allow smooth presentation of the state budget.
bagde then adjourned the house till 2 pm.
in the ongoing row over a new mayoral bungalow, the samajwadi party (sp) has come out in support of the shiv senas demand for an alternative bungalow instead of the one located in byculla zoo, which hasbeen proposed by the civic authorities.
in a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , the sp has sought his intervention in allotting a state government-owned bungalow suitable for the mayors stature.
after the state governments decision to convert the current mayoral bungalow in dadar into a memorial to the late bal thackeray, the civic administration proposed a new mayoral bungalow inside the veermata jijabai bhosale udyan and zoo, or byculla zoo.
the bungalow in the zoo is approximately 5,600 sqft in size as against the 5,200-sqft mayoral bungalow in shivaji park, dadar.
rais shiakh, sp corporator, also slammed the civic administration for delaying a decision on the issue.
we have learnt that the bungalow in byculla zoo will be allotted to the mayor.
but the area falls under a silence zone that will be an issue as the mayor organises several programmes.
besides, many people come to meet him.
traffic movement and the large number of people visiting the mayor will disturb the birds and animals in the zoo, shaikh said in the letter.
that the mayor has been following it up with the civic administration is a shameful thing.
it is the responsibility of the civic administration to find a suitable space for the mayors stature but it appears it is just delaying the matter, he added.
seeking fadnavis intervention, shaikh said the chief minister should figure out a suitable bungalow available with the state government and issue appropriate directions to the authorities.
expressing displeasure over the proposed bungalow, mayor vishwanath mahadeshwar had written to civic chiefajoy mehta, demanding that two bungalows occupied by additional municipal commissioners in malabar hill be converted into his residence.
in his letter, he said his residence in the zoo may attract criticism from people as the zoo is in a silence zone.
it is good the sp has supported my demand.
the bungalow should be suitable to the mayors stature, said mahadeshwar.
mumbai.
activists of the vidarbha rajya andolan samiti celebrate after the maharashtra governments loan waiver announcement, in nagpur on monday.
pti activists of the vidarbha rajya andolan samiti celebrate after the maharashtra governments loan waiver announcement, in nagpur on monday.
ptithe maharashtra government is set to cap the loan write-off for individual farmers at rs 1 lakh in an effort to restrict the outgo on account of a blanket loan waiver of rs 30,000 crore.
the ceiling could help the government cover all small and marginal farmers, including those reeling under a debt burden since 2012, according to top government sources.
out of the 1.
36 crore farmers in maharashtra, there are 80 lakh who are regularly repaying loans.
there are 31 lakh farmers who have been debt-ridden since 2012.
even among the 31 lakh farmers who are debt-ridden, the loan waiver would be restricted to the rs 1 lakh ceiling.
the government also said on monday that it would provide rs 10,000 to each farmer to help purchase seeds and fertilisers to immediately begin sowing of crops for kharif season.
the decision will help nearly 40 lakh farmers.
sources in the government said the loan waiver modalities and parameters to define the eligibility criteria would require some time.
banks would be directed to immediately give rs 10,000 to each farmers, especially those in debt and with small and marginal landholding, to enable them to procure seeds and fertilisers, said an official.
according to government estimates, the rs 10,000 direct help would lead to an additional burden of more than rs 6,000 crore.
chief minister devendrafadnavis had indicated that the loan waiver was to provide maximum benefit to small, marginal and needy farmers across the board.
the decision to extend rs 1 lakh waiver to farmers beyond small and marginal is also a bid to dispel feelings of discrimination among the community.
the cm has directed the committee led by revenue minister chandrakant patil and comprising farmer leaders raju shetti and raghunath patil to evolve a mechanism to ensure the decision benefits the poor and debt-ridden farmers only.
higher rates for milk supply from june 20farmers supplying milk to dairy cooperative societies are set to get higher remuneration from june 20 to prevent exploitation by cooperatives.
the proposal will be mooted at the cabinet meeting on tuesday.
maharashtra government to press for zakir naiks extradition if he did not return to india on his own.
maharashtra government to press for zakir naiks extradition if he did not return to india on his own.
chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday said several unlawful activities that were not in national interest had been cited against islamic preacher zakir naik in a report submitted by the mumbai police to the state government.
he said the state government would press for naiks extradition if he did not return to india on his own.
after scrutinising the report, the state government will approach the union ministry of home affairs to decide on what needs to be done, said fadnavis.
the mumbai police chief submitted the report to the state home ministry late monday.
although he refrained from disclosing the details of the report, fadnavis said, there are many indictments in the report against zakir naik.
several unlawful activities have been pointed out pertaining to the organisation of which dr zakir naik is a leader.
it points to activities which are not in the national interest.
earlier, following the controversy over naiks remarks, the state government had urged the police commissioner to provide a detailed report.
the islamic preacher is associated with an organisation called the islamic research foundation.
b'former cic shailesh gandhi.
former cic shailesh gandhi.
former central information commissioner shailesh gandhi on monday said that the right to information act was being strangled due to the neglect of the state government.
gandhi has written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis asking him to fill the vacancies in the informationcommission in the state.
rti is slowly being strangled in maharashtra by not appointing information commissioners.
in maharashtra, there is vacancy of one chief information commissioner and three commissioners.
these are not being filled despite repeated reminders, gandhi stated in his letter to fadnavis.
gandhi said that the pendency at all the commissions was now alarming and it was in turn killing the objective of the act which was transparency.
sharing the figures of 31,474 pending cases in four regions, gandhi said, nashik region has 9,931 pending cases, pune has 8,647 cases, amravati 8,026 cases and mumbai(hq) has 4,870 cases pending.
these cases are languishing for the want of information commissioners.
his letter stated that it was a serious matter and needed immediate attention and claimed that failure to do so would allow the state to succeed in making the rti actredundant.
it will continue as a haven for rewarding retired bureaucrats and other favourites.
it will be an expense account with no benefit to its citizens, gandhi wrote.
he said that maharashtra was one of the first states to enact the law when it came into effect in october, 2005 but the state was now reeling from the worst levels of pendency in years.
the state government has increased the compensation amount for acid attack victims from rs 3 lakh to rs 5 lakh.
the decision was announced by chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai sunday.
speaking at confidence walk, an event for acid attack victims, the cm said, the state will bring stringent rules to ensure the perpetrators of heinous crime are not easily let off.
on the occasion, job letters describing them as victors and not victims were offered to some women.
the cms wife amruta fadnavis was also present.
she has sung the title song for a video album on the survivors, which was released on the occasion.
the confidence walk saw prominent personalities from different walks of life walk the ramp along with the victors.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis .
(pti photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis .
(pti photo)lambasting chief minister devendrafadnavis for indulging in blatant lies, ncp leader ajit pawar ruled out the possibility of any truck with shiv sena.
there is no possibility of ncp joining hands with shiv sena after the civic polls.
our ideologies are different.
ncp is a secular party, while the sena has its own ideology, said pawar on wednesday, while campaigning for the party candidates in pimple saudagar area of pimpri-chinchwad .
on sena chief uddhav thackerays comment that mumbais development had taken place under congress-ncp rule, pawar said, uddhav thackeray was stating the fact he has now realised whatever the bjp says has no grain of truth.
he added that the bjp has been busy spreading falsehoods in its desperate bid to grab power.
now bjps own alliance partner has come forward and put forth the truth before the people, who actually are well aware of the development work carried out during the congress-ncp regime, he told the indian express.
watch what else is making newsmeanwhile, at the press conference convened by ncp, especially in the wake of the remarks made by chief minister devendrafadnavis last week, pawar said the cm was stooping very low, when he remarked that the ncp should be uprooted from pimpri-chinchwad.
entire maharashtra knows the progress made by pimpri-chinchwad, which is counted among the top cities of the country, he said, adding that the cm was employing the language that does not suit the office he holds.
pointing out that the development in pimpri-chinchwad would take care of the next 20-25 years, pawar said, compared to other cities in state, pimpri-chinchwad was far ahead on development index.
he further said that the cm was repeatedly indulging in blatant lies.
before coming to power, the bjp had promised that illegal constructions would be regularised, the issue red zone would be resolved, penalty tax would be waived.
but, in the last two years of its rule, the bjp government has not lived up to even one of the promises.
on top of it, it is again making false promises.
last time, people believed in their promises.
however, this time, we are confident that the people will not fall prey to their falsehoods, he said.
when asked how he rated the chances of ncp in pmc and pcmc polls, pawar said he was confident his party would get majority in both the civic bodies.
i will let you know the final figure of how many of our corporators will be elected by next weekbut i am fully confident we will win majority in both civic bodies, he said.
pawar also pointed out that the ncp has never supported criminals.
however, bjp has not only welcomed those facing serious criminal charges, but has even given them nominations.
despite the cm holding the charge of home ministry, crime rates across maharashtra have been rising, he said.
pawar said 15 ministers of the incumbent government were facing corruption charges and no action has been taken against them.
yet, the cm talks about transparency.
this is nothing but ridiculous, he added.
when asked how he would react to the cms remarks that the ncp was a confused party, pawar said,bjp was a bhrashtachari jatiavadi(corrupt and casteist) party he urged the ncp leaders and workers to hit back on social media, if the bjp resorts to attacking the party.
give them a befitting reply, he said.
pimpri-chinchwad ncp president sanjog waghere, former mla anna bansode, ncp leader jagdish shetty and candidates yogesh behl and nana kate were also present at the event.
chief minister devendrafadnavis at a rally in pimpri chinchwad on thursday.
(express photo by rajesh stephen) chief minister devendrafadnavis at a rally in pimpri chinchwad on thursday.
(express photo by rajesh stephen)chief minister devendrafadnavis cancelled his rally here saturday afternoon after reaching the venue.
while fadnavis tweeted that he cancelled the meeting due to miscommunication of time of rally, others say the empty chairs which greeted the chief minister might be the reason for the abrupt exit.
watch what else is in the newsfadnavis was supposed to address a rally at the new english school ground on tilak road as part of his last leg campaign for the pune municipal corporation polls.
the school is situated in the sadashiv peth area of pune, which is a traditional stronghold of the bjp.
the chief minister was supposed to address the public meeting at 2 pm and had reached the venue on time.
however, the venue which could accommodate around 2,000 to 3,000 people, wore a deserted look with most of the chairs empty.
after waiting for a few minutes, the chief minister left the venue and tweeted, i have cancelled my public meeting at pune due to miscommunication of time of rally.
i regret for the same.
heading towards pimpri.
soon, the social media erupted over the incident.
the propensity of people from peths to have a siesta between 1 and 4 pm is a standing joke among puneities.
amruta fadnavis, the banker wife of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , is set to walk the ramp with acid attack survivors.
(source: pti photo) amruta fadnavis, the banker wife of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , is set to walk the ramp with acid attack survivors.
(source: pti photo)amruta fadnavis, the banker wife of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , is set to walk the ramp with acid attack survivors.
the event at mumbai on march 5 has been organised by her ngo divyaj foundation.
watch what else is in the newsamruta had earlier walked the ramp at new york fashion week for the cause of `education of girl child.
i feel it is not right to call them (the women who have faced acid attack) victims or survivors, they are the victors.
they are hurt - physically, mentally and psychologically but they are not broken.
among these girls there are two boys too, she said in a statement here.
giving them a stage is a beginning, a first step to rebuild confidence in them as many people just avoid looking at them in spite of several surgeries they have gone through.
bollywood stars will also walk with them, she added.
the youngest of these `victors was only seven years old, as old as her own daughter, amruta said.
that child was just two when acid was thrown on her, she added.
amrutas daughter divija will walk the ramp with her, she said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis and women and child welfare minister pankaja munde will be the guests of honour at the event.
amruta also said she had invited several corporates to provide appropriate jobs to these women.
less than a fortnight after it extended the deadline for bids in response to its tender issued for the integrated ticket system (its), mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) on thursday scrapped the tender once again after it failed to elicit any response.
advertisingthis is the second time in the last six months that the tender for the its project was scrapped by the authority.
the project is aimed at enabling seamless transport on different means through a single ticket system.
in a notice issued on thursday, the mmrda stated that tenders for the its had been scrapped until further notice.
sources from the authority said it was difficult to get the system that comprised a hybrid card, in which, account value, as well as account storage, could be used.
in its first phase, the its was aimed at commuters using the monorail, running metro corridor and later, it was to be extended to the railways too.
advertisingthe mmrda had first issued a tender in september 2018, but it was scrapped in november on account of technical hurdles.
in 2018, the mumbai rail vikas corporation (mrvc) had raised a query about the its on the transaction on the card and demanded an account storage card as well.
to solve this issue, a joint meeting of chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister for railways piyush goyal took place in december 2018.
after the meeting, it was decided that the its will have an account-based system as well as store value features.
however, the second tender issued in january also failed to draw bidders, after which the authority extended the deadline.
sources from the mmrda said the authority wanted an account-based card, adding, an account-based card is easy to handle and more popular.
the railways, however, wanted the card to have a store value component in addition as they felt it will be more suitable under indian conditions.
in an apparent goof up by the mmrda, shiv sena mp rahul shewales name was found excluded from the invitation card for prime minister narendra modis programme in mumbai on saturday, before the mistake was rectified.
advertisingaccording to sources, the mumbai south central mp had complained to chief minister devendrafadnavis and officials of the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) about his name being missing from the list of invitees.
sources said after the mmrda apologised and reprinted the invitation card with a correction late on friday night, shewale on saturday attended the pms function to lay foundation stone for three metro lines.
part of the network of metro lines pass through shewales constituency.
advertisingshiv sena president uddhav thackeray and union minister ramdas athavale, an ally of the nda, attended the event at jio world centre in the bandra kurla complex (bkc).
both of them were seated on the dais along with the pm, fadnavis and ministers of the bjp.
modis visit comes a few days ahead of the announcement of election dates for the state assembly elections, slated to be held next month.
the bjp and the sena have started closed-door parleys to finalise a seat-sharing deal.
modi began his one-day visit of maharashtra this morning by taking darshan of lord ganesh in suburban vile parle in mumbai.
later in the day, the prime minister is scheduled to address a state-level mahila saksham melava or empowered womens meet of self help groups, being organised by maharashtra state rural livelihood mission (umed).
he will also inaugurate auric business and administrative building and dedicate dmic auric city to the nation in aurangabad.
the plans most significant feature is infusion of new developable land for the city.
the plans most significant feature is infusion of new developable land for the city.
the maharashtra government on tuesday approved mumbais long-pending development plan (dp), paving the way for the city to have more land available to build homes and commercial spaces.
chief minister devendrafadnavis sanctioned the new 20-year development blueprint on tuesday.
an official announcement is set to follow on wednesday.
officials said the new plans most significant feature is the infusion of new developable landfor the space-constrained city.
it proposes to unlock about 3,734 hectares of public and privately owned lands  currently tagged as no development zones (ndz)  to push low-cost housing and augment social amenities.
this is the largest addition to the citys developable land bank in recent history.
statistically, the area to be added to the citys developable land bank accounts for over eight per cent of mumbais total area of 45,829 hectares.
in 2017, the world economic forum, citing a un-habitat report, had ranked mumbai as the second most overcrowded city after dhaka, with an average population density of 31,700 people per square kilometre.
despite this, mumbais new development control (dc) regulations, which will kick in with the new dp, will further raise construction rights for various special projects in the commerce, hospitality and redevelopment sectors.
in a shift from prevalent regulations where permissible floor space index (fsi) levels in the island city were lower than those in the suburbs, fadnavis has lifted this curb, raising fsi levels in the island city up to 3, while that in the suburbs has been retained at 2.
5.
fsi, also known internationally as floor area ratio, is a tool that defines the extent of construction permissible on a plot; the ratio of total built-up area to the total plot area.
enhancing the construction area on a plot, the new rules say fsi will be calculated on the gross plot area, excluding land under reservations, and wont involve deduction of amenity open spaces and recreational open spaces.
on tuesday, fadnavis also sanctioned a proposal to publish a list of modifications that the government wants to carry out in the new dp, most of which deal with increasing fsi and modification of public reservations.
sources said these would be published as the excluded part of dp-2034.
public suggestions and objections will be invited for the excluded part.
government and private town planners, however, agreed that the infusion of the new developable land is the most prominent feature of the dp.
while mumbais existing development plan had focussed on creation of affordable housing through redevelopment, the dp-2034 has targetted construction of 10 lakh affordable homes through the unlocking of the ndz areas, including salt pan lands and lands earlier earmarked for tourism development.
statistics show that about 16,693 hectares had been earmarked as ndz in the current plan.
but dp-2034 further divides this green space into two sub-categories.
about 12,859 hectares has been newly tagged as natural area (na) where construction will continue to be barred.
the na lands include areas under the sanjay gandhi national park, mangroves, hills, ecologically vital salt pans, parts of the film city land, aarey milk colony and areas falling in the coastal regulation zone-1.
that leaves 3,734 hectares classified as ndz, which is proposed to be released.
if owners of these lands construct affordable homes and social amenities on 33 per cent of the built-up space and hand it over free of cost to the bmc, and set aside another 33 per cent area for public open spaces, the proposal is to allow them build up to three times the remaining plot area, or an fsi of 3.
those who do not avail this incentive scheme, would be permitted to utilise only the zonal floor space index of the plot in question.
civic records show that about 74 per cent of the ndz land to be unlocked for development is located in the goregaon to borivali belt in the western suburbs.
also, planning proposals on 960 hectares of such unutilised land, owned by the mumbai port trust (mbpt), were withdrawn on tuesday with the cm proposing to anoint the central agency as a special planning authority for its own land.
incidentally, the last time there was a similar promise was in 2004, when the erstwhile mill lands in the heart of mumbai were unlocked for similar goals, and that was only 280 hectares of newly developable land.
the government town planners and the municipality, meanwhile, is banking that the unlocking of the new land would redefine the citys land use map.
mumbais latest existing land use (elu) survey had found that the 12.
44 million residential population occupies barely 10327.
09 hectare or 103.
28 kilometer of the citys land area.
in other words, land cover under residential use is less than 22 per cent at present.
the new target is to raise this to 50 per cent.
the blueprint is based on the projection that the citys residential population will peak to 12.
79 million by 2021 from 12.
44 million in 2011, before dropping to 11.
40 million by 2034.
it has doubled the per capita housing requirement from 9 sq meter (elu) to 18-20 sq meter.
estimating an average household size of 4.
2, the new plan has projected that the city would need a residential built-up area of around 55 lakh sq m or 30 lakh homes by 2021.
the government planners claims that the release of the new land will also help augment the availability of developed public open spaces and amenity space.
but while the dp-2034 has proposed increasing the open space availability per person to 4 square meter (national norm is 10-12 sq m), the dp document itself admits that the implementation of this count has been very poor in the past.
interestingly, a 14.
96 sq km of virgin mangrove-laden land, hugging the eastern coastline from airoli in the eastern suburbs to sewri in central mumbai, has been added to mumbais geographical limits.
it has been shown as na on the plan.
another key deliverable of dp-2034 is reasserting mumbais status as the countrys commercial capital.
the existing land use shows that commercial spaces occupy just 911 hectares of the citys total area.
the target of the new plan is to enhance this to 1,272 hectares, a near 40 per cent jump.
the government has undone the freeze on fsis for commercial development in the island city, granting an fsi up to 5 for commercial developments.
we have made spatial provisions to generate employment totalling 8 million, municipal commissioner ajoy mehta had earlier told the indian express.
while the process for drawing up the new plan had begun six years ago, its verification and approval was mired in various controversies and delays.
an initial draft, released in february 2015, was scrapped by fadnavis in may that year, following a public outcry over the errors in the existing land use data and the high fsi levels proposed.
in may 2016, ajoy mehta published a revised draft plan, which had proposed a uniform permissible fsi of 2 for both the island city and suburbs.
but since then the plan has witnessed several suggested revisions.
in march 2017, a state-appointed planning committee, which reviewed over 12,000 public suggestions and objections to the draft plan, submitted its report recommending several changes.
on july 31, 2017, the civic general body had sanctioned the plan, along with the committees recommendations, and adding new suggestions of its own.
most recommendations have been rejected by the government.
many others have been included in the ep proposals.
the loan waiver for marginal farmers, announced by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to end the farmers strike, will help farmers in western maharashtra the most.
access to irrigation and predominance of cash crops have led to fragmentation of land in the region, which is now going to help the farmers.
one of the major demands of the farmers on strike was loan waiver, which was accepted with a rider by fadnavis.
instead of a blanket loan waiver, the state government has agreed to a waiver for marginal farmers, who constitute almost 79 per cent of active agricultural population in the state.
the loan waiver is expected to help them tide over the present credit crisis.
credit crisis is one of the major reasons for increasing farmer suicides.
kishore tiwari, chairman of the state governments committee on farmers distress, said the present waiver would mean around rs 20,000 crore would be waived.
however, the help will not reach those who are in need, if the government goes by land holding, he said.
analysis of land-holding data from agricultural census 2010-11 shows that well-irrigated districts of western maharashtra (pune, satara, sangli, kolhapur and solapur) have the maximum number of marginal farmers.
of 56,12,246 marginal farmers in the state, 18,73,156 are in this region.
marathwada and vidarbha have 12,59,430 and 9,04,959 such farmers.
farmers with landholding not more than 2.
5 acres are termed as marginal farmers.
access to irrigation and popularity of cash crop have led to legal division of land in western maharashtra.
agriculture being lucrative, western maharashtra families tend to get land divided among themselves there.
on the other hand, land-holdings in vidarbha and marathwada tend to be large as agriculture is not very lucrative there.
also, population density being less than western maharashtra, land holdings continue to be large.
ironically, the maximum benefit of the loan waiver will thus go to a region that has hardly seen farmer suicides, while the areas that are most affected by farm distress might not benefit much.
vishwanath mahadeshwar.
(right) vishwanath mahadeshwar.
(right)with the bjp making way for the shiv senas vishwanath mahadeshwar to become the next mayor of mumbai, the three-time corporator from santacruz sunday said he had a plan chalked out for the next two-and-a-half years.
aiming to take on a proactive role as the citys first citizen, the 56-year-old corporator, who is the principal of a school and junior college, said he wanted to focus on improving the condition of the civic-run schools and hospitals.
mahadeshwar said apart from his administrational duties, he would focus on reducing the high levels of air pollution in the city caused by the massive number of automobiles on the roads.
mumbai has had a long battle with increasing pollution due to traffic congestion at every major signal in the city.
the administration has to be encouraged to implement measures to reduce air pollution levels, he said.
ensuring that every resident of mumbai has access to safe drinking water is another goal high on mahadeshwars agenda, he said.
the sena leader said in many bmc schools, students were unable to read or write.
since there is no examination till class ix, students dont take education seriously.
this needs to change and every child should be able to read and write fluently.
i will ensure there is more emphasis on the facilities being provided to secondary schools in the city too.
referring to the work he and his wife pooja mahadeshwar, the sitting corporator for ward 86 in santacruz, have done at the v n desai municipal hospital in santacruz, such as setting up of a neo-natal intensive care unit, a trauma ward and a physiotherapy department, mahadeshwar promised to improve the quality of medical services in all civic-run hospitals in the city.
when asked about the bitter relations between the sena and the bjp in the run-up to the civic polls, the corporator said there was very little to worry about.
as far as the general body is concerned, all processes will be done as per the act and i dont think that it will be challenging.
besides, chief minister devendrafadnavis has already said on saturday that the bjp would not take up the oppositions role, he said.
mahadeshwar promised to ensure that the administration would execute projects and carry out inquiries in a timely manner.
the administration should complete an enquiry within the stipulated time period and if elected, i will ensure that the civic body works in a time-bound manner, he said.
promising to live upto the expectations of the people, he said, expectations from a mayor keeps evolving and problems are endless.
but we will ensure that at the end of our term, people dont feel we havent worked to our potential.
if there is a good proposal or if a notice of motion is beneficial for the mumbaikars, it will be taken up in urgently, he said.
in response to the petition filed by congressman dharmesh vyas in the court of small causes opposing his selection as mayor, mahadeshwar said the allegations were untrue.
these allegations are wrong.
i am a principal of a government-aided school and as teachers, we have the right to utilise the funds from grants.
i have not violated any of the prescribed norms and i will respond to his allegations in court, he said.
vyas in his petition has stated that mahadeshwar is ineligible to contest in the mayoral poll since he had suppressed information that he was drawing a salary from government grants as the principal of raje sambhaji vidyalaya and junior college in santacruz.
mahadeshwar, who is still the principal of the school, added he was yet to decide if he would juggle the roles of mayor and principal or give up his current job.
arita.
b'maharashtra became the tenth state assembly to adopt a resolution ratifying the amendments to the constitution to enable the rollout of the goods and services tax regime from april 1 next year.
the centre requires at least 16 state assemblies to adopt the resolution to ensure implementation for the new taxation regime.
prime minister narendra modi has set a september-end deadline for all states to complete the procedure.
till monday, nine state assemblies  assam, bihar, jharkhand, himachal pradesh, chhattisgarh, gujarat, madhya pradesh, delhi and nagaland  had adopted the resolution.
maharashtra, the biggest bjp-ruled state, became the tenth when both houses of the state legislature passed the resolution during a special one-day session convened monday.
with the congress and the nationalist congress party in the opposition supporting gst, all eyes were on bjps ally shiv sena, which had been raising apprehensions regarding the new regime even as it voted for the reform in parliament.
however, though the shiv sena cited fears over how the regime could impact the functional autonomy of municipalities and even usher in price rise during the initial years, it voted in favour of the resolution after securing a concrete assurance from chief minister devendrafadnavis regarding the riders.
the partys main concern is that octroi, the biggest source of revenue for the shiv sena-controlled mumbai municipality, will be subsumed in gst resulting in an annual shortfall of rs 7000 crore.
just as the centre has already assured 100 per cent compensation to all manufacturing states for revenue losses suffered in the first five years, shiv senas legislative council member neelam gorhe, while spelling out her partys stance in the upper house, demanded that the cm and finance minister sudhir mungantiwar provide a concrete assurance that the compensation for the losses suffered by the mumbai municipality and other local bodies wont devolve to the state corpus but directly to the municipality.
while we can have a detailed debate when the legislation regarding the tax rate and implementation of the regime is tabled later in the state legislature, we (the shiv sena) demand a firm assurance today that a mechanism for direct transfer of funds to the bmc would be devised, she said.
fadnavis later committed that a law would be enacted at the state level to ensure the funds are directly devolved to the civic coffers.
gorhe also sought formulation of a state legislative committee for deliberation on the tax rate and the impact of the new regime.
the shiv sena has demanded that the bmc must be compensated with an annual accreditation of 10 per cent, while backing the reform on grounds that it promises to simplify the taxation regime.
as anticipated, the congress and the ncp backed the resolution in both houses, ensuring a safe passage.
in the legislative assembly, mungantiwar assured the house that the state would not lose a single rupee and would retain its financial autonomy after the shift to the gst regime.
he added that maharashtra, a favoured investment destination and engine of growth, would further prosper and achieve new high in its growth.
mungantiwar said the states finance managers were in consultation with experts over the impact gsts roll out would have on the state coffers in the initial years.
the state will seek a compensation factoring in the highest growth rate over the last five years, he added.
the state government on tuesday put the ambitious hyperloop project between mumbai and pune on the fast track.
to speed up acquisition of land for the project, the cabinet on tuesday accepted a proposal to grant it the status of infrastructure project.
advertisingthe project aims to cut down travel time between the two cities to just 23 minutes.
having already given a go ahead to use the swiss challenge method to hold the bidding for the rs 70,000-crore project, the government on tuesday named a consortium of dp world fze and hyperloop technologies inc as its original project proponent.
global firms will now be invited to challenge them under the bidding method.
while the entire project involves construction across a length of 117.
5 km, sources said that chief minister devendrafadnavis is keen to perform a bhoomipujan for a 11.
8-km test track, being developed in the first phase, before the model code of conduct for the assembly polls kicks in.
the pune metropolitan region development authority will oversee the implementation of the first phase, which is expected to take about two to three years to complete.
meanwhile, ahead of the state polls, the fadnavis government also okayed another proposal to facilitate urban local bodies to raise loans for various infrastructure projects.
the maharashtra urban infrastructure development company will be provided with a dedicated budget of rs 50 crore for funding such infrastructure projects.
chief minister devendrafadnavis cancelled his public rally in pune on saturday afternoon after reaching the venue.
while fadnavis tweeted that he had cancelled the meeting due to miscommunication of time of rally, others say the empty chairs which greeted the chief minister might be one of the reasons for the abrupt exit.
fadnavis was supposed to address a rally at the new english school grounds on tilak road as part of his last leg campaign for the pune municipal corporation elections polls.
the school is situated in the sadashiv peth area of pune which is a traditional strong hold of the bjp.
the chief minister was supposed to address the meeting at 2.
00 pm and had reached the venue on time.
however the venue which can accommodate around 2-3,000 people was deserted with majority of the chairs empty.
after waiting for a few minutes fadnavis left the venue and tweeted i have cancelled my public meeting at pune due to miscommunication of time of rally.
i regret for the same.
heading towards pimpri.
this poor show has come as a rude shock, which has always been supported in the peth regions.
the propensity of people from peths to have a siesta between 1-4.
00 pm is a standing joke among puneities and social media soon erupted over the incident.
(source: file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday warned that the administration will not tolerate attacks on police.
expressing anguish over an attack that led to a traffic cops death and an attack to drown a policeman, fadnavis said, attacks on police personnel is an attack on the entire force.
the government will set up fast track courts for trial of these cases, he said.
at a meeting in nashik region with revenue officials across districts, he discussed the implementation of various public welfare schemes.
he assessed the implementation of employment guarantee schemes, farm ponds, jalyukta shivar, gharkul yojna, swachch maharashtra, right to services among others.
he said the ongoing and incomplete projects under jalyukta shivar should be taken up on war footing.
he directed officials to provide power connections to all well projects that have been completed.
he told officials to facilitate immediate release of payment for completed works.
the samadh-an shibhir where public grievances are addressed should be held more frequently, he added.
with the congress campaign for the maharashtra polls yet to pick up, the party high command on thursday constituted a six-member screening committee for the state, signalling an intent of finalising the partys contestants at the earliest.
former union minister jyotiraditya scindia will head the committee.
advertisingsources said that congress interim president sonia gandhi has expressed her displeasure over the slow pace of election preparedness.
following her intervention, the partys poll managers held an urgent meeting in new delhi, where the campaign strategy and ongoing negotiations with the allies were reviewed on thursday.
the other members of the committee are rajasthan revenue minister harish chaudhary, tamil nadu mp manickam tagore, aicc (maharashtra) in charge mallikarjun kharge, state party president balasaheb thorat and state legislative party leader k c padavi.
with assembly polls due in october, the model code of conduct is expected to kick in mid-september.
there isnt much time left.
the party leadership wants the state unit to finalise seat-sharing talks with the allies and the partys own candidates at the earliest, a senior leader said.
advertisinglast week also saw sonia firefighting dissidence.
at a time when the state party unit is rattled by key desertions, the congress president reportedly reached out to a couple of disgruntled leaders, said a senior party leader.
having failed to project a single face ahead of the polls, the congress on thursday also decided to launch region-wise poll campaigns.
it will also be difficult for one leader to travel across constituencies.
there isnt much time, a source said.
with congress poll managers opining that there is an urgent need to counter chief minister devendrafadnavis ongoing rath yatra, the party plans to organise issue-based gatherings aimed at countering the cms claims.
people queue up to vote for bmc polls.
(express photo by amit chakravarty) people queue up to vote for bmc polls.
(express photo by amit chakravarty)in an embarrassment for shiv sena, which has been in power in bmc for over two decades, smita thackeray, former wife of jaidev, the estranged son of bal thackeray, on tuesday said the city continues to grapple with many unresolved issues like bad roads, and alleged that the system in the civic body has been corrupt for many years.
although smita said that no single party can be held responsible for this, according to her, more efforts and transparency were needed in the functioning of the mumbai civic body.
smita, while speaking to a news channel after casting her vote in bandra, said, today voted for several issues, such as water problem, which is being faced for years in mumbaii am not talking about maharashtra.
the roads are really very bad, traffic problem is also very bad, due to which people have to spend lots of time on roads.
moreover, pollution has also become a major problem and people are dying.
all these issues that come under the bmc, have not been duly resolved.
replying to a query, she said, i am not pointing out to any one party, which has to work together with several other parties.
you cannot just blame one party.
i am also not saying that all of the issues have remained unresolved, but they have to be resolved.
many problems still remain and the process (of resolving the issues) is quite slow.
smita, a film producer and social activist, who lived in matoshree (thackeray clans residence) until her divorce with jaidev in 2004, also claimed that despite her surname and family connections  she has to face problems while getting her work done in indias richest civic body.
i have to face it, though i tried my level best despite bearing it (surname thackeray), i am sorry to say that system has been corrupted for so many years and you cannot blame a party for it.
even an individual (bmc employee) feels that it is his right to take money for clearing a file, she said.
in response to a query whether she wants to see a change of guard in bmc, she said, i wont just say that, but it has to be better, with more efforts and transparency.
elections to the cash-rich bmc and nine other civic bodies in maharashtra, which virtually turned into a battle of prestige for chief minister devendrafadnavis , heading the states first bjp-led government, and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, were held on tuesday.
during the election campaign, the shiv sena had wooed voters by showcasing its development work in the city, the bjp asserted its battle was for transparency in the civic administration and appealed the citizens to vote for change.
at the apmc market in kalyan on saturday.
deepak joshi at the apmc market in kalyan on saturday.
deepak joshithere has been a split in the ranks of farmers over the decision to withdraw their agitation after a meeting with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis late on friday night.
a large chunk of farmers criticised the delegation which met the cm and claimed that the strike will continue.
the backlash against leaders who were part of the delegation which announced the withdrawal of the strike has been so strong that many of them were forced to make a clarification that the strike has not been called off yet.
if farmers think i have made a mistake, then i seek forgiveness from them.
if they feel that the strike should continue then i am with them, said jayaji suryavanshi, member of the kisan kranti morcha.
suryavanshi seemed to have drawn the maximum ire from farmers who burned his effigies.
visuals of the chief minister speaking into his ears during the marathon four-hour meeting on friday created a perception that he had struck a deal with the government.
this is a decision taken by children of farmers and not by politicians.
we have told the state government that if it does not stay true to its promise in the next four months, we will not allow the government to function, suryavanshi had said soon after the core committee meeting with the cm in which the withdrawal had been announced.
however, the backlash the decision received seems to have made many leaders including suryavanshi rethink their position.
many local farmers were unhappy that the committee decided to take a decision without taking into confidence farmers from across the state.
the committee should have heard what the government had to say and then come back and shared the details with farmers.
they, however, announced the withdrawal of the strike without any concrete assurances from the state or taking people into confidence.
for us they are not a core committee but a chor (thieves) committee and we will continue with the agitation, bhausaheb shinde, a farmer from puntamba in ahmednagar district, which had become the epicentre of the agitation, said.
the maharashtra kisan sabha has also criticised the decision to end the strike.
the cm has spun a web around farmers.
he has not given any clear assurance.
if others want, they can withdraw from the agitation but the maharashtra kisan sabha will continue with its agitation till we receive loan waiver for farmers, said a leader of the maharashtra kisan sabha.
ajit navale, general secretary of the kisan sabha, said, the chief minister did not give a clear answer to any of our demands.
the new october 31 deadline that has been declared is a farce the 4-person committee will only announce its findings that day.
no concrete decision regarding the waiver of loans or implementation of the swaminathan report has been taken.
fadnavis has said that the commission shall look into waiving of loans of farmers who have smaller lands.
what about vidarbha or marathwada, where most farmers have 10 to 15 acres of land, said navale.
the baliraja shetkari sanghatna also criticised the withdrawal and claimed that the government was attempting to create a rift between farmers.
i was first invited to a meeting with the cm but was detained by the pune rural police at dehu road police station.
i was allowed to go only after the announcement of the strike being called off.
this is an attempt to create a rift between farmers, sanjay patil ghanekar, leader of the baliraja shetkari sanghatna, said.
meanwhile, farmers in nashik held a meeting on saturday and decided to continue with their agitation including a state-wide bandh on june 5.
the farmers meeting also heckled senior bjp leaders including dindori mp harishchandra chavan and bjp mlas from nashik balasaheb sanap and devyani pharande when they tried to attend the meeting, forcing them to leave.
in spite of the strike being called off, protests continued in areas like dindori where women farmers blocked traffic on kalwan dindori road.
in saigaon near yeola in nashik district, onion and milk were thrown on the road.
similar agitations took place in jalgaon and parbhani as well.
the decision to call off the strike seems to have had no impact on prices of vegetables which have kept on shooting up in cities like mumbai.
the wholesale price of capsicum jumped from rs 60 on friday to rs 100 on saturday.
carrot prices increased from rs 40 to rs 80, tomato from rs 30 to rs 80, brinjal rs 40 to rs 80.
the price of a bundle of coriander jumped from rs 100 to rs 150.
vashi apmc saw nearly 175 vehicles coming into the market.
however, the bulk of them were from outside the state.
the prices are still high.
the decision to take the strike back was taken only late on friday.
the market will remain shut on sunday.
we need to see how farmers react on monday to the strike call that has been given.
only then will we get a clear picture on when prices can stabilise, naresh kor, a trader from vashi apmc said.
lok sabha mp raju shetti said the people who negotiated with the government were novices and he would hold a meeting of all farmer leaders and groups in nashik next week to chart out the course of action.
the shiv sena also criticised the state government and claimed that the state, rather than trying to find a solution, had tried to create a rift between farmers.
rather than trying to sort out the problem, the government seems to have tried to create a rift between farmers.
they are just prolonging taking a decision.
this is nothing but running away from the problem.
it has been the senas long-standing demand that there should be complete loan waiver for farmers, shiv sena mp sanjay raut said.
the sena now fears the bjp may use its hold over the administration and its financial resources to trump it in the bmc.
(express photo) the sena now fears the bjp may use its hold over the administration and its financial resources to trump it in the bmc.
(express photo)a day after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis met prime minister narendra modi to apprise him of the political situation in the state, the shiv sena leadership has started preparations to herd all its corporators to an undisclosed location.
the party also held a meeting of its senior ministers to chart out its political strategy in case the relationship between the two parties deteriorates further.
both the bjp and the shiv sena are battling it out for the mayoral poll in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), with neither willing to back down.
both failed to get the 114 votes needed to have their own candidate as mayor.
this has led to a race to shore up support from all possible quarters, including structuring new alliances to take control of the municipal corporation.
watch what else is making newsthe sena now fears the bjp may use its hold over the administration and its financial resources to trump it in the bmc.
the situation in the state is fluid and the meeting was about what party leaders thought is the way forward, a senior shiv sena leader said.
interestingly, maharashtras energy minister chandrashekhar bawankule of the bjp visited uddhav thackerays residence.
bawankule said there was no political agenda and that he had gone to invite thackeray for a wedding in the family.
the party is also considering sending all its corporators to an undisclosed location to ensure that there is no poaching of candidates.
on tuesday, the shiv sena had appointed yashwant jadhav, a senior corporator, as its group leader.
jadhav, along with the 88 corporators including four independent corporators, registered themselves with the konkan divisional commissioner as a group.
rough to very rough sea conditions (with wind speed reaching 40-50 kmph) are likely to prevail over southwest region and adjoining west central arabian sea.
according to imd, heavy to very heavy showers are expected at isolated regions of madhya pradesh, vidarbha, central maharashtra, marathawada, east rajasthan, uttarakhand, chhattisgarh, south gujarat region, coastal karnataka, kerala, arunachal pradesh, assam and meghalaya, and telangana.
strong showers are also expected over some parts of east madhya pradesh and konkan and goa region.
weather forecast and mumbai rains news today india live updates: as rains continue to lash parts of mumbai, the southwest monsoon further advanced to east rajasthan and madhya pradesh, imd said.
showers will continue in parts of chhattisgarh, some more parts of uttar pradesh, most parts of uttarakhand and some parts of himachal pradesh and jammu and kashmir.
waterlogging at kalpana talkies near lbs marg in mumbai on tuesday.
(express photo)heavy rain continued to lash parts of maharashtra tuesday, leading to at least 31 deaths in mumbai and surrounding areas, including 25 in two separate incidents of walls collapsing in kurar and kalyan.
in pune, six people were killed in a wall collapse  the second such incident in the city in four days.
the rains also disrupted air, rail and road transport services.
in all, 55 flights, including 26 international flights, to mumbai were diverted overnight.
twenty-four domestic and four international departures were cancelled.
eighteen domestic flights and four international incoming flights were cancelled, too.
at least 152 best buses reported breakdowns while 58 were stranded in flood waters.
among the trains delayed was the nagpur-mumbai duronto, while services on all the three suburban lines were hit.
while schools and colleges were declared shut earlier in the day, the state government declared a full public holiday later.
chief minister devendrafadnavis and the bmc tweeted requests to citizens to stay indoors considering the situation outside and the forecast for more rains through the day.
municipal commissioner praveen pardeshi said, we urge people not to step out there is heavy rainfall predicted for today and tomorrow.
b'congress leader narayan rane.
congress leader narayan rane.
congress leader narayan rane on wednesday claimed in the maharashtra legislative council he was recently informed by a woman officer that a senior cabinet minister engaged in immoral behaviour towards her.
rane made the claim while launching a scathing attack on the bjp-led government over the gruesome gang-rape and murder of a teenage girl in kopardi village of ahmednagar district last week.
the former chief minister said he was shocked to hear about the immoral behaviour of the minister towards the woman bureaucrat.
he, however, did not name the minister or the party to which he belongs.
watch video: whats making newsthe class 1 lady officer later told another cabinet minister she will never go to meet that particular cabinet minister again because of his immoral behaviour, rane said, who was recently elected to the upper house.
taking part in a debate over the kopardi gang-rape and murder incident, the congress mlc said time has come to deploy policemen inside the ministers offices at mantralaya so as to keep a watch on their conduct.
reacting to ranes claim, neelam gorhe (shiv sena) asked him to disclose the ministers identity, saying people will otherwise view all ministers with suspicion.
during his speech, rane was acerbic in his criticism of the bjp, alleging criminals were joining the party whose character, he claimed, has changed over the years.
todays bjp is not the bjp of yesteryears, of the time of former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee and late gopinath munde.
most bjp members in jalgaon and nagpur are criminals, the shiv sainik-turned-congressman said.
most cases of hooliganism take place in nagpur city, the hometown of chief minister devendrafadnavis , he said.
if the chief minister cannot save nagpur, how will he save maharashtra?
he said.
the konkan strongman further remarked if a survey is done on parties having the maximum numbers of criminals in their ranks, the bjp will top the list.
tomorrow fugitive underworld don dawood ibrahim may surrender, join the bjp and may even become a minister, he said.
he said the chief minister, who also handles the home portfolio, has no understanding of the sensitive department and this has led to the collapse of law and order situation in the state.
nitin gadkari at express adda.
amit chakravarty nitin gadkari at express adda.
amit chakravartyin a wake-up call to his own partys government in maharashtra, which is reeling under drought-like conditions, nitin gadkari, union minister for road transport and highways, said the state needs to do much more on the irrigation front and water conservation to address the shortage of water.
responding to queries at the express adda in mumbai friday evening, gadkari, who is also the bjp mp from nagpur, said: telangana which is one-third of maharashtra has given rs 25,000 crore for irrigation projects.
a big state like maharashtra has a budget of just rs 7,000 crore for irrigation projects.
i feel the state government should give greater priority to irrigation projects.
underlining that drought is not an overnight phenomenon, he said: states like maharashtra, telangana, karnataka, andhra pradesh, madhya pradesh, chhattisgarh, rajasthan have been facing water problems.
in states like madhya pradesh, agriculture growth was 23 per cent.
it has come down to 20 per cent maharashtra has been registering a negative agriculture growth for last several years, he said.
making clear that he did not wish to get into a blame game, gadkari said: irrigation development has long been neglected.
the irrigation potential at present is just 18.
5 per cent.
he recalled the jalsandharan (water conservation) initiative of the late congress chief minister sudhakarrao naik who, like him, hailed from vidarbha.
i always held sudhakarrao naik in high regard for his work on water conservation.
the state government, he said, should give greater priority to water conservation schemes like check dams to meet the water crisis.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has taken a good initiative through the jalyukt-shivar abhiyan, he said.
on the controversy over shifting the indian premier league (ipl) matches outside maharashtra in view of the water shortage, he said, it is a non-issue.
there is nothing wrong if they use recycled water for cricket rs 100 crore generated from the games should have been used for drought relief in marathwada why should the judiciary give orders on a cricket match?
asked if he would like to return to maharashtra as chief minister, he said, i will never come back to mumbai.
delhi is my destination.
devendra fadnavis is a very capable man.
he said he will continue to ensure rapid development in his own home state.
i want to work as maharashtras ambassador for five years.
whether it is the development of mumbai port trust or inland waterways along the coast, there are several projects which are now on the fast-track.
the hybrid model of fund-raising has ensured no project suffers for want of money.
but what needs to be addressed is the system, he said.
responding to a question on the suspension of aimim legislator waris pathan from the maharashtra assembly for refusing to say bharat mata ki jai, gadkari said, if we dont raise the slogan in india where else?
in pakistan, they say pakistan ki jai.
whats wrong.
on the rows over the jnu incident and the suicide of rohith vemula in hyderabad, he said, how can anybody justify hindustan ki barbadi slogans?
there are these leftist groups who have some allergy in the case of vemula, it took place in telanganathe problem is they cannot digest how a rss-bjp wallah has become the prime minister of india.
so, they pick such issues this is vote bank politics at the cost of development.
in what is being seen as a personal setback to maharashtra congress president balasaheb thorat, partys mla from shrirampur, bhausaheb kamble, stepped down on saturday.
but more than his defection, it was the manner of his resignation that caught the eye.
having negotiated his induction into the shiv sena, kamble was in such a hurry to tender his resignation that he rushed to meet legislative assembly speaker haribhau bagade, who was waiting at the pune airport for a flight to solapur.
flanked by shiv sena leaders, he got the job done around midnight.
advertisingdelhi callingmaharashtras representation in the central bureaucracy is set to improve.
according to sources, arvind singh, a 1988-batch ias officer, who was empanelled for an additional secretary-level position at the centre last june, has indicated his willingness to shift to delhi.
sources also confirmed that the states general administration department has already written to the centres department of personnel and training in this regard.
singh, who has a masters degree in economics and is an alumnus of st stephens, had served as minister (economics) with the indian embassy in tokyo, before returning to the state in february 2017.
incidentally, his batchmate, dr sanjay chahande, who was on central deputation, has recently returned to the state cadre.
sources said chahande, who was appointed as textiles commissioner (ministry of textiles) in may this year, did not get along too well with union textile minister smriti irani.
meanwhile, hectic lobbying has already begun to name his successor as the states power secretary.
hectic lobbyingover a month after the state cabinet cleared the proposal for setting up an independent police commissionerate in mira bhayander, the commissionerate is yet to be set in motion.
and if our sources are to be believed, the delay might well have something to do with the ongoing hectic lobbying for the police commissioners post at the new location.
done dealformer chief secretary ups madan will take over as the states new election commissioner once jageshwar saharias tenure ends on september 4.
sources confirmed that the file regarding his appointment has already been cleared.
after retiring prematurely as the chief secretary on may 12, madan, a 1983-batch officer, was accommodated as a special advisor to the chief minister on contractual basis.
while the states protocol department had received a total of nine applications for the election commissioners post, sources said that post retirement perk was already discussed between chief minister devendrafadnavis and madan before he stepped down from the chief secretarys position.
grand entrychhatrapati udayanraje bhosle is known for his flamboyant ways.
in state political circles, he is known as the king of good times.
it comes as little wonder then that the royal family descendent wants to announce his entry into the bjp in style.
while bhosle, who is ncps sitting mp from satara, was originally scheduled to join the bjp on september 1, sources said that this has now been pushed back to september 5, after bhosle expressed a desire that prime minister narendra modi should induct him.
new policy to expedite transfer of government land was formulated on a cabinet meeting chaired by maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis on tuesday.
(representational image) new policy to expedite transfer of government land was formulated on a cabinet meeting chaired by maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis on tuesday.
(representational image)the maharashtra cabinet on tuesday approved a new policy under which the government land needed for a public project can be handed over to the agency which is executing the project `in advance to cut the delays.
the decision was taken in the weekly cabinet meeting chaired by the chief minister devendrafadnavis at mumbai.
many times transfer of government land from respective district or civic authorities gets stuck in red tape, resulting in delay in commencement of project.
sometimes the funds sanctioned for the project in the budget remain unused because land is not made available, a government official said.
the cabinets decision on tuesday will accelerate this process of transfer of government land for the projects which are in the public interest, the official said.
the cabinet also approved revised expenditure estimate of rs 2,081 crore for a new 250 mw thermal power unit at parali.
besides, rs 2,146.
59 crore were sanctioned to upgrade three units of koradi thermal power plant near nagpur.
in another decision, the cabinet gave approval for calculation of property tax based on data collected through the geographic information system (gis) technology.
the cabinet also gave a go-ahead to set up 3,165 talathi (village revenue official) offices and 528 new mandal offices.
it also decided to reduce the minimum amount of stamp duty that can be paid through e-sbtr (secure bank and treasury receipt) from the existing rs 5,000 to rs 100.
with just 19.
63 per cent water stock left in 3,267 dams across maharashtra, industries may soon face partial cuts in supply, sources in the department of water resources said.
last year, water stock in the dams was recorded at 32.
60 per cent around the same time.
advertisingof the total 40,897.
95 million cubic metres storage capacity, dams in the state currently have 8,029.
59 million cubic metres of live storage.
according to sources in the department of water resources, while a blanket ban on water to industries was unlikely, the sector may face partial cuts soon.
the degree of supply cut to industries will be determined by circumstances and also the nature of the industry.
an average water cut of up to 40 per cent cannot be ruled out, an official, who did not wish to be named, told the indian express.
in areas where live water storage in dams is below five per cent, supply to industries could be temporarily suspended in may, the official added.
explained in drought mitigation, variety of challenges for state govt continued spells of drought coupled with falling water levels in dams could entail short-term and long-term challenges for the maharashtra government.
the immediate concern relates to meeting the demand for drinking water in 24,000 villages.
another concern is ensuring adequate supply of fodder for cattle for two months, provided there is a good monsoon in june.
otherwise, the administration may need to take drastic steps for four months, including providing employment in drought-affected areas under mnrega.
the expenditure towards drought mitigation would require more fund mobilisation.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , sources said, has already issued standing orders to all district collectors to ensure that highest priority is accorded to making drinking water and fodder available.
the government, they said, has also issued guidelines mandating that dam and reservoir water be first supplied for drinking purposes, followed by agriculture and finally for industries.
advertisingearlier, the state government declared drought in 151 talukas of maharashtras 355 talukas and initiated various relief operations, including water management under which district collectors have been asked to deploy tankers to water-deficit talukas.
according to information, obtained from the water resources department, aurangabad division in marathwada has being worst hit.
the division has only 5.
27 per cent water available in its 964 dams.
in 2018, despite drought, water level in the dams here was 30.
46 per cent.
in marathwada, live water stock has touched zero in maximum number of dams, including paithan, manjara, majalgaon, yeldhari, siddheshwar, lower terna, sina kolegaon and lower dudhna.
across the state, so far 19 dams have zero water stock, including khadakpurna and pentakli (buldhana); gosikhurd (bhandara); dina (gadchiroli); bham and punegaon (nashik); pimpalgaon, ghod and temghar (pune); bhima (solapur); kundali tata and lonavala tata.
the second worst-affected region is in nagpur division (eastern vidarbha region) where water level in 384 dams have declined to 502.
02 million cubic metres out of the total 4,607.
01 million cubic metres.
the available water in dams here is 10.
9 per cent, lower than last summers 17.
18 per cent.
the amravati division (western vidarbha), with 446 dams, currently has 1,009.
94 million cubic metres live water stock out of a total 4,193.
26 million cubic metres storage capacity.
at 24.
08 per cent, this is marginally better that last years 21.
12 per cent recorded around this time.
in the 176 dams along the coastal konkan region, which does not face a drought-like situation, water level in dams are at 40.
7 per cent, down from last years 49.
5 per cent.
the situation in nashik division is no better, with water level in 571 dams here having 18.
36 per cent water stock compared to last years 34.
26 per cent.
in pune division, 726 dams have a live water storage of 23.
66 per cent, compared to last years 36.
92 per cent.
b'ashok chavan alleged that the new delimitation of wards was done to help the shiv sena bjp candidates in the upcoming pmc elections.
ashok chavan alleged that the new delimitation of wards was done to help the shiv sena bjp candidates in the upcoming pmc elections.
state congress chief ashok chavan held a meeting with city party workers on saturday in preparation for the upcoming civic polls.
although he ducked questions on congress alliance with the nationalist congress party (ncp), he said the city unit will face the elections under the guidance of former chief minister prithviraj chavan and city party chief ramesh bagwe.
senior congress leaders including prithviraj chavan, former ministers harshvardhan patil and bagwe too were present in the two-and-a-half hour long meeting.
chavan inaugurated a social media cell of the party and also felicitated students of the college of engineering, pune (coep), who developed the satellite swayam.
speaking to reporters, chavan said he received mixed feedback on the question of facing the municipal polls in alliance with the ncp or going solo.
he said the decision on this complicated issue would be taken in the future and that he saw a great amount of confidence in party workers.
chavan also alleged that he has received a complaint regarding delimitation of wards in a skewed way with interference from the ruling disposition which may benefit the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and shiv sena candidates during the civic polls.
this is a very serious allegation that several partymen from different parts of the city have made.
the party will definitely look into this and make a complaint with the election commission if we find any substance in the allegations.
when we were in power, we never used such dirty tricks, said chavan.
chavan also alleged that chief minister devendrafadnavis has lost control of his cabinet which, he said, was made apparent from a twitter exchange between fadnavis and rural development minister pankaja munde.
the impression that the public is getting is that the chief ministers decision and planning has no bearing on his cabinet and we are afraid that this will have a devastating effect on the morale of the administration, he said.
even in the case of eknath khadse who had to resign over allegations of corruption, he said that the chief minister had jumped the gun by giving a clean chit to the former minister without even letting an inquiry happen.
actions like these betray the true intentions of this government.
we have always demanded and continue to demand that the inquiry in the alleged corruption by khadse should be conducted by a sitting judge of the high court.
the chief minister has announced that a retired judge will probe the case.
not only this, he has also gone ahead and given a clean chit to khadse.
why this farce of an inquiry then?
asked chavan.
bandra kurla complex bandra kurla complexin a move that will change the nature of bandra kurla complex, the citys topmost business district will soon have more residential real estate development and high-end luxury apartments coming up alongside premium office complexes.
the chief minister-led mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda), which is the special planning authority for bkc, has decided to explore a more mixed-use development on all vacant plots in the business district.
the authority is also hoping to liven up the business district, which wears a deserted look after working hours, by adding more residential development.
accordingly, in case of its commercial plots in g block where most of the vacant land is, the authority will allow developers to use up to 30 per cent of the permissible construction area for residential development at no extra cost or premium.
plots in the g block, reserved for residential purposes, will however have to be developed as residential structures, though the mmrda will permit developers to use the ground and first floors as commercial spaces.
watch video: whats making newschief minister devendrafadnavis gave his nod to the proposal at the mmrdas board meeting earlier this month.
a senior mmrda official, who did not wish to be named, said, several companies interested in bidding for plots in the bandra kurla complex had demanded a more mixed-use development as it is financially more viable for them.
now that the authority has approved it, we will send a formal proposal to the state government to amend the norms.
the mmrda, which does not get any budgetary allocation from the state, funds various infrastructure work in the mumbai metropolitan region by raising finances through its land bank.
officials said the authority was currently in the process of auctioning one of its largest remaining commercial plots measuring about 1.
5 hectare after a six-year hiatus, and most interested bidders had asked it to permit partial residential development.
we currently have about 25 to 30 hectare of vacant land in bandra kurla complex with a total potential for built-up area adding up to 120 hectare.
these plots will get the benefit of mixed-use development, the mmrda official said.
as of april 2015, bkc had just three residential projects to offer, adding up to 220 units, as per a report by cushman & wakefield, a real estate research and consultancy firm.
the report added that as per the zoning details for various blocks in the bkc, only 54.
8 hectare of the total 370.
6 hectare was set aside for purely residential development as of now.
of this, the g block, the nerve centre of most activity in the complex, is spread across 135.
1 hectare, of which 19.
3 hectare is currently earmarked for only residential development.
the state government says it is not against loan waiver but will take a decision (on that) at an appropriate time.
what does it mean?
jayant patil, ncp leader of the house in legislative assembly.
the state government says it is not against loan waiver but will take a decision (on that) at an appropriate time.
what does it mean?
jayant patil, ncp leader of the house in legislative assembly.
maharashtras former finance minister jayant patil is of the opinion that no chief minister or finance minister will ever give consent to a crop loan waiver when the governments coffers are running empty.
patil, who is currently the leader of the ncp in the legislative assembly, had held the states finance portfolio for three consecutive terms in the congress-ncp coalition government since 1999.
watch what else is making newsdiscussing the politics, economics and arithmetic of crop loan waiver both at the centre and in maharashtra, while speaking to the indian express, patil put across the challenges for any government having to deal with financial constraints.
the conservative estimate of crop loan waiver would work out to rs 25,000 cr to rs 30,000 cr approximately.
now, no wise chief minister or finance minister will give permission for the crop loan waiver.
the task has become more challenging for the present government that has miserably failed in fiscal prudence, thus reflecting poor financial management, said patil.
he added: the overall budget spending shows 47 per cent, which means there is an undeclared cut in force.
the series of mega-projects being pursued by chief minister devendrafadnavis in multiple sectors, like infrastructure, also makes us wonder how they would mobilise the funds.
speaking about the socio-politics behind the oppositions demand for a crop loan waiver during the ongoing budget session, patil justified it.
he said: our decision is not politically driven.
it is our concern to bring immediate relief to the farmers across rural maharashtra.
in the last three to four successive years, farmers suffered due to drought.
last year, we had a good monsoon.
there was good crop production.
however, farmers earnings were badly affected because of the demonetisation policy imposed from november 8, 2016.
patil added: farmers were forced to sell their vegetables, fruits and crops at much lower prices.
except for cash crops like sugarcane, all other crops fetched lower prices causing revenue loss to farmers.
taking a strong objection to the governments argument that the loan waiver had helped district cooperative banks and not farmers in the past, he said: i am not asking money for banks.
the government can always directly transfer the cash into farmers accounts.
the ncp leader said: if prime minister narendra modi can promise loan waiver to farmers in uttar pradesh, what stops the government from taking the decision in maharashtra?
this is our basic question at a time they boast of a robust economy, which is not the case.
therefore, as i said in the beginning, unless any state has surplus money it would be a difficult task to waive the crop loans completely.
reminding of former union agriculture minister sharad pawars 2008 decision after discussion with then prime minister manmohan singh on a crop loan waiver of rs 71,000 crore for the entire country, patil said, there were no immediate elections.
but the upa government still went ahead with the decision to bring relief to farmers.
he added: today, the state government says it is not against loan waiver but will take a decision (on that) at an appropriate time.
what does it mean?
commenting on the shiv sena trying to take credit for the demand for crop loan waiver, patil said: they are a confused party.
on one hand they are enjoying power in the government, and on the other they are trying to show that they are an opposition party.
taking a dig at the sena, he said: now, all opposition parties had taken a decision to protest at the footsteps of vidhan bhawan on the crop loan waiver issue.
but just to show that they are different, the shiv sena sat a few feet away at the footsteps of chhatrapati shivajis statue.
a section was protesting against the government and the other half is participating in the government.
people will soon see their double standards.
the countrys financial capital, mumbai, may be the first to reflect public opinion on prime minister narendra modis demonetisation after the completion of the 50-day deadline with civic polls for mumbai, pune, thane, nagpur and six other cities in maharashtra to be held on february 21.
the results will be declared on february 23.
these polls are being seen as a mini referendum on the governments decision to pull out high-value notes.
with rural local bodies  zilla parishads and panchayat samitis  in 25 out of the 37 districts in maharashtra also going to polls on february 16 and february 21, a projection of the sentiment prevailing among rural voters will also be available.
the outcome of the rural body polls will be known on february 23.
the polls also hold special significance for maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who has already been projected by the ruling bjp as the face of its campaign for these elections.
a good electoral harvest for the bjp under fadnaviss leadership will put him in pole position for the upcoming assembly polls, while a poor showing will give grist to the mill to his detractors, both within and outside the party.
maharashtra legislative council chairman ramraje naik nimbalkar monday directed chief minister devendrafadnavis to suspend three members of the caste validity committee,who have allegedly sought bribes from the corporators for giving them caste validity certificates.
advertisingthe demand was made by anil parab, shiv sena legislator, and party group leader, alleging that the members sought rs 50 lakh bribe from the corporators.
the issue was originally raised by parab in july 2018 but the action has not been taken on it, parab added.
social justice minister dr suresh khade said the inquiry is complete and the report has been sent to cm.
not satisfied with minsters reply, nimbalkar said thecm should suspend the three members.
besides, nimbalkar also instructed the suspension of the members of the caste validity committee in parbhani for similar allegations.
bhattacharya expressed her reservations over the assurances and demand for complete farm loans waiver (file photo) bhattacharya expressed her reservations over the assurances and demand for complete farm loans waiver (file photo)a group of congressmen including legislators on thursday staged a protest outside the state bank of india headquarters at nariman point protesting its chairperson arundhati bhattacharyas remarks on farm loans waiver.
the protesters numbering over two dozen raised slogans against sbi and entered the sbi building demanding to meet some senior officials to register their formal grievance.
however, even as a senior officer was going to meet them, the protesters had left the premises, an sbi official said.
yesterday, bhattacharya expressed her reservations over the assurances and demand for complete farm loans waiver, coming up from different quarters in recent months.
these include the maharashtra opposition parties and ruling ally shiv sena, besides the karnataka government, and assurances to this effect during the recent election campaign in punjab and uttar pradesh.
bhattacharya, 60, said that this would disturb the credit discipline among the borrowers, they would keep expecting more such waivers in future and even those (future) loans would remain unpaid.
the congress, ncp and ruling shiv sena have been vehemently demanding a package to fully write off all existing farm loans in maharashtra since the budget session of the state legislature started.
the shiv sena has even warned its ally that it would disrupt the proceedings till the farm loan waiver package is announced and create hurdles in the budget presentation this week.
chief minister devendrafadnavis informed the legislature on thursday that in the past five years, there have been 16,000 farmers suicides despite writing off farm loans, and asked the opposition, who would guarantee that suicides will stop after another such scheme is implemented?
navi mumbai apmc market on day 2 of farmers strike on friday navi mumbai apmc market on day 2 of farmers strike on fridaythe farmers stir in maharashtra entered a decisive phase on friday.
toughening its stand, the kisan kranti morcha (kkm), a coordination committee of various protesting farmers outfits, has now given a call for a maharashtra bandh on june 5 if their demands are unmet.
farmers across the state have gone on an indefinite strike from june 1 onwards.
pressing demands for a minimum price guarantee for farm produce and a full waiver of farm loans, they have refused to sell their produce in markets.
among other demands, the kkm has raised the demand for an urgent implementation of reforms recommended by the m s swaminathan commission in 2006 and the introduction of a pension scheme for farmers.
on friday, the second day of the strike, cities across maharashtra began feeling a crunch of essential commodities such as milk and vegetables.
with the threat of rise in inflationary pressure looming large, the bjp government in the state went into an intensive damage control exercise.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , who had on thursday blamed the opposition for fuelling the crisis, invited the core committee members of the kkm for talks.
after receiving the cms call in this regard around 2 pm, the core committee members, who were in ahmednagars puntamba village, decided to accept the governments invitation.
but just before leaving for mumbai, the kkm hardened its stance.
it announced that the farmers would observe a bandh across the state, with the exception of mumbai, on june 5, if their demands remained unfulfilled.
the kkm, however, kept supply of essential commodities out of the proposed bandhs ambit.
it further declared that on the following day, june 6, farmers will forcibly down shutters of all government offices across the state excepting mumbai.
flexing muscles further, the kkm declared plans of blocking the movement of bjps elected representatives altogether on june 7.
they (the bjp) are now understanding the farmers might.
prime minister narendra modi ran an election campaign where he promised a minimum price guarantee of 1.
5 times the input cost for farm produce.
it was his assurance that the recommendations made by the swaminathan commission would be implemented too if his government was elected to power.
but after coming to power, the bjp forgot these promises altogether, said core committee member jayaji survavanshi.
blaming the government for the crisis, suryavanshi said, they paid no heed to our demands.
in fact, the government tried to split the farmers movement.
the kkm on friday also strongly objected to the cms contention that political forces were behind the stir.
the chief minister has insulted the farmers movement, said suryavanshi.
government officials said that the meeting between the two sides was scheduled to take place at chief ministers residence in south mumbai around 11.
30 pm on friday.
at the time of going to press, the discussions were still ongoing.
while the chief minister had ruled out a blanket loan waiver on thursday, senior government sources said that he is keen to break the impasse.
there are fears of worsening law and order if the stir continues.
sources said that the government is considering the option of writing off loans up to rs 1 lakh of marginal farmers, who have defaulted on crop loans due to natural calamities.
on monday, the chief minister had hinted that a relief package was being formulated for about 31 lakh farmers.
the state has a total of 1.
3 crore farmers.
but the kkm indicated on tuesday that such a package was not acceptable to them.
all farmers who depend on farming for a living are in distress.
all of them must be covered, said suryavanshi.
earlier in the day, social activist anna hazare offered to mediate between the two sides.
but the kkm turned him down.
where was he (hazare) when we were protesting for the past three years?
we can handle talks on our own.
we do not need him, said suryavanshi, questioning hazares sudden offer for help.
meanwhile, a senior bjp minister, on the condition of anonymity, admitted that the government had underestimated the protest initially.
it now finds itself caught in a bind.
maharashtras economic outlook had worsened in the last fiscal.
in 2017-18, the government has already estimated that the states public debt would cross the rs 4 lakh crore mark.
protesting farmers are also demanding other fiscal incentives, including interest-free loans, free farm electricity, a customised pension scheme for farmers, and perks for switching to drip irrigation.
to counter the allegations, the fadnavis government, meanwhile, has taken to projecting the various measures it has taken to boost farm productivity.
scramble for political gainson tuesday, the `(marxist) announced that its peasants front the all india kisan sabha would lay seige on tehsil offices across the state on june 5 in support of farmers.
cpi (m) general secretary sitaram yechury, who was in mumbai on friday, announced that his party was in active support of the farmers strike.
firing a salvo at the bjp government, yechury said, this government writes off bad loans of big business houses, but cringes when farmers in distress seek a loan waiver.
we are seeking loan waiver for all suffering farmers.
the cpi (m) leader also made it clear that his party has plans to build a political narrative around peoples struggles.
bjp ally shiv sena took to the streets with the protestors in dhule on tuesday.
nationalist congress party chief sharad pawar and congresss maharashtra chief ashok chavan have already backed the stir.
the farmers should continue the stir till a full loan waiver and the other demands are fulfilled, said pawar, while chavan slammed fadnavis for suggesting that the strike was politically motivated.
time for him to introspect, said chavan.
maharashtra navnirman sena, too, has come out in support of the protestors.
b'farmers protest march from nashik on the way to mumbai arrives at thane on saturday evening.
(express photo/janak rathod) farmers protest march from nashik on the way to mumbai arrives at thane on saturday evening.
(express photo/janak rathod)through sunday, the financial capital witnessed 40,000 farmers and tribals from across maharashtra march slowly across the length of the city.
having walked over 160 km in six days, the men and women traversed their final 20 km into central mumbai even as the state government scrambled to prevent the embarrassment of a gherao of the legislature as threatened by the cpi (m)-affiliated all india kisan sabha that has organised the long march.
the farmers, including a very large number from tribal-dominated talukas in nashik, thane and palghar, are demanding a loan waiver free of any conditions, implementation of the forest rights act, fixed remunerative prices for agri produce, and implementation of the recommendations of the swaminathan commission.
follow live updates on the maharashtra farmers protestas the shiv sena, congress, mns, and others extended support to the protesting farmers, chief minister devendrafadnavis invited a delegation of farmer leaders for talks on monday afternoon.
who are among the protesting 40,000?
radhabai kisan gagonde, 65the senior citizen from dahivi village in nashiks dindori tehsil has walked all six days.
she is seeking transfer of a one-acre plot of forest land that she has been tilling for two decades to her name.
i spent my entire life working in others fields.
now, i want the land to be transferred to our names, so that my grandchildren are able to get an education and have a better life, said radhabai, who is a member of the kisan sabha, and had been among the 40,000 farmers who protested in nashik city in march 2016.
explained | new edge to agrarian distress: why demands are more than loan waiverhiraman waghmare, 46hiraman tills five acres of forest land in chikadi village in nashiks suhana tehsil.
he is entirely dependent on a good monsoon.
i dont have money for a well or a borewell.
i also work as a farm labourer and get rs 50-100 per day, he said.
he hopes that once the forest land that his community has been tilling for decades is transferred to their names, he might be able to get a loan.
maybe then i can make some arrangements for irrigating the land.
rajebhau rathod, 42a farmer from surpimpri village in parbhani district in the arid marathwada region, rathod was elated when the government announced a rs 34,000-crore farm loan waiver, but his joy was short-lived.
i had taken a crop loan of rs 1.
80 lakh in 2012, but couldnt repay it due to the drought years after that.
my three acres of land is non-irrigated, and i have been unable to get any profit from farming, he said.
he expected to be one of the beneficiaries of the loan waiver, and hoped that he would then be able to access a fresh loan for digging a well or a borewell.
but my application for the waiver was rejected, said rathod.
he said he does not know why he was found ineligible; the bank had simply informed him his name is not on the list of beneficiaries.
ramraje mahadik ramraje mahadikramraje mahadik, 40a 40-year-old farmer from manvat village in parbhani district of marathwada, mahadik is demanding compensation for his cotton crop damaged by a pink bollworm attack.
my crop was hit very seriously.
the yield fell from 10 quintals per acre to just 2-3 quintals per acre this year.
from my three acres of land, i have been able to get only 12 quintals of cotton.
the government announced it would compensate for the damaged crop, but no money has come yet, he said.
having heard that some villages in parbhani were excluded from compensation, he said: whats our fault?
the state must give us compensation.
read | maharashtra: shiv sena, mns, aap extend support to farmers marchsunil mohondkar sunil mohondkarsunil mohondkar, 26this young tribal from aghai village in shahapur tehsil, thane, has come seeking transfer of forest land to his name and also seeking a government directive that water from the tansa dam in shahapur, which currently supplies water to mumbai, be used for farming.
i have been tilling 10 acres of land  rice, tur and groundnuts.
these are all seasonal crops, but we need to purchase water from others who have wells, he said.
he is among several hundred farmers affected by the construction of the tansa dam.
we are the affected farmers, and we ourselves are deprived of water, said mohondkar, who joined the march as it passed through shahapur.
krishna harvate krishna harvatekrishna harvate, 34a farmer from talwada in shahapur tehsil in thane district, krishna says the state government should improve implementation of the forest rights act (fra) 2006.
though the act came in 2006 and the rules were made in 2008, the government is not implementing it effectively.
while i have been tilling eight acres of land, they are offering us only a few acres in our names, harvate said.
he said he and several others from talwada had written to the district collector and others, and had come on the march as the last option.
ramdas sutar ramdas sutarramdas sutar, 39for this farmer from khubale village in dahanu, palghar district, both key demands of the long march  the forest land issue and a total farm loan waiver  hit close to home.
i have been tilling 10 acres of forest land, but the authorities have issued me a certificate for only 2 acres and 13 gunthas.
against this land, however, he managed to get a loan of rs 49,000 in 2014, a sum that remains outstanding.
he was ineligible for a loan waiver.
i am eligible for 10 acres as per the law, and i should get that.
besides, my loan from the district central bank should be waived, he said.
ambadas shardul ambadas shardulambadas shardul, 55of kolhe village in dindori, nashik, shardul is agitating for the transfer of forest land to tillers.
i till five acres on which i grow tomato, onion, soyabean, wheat and jowar.
i have dug one well and there is enough water.
but while i am able to earn a living, there is always the fear that the land could be taken from us in the future, as we do not have the title to it, he said.
the land is his only source of income, shardul said, and is critical for future generations, too.
what will my son do?
what about his children?
as prescribed by law, i want five acres land transferred to us.
manda pawar manda pawarmanda pawar, 45this woman farmer from pandana village in dindori tehsil, nashik district, wants forest land she has been cultivating transferred to her name, and also changes to the public distribution system.
though my family has been cultivating 10 acres of land, we need to work as farm labourers to make ends meet.
we have neither capital for investments, nor is there electricity or water, so how can we focus on farming?
she said.
once land is transferred, she hopes, electricity and water can be made available.
her other grouse is that for those surviving on subsistence farming, the reliance on rations from the public distribution system is high, but its reliability is poor.
we dont get it regularly, she said.
pawars two sons work as farm labourers and earn rs 200 per day.
krishna bendkule krishna bendkulekrishna bendkule, 42resident of male dumala village in dindori tehsil in nashik, the bendkule family has tilled their five acres of non-irrigated forest land for the last four generations.
this is our traditional land.
we grow some seasonal crops that are sufficient for our family.
in addition, all of us work as farm labourers for rs 100 per day, he said.
the tribals of his village have been waiting since the law was passed over a decade ago for land rights to be transferred to their name, for security.
bendkule was among those who agitated seeking the forest rights act.
now our protest will continue to get all the land that we have been tilling and to ensure the laws effective implementation.
we have no option but to continue with our protest, bendkule said.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray said on wednesday that the seat-sharing formula for the assembly polls has been decided at the time of forging alliance with the bjp for the lok sabha elections, indicating that there will be no change in it.
advertisingthere is no need to raise any question on the alliance.
prior to the lok sabha polls, the chief minister had announced the alliance for the assembly elections following discussions with me and bjp chief amit shah.
so, the alliance formula has been already decided, uddhav told mediapersons at his residence matoshree.
the sena chief was referring to a joint press conference held in february after the sena and bjp forged an alliance for the lok sabha polls.
any other discussion (on seat-sharing arrangement) has no meaning, uddhav said when asked about speculations that the party may get to contest less seats than bjp.
last week, revenue minister and bjp state president chandrakant patil had said the seat-sharing formula needed to be worked out between the two parties.
uddhav was interacting with mediapersons after former congress legislator dilip mane from south solapur and ncp legislator dilip sopal from barshi in solpaur district joined the sena.
the others who joined the party were atmaram kalate, ncp leader from bhor in pune, and bjp leader nagnath kshirsagar from mohol in solapur.
sopal said he has joined sena on the advice of his colleagues and party workers.
i am not angry with anyone but my colleagues and workers asked me to take this decision, he added.
actor amitabh bachchan travels in a local train as part of a movie project.
express photo actor amitabh bachchan travels in a local train as part of a movie project.
express photothe mumbai local, a longstanding symbol of the city of dreams and the frantic pace at which it runs, has played muse to several film-makers inspiring the likes of dombivli fast and ek chalis ki last local.
in recent years, however, not content with the bits and pieces roles that mumbai lifeline has played, it has also been used by several stars to connect with people while carrying out the promotional activity of their films.
anil kapoor recently landed in trouble after pictures of him leaning out of a suburban local train were circulated as part of the promotional activity for a television series.
while taking that extra step across the footboard, kapoor may have stepped over to the wrong side of the law as well, but other stars in the past have managed to zoom past the city on the local without any subsequent problems.
in november last year, amitabh bachchan had surprised passengers on the central railway when he hopped on to a train from cst and travelled upto bhandup to promote an upcoming movie.
bachchan along with one saurabh nimbalkar who plays guitars on local trains, regaled the commuters in the train by belting out bollywood numbers.
apart from this, ranbir kapoor, deepika padukone and sonakshi sinha too hopped on to the train for promoting their respective films last year.
however, much before the bollywood celebrities started taking the local train for the local connect, back in 2010, when congress vice-president rahul gandhi had come calling to the city, he had surprised everyone by getting into a train at andheri travelling upto dadar where he then went off on the central railway line and took a train from dadar to ghatkopar.
watch video: whats making newssoon after being elected chief minister of maharashtra, devendrafadnavis also took a kalyan fast from cst discussing overcrowding issues with the commuters.
ravindra bhaskar, chief public relations officer of the western railway, said, there are nearly two crore people travelling in local trains daily.
this is the most possible way to connect with the common people.
hence, you have more and more celebrities choosing the rail network for promotional work.
in addition to this, there are several movies that feature the rail network.
the central railway alone earned rs 81.
21 lakh for the eight film shoots that took place on its network in 2015-16.
the shooting of the film baaghi got the most income for the cr costing the makers nearly rs 24.
97 lakh.
the three highest earning locations were apta (earning rs 31.
58 lakh), wadi bunder (rs 13.
82 lakh) and cst (rs 7.
59 lakh).
chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday inducted maval mla sanjay alias bala bhegade as a minister of state (mos) into the expanded cabinet, and offered olive branches to mlas laxman jagtap and mahesh landge, who were ignored in the recent rejig, with a promise of justice in his next tenure.
advertisingreportedly, both jagtap and landge are upset on missing out on a cabinet berth, but were not contemplating on any drastic move, their associates said.
the chief minister had apparently called up jagtap and landge early sunday morning to pacify them over their non-inclusion into the cabinet.
landges brother kartik told the indian express, the cm called up mahesh dada around 6.
30 am.
he said he wanted to include either of them, but since both were eager, he could not (include them).
however, the cm promised that after the upcoming elections, he would include one of them in the ministry, kartik said.
advertisingkartik said both jagtap and landge have resolved their dispute.
mahesh dada told the cm that if jagtap is made a cabinet minister, he will have no problem.
pimpri-chinchwad should get representation, that is what he told the cm, he said, while denying reports that his brother was planning to quitthe bjp.
no question of quitting we will remain with the bjp, he said.
currently, landge is an associate mla of the bjp who was elected as an independent candidate from the bhosari constituency.
jagtap, however, refused to comment over the issue.
i wont like to comment, he said, when asked why he was once again ignored by the chief minister.
bjp general secretary sarang kamtekar denied reports that jagtap and landge were upset.
the ministry even otherwise would have been for a short term of two-three months.
we are sure after bjp-sena comes to power in the ensuing assembly elections, pimpri-chinchwad will get justice, he said.
both jagtap and landge, who were asked to lead bjps campaign in pcmc polls in 2017, have been waiting to become a minister since they uprooted sharad pawar-led ncp from pimpri-chinchwad where the party had ruled for over a decade and looked invincible.
jagtap and landge had both left the ncp to join the bjp.
landge was apparently promised a ministerial berth by the cm during his visit to chakan this month.
meanwhile, bhegade was allocated the portfolio of minister of state for labour environment, relief and rehabilitation, earthquake rehabilitation.
he is the second mla to become a minister from maval area since 1989 when congresss madan bafna was inducted as a mos that year.
bhegade has been elected twice from maval assembly constituency and is the senior-most bjp mla in pune district.
b'narsingh yadav was set to represent india at rio 2016 olympics in the 74 kg category.
(source: reuters) narsingh yadav was set to represent india at rio 2016 olympics in the 74 kg category.
(source: reuters)so this is how the story goes.
a cook at sonepats sports authority of india hostel is chopping onions as he prepares the meal for olympics-bound wrestler narsingh yadav.
he intends to saut the onions with ghee and eventually add to the dal that simmers on fire.
suddenly, he remembers tomatoes.
he moves to the store room to get them and returns to see bubbles surfacing around an island of some mysterious white powder, added in his absence.
though, bollywood potboilers vouch that spiked dals do froth furiously, there are no studies on the chemical reaction between anabolic steroids and pasty lentils.
the saboteur, allegedly a young boy from a rival camp, was caught but let go.
days later, a little over a month before the olympics, narsinghs drink would get spiked and the finger would point to that white-powder carrying kitchen trespasser.
adding intrigue, the tempering with deafening crackle, was narsingh mentioning in his affidavit, that the boy, the alleged culprit, was a trainee at his rival sushil kumars academy.
who would believe a story like this?
the national anti-doping agency (nada) hearing panel did, the world anti-doping agency didnt.
the nada panel thought narsingh, who tested positive for steroids, was a victim of that devious bubbling dal conspiracy hatched by his rival.
wada disagreed.
they gave narsingh a four-year ban.
watch: after narsingh yadav dope controversy, cctv cameras in all sai regional centresnow, india goes unrepresented in a weight-category where it had two world-class wrestlers and one serious medal hope.
actually, the medal miss is a minor scratch, there are deeper wounds.
the situation has crushingly humiliated narsingh and given india bad international press during the olympic fortnight.
it has put a question mark over the credibility of the institution entrusted with the job of keeping sports clean.
narsinghs non-participation thrusts under the scanner nadas judgment, its independence and the transparency of its working.
that apart, the man to suffer irreparable collateral damage from this unfortunate episode is indias most successful olympian, sushil, who without evidence or conclusive inquiry, is facing indirect accusations of machiavellian deception.
four years back, like sakshi and sindhu, we were at sushils home talking to his parents, informing them about the greatness of their son and expressing the gratitude of the nation.
today, narsingh has sympathy and sushil is almost a suspect.
when narsingh failed the dope test, his hopes hung on that wada rule, which says an athlete can get a pardon if he is able to prove that he was sabotaged by a rival.
anybody with basic wrestling iq will know that sushil happens to be narsinghs only rival, they went to court fighting for an olympic berth.
when the nada panel cleared narsingh to travel to rio, it meant the sabotage theory was upheld, and also, the unspeakable was implied.
and when wada overruled nada, does it mean that the nada panel misinterpreted the rules when they gave narsingh the benefit of doubt?
or did they succumb to pressure?
maybe, they did get swayed by the general mood and the high-profile narsingh backers.
even before the hearing began, the wrestling body chief, brij bhushan sharan singh, a bjp mp, was collecting evidence and throwing his weight behind the wrestler, who had just tested positive.
singh, who once during a television interview called himself mafia with 40 criminal cases, also spoke about informing the prime minister about the case.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis all along supported the mumbai-based wrestler and tweeted this after the nada ruling: we always knew that #narsinghyadav was being victimised.
our stand is vindicated.
thank you hon@narendramodi ji and @vijaygoelbjp ji!
the chorus was provided by the kinds who sign lengthy petitions without going past the first few lines and prime-time debaters drumming up nationalism before olympics.
all this when the police probe was still on and the kitchen trespasser hadnt even appeared before the nada panel.
what if there was no sabotage?
what if narsinghs food supplement was contaminated?
it seems there was no time for disagreements, consensus was so convenient.
at the cas hearing, the narrative would change as wada objected to the nada order.
wadas responsibilities were larger hence their scrutiny was more rigorous.
besides, they werent swayed by singh or fadnavis.
if they were buying the spiked dal argument today, they would have to be lenient to the tempered stew affidavit the next day.
india must be wiser after narsinghs rio miss.
officials need to be less confident when it comes to defending dope-positive athletes and cooks need to more careful when making dal.
both must know their onions.
b'chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday sought financial support from the centre for completion of 107 irrigation projects in drought-prone vidarbha and marathwada region of state.
pledging to sustain the state growth (gsdp) above 12 per cent between 2018 and 2030, he said, our objective is to increase the per capital income across region from present rs 1.
34 lakh to rs 6 lakh.
at the third meeting of the governing council of the niti aayog in new delhi, the cm stressed on the short and long term policy reforms initiative of his government towards making farmers self reliant by 2021.
the state government sought rs 7,187 crore from the centre to complete 107 irrigation projects within three years.
the cm also mentioned about the 26 irrigation projects under prime ministers krishisinchai yojna (pmky) which requires rs 16,603 crore.
micro irrigation fund be allowed to operate on similar pattern as that of long term rural credit funds instituted by nabard, the cm said.
during his presentation at the meeting chaired by prime minister narendra modi, he made recommendations on digital transformation programmes and higher compensation for local bodies tax following enforcement of goods and services tax.
aligarh muslim university students stage protest on friday.
(express photo by pallav bhuyan) aligarh muslim university students stage protest on friday.
(express photo by pallav bhuyan)internet services were suspended on friday in the wake of the unrest in aligarh muslim university over the portrait of mohammed ali jinnah.
protests have reached delhi and students were seen protesting outside uttar pradesh bhawan in the national capital in support of the amu students.
tension prevailed in aligarh and students continued their protests demanding action against right-wing protesters who entered the campus and wanted the pakistan founders portrait removed from the student union office, where it has been hanging for decades.
so what happened in amu?
a bjp mp has asked aligarh muslim university to explain why it displays a portrait of muhammad ali jinnah, triggering a row, days after a student sought permission to hold an rss shakha on its premises.
in a letter written to vice chancellor tariq mansoor on monday, aligarh mp satish gautam objected to pakistan founders picture on the walls of the amu student union office.
amu spokesman shafey kidwai on tuesday defended the portrait, apparently hanging there for decades, saying that jinnah was a founder of the university and granted life membership of the student union.
traditionally, photographs of all life members are placed on the walls of the student union, he said.
what were the consequences?
later on wednesday, over two dozen people were injured when aligarh muslim university (amu) students clashed with police.
the clash was triggered as police prevented a students march against an attempt by activists of rss affiliate hindu jagran manch (hjm) to storm into the campus earlier in the day.
sp atul kumar srivastava confirmed that slogans were raised against jinnah and torched his effigy before the police chased them away.
police lobbed teargas shells to disperse the students of aligarh muslim university demanding the arrest of outsiders who had barged into the campus, shouting slogans demanding removal of the portrait of muhammad ali jinnah from students union office.
the amu informed the centre and the state government about the situation while asking the students to maintain peace.
amu teachers association (amuta) asked the centre to order an impartial, time-bound judicial inquiry to punish the culprits.
it condemned the deliberate criminal activity at the university main gate.
instead of taking action against criminal aggressors, amu students were re-victimised by lathi-charge, amuta said in a statement.
internet services were suspended in the region as it had come to the administrations notice that some anti-social elements could vitiate communal harmony by spreading rumours through videos, using internet services, his order said.
targeting former vice president hamid ansariaccording to the amu students union (amusu), the group of students who had entered amu campus on wednesday to protest against display of a portrait of jinnah were looking to target former vice president hamid ansari, who was on campus at the time.
in a complaint to the police, amusu alleged that 20 to 25 people of right-wing students outfits from other colleges entered the campus, raising slogans against ansari.
theres no question of celebrating jinnah in india, says yogi adityanathaccording to up chief minister yogi adityanath, there was no question of celebrating jinnah in india.
speaking to a news channel, the cm was quoted as saying, theres no question of celebrating jinnah in india.
seems the amu jinnah photo might be coming off for good.
meanwhile, veteran lyricist-screenwriter javed akhtar waded into the row on thursday, saying it was shameful that the portrait of muhammad ali jinnah was put up in aligarh muslim university but people, who were protesting against it, should also oppose the temples made to honour nathuram godse.
the ncp on thursday accused bjp of raking up the issue of muhammad ali jinnahs portrait at the aligarh muslim university (amu) for political gains.
the sharad pawar-led party also dared maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to accept the demand of bjp legislator mangal prabhat lodha to demolish the jinnah house, once the mumbai residence of pakistans founder.
weeks before sowing starts across the state for the 2019-20 kharif season, while the state government is concerned about poor credit uptake in the crop loan sector, farmers and farmer leaders are complaining that access to fresh credit remains poor.
the slowing down of crop loans was also discussed at fridays stock-taking meeting of officials from across the state ahead of the sowing season, chaired by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
advertisingit is a misconception that there is a dip in demand for agricultural loans, said dr ajit navle of the all india kisan sabha.
very large number of farmers are desperately in need of credit right now, for purchase of farm inputs including seeds and fertiliser, and they are unable to access fresh institutional credit either because theyve become defaulters in the hope of the government relaxing the various conditions imposed on its loan waiver, or have restructured their loans and banks are unwilling to allow them fresh loans.
navle said the numbers of farmers who will return to private moneylenders or others offering usurious rates of interest will rise this year.
for the year 2019-20, the state-level bankers committee (slbc) has set an annual credit plan for agriculture of rs 87,322 crore, little lower than the previous years target.
over the last two years, only 50 to 60 per cent of the crop loan targets have been met.
several officials interpret this as a dip in demand for fresh credit.
professor r ramakumar of the tata institute of social sciences says a declining growth of agricultural credit is an all-india trend for the last three or four years, and is not restricted to maharashtra alone.
while its not easy to assess if this is a supply or demand question, ramakumar says banks have historically slowed down offering of fresh credit to farmers after a loan waiver, a trend witnessed after previous loan waivers.
the maharashtra government announced a rs 24000 crore farm loan waiver in june 2017, and has so far waived off loans to the tune of rs 16,000 crore.
advertisingon the demand side, are farmers demanding less credit due to distress?
this can be seen two ways.
on one hand, farmers may be cutting down on costs because of the agrarian distress, perhaps not undertaking a lot of operations and not spending as much as they did previously.
on the other hand, the reverse is also possible, farmers may want to intensify operations to make up for previous losses and may want more credit.
it is difficult to say which is true, he says.
but owing to the widespread financial distress over the past two-three years, farmers and especially those with kisan credit cards would likely be seeking loans beyond the rs 2 lakh-rs 3 lakh segment for consumption, or for non-agricultural purposes  although these would also be counted as agricultural loans in banks books.
some of that borrowing would have happened, says ramakumar.
and if it has happened, then credit uptake should have risen.
but it has not, and so by method of elimination the conclusion appears to be that maybe fresh farm loan applications are not being granted loans.
incidentally, in april, bank of maharashtra, the lead banker for the slbc, issued a circular instructing branches in six districts of maharashtra, all drought-hit districts, not to issue fresh crop loans at the branch level.
titled analysis of agriculture portfolio: special emphasis on npas under agriculture, the april 18 circular called the condition of the banks farm loans pathetic, with gross npas as a percentage of total agriculture sector advances standing at 18.
36 per cent at the end of 2018-19.
this percentage has been growing  it was 11.
3 per cent on march 31, 2017, and 15.
38 per cent on march 31, 2018.
fresh slippages for bank of maharashtra stood at rs 1,300 crore in 2018-19, up from rs 865 crore in 2016-17 and rs 977 crore in 2017-2018.
the circular basically told branches in zones where npas are over 15 per cent not to sanction new loans or enhanced credit proposals at the branch level.
instead, genuine cases of existing borrowers with a good track record and new clients should be tapped and recommended to the higher authority for sanctions based on merit.
other banks including district central cooperative banks have similarly witnessed rising npas in the agriculture sector.
the growing npas could mean that farmers are awaiting fresh loan waivers, said one district collector from vidarbha.
ahead of elections to the state legislative assembly in october this year, chief minister devendrafadnavis has already indicated that an extension of the 2017-18 loan waiver may be inevitable.
ramakumar says data shows that while some farmers may be able to repay, they deliberately do not do so in anticipation of a loan waiver, the large majority comprises farmers genuinely affected by distress and unable to repay their loans.
according to cpi leader and farm activist rajan kshirsagar in parbhani, in large parts of marathwada, farmers who have applied for loans have been refused.
some have been unable to get their loans restructured.
fresh applications, even from the large numbers who still dont have access to institutional finance, are not being entertained.
and then there are those whose loan waiver process is not completed for technical reasons and so are still ineligible for fresh loans, kshirsagar says.
in addition, those with an outstanding older loan from perhaps two seasons ago, or from a non-drought year, have been rendered defaulters and are now unable to get renewed credit.
it is going to be a very stressful situation as the monsoon approaches and the time for sowing nears, he adds.
the maharashtra director general of police will soon submit a report to the state home department, stating that the allegations levelled by suspended assistant police inspector mahiboob mujawar regarding the alleged extra-judicial killings of two accused in the 2008 malegaon blast case are baseless and unfounded.
mujawar had created a stir by claiming that two wanted accused in the case  ramchandra kalsangra and sandeep dange  were killed by officers of the maharashtra anti terrorism squad (ats) and their bodies disposed of as unnamed victims of the november 2008 mumbai terror attack.
mujawar had also alleged that the maharashtra police failed to act on his complaint despite him writing to the then dgp s s virk in 2009.
watch what else is making newsthe probe, which is now complete, would be shared with the home department soon, sources said.
while he had sent a letter to the dgps office, it was never addressed to the dgp.
the letter was also vague and the officer failed to share the details of the alleged crime and its alleged perpetrators.
while we can expect a common man to write such letters, this is not accepted from a police officer, said a senior official privy to the findings.
we also found that mujawar never met the dgp in person.
he could have sought an appointment or met him during the orderly room meets (a special forum where lower-rung policemen meet the dgp with their grievances).
also, mujawar has claimed that he was witness to the murder, in that case he has failed as an officer to perform his duty and report a cognisable offence, the official added.
the findings also question the timing of mujawars allegations.
the allegations levelled by mujawar come at a time when the decision in his arms act case will be announced, the official said.
meanwhile on monday, activist neeraj gunde, who had written to the pmo last year on the claims made by mujawar, accessed the post-mortem reports of the two unidentified bodies of the 26/11 attacks.
gunde claimed the post-mortem reports hint that the fatalities were not caused by an ak-47.
in one case, the pm report states circular, surgical wound in front of the neck region of the size 1.
5-cm diameter.
another report states that, according to the police inquest, deceased was a victim of the november 2008 attack and was admitted at jj hospital on november 27, 2008 at 3.
40 am and died on november 29.
mujawar had asserted that dange and kalsangra were killed between 1 am and 4 am on november 27, 2008 night after terrorists killed three police officers, including the then ats chief hemant karkare.
so this matches what mujawar had said.
the post-mortem reports raise questions and only asserts mujawar claims and these needs to be thoroughly probed, said gunde.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
fadanvis was addressing a gathering after laying the foundation stone of a rail coach manufacturing factory in latur.
union railways and coal minister piyush goyal was also present on the occasion.
if a project does not get completed on time, modi ji does not let the concerned minister and the officers sleep until the work is done.
i want piyush ji to bring pm modi along to inaugurate this project in a year and a half, fadnavis said.
we are laying extensive metro lines in maharashtra but we had to import coaches from outside, despite we being ready to pay the railways for them.
this is the first project in the history of railways where bhoomipujan is being done within two months of it being approved, he said.
the chief minister expressed hope that the coach factory would be a magnet for allied industries and create thousands of jobs.
built on 153 hectares of land, the plant would manufacture electrical multiple units (railway term for suburban trains) and metro rail coaches.
the maharashtra government has offered relaxation in land, taxes and other requirements.
the maharashtra cm said vidarbha and marathwada regions were his governments priority, adding that both shared the same pain and thirst for development.
both regions want farmers to prosper and employment for youth, but have been struggling from many years on these fronts.
hence, our priority is to develop these regions first, he said.
fadnavis said industries were not willing to set up a base in marathwada as the region did not enjoy port connectivity.
our mumbai-nagpur super expressway project aims to bridge this gap.
all seven districts of marathwada have been connected to the expressway.
thus, mumbai is merely 7-8 hours away, he said.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has dropped a multi-crore welfare scheme to offer mediclaim and personal accident insurance to construction workers after the state bureaucracy flagged off irregularities in the appointment of a consultant and a contractor for the scheme.
the state-run maharashtra building and other construction workers welfare board  now headed by omprakash yadav  had kicked off the plans implementation before the chief ministers latest directive.
omprakash, also known as munna yadav, is a bjp corporator from sai mandir ward in nagpur municipality, which falls in the chief ministers nagpur south-west assembly constituency.
in the states political circles, he is seen as a staunch fadnavis supporter.
watch what else is making newsin june 2015, the cm had handpicked him as the board chairman.
the welfare board, which is tasked with the responsibility of providing support to construction workers, had already appointed a brokerage firm and had even selected an insurer for the project.
the bureaucracy had pointed out discrepancies in the manner these appointments were made, which led to the cancellation of the scheme.
fadnavis has now directed officials to provide health cover to construction workers under a universal scheme  the mahatma jyotiba phule jan arogya yojana (mjpjay)  from october 2, but senior government officials confirmed no inquiry has so far been ordered.
when the indian express asked the cm whether an inquiry would be launched regarding the irregularities, fadnavis texted, we have cancelled it.
had it been accepted, there would have been a loss.
the construction workers will be covered under the mjpjay.
for which tenders have already been invited.
the controversy comes at a time when the bjp is facing flak from some quarters over funding cuts for welfare measures.
data shows the board currently has about 5.
10 lakh registered construction workers, of which 2.
98 lakh are live registrations.
the state collects one per cent cess from property developers for funding the boards welfare activities.
the indian express has obtained all documents regarding the proposal and the discrepancies found in it under the right to information act.
these documents show the boards now-annulled plan was to insure about 2.
5 lakh live registered construction workers in the first phase, for which the government would have shelled out rs 50.
09 crore.
according to the documents, fadnavis decision to drop the scheme was in the backdrop of a report from maharashtra labour commissioner yashwant kerure regarding irregularities in the manner of appointment of the brokerage firm and the insurer.
kerure had submitted his first report in this regard on march 14 this year and another one a week later.
the state labour department, too, had red-flagged violations of government norms, documents reveal.
the board, headed by yadav, had on december 29, 2015, appointed deccan insurance and reinsurance brokers private limited as the broker firm.
shiv senas rajya sabha mp anil desai has confirmed he was an employee director with the firm till october 15, 2012.
in his affidavit to the rajya sabha that year, desai had even declared he had pecuniary interest in the firm and that he received a regular remuneration of rs 8.
11 lakh per year from it.
while the same declaration has also been included in desais subsequent affidavit filed in 2014, the shiv sena mp told the indian express that the firms mention in the 2014 affidavit was a mistake.
he said, ive already filed an addendum to the affidavit clarifying this.
i have no connections with the firm now.
just as speculation in this regard is rife in political and bureaucratic circles, even ravishankar paikakode, managing director, deccan insurance, maintained desai was not connected with the firm now.
brokerage firmthe labour commissioners march 14 report found a host of discrepancies in the e-tendering process followed for the appointment of the brokerage firm.
it had questioned the decision of the board and former labour commissioner h k jawales decision to evaluate interested bidder firms on technical parameters alone.
the boards tender document, which was floated on november 21, 2015, had left out commercial bids.
kerures report had concluded that this worked in firms favour since the commission charged by it remained under wraps.
the labour commissioner has suggested that the same commission was loaded on the premium amount that the government was to pay.
incidentally, documents show that appointing a brokerage firm was not a part of the boards original plan.
on july 15, 2015, the board had resolved to issue e-tenders directly for appointing insurers.
but this was revised on october 1 after yadav himself wrote to former labour commissioner jawale making a case for involving a brokerage firm, stating it would expedite settlement of claims.
the same letter, which has also been referred to in correspondences between the commissionerate and the government, had said there would be no need to pay the broker firm, which could collect commission from the insurer.
later, the boards technical committee  headed by yadav, and comprising jawale and director (audit and treasury)  decided to invite just a technical bid.
earlier, the government had ordered an inquiry into the broker firms appointment after the cmo received complaints from bjp mlc anil sole and congress mla yashomati thakur, and an unsuccessful bidder (prudent insurance brokers), in janaury 2016, alleging irregularities in the appointment.
thakur, in a letter to the chief minister on january 18, even demanded disqualification and blacklisting of deccan insurance, alleging it had misrepresented facts flouting qualification conditions of the tender.
while the tender had mandated presence of claim servicing representatives in all districts as an essential criteria, thakur submitted documents claiming representatives disclosed by the firm in at least eight district were bogus.
the representatives shown were not associated with the firm, she had alleged.
kerure, who replaced jawale as the labour commissioner in february, wrote to the firm seeking a clarification regarding the allegations.
later after going through the firms representation, he wrote to the government saying the firm had admitted that the claim servicing representatives in the districts were not on the companys roll call, and were employed on a project basis.
it added that another mandatory condition flouted was the condition that the employee strength must be above 100.
while the firm countered the latter charge in a subsequent letter to the commissioner on march 19, kerure went on to submit a second report to the government on march 21, where he stated that the firm hadnt even submitted work experience certificate of the claim servicing agents while recommending that the government should terminate the firms contract.
the blame was put on the former labour commissioner and the board when the labour departments then joint secretary balasaheb kolse patil commented on the file on april 6 that it was necessary to scrutinise all claims the firm made before handing over the appointment letter.
own norms floutedviolating the government norm that all works above rs 3 lakh must be compulsorily tendered out, the board later opted to invite sealed quotations from just four government sector insurance companies, which the labour department ruled as a major irregularity.
it was on the basis of the quotations that the board accepted the proposal from the new india assurance company limited, on january 18, 2016, for covering 2.
5 lakh workers for a collective premium of rs 50.
09 crore.
the insurers appointment proposal, which was forwarded to the government, was halted, when balasaheb kolse patil commented on the file that e-tendering the work would be necessary and mandatory.
kerures report, too, had questioned this violation.
yadav deflected the blame on the government officials who were on the boards management panel at that time.
jawale was present for the meeting when the decision was taken.
we were advised that inviting quotations for government sector firms was a common practice, which even the board had adopted in the past, he said.
kerures report also objected to the presence of a hidden cost component in the insurers quotation.
it also found that the firm had introduced a cap for certain major illness.
claiming there are a lot of cloud regarding the insurersappointment, kerure asked the government to reject the boards proposal.
divided over face-saverthe commissionerate and the labour department were divided over extending a universal health scheme to construction workers, documents reveal.
while kerure pushed it as a viable alternative, the department had advised the government against it, claiming application of a universal scheme would not qualify as a dedicated welfare measure for construction workers.
the government appeared to be caught in a bind over the issue, when labour department bureaucrats also cautioned that if a fresh tender were to be invited to appoint the broker firm, the possibility of the appointed firm challenging it legally could not be ruled out.
but while the department had recommended re-negotiations with the broker firm and fresh tenders for the insurers appointment, the chief minister backed kerures viewpoint.
on june 23, the chief minister convened a meeting with board members, where he ordered discontinuation of the boards scheme and directed officials to extend cover to construction workers under the mjpjay.
orders in this regard were finally issued on september 23, while the scheme was opened to workers from october 2 onwards.
yadav told the indian express that he would seek a report to fix accountability on those responsible for the irregularities.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis makes an aerial survey of flood hit areas in raigad, maharashtra on wednesday.
(source: pti) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis makes an aerial survey of flood hit areas in raigad, maharashtra on wednesday.
(source: pti)shiv sena on saturday took potshots at maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis over the mahad tragedy, saying he should stop aerial visits to mishap sites and demanded guardian ministers be barred from flying inside the state to understand its road and bridge conditions.
the sena also said the present governments ambitious make in maharashtra programme should begin with construction of good quality roads and bridges, in the absence of which no foreign nation would be willing to invest there.
instead of indulging in blame game and only conducting meetings to gauge the mahad tragedy, what is needed is to give a serious thought over the issue.
also, if the cm really wants to understand the situation of roads and bridges in the state and conduct a proper audit,he, along with other ministers need to shun planes and helicopters while touring the state, the party said in an editorial in its mouthpiece saamana.
district guardian ministers should not be given permission to fly to their respective districts.
let them travel by dilapidated roads and bridges and then conduct an audit.
because, when ministers fear for their lives, audit and repairs, both shall take place, it said.
read | wooing dalits: bjp tries to get caste math right but sena steals march over allyit further said that if in a progressive state like maharashtra, a large number of people lose their lives in natural calamities, the government needs to change the structure of its make in india and make in maharashtra programme.
watch video: whats making newsstart your make in maharashtra programme by fixing old and dilapidated bridges.
unless you construct proper roads, do not expect foreign nations to invest money here, it said.
also, if there was a strong government in the state from the last two years, what did it do to prevent this tragedy, itasked.
eight more bodies were recovered yesterday during search operation in the savitri river, where two state-run buses and some private vehicles were swept away after a british-era bridge collapsed in mahad, taking the toll in the tragedy to 22.
meanwhile, opposition congress slammed the double standards of sena over the mahad tragedy and said before the advising the bjp to fix bridges and roads in the state, it should do so first in mumbai.
senas corruption in the bmc has resulted in thousands of potholes across the city where people are losing lives.
sure, it can play the role of a big brother by advising the bjp but it should also play the role of a responsible brother and fix roads bridges in the city and not play with the lives of people for monetary gains, congress spokesperson al-nasser zakaria said.
b'farmers flock the nashik apmc on wednesday, a day before a strike called by farmers to stop supply of vegetables to cities and markets in the state.
mayur bargaje farmers flock the nashik apmc on wednesday, a day before a strike called by farmers to stop supply of vegetables to cities and markets in the state.
mayur bargajefarmers across maharashtra will stop sending their produce to markets across the state from thursday as part of a protest to seek loan waiver from the government.
agriculture produce market committees (apmc) across the state are expected to remain empty from thursday with the farmers threatening that they will not allow any kind of agricultural produce to be transported from their villages.
farmers in the state have been demanding a complete loan waiver from the present bjp government.
a delegation of farmers under the aegis of kisan kranti morcha had held a meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday to break the impasse.
but with no concrete assurance from the state, the strike will go on as planned, the farmers said.
in nashik, which provides bulk of vegetables that come to mumbai, farmers had been holding meetings in every village of the district to ensure that no agricultural produce crossed the village boundary towards any major city in the state.
interestingly, local leaders and big farmers have offered to open up their cold storage units for the farmers to store their produce till the protest is on.
we do not want to cause hardship to farmers by destroying the produce.
therefore, many of us have decided to open up our cold storage units for local farmers where they can store their produce till a solution is found, jayant deokar, a farmer from pimpalgaon, said.
some of the major demands of the farmers have been that the state clears the 7/12 extracts that are property documents of farmers from all liabilities.
the farmers are seeking interest-free loans, a pension scheme for farmers over the age of 60 years, uninterrupted power supply and a minimum support price of rs 50 per litre of milk.
we are looking into the demands.
a complete loan waiver at this time is not possible.
however, we will ensure that we find a solution to the problems of farmers.
adequate steps are being taken to ensure that there is no shortage felt in the cities, a senior state government official said.
mahalaxmi express train: at least 1,000 passengers, including nine pregnant women, have been rescued from the mahalaxmi express stranded near vangani in thane district due to water logging on tracks following heavy rains, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis confirmed on saturday.
advertisinga special train has been arranged for all the passengers from kalyan to kolhapur, cm fadnavis said while expressing his gratitude to ndrf, army, navy, airforce, police and railways for their coordinated rescue operation.
chief spokesperson of the central railway sunil udasi said all 1,050 passengers were taken to a safe spot, pti reported.
all necessary arrangements like food, transportation, and shelter have been made at sahyadri mangal karayalay.
besides, ambulances with 37 doctors and gynaecologists have been deployed for an emergency.
advertisingdue to a raging ulhas river, the mahalaxmi express train got stuck at chamtoli within the limits of badlapur due to flooded tracks.
the passengers were safe, but the only concern was a rise in water level on the tracks, resident deputy collector (thane) shivaji patil had earlier said.
at least 700 passengers are stranded as mahalaxmi express was held up between badlapur and vangani station in mumbai due to heavy rains saturday morning.
read more: https://t.
co/tafabclqn8 pic.
twitter.com/g281pg4i2r  the indian express (@indianexpress) july 27, 2019meanwhile, union home minister amit shah applauded the exemplary effort of the rescue teams, including the ndrf, navy, iaf and railway and state administration, adding the centre was closely monitoring the entire operation.
teams of ndrf, navy, iaf, railways&state administration have safely rescued all the 700 passengers stranded on mahalaxmi express near mumbai.
we were closely monitoring the entire operation.
kudos to the rescue teams for their exemplary effort, shah said.
a team of national disaster response force (ndrf) arrived at the location where mahalaxmi express was held up.
eight flood rescue teams from the navy including three diving teams had been mobilised with rescue material, inflatable boats and life jackets.
a sea king helicopter was also deployed with divers equipped with auto inflatable craft for deployment in the area as advance assessment party.
western naval command is keeping a close watch on the situation and is in constant touch with the state administration to respond as required and provide necessary assistance in flood-affected areas.
follow today weather live updatescm fadnavis had instructed the chief secretary to personally monitor rescue operations.
seven navy teams, two helicopters of indian air force, two military columns were deployed along with the local administration.
two more military columns are on the way, said a cmo maharashtra statement.
railway protection force and city police first reached the site and distributed biscuits and water to the stranded passengers.
central railways had issued an advisory to the stranded passengers to not get down from the train.
please dont get down from train.
train is the safe place.
staff, rpf and city police is in train to look after your well being.
please wait for advice from ndrf and other disaster management authorities, the central railway said in a statement on twitter.
the central railway also released videos of rpf and police officers assuring the passengers of their safety.
mumbai has been witnessing heavy rainfall since friday which has caused waterlogging in several parts of the city and suburbs.
the weather department also issued an orange alert signifying that authorities should be alert and ready to take necessary action.
heavy to very heavy rainfall is likely in mumbai, thane, and raigad districts, while extremely heavy rainfall is likely at isolated places in palghar district, an imd official told pti.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
(file photo) maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)there is nothing wrong with politicians and the corporate sector working together provided they keep the principle of nation first in mind and not use the nexus to serve their vested interests, said chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday while sharing the dais with ratan tata, former chairman of the tata groups, in mumbai.
attending transform maharashtra, an event where they interacted with students, fadnavis said, i firmly believe the process of transformation has set in with policy reforms undertaken by our government and will keep pace with the expectations of new age india driven by pm narendra modi.
he said the process of transformation has transcended beyond politics and corporate sector to diverse sectors and segments.
the bottom line is the peoples participation to deliver the change, he said.
exuding optimism on maharashtra day, the cm said, my generation will see the change.
and i believe the generation next will consolidate the process of development to the next level in coming years.
both fadnavis and tata dwelt at length on the start-up projects which had caught the imagination of youngsters maharashtra.
fadnavis said, we are soon coming up with a comprehensive start-up policy.
pune will be the main start-up hub of maharashtra and would be linked with pathways to connect to cities and towns across maharashtra.
tata stressed on a strong ecosystem to bring investments in start-ups with strong centres and pathways.
in the us, which has seen a start-up boom, there are centres at massachusetts and california.
we have to ensure that there are one to two strong centres.
mumbai can be one of them in maharashtra, he said.
tata said, if i were 20 years younger, i would have loved to savour the new age india and maharashtra.
our chief minister is doing a good job.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday said development of backward vidarbha and marathwada is integral for the overall growth of the state.
fadnavis who outlined the critical sectors said the total funds required to complete the ongoing irrigation projects across state would be rs one lakh crore.
and reiterated that irrigation potential of state is just 18 per cent.
during an interaction with media at nagpur, fadnavis said, the emphasis of the government would be on small irrigation projects along with water conservation given greater priority.
while admitting that drip irrigation would be made mandatory in cultivation of sugar cane crops which is high water intensity, he said,  we will have rework our policies to maximise the irrigation potential in the next five years.
the chief minister indicated that reforms in power tariff, higher investment in industrial sector, non-conventional energy polices are some of the decisions which will be accorded greater priority.
the chief minister expressed concerns in power sector arguing, the government would promote solar pumps to tackle the power crisis.
almost 5.
5 lakh solar pumps would be installed in phased manner which would bring down the reliance of farmers on conventional power.
according to fadnavis, the solar energy requires initial investment in developing the infrastructure.
but it is result oriented as it can be availed almost 300 out of 365 days in maharashtra.
he said, instead of power subsidy given to farmers if we utilise the rs 20,000crore it would address almost 50 per cent of the power requirement in agriculture sector.
he reiterated governments concern to rationalise the power tariff to industries to make them more competitive vis a vis other states which have lower power rates.
and also indicated that the thrust on attracting higher investment to boost the industry remains a challenge.
the chief minister also highlighted the commitment to digital land records.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: pti/file) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: pti/file)chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday said the loan waiver promised by the state government was the biggest ever, even as the farmers agitation in the state continued for the sixth day.
he said that they will implement the waiver before october 31 and that modalities for it were being worked out.
i can say with conviction that this will be the biggest loan waiver in maharashtras history, fadnavis told reporters.
he blamed political activists hiding behind farmers for road blockades as part of the agitation and said that he would not consult those seeking to make political gains.
fadnavis added that he would talk only to true farmer leaders.
he vowed to deal firmly with those using farmers for their vested interests while warning political parties.
it is evident that a section of political parties are interested in the strike to bake their own bread at the cost of poor farmers.
he asked where was the strike and where were the farmers.
these political parties are resting their guns on farmers shoulders to fire.
they are interested in violence to unleash unrest in state.
fadnavis said that 300 agricultural produce market committees (apmc) out of the states 307 were operational on monday.
he added that four of them had their weekly day off while three were shut because of the agitation.
maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar said that their government was looking to cover the burden with the help of an additional rs 10,000 crore mobilisation through non-tax revenues, 14 per cent growth in gsdp expected during the fiscal and also savings on expenses.
around 1.
07 crore farmers, with less than five acres of land, would be eligible for the waiver.
but farmers, who have been agitating since june 1 for loan waivers, higher minimum support prices, continued with their agitation as prices shot up as a result of short supply of vegetables and fruits.
officials said that the supply was half at punes apmc, which pushed the prices up three to five times.
the supply of vegetables was one per cent of the usual supply while there was no milk collection in ahmednagar district.
farmers locked offices of revenue officers in kolhapur, nashik districts and dumped vegetables outside offices of top officials in ahmednagar and amravati.
around two dozen swabhimani shetkari sanghatna (sss) members were held as they were protesting outside the collectors office in sangli and in amaravati.
bjp-led maharashtra governments ally, shiv sena, which is supporting the agitation along with sss, warned the bjp that the lava of farmers pain would create havoc if it did not give into their demands.
b'shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray.
(source: pti/file) shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray.
(source: pti/file)shiv sena president uddhav thackeray demanded stopping water supply to breweries in drought-hit aurangabad in marathwada region, on saturday.
thackeray, who was in marathwada, said, when people are not getting water for drinking, there is no justification in supplying it to breweries.
responding to the senas demand, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said that he had called for a report from the aurangabad divisional commissioner on the sector-wise allocation of water to industrial companies.
after getting the report, the government would take a formal decision on water supply to these industries, including the breweries, he added.
fadnavis said, we have already deployed trains to supply water to drought-hit latur.
among the eight districts in marathwada, latur is the worst hit and drinking water comes to latur once in three to four days.
the fifth train carrying five-lakh litres of water reached latur on saturday.
every train has 50 wagons of drinking water.
however, minister for rural development pankaja munde has opposed the stopping of water to breweries.
she said, no additional water is being given to the breweries.
the water supplied is within the quota reserved for industrial units.
however, water resources minister girish mahajan said, the priority of the government is to ensure drinking water to residents.
if there is shortage of water, we can curtail water to industrial units.
a senior sena cabinet minister said,  how can munde justify the water supply to breweries when people have no water for drinking.
what quota is she talking?
does she even know that water supply to aurangabad is once in two days, latur once in three day.
chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray on wednesday maintained that the bjp-sena alliance was going strong and its victory was imminent in the state polls.
advertisingaddressing a gathering at vashi in navi mumbai, fadnavis said: instead of worrying about mass entry (of opposition leaders in the bjp), people need to introspect whats causing the mass exodus.
we are going to win the elections, but we wont let it get to our head.
my friends in the media tell me theres no fun in the elections, as the result is pre-decided.
it is just a matter of how many seats we win, he added.
on wednesday, ganesh naik, a heavyweight in navi mumbai, joined the bjp along with his supporters and family members from the ncp.
speaking at a event held at the cidco exhibition centre in navi mumbai, the cm said, it has become clear to everyone that the progress is possible only with narendra modi.
this is what is prompting all local leaders to join bjp.
we welcome them all.
advertisingon a lighter note, he added: we had our eyes on ganesh naik for sometime.
naik said: i have always worked for the people and not for my personal gains.
i realised that many of my projects would become a reality only if there was a better leadership.
i believe the cm and i can make navi mumbai shine even better than it already does.
earlier in the day, fadnavis inaugurated the belapur-pendhar metro trial run in taloja and kick-started the registration for 9,249 of the proposed 95,0000 residential units being built by cidco.
meanwhile, at an event in thane, uddhav said: we will try and finish the major development projects before the code of conduct is imposed.
thane feels like home and we will not leave any stone unturned for it.
the sena-bjp alliance exists and will continue, as it is a strong bond, he added.
shiv sena president uddhav thackeray (pti photo) shiv sena president uddhav thackeray (pti photo)amid intense mudslinging between shiv sena and bjp ahead of bmc elections, the uddhav thackrey-led party rubbished the allegations of it having a match-fixing with congress in the polls and challenged bjp to prove it or stop making statements that divert peoples attention.
watch what else is making newsbjp, apparently accepting the challenge, without taking uddhav thackerays name, sought an open debate with the sena leadership over the matter.
mumbai bjp chief ashish shelar had yesterday alleged match-fixing between congress and sena in 42 wards, saying both parties have fielded weak candidates in these wards to benefit the other.
we challenge ashish shelar to prove his claims or stop making statements that divert peoples attention.
we want him to name the 42 wards in which he alleged our match-fixing with congress, senior shiv sena leader anil parab said.
reacting to it, bjp spokesperson madhav bhandari said, we are completely ready to conduct an open debate.
we want things to be out in public as well.
we can prove what ashish shelar said is 100 per cent true.
when (anil) parab was a part of seat-sharing negotiations, he kept on saying he does not have the powers to take the final decision.
now, if a debate happens, who decides if what we said is true?
thus, we want the person, who can take decisions in sena (apparently referring to thackeray) to be a part of the open debate so that we can prove our claims, bhandari said.
meanwhile, parab, while speaking to reporters here, alleged that chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, has given orders to all police stations to support bjp candidates.
responding to the charge, bhandari said sena should not involve police department in its dirty politics.
he (parab) may carry on with his mudslinging but the party should at least respect the sanctity of the police force and not include them in their dirty politics, the bjp leader said.
b'chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday appointed sampada mehta, a 2008-batch ias officer, as the new mumbai (island city) collector.
mehta was previously serving as project director of the pune-based maharashtra agricultural competitiveness project.
the collectors post had fallen vacant after ashwini joshi was transferred as excise commissioner on april 22.
on thursday, fadnavis also transferred kalyan dombivli civic chief e raveendran (2007 batch).
he will now take over as the new skill development commissioner of maharashtra.
omprakash bakoria (2006), managing director, maharashtra state seeds corporation (mssc), has been newly posted as joint managing director of the aurangabad division of maharashtra state electricity distribution company limited.
omprakash deshmukh (2004) will succeed bakoria at mssc.
d gangatharan (2013) has replaced deshmukh as the chief executive officer of dhule zilla parishad.
on sunday, the sit arrested arvind krushnarao takalkar (43), who is currently posted as a desk officer at the vasantrao naik marathwada agriculture university in parbhani.
(representational image) on sunday, the sit arrested arvind krushnarao takalkar (43), who is currently posted as a desk officer at the vasantrao naik marathwada agriculture university in parbhani.
(representational image)expanding its probe into the state-wide racket of dummy candidates appearing for government recruitment exams, the special investigation team (sit) of the criminal investigation department has arrested a government officer.
the officer allegedly appeared as a dummy candidate in at least 10 government recruitment exams.
last week, in a major breakthrough, the sit had arrested the alleged kingpin, pramod rathod (36), a suspended government employee from mandvi village in nanded district.
on sunday, the sit arrested arvind krushnarao takalkar (43), a native of jalna district who is currently posted as a desk officer at the vasantrao naik marathwada agriculture university in parbhani.
a desk officer is a class ii post in the maharashtra government.
these officers mainly handle the day-to-day administrative work of the offices they are posted in.
superintendent of police shankar kengar, who is heading the sit, told pune newsline, as per our primary information, takalkar has appeared for at least 10 persons as a dummy candidate in recruitment examinations some of the candidates he appeared for were selected for the jobs and they are serving as officers.
we will investigate their current status.
in april, the state government had formed the sit after direct intervention by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the sit was given the mandate to probe almost 50 cases registered across maharashtra, including 10 in pune.
as per the primary estimates, over 400 dummy candidates have appeared in government recruitment exams in the last two years.
several recruitments  in departments such as police, social welfare, government secretariat, agriculture and women and child development  are now under the sits scanner.
on takals alleged role in the racket, a police officer said, this raises some questions.
it is hard to believe that no one had any doubts about him we know that rathod and takalkar met when they were preparing for government recruitment exams in the past.
on monday, we conducted searches at the properties of rathod and takalkar, added the officer.
takalkar was produced before the court, along with rathod, and the duo have been remanded in police custody till june 3.
riding a modi wave, the bjp and shiv sena alliance swept the 2019 lok sabha elections in maharashtra on thursday, winning 41 of the states 48 seats.
advertisingin a near replay of the 2014 lok sabha elections, the congress-ncp alliance was completely routed.
while the congress was leading in just one seat chandrapur (vidarbha), its ally ncp won four seats  satara, shirur, baramati in western maharashtra and raigad in konkan region.
the aimim, under the banner of vanchit bahujan aghadi (vba), won from aurangabad in marathwada.
in amravati, an independent candidate (backed by ncp) was leading.
for its part, the bjp won 23 of the 25 seats it contested.
the shiv sena, which contested 23 seats, bagged 18, despite facing severe anti-incumbency in 10 of the seats.
despite its relentless criticism of prime minister narendra modi before sealing an alliance with the bjp, the sena entirely banked on moditva to see its candidates through.
on thursday, sena president uddhav thackeray lavished gratitude on the narendra modi-amit shah-devendra fadnavis combine.
advertisingthe bjp-shiv sena retained its majority in vidarbha, marathwada, north maharashtra and konkan while making deeper inroads in western maharashtra, further loosening the congress-ncps hold.
the four-phased election in maharashtra took place in the shadow of severe drought, with the state government declaring 151 of the 355 drought affected.
yet, the agrarian crisis, coupled with unrest in the farming community, did not translate into anger against the bjp-sena combine.
chief minister devendrafadnavis described the electoral outcome as the peoples unwavering faith in modis leadership.
there was a strong silent wave in favour of modi.
it turned into tsunami.
the election results show people transcended caste, community, class and religion to exercise their franchise in favour of modi for the developmental plank, specially oriented towards upliftment of poor, farmers and middle class.
ncp president sharad pawar, who had initiated the process of mahagatbhandhan, was candid in expressing huge disappointment.
pawar, who was set to go delhi, called off the visit.
speaking to mediapersons, he said, our estimate was we would win 11 seats.
state congress chief ashok chavan, who had survived the 2014 modi wave, failed to hold his home turf nanded, inviting brick bats from the organisation for failed leadership.
former opposition leader and senior congressman radhakrishna vikhe-patil fired the first salvo, blaming the state congress leadership for the performance.
vikhe-patil was categorical in stating he is set to bid farewell to congress and join bjp ahead of the assembly elections later this year.
his son sujay, who had joined bjp ahead of the polls, won from ahmednagar.
wrong political strategy, coupled with vested interests, marred congress-ncps electoral prospects, giving a huge advantage to bjp-sena, said vikhe-patil.
a political manager in the congress-ncp said, the congress-ncps failure to adopt flexibility, coupled with pawars flip flop in madha, where he declared to contest and then withdrew, was a wrong move.
secondly, the defection of established congress-ncp political families to the bjp also weakened the moral of the cadre.
bharipa bahujan mahasangh president parkash ambedkars decision to forge an alliance with aimim under the banner of vba proved fatal for the congress-ncp.
though ambedkar himself failed to win either of his seats, his outfit cut into dalit and muslim voters, who would have otherwise voted for congress and ncp.
also, while mns president raj thackerays public rallies against modi drew huge crowd, it failed in delivering electoral results in favour of congress-ncp.
former director general of police suryakant jog passed away on friday.
jog who joined the ips in 1953, after retirement in 1987, started a residential school in chikhaldara in vidarbha.
later, he started work on rainwater harvesting using simple village techniques.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , in his condolence message, said, i am saddened by the demise of former maharashtra dgp suryakantji jog, not only known for good policing but also for his work on water conservation.
after retirement, he spent all his energy and time in devising and implementing ingenious ways of storing rainwater to address the water crisis.
senior congress leader digvijaya singh.
(file photo) senior congress leader digvijaya singh.
(file photo)congress general secretary digvijay singh today said maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had stopped thinking of the prime minister narendra modi as a marketable face after the demonetisation.
addressing a press conference here, singh said in mumbai, bjp campaign posters were 80 percent chief minister devendrafadnavis and 20 percent prime minister narendra modi.
fadnavis thinks modi is not a marketable face after the demonetisation, he quipped.
the feud between shiv sena and bjp in the run-up to the civic polls was not about ideology but about sharing of the loot of 20 years of rule in the mumbai civic body, he said.
fadnavis recently called shiv sena a party of extortionists, he said, adding, what stops fadnavis from taking action against the extortionists and filing an fir?
singh also wondered why the sena chief uddhav thackeray had not withdrawn support to the bjp-led government yet.
he claimed that bjp was not doing well in any of the five states where assembly elections are being held.
watch what else is making newsdemonetisation has affected trade and industry and about 15 to 20 lakh people have been rendered jobless, he claimed.
more currency than was in circulation was deposited in the bank, he alleged.
fake currency was deposited back and it is now legal tender, he said.
the prime minister was claiming the credit for schemes or initiatives of upa, such as aadhar, gst, mnrega, etc.
, which he (modi) had opposed while in opposition, singh alleged.
he also said that asaduddin owaisi-led mim was being used to communalise the muslim vote for bjps benefit.
two mim mlas had abstained during the trust vote in maharashtra assembly in 2014 to help the fadnavis government, singh alleged.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
pti photo maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
pti photomaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said a probe would be ordered into the allegations that rural development department had issued work orders worth rs 255 crore without following proper tendering process during 2016-17.
pankaja munde heads the rural development ministry.
when the chief minister was asked about it during the interactive session in suburban mumbai, fadnavis admitted that it was an irregularity.
he was however, quick to add that the minister has no role to play in preparing the estimate of a work order and would ask her to probe who tried to frustrate the government order regarding e-tendering.
as per the government decision any expenditure over rs 3 lakh should be done through e-tendering.
there are allegations that the department in order to avoid e-tendering divided the work orders into parts so that the work order is less than rs 3 lakh.
uddhav thackeray uddhav thackerayshiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on wednesday said maharashtras condition was worse than bihar.
the shiv sena has always demanded a separate independent minister for the home portfolio.
the situation of maharshtra is worse than bihar, thackeray said.
the remark comes in the backdrop of the recent attack against partys local leaders, sanjay kotkar and vasant anand thube, who were killed in khedgaon taluka of ahmednagar.
although sena did not name chief minister devendrafadnavis , thackerays comments were directed to him, as he holds the home ministry portfolio.
responding to senas home minister demand, earlier this month, fadnavis had said: in the past, even the ncp home minister r r patil has once said in the assembly that the portfolio of the home minister should be held by the chief minister.
the senas continued criticism against fadnavis and his government has not gone down well with the ruling bjp.
a senior bjp leader said: we have an able chief minister in devendrafadnavis who will give befitting reply at an appropriate time.
moreover, fadnavis work speaks.
the biggest anti-naxal operation has been conducted under his leadership.
a bjp general secretary said: thackeray should explain to people two things.
if maharashtra is worse than bihar, why are they continuining in the government?
why is sena part of the coalition government in the centre and state?
the parivartan in baramati is evident.
today after seeing the people participating in mahajanadesh yatra, some people are surely going to have sleepless nights, fadnavis said.
advertisingthe ncp mp from satara, udayanraje bhosale, joined the bjp today.
which means even the descendent of great warrior king chhatrapati shivaji maharaj is now with the bjp, he added.
he questioned the ncp for being non-committal in parliament on the scrapping of article 370.
the rally witnessed some tense moments when workers of the bjp and ncp raised slogans against each other when fadnavis was addressing the meeting as part of his mahajanadesh yatra.
the yatra, a statewide roadshow by the cm to highlight the achievements of his government before the state goes to polls, entered pune district on saturday.
advertisingpointing out the exodus of senior leaders from the ncp, fadnavis said, the current condition of the ncp is due to the wrongdoing of the party leadership.
this statement irked ncp supporters, who were also watching the road show, and they raised slogans in support of their party and its leadership.
bjp workers retaliated by raising counter-slogans, and the area was tense for a few moments.
the situation returned to normal after the mahajanadesh yatra left baramati.
representational photo representational photoprivate detective satish mangle and his wife have been arrested by the thane police for allegedly blackmailing senior ias officer radheshyam mopalwar and demanding rs 10 core to drop corruption complaints against him.
the arrests were made on thursday.
mangle had been engaged by mopalwars estranged wife to gather evidence to support her divorce case.
the police said that in the process, he recorded conversations between mopalwar and other individuals in which illegal financial dealings were allegedly discussed.
on october 23, mangle, his wife shraddha and friend anil vedmehta allegedly got in touch with kling mishra, a friend of mopalwar.
thane police commissioner parambir singh said the trio met mishra at kharegoan toll plaza on nashik highway and offered to hand over the audio tapes and withdraw their cases of corruption if mopalwar paid them rs 10 crore.
singh said the accused repeated their offer at a later meeting in bhiwandi.
the couple met mopalwar at the jw marriott hotel in mumbai on october 31 and agreed to accept rs 7 crore, said singh.
according to the police, the accused also threatened to have mopalwar and his daughter killed if he failed to pay up.
after mopalwar complained to the police, the anti extortion cell of the thane police crime branch allegedly caught mangle and his wife shradhha accepting rs 1 crore at their home in dombivali on thursday.
the police said several laptops, cellphones, pen drives and cds were seized from their home.
the police said satish mangle, who has studied till class x and had left a diploma course in computer engineering halfway, has been working as a private detective for the past 10 years and has cases of extortion and rape registered against him in bandra and mira road.
mopalwar has been on leave since august, when chief minister devendrafadnavis removed him from his post as the vice-chairman and managing director of the maharashtra state road development corporation (msrdc).
he was removed after cds containing recordings of phone calls of mopalwar allegedly demanding bribes were released in the public domain.
the maharashtra government had appointed a three-member committee, headed by former chief secretary johnny joseph, to probe the veracity of the clips.
the committee is yet to submit its findings.
within hours of the police announcing the arrest of mangle, a statement was released by employees of a public relations firm, perfect relations, which is handling communications for the samruddhi corridor being built by the msrdc.
the statement referred to mangles arrest and said he had made allegations against mopalwar only to extort money and he had been defaming the former msrdc head for the past 14 months.
to extort money, mangle had also leveled serious personal allegations against mopalwar who was given the responsibility of the proposed maharashtra samruddhi mahamarg, read the statement.
the employees claimed that the statement was sent in a personal capacity and not as an official release for the government agency.
we have sent it from our personal mail addresses as it is not an official release and it is only out of goodwill in our professional capacity, we only do public relations for the samruddhi corridor, said one of the employees of the pr firm.
mopalwar said the agency employees, being his friends, were helping him out.
i have seen the press release and they are helping me in a personal capacity.
they are my friends and they are doing what they can to help me, mopalwar said.
the msrdc, meanwhile, has denied that it had anything to do with the statement.
we are not concerned with the activities of perfect relations.
we have signed a contract with indian magic eye for the media handling and they have taken the pr firm on board, kiran kurundkar, the joint managing director, msrdc, said.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis criticised the judiciary on the floor of the state legislative assembly on thursday.
citing several judgments, fadnavis said it was important for the three organs of state  the legislature, executive and the judiciary  not to step on each others domain to maintain the separation of powers.
advertisingquoting one judgment, fadnavis, a law graduate, said, no one should be condemned without first being heard.
in march this year, a bombay high court division bench comprising justices sc dharmadhikari and bp colabawalla had criticised the chief minister over alleged delays in investigations in the killings of dabholkar and pansare.
asking questions over the efficiency of the cm, justice dharm-adhikari, during a hearing of a case in this regard, had reportedly observed, what is the cm doing?
he holds 11 portfolios, including home, but does not find the time to take stock of the case.
his deputies do not have the time to remove obstacles in the probe?
it had further reportedly noted that the chief minister belonged to the state and not just any party.
it is a sovereign function and cannot be outsourced, it had observed.
advertisingreferring to these observations during proceedings in the assembly, fadnavis said, there is nothing pending with the cm in these cases.
further, the sc itself had ruled that there should be no interference (of the political executive) in matters of investigation.
pointing out that the chief ministers office was neither an accused, respondent or a party in the case, he said, the remarks (made by the judges) were not a part of the written judgment.
fadnavis went on to cite a court ruling that said oral remarks did not amount to judicial orders.
they do not even amount to judicial opinion.
contending that a persons right to reputation was his fundamental right, fadnavis said, no one should be condemned without being heard.
the court had reportedly said, it is shameful and we should not be saying this but, if that unfortunate incident in karnataka (killing of activist-journalist gauri lankesh) had not happened and you (authorities in maharashtra) had not coordinated with karnataka police, you would have remained clueless.
fadnavis was replying to a discussion on the governors speech.
the opposition had earlier questioned the alleged delay in the investigations in the killings.
while informing the house about the progress in the case, fadnavis said, i want to use this platform to raise a broader issue.
he said, through this discussion, i wish to state an expectation that all the three organs of democracy respect each others powers.
even we (the legislature) hold judicial orders in the highest regard.
celebrations at bjps office in pune.
(source: express photo by partha biswas) celebrations at bjps office in pune.
(source: express photo by partha biswas)a jubilant bjp on thursday projected its impressive show in maharashtras local body polls, including brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), a precursor to its wins in the ongoing assembly elections, including in uttar pradesh.
bjp president amit shah congratulated maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and state unit chief raosaheb patil danve for the unprecedented success.
watch video | a quick look at final tally of bmc election & pmc election results 2017union minister prakash javadekar told a press conference that the partys performance in maharashtra as well as odisha local body polls and the losses of the congress showed that the poor has now deserted its rival and is supporting policies of prime minister narendra modi.
the pro-poor plank used to be with the congress but is now with us.
its a big win.
the results have showed that all sections of society are voting for the bjp.
the results of uttar pradesh, manipur, goa and uttarakhand state polls will be on the similar lines.
the results in punjab will also be surprising, he said.
the congress had nothing but crocodile tears for the poor while the bjp government is working for them, he said.
we continue to move towards congress-mukt bharat (congress-free india), he said.
watch | nitin gadkari congratulates maharashtra cm, kirit somaiya says mumbai chose developmentin maharashtra, where local body poll results were declared on thursday, the saffron party has gained a majority or emerged as the largest outfit in eight out of 10 municipal bodies, he said, adding that it has trebled its tally in the bmc where it fell short of the shiv sena, the largest party, by a few seats.
taking a dig at its bickering ally shiv sena, he said the results are a lesson to those who said bjps strength is not enough for winning even 40 seats.
its a defeat for the critics of demonetisation and an evidence of peoples endorsement for the governments policies, he said while crediting fadnavis and danve for the win.
another union minister piyush goyal, who like javadekar is also from maharashtra, said bjps win is the harbinger of its victory in the assembly elections.
prime minister narendra modi and maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , ably supported by mumbai president ashish shelar, have demonstrated that the bjp is the true representative of good governance, transparency and development, he told pti.
this was reflective in the massive victory in mumbai where bjps tally has risen from 31 to 81 seats and other cities, he said.
the people are with modi and the results of odisha followed by maharashtra are a harbinger of an expected huge victory in uttar pradesh, where bjp will secure two-thirds majority, goyal said.
bjp for the first time will rule local bodies in pune, pimpri chinchwad and nasik among others, javadekar said.
as the deadlock over the pre-poll ties continues, the bjp has sought 114 seats to contest for the mumbai civic body polls in alliance with the shiv sena, party mp anil desai said, after the second round of talks between the two parties held on wednesday.
the bjp has put forward a demand of 114 seats for the bmc polls.
we then asked them to give us the exact details of seats that they want to contest.
it was then decided between both parties that the bjp will share the list by tonight, desai told reporters.
watch what else is in the newsonce we receive the list, we will hold internal talks which might take a day.
once that is done, we will once again sit with the bjp, he said.
the senas softened stand on the bjp comes a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis spoke to the party chief uddhav thackeray and sought continuation of negotiations on alliance.
sena sources, citing internal polls, had earlier said that it was in the best interest of both parties to contest the bmc elections separately and, both being natural allies, there was likelihood of a post-poll alliance.
despite keeping the dialogue with the bjp on for the civic poll tie-up , the sena has been unrelenting in its attack against the centres monetisation move through party mouthpiece saamana.
b'railway minister suresh prabhu (pti photo) railway minister suresh prabhu (pti photo)union minister suresh prabhu saturday said his ministry is focusing on upgrading facilities for passengers and is set to launch new initiatives that will overhaul the ailing indian railways.
prabhu was speaking at the inauguration of five new infrastructure facilities at suburban kanjurmarg railway station  a six-meter wide foot over bridge (fob) with escalator, 8-meter wide home platform with shelter for 12 coach trains, 2.
5-meter wide pathway with fencing, booking office of five windows on east side.
the minister inaugurated these facilities through remote control system from dadar.
terming these measures as the beginning of new reforms, prabhu said, we will see a number of new initiatives that are set to overhaul of the ailing indian railways.
in the past 30 to 40 years, the railways did not attract the investment as it should have considering the rise in the countrys population.
the railway ministry is pushing hard to raise the comfort level of the passengers and in last two budgets, it received so much funds, which it had failed to get in the past, prabhu said.
the launch of the passenger amenities at the kanjurmarg station was the part of trespassing control project (to curb death on tracks), in which six suburban stations have been shortlisted for the upgradation of the infrastructure facilities.
watch indian express videos hereother five stations are dadar, kurla, thane, thakurli and kalyan.
prabhu also said he had detailed discussion with chief minister devendrafadnavis and with the co-ordination of the state government, his ministry was moving ahead with the integrated transportation system.
b'the maharashtra cms reaction came a day after the bjp won tripura and is believed to be in reckoning to form governments with alliance partners in nagaland and meghalaya.
(file) the maharashtra cms reaction came a day after the bjp won tripura and is believed to be in reckoning to form governments with alliance partners in nagaland and meghalaya.
(file)hailing the bjps performance in recently-held elections in three north-eastern states, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said the party will register victory in poll-bound karnataka as well.
he said the bjp secured nearly half of the total vote share in tripura, nagaland, and meghalaya, which shows that voters are increasingly in favour of the saffron party.
the bjp has not only won the elections but secured 49 to 50 per cent votes in (the three) north-east states.
it shows the mandate is inclined towards the bjp.
the poll outcome is also a boost for forthcoming assembly election in karnataka, the chief minister told reporters here, a day after the bjp won tripura and is believed to be in reckoning to form governments with alliance partners in nagaland and meghalaya.
analysing the poll outcome, fadnavis said the bjp did not win the elections because of some vote division, but due to the peoples trust in prime minister narendra modi and party president amit shah.
fadnavis said the bjp is now in power in 21 states covering 78 per cent of geographical area of the country, and will repeat its historical win in the 2019 general elections as well.
during his interaction with reporters, fadnavis quoted a social media message to taunt the congress.
there is a social media message, which i also liked.
it says the congress wants bypolls to be held only in those areas where it has improved its performance, he said in an apparent reference to the congress retaining two of its seats in the bypolls held in madhya pradesh recently.
i wanted to thank the voters of tripura for one more reason.
in the last six months, as many as 27 workers of the bjp were killed in violence when the previous government was in power.
despite so much opposition, the bjp clinched the victory which is a commendable job, said fadnavis.
opposition parties in maharashtra suffered another blow tuesday, with three ncp mlas and a congress mla handing their resignations to assembly speaker haribhau bagde.
advertisingncp mlas vaibhav pichad, sandip naik, shivendra raje and congress mla kalidas kolambkar are set to be formally inducted into the bjp tomorrow.
last week, ncps mumbai unit chief sachin ahir had quit the party and joined the shiv sena.
the partys women wing president, chitra wagh, had also left and she is likely to join the bjp.
the string of desertions forced opposition leaders into a huddle on monday.
opposition leaders like ncps maharashtra president jayant patil, mns chief raj thackeray and farmer leader raju shetti held deliberations in mumbai.
advertisingexplained | why sharad pawars ncp is falling apart in maharashtra ahead of pollsin the weekend, senior bjp leader and maharashtra water resources minister girish mahajan claimed that at least 50 congress and ncp mlas were in touch with the bjp to switch over ahead of the assembly elections.
some 50 mlas of congress and ncp are in touch with the bjp.
senior ncp leader chitra wagh had expressed her desire to join bjp a month back, claiming she had no future left in her parent party.
the mlas are requesting that they wanted to join the bjp ahead of the assembly electionsthe congress is in the shambles and in the next couple of weeks, the ncp will look weaker, mahajan said.
the same day, ncp chief and former union minister sharad pawar accused the bjp government of misusing investigating agencies to coerce leaders from opposition parties to join the saffron party.
misuse of power is rife in the entire country by the bjp government.
we have recently seen what happened in karnataka.
they are also trying to do the same in madhya pradesh.
in poll-bound states like maharashtra, they are trying to coerce leaders from opposition parties to join them by using state agencies.
i havent seen such blatant use of state machinery by any government.
the misuse is of extreme level, pawar said at a press conference in pune.
reacting to pawars allegations, chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday called it baseless.
it is high time pawar does some introspection to find why the exodus is taking place from his organisation.
why the ncp has failed to keep its own house in order and inculcate confidence in its leaders and workers?
fadnavis told reporters in mumbai.
the chief minister said the bjp was on a strong footing and did not need to indulge in any poaching of outsiders.
b'highly-placed sources said, at the meeting, the chief minister has also appealed to the rally organisers to ensure the students who are giving the exams are not put to any inconvenience.
since students have to appear for board exams, he made an appeal to the protesters to cooperate and also reviewed the security preparations.
highly-placed sources said, at the meeting, the chief minister has also appealed to the rally organisers to ensure the students who are giving the exams are not put to any inconvenience.
since students have to appear for board exams, he made an appeal to the protesters to cooperate and also reviewed the security preparations.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday conveyed that the government is positive to all the demands made by the akhil bharatiya kisan sabha, which has organised the long farmers march.
he also constituted a committee to discuss all the demands made the abks, which is backed by the left, and resolve the issues logically.
the committee will comprise six ministers  revenue minister chandrakant patil, water resources minister girish mahajan, agriculture minister pandurang phundkar, tribal welfare minister vishnu sawra, cooperation minister subash deshmukh and public works department (public undertaking) minister eknath shinde.
of the six ministers, five belong to the bjp and one is from the shiv sena.
adequate measures have been taken to ensure the students appearing for class x and xii board exams are not inconvenienced due to protest rally leading to traffic problems.
highly-placed sources said, at the meeting, the chief minister has also appealed to the rally organisers to ensure the students who are giving the exams are not put to any inconvenience.
since students have to appear for board exams, he made an appeal to the protesters to cooperate and also reviewed the security preparations.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday ordered an inquiry into irregularities in the slum rehabilitation scheme (srs) following a complaint received on the lokshahi din.
ravi yadav, a resident of sakinaka (mumbai), complained to the chief minister that the house in which he lived and his sisters house in gulati compound in sakinaka were demolished illegally by the bmc officials who were allegedly in a nexus with developers.
the complainant said, the process of demolition was illegal and against their wishes.
almost 23 complaints from people online across the state were given audience and officials were directed to take action within three days.
the chief minister warned the administration to take suo motu action where they find irregularities to provide immediate relief to the common citizens.
the administration should be swift in decision-making and not wait for people to lodge their complaint at lokshahi din, he said.
chandrabhaga dashrath sontakke of malshiras in solapur district complained that despite court orders she was not given land rights.
the chief minister directed the officials to hand over the land rights to her within three days.
almost 23 cases related to diverse subjects were given audience by cm, with clear instructions to resolve them within three days.
the complaints were received from raigad, sangli, jalgaon, yavatmal, parbhani, sindhudurg, chandrapur, solapur, ahmednagar, thane, aurangabad and mumbai districts of maharashtra.
b'national conference working president omar abdullah national conference working president omar abdullaha day before mehbooba mufti takes oath as jammu & kashmir chief minister, omar abdullah on sunday took a jab at the pdp-bjp alliance after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis reignited the nationalism debate.
fadnavis had said at a function in nagpur: it makes me wonder where are we heading?
why should i feel ashamed of saying bharat mata ki jai in my own country there is still a dispute over saying bharat mata ki jai and those opposed to say it, should not have any right to stay in india.
those living here should say bharat mata ki jai.
abdullah, the national conference president and former jammu and kashmir chief minister, tweeted i look forward to seeing all the members of the pdp-bjp alliance say this as soon as they take their oath tomorrow.
the pdp-bjp alliance was formed after an almost two-month deadlock following cm mufti mohammad sayeeds death.
i look forward to seeing all the members of the pdp-bjp alliance say this as soon as they take their oath tomorrow.
http://t.
co/r6rwyhzuww  omar abdullah (@abdullah_omar) april 3, 2016the difference in party ideologies has been the most uncanny feature of this alliance.
shiv sena too had earlier questioned if pdp chief mehbooba mufti will say bharat mata ki jai to honour the kashmiri pandits.
hardik patel and uddhav thackeray at matoshree in mumbai on tuesday.
(express photo by prashant nadkar) hardik patel and uddhav thackeray at matoshree in mumbai on tuesday.
(express photo by prashant nadkar)sending a strong signal to the bjp as ties between the two allies worsen, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray tuesday said that hardik patel, leader of the patidar quota agitation in gujarat and a vocal critic of the prime minister, will be the senas leading face when it contests elections to the gujarat assembly.
patel, on his part, refrained from campaigning for the sena but he did say that he was with the party since they shared the same principles.
he told reporters his government will complete its term and there is no danger to it.
modiji door ki baat hain.
pehle devendrafadnavis se to nipto (modi is a far cry.
let them first deal with devendra fadnavis), he said.
earlier, uddhav thackeray, speaking to reporters after meeting patel, said: after a long time, we will be contesting elections outside maharashtra.
if the people of gujarat want, we will contest elections in gujarat as well.
and hardik patel will be one of our leading faces in this fight.
he said the sena had to reconsider its relationship with bjp after the two parties decided to go separate ways in elections to the brihanmumbai municipal corporation.
we were with them during the lok sabha elections and they called off the alliance.
now we have decided to call off the alliance if your heart is not into a relationship, then there is no point in continuing, thackeray said.
patel said he had come to meet uddhav thackeray because of the respect he had for balasaheb thackeray.
i want to stand with people who stand true to their principles.
i associate myself with people on the basis of their conviction, not for political issues, he said.
he claimed he was too young to support anyone.
i am only 23 years old.
moreover, they do not need my support they themselves are supporting people.
he said he was firmly opposed to the bjp.
we are fighting against the bjp because the party has killed 16 of our people.
we are fighting against those who are trying to finish us, he said.
we are fighting for a political change where a system is created to benefit people.
we will stand with like-minded people wherever they need us, he said.
fadnavis said that the only sector that had seen a negative growth and was pulling the overall economy of the state backward was the agrarian sector.
fadnavis said that the only sector that had seen a negative growth and was pulling the overall economy of the state backward was the agrarian sector.
today our (maharashtras) gdp is around 400 billion.
our average growth rate has been around 8-9 per cent.
if we grow at this rate, we can become a trillion-dollar economy by 2028.
but we have decided to be a part of prime minister narendra modis dream of making india a five-trillion economy by 2025.
we have decided that by 2025 maharashtra will be a trillion-dollar economy  the only subnational economy in india to be in trillion-dollar club, said fadnavis, during a panel discussion on states as new engines of growth.
he said that the goal could be achieved with an increased focus on the services sector, high productivity in agriculture sector and by bringing down the stress of employment on the agriculture sector.
we want to shift them from the agriculture sector into the other sectors of the economy, he said.
fadnavis claimed that the state had redeemed its position as the number one choice for foreign investors with good governance and better policies.
if we compare the foreign direct investment (fdi) coming into maharashtra in 2014 and 2017, it has increased three-fold, said fadnavis.
he cited a report by deutsche bank that said that 50 per cent of all the infrastructure projects taken up in the country worth over 20 million dollars in investment were in maharashtra.
global investors faith in maharashtra is rejuvenated and last year the entire fdi that came to india 47 per cent came to maharashtra alone, he said.
he said that the only sector that had seen a negative growth and was pulling the overall economy of the state backward was the agrarian sector.
he said that despite facing acute drought in 40 per cent of the state, the crop yield was high, owing to the sustainability measures put in place by the government.
in the three years, since the state started a decentralised water conservation scheme  jalyukta shivar, 11,000 villages have become water self-sufficient and drought-proof and 6,000 more villages were in the pipeline, claimed fadnavis.
the entire water level in the state has gone up by around 5 metres and even in water-stressed areas like marathwada, which has been facing drought for three consecutive years, the water level has gone up by 3 meters.
this has been possible because we invested more in water conservation and that has yielded us more crop, he said.
taking a dig at the previous congress-ncp government, fadnavis said that the state had earlier lacked good governance and therefore the growth rate had been poorer than other states.
(file photo) (file photo)the congress today lodged a formal complaint with the state election commission seeking registration of offence for the violation of the poll code against the bjp, an organisation, and bollywood actor aamir khan over publication of an advertisement in some newspapers on the day of bmc polls yesterday.
state unit spokesman sachin sawant met state election commissioner j s saharia and lodged the complaint, a day after saharia said they will look into the matter only after receipt of the plaint.
the advertisement, featuring khan, appeals to mumbaikars to vote for transparency and good governance.
watch what else is making newsdespite the ec guidelines banning ads in the print and electronic media after the campaign ends 48 hours before voting, the organisation mumbai first issued the advertisement in prominent newspapers on the voting day yesterday to help the bjp, sawant said.
notably, the sec has banned political parties and candidates from issuing advertisements in print and electronic media after end of the campaign.
the advertisement, which has appeared in english, marathi and hindi dailies, prominently uses words like transparency, change, pardarshita and parivartan.
these words were used by a party during poll campaign.
transparency was the ruling bjps main poll plank.
sawant claimed chief minister devendrafadnavis headed one of the committees of the organisation.
this is a clear violation of the model code of conduct.
finding loopholes in law and side-stepping rules and regulations is a criminal mindset.
a criminal offence should be filed against the bjp, mumbai first and aamir khan since his photograph is used in all the ads, sawant said.
ncp leader ganesh naik and congress leader harshvardhan patil on wednesday joined the bjp in the presence of maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
advertisingnaik, a heavyweight in navi mumbai politics, joined the bjp along with his supporters and family members.
i have always worked for the people and not for my personal gains.
i realised that many of my projects would become a reality only if there was a better leadership.
i believe the chief minister and i can make navi mumbai shine even better than it does, naik said.
minutes after patil joined the party, fadnavis said the bjp had been trying to rope him in for the last five years.
we will field him from indapur seat, the chief minister said at the function in mumbai.
advertisingon wednesday, patil said that he took the decision to join the bjp as even congress president sonia gandhi failed to find a solution to his issues.
after my rally in indapur, sonia gandhi had called me up.
she said she knew my problem she said let me try but nothing happened, he added.
patil said he had met ncp chief sharad pawar immediately after the lok sabha elections.
he said he will do something then i met congress leaders venugopal, prithviraj chavan, ashok chavan, balasaheb vikhe-patil, but they all sounded helpless.
after the meeting in indapur, patil became incommunicado to congress and ncp leaders.
he was directly in touch with the chief minister, whom he invited for launching his book.
he had made up his mind to join the bjp, said an aide.
ncp leader ajit pawar said all attempts to reach out to patil had failed.
i had told patil i will honour whatever decision senior leaders of both parties take.
after patil held a rally earlier this month, i called him up several times, but his phone was switched off.
even prithviraj chavan urged him not to quit and told him that some solution could be worked out.
but it seems patil had already made up his mind to quit he is unnecessarily blaming ncp, he said.
i had personally gone to patils residence in pune, but he was not available.
i must have made 50 calls to him there are political differences but patil should not spread falsehoods, added pawar.
sule said they had received no proposal about the indapur seat from the congress.
i dont understand why he quit congress.
he had problems with the ncp, but why is he quitting congress?
this is like having a fight with the brother-in-law but parting ways with the husband, she said.
patil is a four-time mla from indapur.
he was elected thrice as an independent mla and once on a congress ticket.
in the 2014 assembly elections, when the congress and ncp fought separately, ncp candidate dattatray bharne had defeated him.
meanwhile, former mumbai party chief kripashankar singh, who quit the congress on tuesday, is yet to officially join the bjp.
chief minister devendra fadnavis.
chief minister devendra fadnavis.
politics over the dahi handi festival continues even after the revelry.
on saturday, two days after the festival, bjps mumbai city chief ashish shelar wrote to chief minister devendrafadnavis demanding that cases of culpable homicide slapped on some of the organisers and dahi handi mandals for flouting norms be withdrawn.
shelar requested that a humanitarian approach be adopted in these cases and the stringent charges be withdrawn.
the bjp chief also visited some injured govindas at the king edward memorial civic hospital in parel, where he took a veiled dig at maharashtra navnirman sena chief raj thackeray and his party, suggesting that the encouragement for mandals and organisers had come from them.
while paying a visit to a 14-year-old, who was part of a human pyramid and had sustained serious injuries after falling from a height, shelar said that those who encouraged govindas to break norms have not even cared to visit the ones injured.
the court had earlier barred youths below 18 years from participating in the pyramid.
the mns, meanwhile, has announced that raj thackeray will visit thane on sunday to meet some injured govindas and mandal organisers who face police action.
another political organisation, the swaraj abhiyaan, meanwhile, has demanded action against senior police officials in mumbai and thane for allowing mandals and organisers to violate the sc order of restricting pyramids at 20 feet.
a day after the maharashtra government put the ambitious hyperloop project between mumbai and pune on the fast track, virgin hyperloop one wednesday said the nod to form a consortium of dp world and hyperloop technologies for its maiden project is the first of the many key steps towards bringing the latest transportation technology to the masses.
advertisinghyperloop is an ultramodern, superfast transport project to link mumbai and pune, which are located around 200km apart, in around 25 minutes from the present 3 hours.
having already given a go-ahead to use the swiss challenge method to hold the bidding for the rs 70,000-crore project, the government on tuesday named a consortium of dp world fze and hyperloop technologies inc as its original project proponent.
global firms will now be invited to challenge them under the bidding method.
the race is on to host the first hyperloop transportation system in the world, and todays announcement puts india firmly in the lead.
this is a significant milestone and the first of many important steps toward bringing hyperloop to the masses, jay walder, chief executive officer, virgin hyperloop one said.
we look forward to participating in the public procurement process and bringing this revolutionary new transport technology to the world, he added.
advertisingmaharashtra will create the first hyperloop transportation system in the world and a global hyperloop supply chain starting from pune.
we have just named dp world-virgin hyperloop one consortium as the original project proponent for the mumbai-pune hyperloop project and preparing to start the public procurement process, the release quoted chief minister devendrafadnavis as saying.
virgin hyperloop ones system can meet this growing demand by supporting as many as 200 million passengers annually, linking central pune and mumbai in under 35 minutes, the release stated.
support for hyperloop transportation systems is mounting across the world and india has led the charge to bring hyperloop to fruition since the early stages of development, said sultan ahmed bin sulayem, group chairman and chief executive of dp world and chairman virgin hyperloop one.
while the entire project involves construction across a length of 117.
5 km, sources said that chief minister devendrafadnavis is keen to perform a bhoomipujan for a 11.
8-km test track, being developed in the first phase, before the model code of conduct for the assembly polls kicks in.
the pune metropolitan region development authority will oversee the implementation of the first phase, which is expected to take about two to three years to complete.
b'maharashtra, indias most industrialised state, might have adopted a resolution ratifying the amendments to the constitution for enabling the goods and services tax regime, but the bjp-ruled state continues to be in a bind over the rate of tax for the new tax regime.
while an expert panel under the centres chief economic advisor arvind subramanian has recommended a revenue-neutral rate of 15-15.
5 per cent and most states are pushing for capping the rate at 18 per cent on goods and services, chief minister devendrafadnavis dropped indications that maharashtra might just press for a higher rate of tax.
we will demand a rate at which there will be no revenue loss to the state in the gst regime, said fadnavis, replying to a discussion on the bill in the legislative council.
under the current indirect taxation regime in maharashtra, goods are taxed at an average 13 per cent.
if the rate of tax under gst was finalised at 18 per cent, the states share will average 9 per cent of collections.
based on this assumption, it means maharashtra cannot meet revenue neutrality at 18 per cent.
in absolute numbers, a preliminary estimate of the shortfall has been pegged at rs 20,000 crore annually.
but the states finance managers also feel that a higher tax rate could increase inflationary pressure and also make it difficult for the government to sell the new regime to the masses.
we are working on it.
the finance minister has sought the advice of economic and financial experts, fadnavis later told the indian express.
according to information, a team of economists has been tasked with the job of working out the precise impact of the new regime on the state coffers.
they are expected to submit their report in the next three-four days, sources revealed.
the state may press for a 19-20 per cent tax rate, an official said.
the government is also hoping that the new regime will plug tax leakages and ensure high collections.
a rough estimate says that about rs 25,000 crore is evaded under the value added tax regime, which is about 20-40 pc of the revenues from vat.
the new regime stresses on electronic compliance and will plug these leakages, fadnavis said in the legislative council.
the state might also push a revised share in devolutions, which is unlikely to be accepted.
maharashtra had earlier put forth a demand that it be permitted to levy a 1 per cent surcharge on gst but this was rejected by the centre.
fadnavis, meanwhile, refuted accusations that maharashtras interest was being compromised for a better taxation regime nationally.
the new tax structure works on greater handholding and communication between the centre and the states for overall economic growth.
maharashtra is the growth engine that drives the economy.
it is incorrect to presume that the centre was overlooking the states financial interest while driving growth, he said.
the cm further said that the new regime might work to the states advantage since the centre would now pass on taxation benefits for services to the state.
the service sector accounts for 53 per cent of the states gdp at present, he said.
meanwhile, minister of state (finance) deepak kesarkar, who hails from the shiv sena, announced that the mumbai municipality and other local bodies would have the powers to collect entertainment duty in the new regime.
b'prime minister narendra modi with bjp president amit shah at chief ministers conference in new delhi on saturday.
(pti photo) prime minister narendra modi with bjp president amit shah at chief ministers conference in new delhi on saturday.
(pti photo)prime minister narendra modi asked bjp-ruled states on saturday to focus on garib kalyan (welfare of poor), and said they should be a role model in execution of central schemes targeted at the poor.
addressing the first meeting of bjp chief ministers since he was elected to power in may 2014, held at maharashtra sadan here, modi urged them to work on multiple fronts to develop their states at a fast rate.
the prime minister asked us to work on mission mode, madhya pradesh cm shivraj singh chouhan said, briefing the media after the end of the day-long meeting, also attended by deputy cms and bjp presidents of states ruled by the party.
the meeting comes days after modi and bjp president amit shah, who inaugurated saturdays session, also laid out the partys pro-poor and good governance agenda at a meeting of core committees of state units.
the meetings follow criticism of the party and central government for being anti-poor, and after incidents of atrocities against dalits and violence by cow vigilante groups.
however, the bjp said that there was nothing political about saturdays meeting.
there was no reference to elections.
this is the bjps tradition, to ensure the welfare of the poor.
and the pm wanted us to work better and work more, chouhan said.
in his speech, the pm focused on better and effective implementation of welfare schemes launched by his government.
the party announced a four-member committee, headed by chouhan, to study the suggestions made at saturdays meeting on this, and to submit a report to shah.
the panel includes maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis , jharkhand cm raghubar das and vinay sahasrabudhe, in charge of the bjps national good governance cell, which organised the conclave.
the pm said his government would give special attention to schemes like lpg for bpl families, that empower women, linking of aadhaar to welfare programmes, implementation of the textile package, and distribution of led bulbs.
the pm also talked about the women medal winners at rio olympics.
shah talked about good governance, welfare of poor and development, while asking the cms to take up time-bound missions to implement the centres schemes.
the prime minister has started an era of politics of performance, a new bharat.
state governments of the bjp have been re-elected time and again on the basis of performance.
it is the joint responsibility of the central and state governments that we together build a pro-poor welfare state and change the life of the common man, shah was quoted as saying by fadnavis, who addressed the media earlier in the day.
shah pointed out that the party rules over 51 per cent of the countrys landmass and 37 per cent of the population.
of the 80 welfare schemes by the modi government, 65 are to be implemented directly by state governments, he said.
so the states play a key role in the success of the bjp governments policies, the party president reminded the cms.shah said the modi government had ended the confusion of previous governments over whether to give priority to rural or urban india, reforms or welfare, small scale industry or big industries.
it gave priority to all these fields, he said.
without paying attention to vote bank concerns, we have implemented the reform agenda with firmness and also laid foundation for many welfare schemes to build a welfare state.
the country and the world can experience a new india, shah added.
states will have to play an important role in transforming the country.
if we can bring change in states ruled by us, then a big part of the country can experience good governance.
fadnavis, who spoke after the inaugural session of the meeting, said they discussed how the poor, including scs, sts and obcs, could get jobs, education, medicine and employment.
apart from the central schemes (and how to implement them), good programmes initiated by states were discussed.
all the states made a presentation of their work and what they plan to do, especially in agriculture, woman empowerment and employment.
all the bjp cms except vasundhara raje attended the meeting.
the rajasthan cm, who is in bhutan for a literature festival, was represented by her senior ministers.
the cms meet was divided into six segments  the inaugural session, discussion on the agenda for welfare of poor, presentation by cms of successful schemes that could be replicated in other states, a session on the presence of bjp governments on social media, a discussion on the challenges and efforts to fight them, and the concluding ceremony.
the cms talked about arriving at a common threshold, which fadnavis defined as a set of schemes which all party-rules states could roll out fully.
some schemes will be selected and we will ensure that party-ruled states implement them 100 per cent, in a time-bound manner.
asked if there was a review of performance of bjp governments as regards the centres schemes, fadnavis said, the bjp governments are doing very well.
the targets are big and there is a big backlog also.
so we have to do more.
constable lalita salve.
express photo by prashant nadkar constable lalita salve.
express photo by prashant nadkara 29-year-old woman police constable from maharashtras beed district has got the go-ahead from authorities to undergo a sex change surgery.
we received the permission from the higher-ups recently.
accordingly, she has been conveyed the same, beed superintendent of police g sreedhar told pti.
the constable lalita salve, who now prefers to be called lalit, had met chief minister devendrafadnavis in march in this regard and was awaiting the state governments permission to undergo the surgery.
she had also sent an application to the state director general of police (dgp), requesting permission to undergo the surgery.
i met chief minister devendrafadnavis on march 21 in connection with my case.
he assured me that the matter will be resolved on an urgent basis, salve, who is posted at the majalgaon police station in beed, said.
salve had earlier approached the state police department to allow her leave to undergo the sex-change surgery.
the department had then turned down her plea as the eligibility criteria for men and women constables are different, including height and weight.
in november last year, she had moved the bombay high court seeking a direction to the dgp to grant her leave to undergo the surgery.
she had sought leave for a month to undergo the sex reassignment surgery, but the request was refused by beed police authorities, following which she approached the high court.
however, the high court had directed her to approach the maharashtra administrative tribunal since it was a service matter.
i sought permission for the sex-change surgery, leave for the procedure and expressed my desire to be in the service as a male police constable after the surgery, she had said.
she had also consulted doctors at the state-run j j hospital in mumbai for the sex reassignment surgery.
salve, born in june 1988, noticed changes in her body about four years ago and underwent medical tests, which confirmed the presence of y chromosome in her body, according to her petition filed in the high court.
while men have x and y sex chromosomes, women have two x chromosomes.
doctors had said she had gender dysphoria and advised her to undergo a sex reassignment surgery.
the court was hearing a petition filed by activist ketan tirodkar, questioning the governments decision to construct a high-rise for sitting hc judges.
(express photo) the court was hearing a petition filed by activist ketan tirodkar, questioning the governments decision to construct a high-rise for sitting hc judges.
(express photo)the state government on friday told the bombay high court that it was considering a policy under which one person, including bureaucrats and judges, will be allotted only one flat in the entire state at a point of time under state-sponsored schemes.
the court was hearing a petition filed by activist ketan tirodkar, questioning the governments decision to construct a high-rise for sitting hc judges.
on august 31, 2015, chief minister devendrafadnavis had sanctioned a housing scheme for serving judges on a 32,300-sq ft plot in oshiwara, following a request made in this regard by the proposed cooperative housing society of judges.
while construction is yet to begin, the government has offered 84 flats, each of 1,076-sq ft, on ownership basis to the judicial officers.
tirodkar had argued before the court that the flats have not only been allotted to sitting judges but also to those who have retired from the bombay high court or those who have been promoted to the supreme court.
on friday, a division bench of justice b r gavai and justice bharati dangre said that bureaucrats and judicial officers should be allotted only one flat in the entire state.
to this, advocate general ashutosh kumbhakoni informed the court of the governments plan in this regard.
kumbhakoni also told court that if the person, who will have one flat at one point of time in the state, wants to another house in the state, he will have to surrender the previously allotted house under the government scheme.
the court said that an individual, may be a judge or a bureaucrat, if he has a flat under a government scheme, then he is not entitled to another flat in the state.
we understand one flat is required.
everyone is answerable to their family.
everyone cannot be mahatma gandhi, justice gavai said.
the court will hear the matter next in june.
b'chief minister devendrafadnavis reviews preparations for the bjps foundation day conclave, scheduled for april 6, at bandra kurla complex in mumbai on tuesday.
(express photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis reviews preparations for the bjps foundation day conclave, scheduled for april 6, at bandra kurla complex in mumbai on tuesday.
(express photo)taking cashless transactions and a transparent system ahead, the maharashtra government on tuesday decided to eliminate any manipulations in 52,000 ration shops across 36 districts of the state.
to begin with, chief minister devendrafadnavis distributed 428 specially designed tabs to food and drug (f&d) inspectors for collecting online data during field visits.
the tabs were introduced to get rid of human intervention and manipulations in data during field visits by inspectors.
the tab is one more step to bring transparency and accountability in the food distribution system.
the online process will enable the f&d inspectors to closely monitor and eliminate any manipulations in data collected from each and every ration shop, said an official.
each costing rs 9,416, the tabs have been handed over to f&d inspectors.
the system will enable field officers to monitor functioning of each and every ration shop across the state.
the process is part of the ongoing reforms undertaken by the government beginning with introduction of biometric system to identify individuals allocated subsidised monthly ration.
the information and technology department has provided the tabs to the food and civil supplies department.
another decision relates to promoting cashless transactions in ration shops through point of sale (pos) machines.
food and civil supplies minister girish bapat said, we have taken the decision to introduce pos machines in every ration shop.
now, they can also operate as little banks lending small amounts not exceeding a few thousands and earning a commission.
indicating that it would not be a parallel banking system, he said, often, people urgently require a few hundred rupees for a few days or weeks.
now, these ration shops, through cashless transactions, can maintain records and lend the amount.
they can earn some commission.
to make ration shops economically more viable, the government has also allowed them to stock and sell groceries and vegetables.
the ration shops will be allowed to stock and sell seeds required by farmers for growing crops including cereals.
almost 4,300 ration shops had closed their operations recently seeking more facilities to make them viable.
the state government has conceded almost all their demands to enable them to have greater accountability and to ensure that consumers are not cheated.
chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file) chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file)chief minister devendrafadnavis has ordered a probe into the incident in aurangabad in which a railway police head constable, rahul kamble, lost his life after a teachers protest turned violent and led to stone-pelting on tuesday.
state education minister vinod tawde informed newspersons about the probe wednesday.
tawde claimed the violent protestors were goons of education barons.
teachers cant dish out the kind of abusive language that was being used, the minister said.
the aurangabad police, meanwhile, arrested 21 persons in connection with the case.
those arrested were sent to police custody for five days, the police said.
watch what else is making newstawde also attempted to distance himself from the controversy, saying that the protestors hadnt come to meet him.
the incident had taken place when a state cabinet meeting was being held in aurangabad.
the inquiry report will reveal everything, said tawde.
the protest was being held allegedly to protest against the governments delay in distributing grants for salaries of teachers in schools of unaided schools.
union minister for road transport and highways and shipping, nitin gadkari.
(pti photo) union minister for road transport and highways and shipping, nitin gadkari.
(pti photo)as thee jury is out on the alarming levels of pollution in the national capital, union minister nitin gadkari today marked out oil companies for causing maximum damage to the environment and urged them to do their bit to maintain ecology.
these (oil companies) have a lot of money.
and these are also the ones causing pollution.
theirs is a big contribution for pollution in the country, gadkari said at an event organised by the mumbai port trust here.
watch what else is making newshe asked the hydrocarbon companies to contribute to environment protection, citing the case of indian oil corporation which has set up a sewage treatment plant near the yamuna.
i whole-heartedly want these companies to shut shop and shift to bio fuels, said the minister, pointing to executives from three major state-owned omcs  hpcl, bpcl and ioc  sitting in the audience.
he regretted that domestic car makers were unable to make cleaner euro-vi compliant engines, but made it clear that april 2020 deadline will not be changed.
pollution is the biggest problem of our country, said gadkari, who handles the shipping and road transport portfolios.
he also went public with his disappointment on the rising number of vehicles on the road and made a case for increasing the rail network.
citing the smog scare in delhi, gadkari asked maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and the state machinery to ensure the countrys financial capital is protected, especially from water and air pollution.
we are reading about delhi in newspapers.
for mumbai, it is my prayer before the chief minister and officials the real problem (in mumbai) is water and air, gadkari said.
he said two major ports in the city and its periphery  mumbai and jnpt  are setting up sewage treatment plants and added that the water can be used for oil refineries.
gadkari, who has lived in mumbai for long, also said he does not feel like going to the worli seaface promenade these days because of the stench.
he said his ministry is prioritising the cleaner fuel of lng (liquefied natural gas) over others, adding that it is in talks with the russian government for technology transfer for an lng-fired catamaran that can cruise at 37 nautical miles per hour.
six farmers, including a woman, attempted suicide by consuming insecticide in the chamber of the land acquisition arbitrator at akola on monday to protest the inadequate compensation for their agricultural land, which was acquired to widen national highway-6.
advertisingthe six farmers are mohammad afzal gulamnabi, sajid ekwal sheikh mohammed, ashish hivarkar, nilkanthrao deshmukh, murlidhar raut and archana takale.
the incident created tension as it took place a day before chief minister devendrafadnavis visit to akola as part of his mahajanadesh yatra programme.
the farmers are being treated at akola government medical college and are out of danger, akola collector jitendra papalkar told the indian express.
advertisingpapalkar said, they had been awarded compensation for their land acquired for nh-6 expansion in the akola  balapur stretch in 2015.
they had moved the arbitrator narendra lonkar against the award.
after due examination of their claims, lonkar had given his order on monday to the effect that barring one of them, the claims did not merit any enhancement in the award amount.
dissatisfied with the ruling, the farmers demanded more money.
lonkar told them they had the option to move the civil court against his ruling.
but the farmers chose to consume insecticide in his chamber.
they were quickly shifted to gmc.
senior congress leader and former chief minister ashok chavan criticised the state government for being insensitive to farmers, one of whom, he said, was praised by prime minister narendra modi in his mann ki baat programme.
the bjp manifesto panel has called for suggestions from people on its social media platforms like twitter, facebook and by e-mail account.
the bjp manifesto panel has called for suggestions from people on its social media platforms like twitter, facebook and by e-mail account.
ahead of the crucial brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) polls, the city unit of bjp has invited suggestions from citizens, which it plans to incorporate in its election manifesto.
a committee, which was formed to draft the manifesto for the civic polls, held its first meeting on friday headed by bjp city unit chief ashish shelar.
watch what else is making news:taking a cue from chief minister devendrafadnavis address to bjp party workers at a meeting in thane, in which he talked about transparency in civic administration, shelar also emphasised on the need for a transparent governance in bmc and announced that the party has begun drafting the manifesto for pardarshi (transparent) mumbai, a bjp leader said.
the manifesto panel has called for suggestions from people on its social media platforms like twitter, facebook and by e-mail account.
transparent mumbai means there will be pothole-free roads, online services to people, including those relating to building and factory departments, no cartel of contractors, better infrastructure facilities like elevated roads, metro rails, said manoj kotak, one of the member of manifesto committee.
when asked if the manifesto will be prepared taking the sena into confidence, kotak said, although we are allies, the bjp is a separate political party and there may be few common programmes in the manifesto.
he said citizens can can mail or post their views, opinion and ideas on e-mail  pardarshimumbai@gmail.com, twitter account  @pardarshimumbai or facebook id- pardarshi mumbai.
meanwhile, the saffron allies seem to be in a mood to go solo for the bmc polls claiming that by contesting separately, they are more likely to get a comfortable majority.
a bjp office-bearer said the party had an internal survey done, which predicted that the bjp would win anywhere between 90 to 103 seats, out of the total 227, on its own.
on the other hand, a sena leader treading more cautiously said it would win 80 to 85 seats independently.
the sena leader added that if the party fails to get the required numbers, it may approach the bjp to form a post-poll alliance on the lines of kalyan dombivali municipal corporation (kdmc) polls.
bal gangadhar tilak.
bal gangadhar tilak.
bjp mla raj purohit has demanded a national memorial for bal gangadhar tilak in a south mumbai building where the leader resided.
the state government has responded positively to this, telling the cultural affairs department to submit a proposal on the matter.
sardargruh is a historical building where tilak resided for a substantial part of his life.
the place is witness to many historic events.
i would request the maharashtra government to take over this building and convert it into a national museum with a huge library, which will inspire patriots, purohit said.
the four-storeyed building is located opposite the police commissioners office in crawford market, and had hosted many leading lights of indias freedom struggle during their visits to the city.
tilak lived in a room in this building, and breathed his last here in 1920.
tilaks home was also the office of his newspaper, kesari, which is still in existence.
at present, the building houses tenants and the state would have to undertake a lot of legal work to take over the property.
the government, however, has stated it would consider the proposal, with chief minister devendrafadnavis asking the cultural affairs department to look into the request and submit a proposal regarding it.
many activists have berated the state government over the poor upkeep of sardargruh.
purohits demand comes almost a week after his fellow bjp mla and political bete noire mangal prabhat lodha demanded the demolition of jinnah house in malabar hill.
to fast-track drought relief and mitigation projects, chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday wrote to the chief election commissioner seeking relaxation in the model code of conduct as elections for all 48 lok sabha seats in the state were over.
advertisingthe four-phased elections in the state ended on monday.
to this effect, the state government needed to take a re-look at drought relief measures and expedite projects, fadnavis said in his letter.
the letter, shared by the cmo, says, maharashtra is reeling from severe drought and heatwave.
the code of conduct, which was enforced during elections, should be relaxed.
the elections for all 48 lok sabha seats have been concluded in the four phases.
the chief minister, in the letter, said the government needed to fast-track projects such as digging of wells, repairs in water supply projects, repairs of water canals for distribution of water from dams and other reservoirs to villages.
advertisingthe state government has declared drought in 151 talukas out of a total of 355.
the cm said, the centre has allocated rs 4,714 crore drought-relief funds to maharashtra, adding that the government was in need of convening a cabinet meeting to review and monitor the situation.
fadnavis also said the election commission should consider granting permission for all the projects and allow ministers to tour drought-hit talukas.
b'photo for representational purpose only photo for representational purpose onlyeven as protests continued against the yavatmal public school run by the darda family in yavatmal, the police saturday arrested principal jacob das under the protection of children from sexual offences (pocso) act.
incidents of stone-pelting were reported from the samadhi of late jawaharlal darda on saturday.
incidentally it was the late leaders birth anniversary on saturday.
angry crowds pulled down boards having name of dardas at many places.
watch video: whats making newstwo teachers of the school, yash borundia and amol kshirsagar, were arrested on thursday after a few parents alleged that their daughters were being sexually abused by them.
largescale protests had erupted in the city with thousands of protesters marching to the collectors office demanding action against the school authorities too.
they were alleging that the management had tried to brush under the carpet the activities of the two teachers.
the police had subsequently invoked section 21 of the pocso act, under which the principal has been arrested.
the protesters are also demanding the arrest of vijay darda, chairman of the jawaharlal darda education trust that runs the school, vice-chairman devendra darda and secretary kishore darda.
on thursday, parents of one girl had brought it to the notice of the school that their daughter had been sexually abused by the teachers.
later, 14 more such complaints came up.
on saturday, the protests continued with agitated mobs pulling down boards that displayed works undertaken using funds provided by vijay darda, whose rajya sabha term as congress mp recently ended.
there were rumours in the city that chief minister devendrafadnavis had promisedsupport to the school run by the dardas.
bjp mla madan yerawar, however, called up the cm who promised the agitated crowd on the speaker phone that he would do everything to help the parents get justice.
he also promised to provide a prominent lawyer to fight their case in a fast-track court.
meanwhile, heavy police force has been deployed at various places like airport named after late jawaharlal darda and also the agriculture produce marketing committee gate.
superintendent of police akhilesh kumar singh and collector sacchindra pratap singh couldnt be reached for comments.
the school has been mired in controversy since past many years due to allegations of land-grabbing by the late jawaharlal darda education trust that runs it.
the land allegedly belongs to a housing society, an allegation that dardas are fighting a legal battle against.
the case is currently in the supreme court.
the sena and bjp have been governing the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) together since 1997 with the sena playing the lead role.
but the sena grip has loosened  its seat count fell from 103 in 1997 to 75 in 2012.
the sena and bjp have been governing the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) together since 1997 with the sena playing the lead role.
but the sena grip has loosened  its seat count fell from 103 in 1997 to 75 in 2012.
as mumbai moves closer to the bmc polls, the sprawling bandra reclamation ground, overlooking the arabian sea, stands apart from the hustle and bustle of the acrimony between the big two  the shiv sena and the bjp.
the dusty uneven ground, now a hotspot for exhibitions and other events, is the very place where the bjp was born on april 6, 1980.
thirty-seven years later, as the party strikes out on its own to wrest the tag of big brother from its saffron ally, the shiv sena has gone all out to defend its turf, questioning the relationship between the bjp and mumbai.
the sena is framing its campaign to dismiss the bjp as an outsider, which is trying to break mumbai from maharashtra.
stung, the bjp has struck back, fiercely locking horns with the sena and thus ensuring that the bmc elections are fought over the narrative: whose mumbai?
in his speeches, chief minister devendrafadnavis has maintained, mumbai is bjps janmabhoomi (land of birth) and my karmabhoomi (land of duty).
watch what else is making newsboth the sena and the bjp were born in the city they ruled jointly and are now fighting bitterly over.
the shiv senas first rally, after its formation on june 19, 1966, was at shivaji park, dadar, of then bombay.
a senior political commentator and former sena mp bharat kumar raut said, when the sena was formed, prabodhankar thackeray (uddhavs grandfather) had at a public rally declared that he was gifting his son bal (thackeray) to mumbai.
the senas connect with mumbai has thus remained special.
however, raut, an eyewitness to the evolution of sena and bjp politics, added: while the sena may have overshadowed the bjp within mumbai with its political dominance in the bmc, there can be no justification to its questioning the bjps relationship with mumbai.
raut, who was present at the first bjp conclave at bandra reclamation three decades ago, recalls, atal bihari vajpayee made a sterling speech with his prediction  andhera chhatega, suraj niklega, kamal khilega (the darkness will pave way for a new dawn and the lotus will bloom).
moreover, the rss had its shakhas at shivaji park, girgaum and worli even before the birth of the shiv sena.
the then jana sangha, which was later merged into the bjp, too had been active in mumbai.
at the first bjp poll rally in mumbai last week, fadnavis had recalled vajpayees poetic slogan to boost the morale of his partyworkers at the nsc grounds at goregaon.
the party has also invoked chhatrapati shivaji, the symbol of marathi pride, often.
while the sena has claimed this is an attempt to hijack their icon, a senior leader in the bjp claimed: right at the foundation of the party, we had said we draw inspiration from the life and struggle of chhatrapati shivaji maharaj.
fadnavis has gone a step ahead to tick off the sena: chhatrapati shivaji never tolerated extortion or corruption.
a poll strategist in the bjp said, our party never severed connect with our birth place.
when we completed 25 years, the late pramod mahajan held a conclave at the same bandra reclamation grounds.
however, a party insider admitted, the senas hold in the bmc, coupled with its politics of aggression centred around the marathi manoos agenda, has given it a different connect with mumbai.
as the elections come closer, a desperate sena is reverting to its tried-and-trusted agenda of mumbai asmita (mumbais pride), centred around the sons of the soil.
afraid that the bjp is making inroads into its stronghold maharashtrian-dominated seats  the sena is reworking its strategy.
whether it is giving more jobs to the sons of the soil in railways or representation in private sector, the old issues are being raked.
the bjp, so far, has stuck to its development agenda of transformation of mumbai through inclusive and holistic development.
as the former allies turn bitter competitors, along with the bmc, more seems to be at stake: the mumbai legacy.
b'the ruling bjp has proposed a rally in mumbai on april 6 to commemorate its 38th foundation day .
the ruling bjp has proposed a rally in mumbai on april 6 to commemorate its 38th foundation day .
the congress on thursday termed the bjps proposed rally in mumbai on april 6 to commemorate its 38th foundation day as rubbing salt into the wounds of farmers.
congress spokesperson sachin sawant, addressing reporters, said that the ruling bjp was spending lavishly on this rally despite the fact that 13,000 farmers had committed suicide, fiscal deficit had touched rs 15,000 crore and unemployment had risen sharply during its regime.
he criticised the maharashtra government for excluding 50 lakh farmers from the ambit of the chhatrapati shivaji maharaj shetkari sanman yojana, popularly referred to as farm loan waiver scheme.
he said that the government did not want too many farmers covered under the waiver scheme as it had launched the programme half-heartedly.
in the month of january 47.
46 lakh farmers were included in the green list as eligible for waiver and rs 23,102 crore was approved.
however, in the list brought out on april 3, the number of eligible farmers came down to 46.
52 lakh and the approved amount dipped to rs 18,904 crore, he claimed.
he said that the government should apply to farmers the same yardstick based on which state labour and skills development minister sambhaji nilangekar got a waiver of rs 51 crore on a loan amount of rs 76 crore under the one time settlement scheme.
earlier, on march 28, chief minister devendrafadnavis had defended nilangekar in the legislative assembly stating that he was just a guarantor for the loan and the ots was done as per rbi guidelines.
the loan, amounting to rs 49 crore with interest, was taken by a private firm in 2009 and 2011 and was later declared as a non-performing asset.
b'radheshyam mopalwar (express photo) radheshyam mopalwar (express photo)four months after a committee appointed by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis cleared maharashtra state road development corporation (msrdc) vice-chairman and md radheshyam mopalwar of graft allegations, it emerges that the committee did not get original clips of an audio purportedly containing the 1995-batch ias officers phone conversations with a middleman.
the conversation in the clip was about alleged bribes to farmers affected by the rs 46,000-crore nagpur-mumbai samriddhi corridor, an msrdc project.
the clean chit was given on the basis of a report by maharashtra forensic science laboratory (fsl) that these audio clips showed the voice was similar to that of mopalwar, but it could not be verified whether it was edited.
an fsl official told the indian express that the laboratory did not get access to the original cd that had 35 audio clips of conversations, purportedly featuring mopalwar and running to over three hours.
this was the cd presented in maharashtra assembly on august 2 last year by leader of opposition radhakrishna vikhe patil of the congress.
the indian express has copies of the cd containing 35 unverified recordings.
instead of this cd, the three-member committee  headed by former chief secretary johny joseph  said it got only two audio-video clips from tv news channels: a 7.
11-minute clip from abp mazha and another of 2.
07 minutes from zee 24 taas.
these were handed over to fsl for analysis.
a senior fsl official said, our report mentioned that voice sample in the audio clip was similar to mopalwars.
the report said the test to confirm whether or not the audio was edited could not be done since we needed the original audio clip, and not an audio-video news clip that was provided.
it would have been easier for fsl to verify whether the clips were continuous and, therefore, authentic if it had received the entire three-hour original audio, the official said.
he added that the fsl did not seek the original sample, as it is not an investigating agency, and only conducts tests on exhibits sent to it.
joseph confirmed that the committee did not get the original clips, but declined to comment further.
based on the committees report on november 30 last year, mopalwar was reinstated in december.
after retirement on february 28 this year, he was re-employed in the same post on contract.
a day after ncp legislator ajit pawar had raised the issue in assembly, fadnavis ordered a probe and mopalwar was asked to go on leave on august 3, 2017.
the committee, also comprising additional cp r d shinde and deputy cp parag manere, was told to examine authenticity of the tapes and also ascertain whether the conversations, and allegations against mopalwar, were linked to the samriddhi corridor project.
the fsl recorded fresh voice samples of mopalwar and reported that the voice on the clips submitted was similar to the fresh voice samples.
an fsl officer said that similar is the word most commonly used rather than a match, but the committee interpreted this as being inadequate evidence that the voice belonged to the ias officer without seeking a clarification from fsl.
the committee said it had not inquired into allegations of disproportionate assets raised against mopalwar, as the anti-corruption bureau and enforcement directorate were probing these.
mopalwar said, this is an attempt to defame me.
satish mangle, the detective who is believed to have leaked the recordings of the audio conversations, was summoned before the three-member committee twice.
why did he not give them the audio clips?
vikhe patil said: if the committee did not find (the clips), they could have contacted us.
we would have provided them the clippings.
mangle was arrested by thane police on november 3 last year on charges of extorting money from mopalwar.
food and drug administration commissioner pallavi darade, a 1997-batch indian revenue service (irs) officer, has just bagged another two-year extension for her deputation with the state administration.
while her original deputation was for a three-year period, she has now received three extensions, having already served a total of seven years with the state administration.
while the centres department of personnel and training had communicated its unwillingness to grant her any more extensions in february this year asking her to rejoin her parent income-tax department, it has now okayed another two-year extension.
darades husband, pravin darade (1997 batch, ias), is seen as the chief ministers blue-eyed boy in the administration.
the other grandsonadvertisingeven as the pawar family eagerly awaits the outcome of parth pawars electoral debut, another sharad pawar grandnephew, rohit, too has declared his electoral ambitions.
rohit, who was actively involved in the nationalist congress partys election campaign, has himself made his intention of contesting the upcoming state polls clear.
overexcited fanspoll results are a good three weeks away, but die-hard supporters of some of the candidates just cant hold back their excitement.
ncps shirur candidate amol kolhe and bjps ahmednagar candidate sujay vikhe-patil were in for some embarassment this past week, when their supporters distributed wedding invitation cards, identifying them as new mps from their respective regions.
the two candidates will only hope that their supporters are proven right.
new fiscal doctorsenior bureaucrats sitaram kunte and debashish chakravarty are being seen as the top contenders for the finance secretarys post.
the post has gone without a full-time secretary for over a month, after ups madan was elevated to the chief secretarys post.
at present, madan continues to hold the post in additional capacity.
with the states full budget for 2019-20 to be placed before the state legislature during the monsoon session, chief minister devendrafadnavis is expected to soon nominate a full-time secretary, confirmed sources.
major rejig post polls?
according to sources, promotions of senior ips officers in maharashtra, which are long overdue, are set to be fast-tracked.
if the sources are to be believed, once the model code of conduct is lifted, chief minister devendrafadnavis will carry out a major rejig among ips officers.
mumbai haat is one step forward towards governments larger objective to promote women self-help groups which have network across rural maharashtra.
mumbai haat is one step forward towards governments larger objective to promote women self-help groups which have network across rural maharashtra.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday gave an approval for the setting up of a mumbai haat exclusively for marketing products made by women self-help groups.
it will come up at metro cinema subway, dhobi talao, and will be managed by women.
the decision was taken at a meeting held in mantralaya where a presentation was made to outline the concept and objective behind the setting up of the haat.
according to fadnavis, mumbai haat is one step forward towards governments larger objective to promote women self-help groups which have network across rural maharashtra.
the initiative is to provide these groups  also called as bachat gaat  a robust market where their products can be put for sale and enable them better renumeration.
he said, such haats will help women groups to build their own brands for their products.
a year ago, fadnavis had taken the decision to give loans to women self-help groups at zero interest rate.
the exercise is to open new avenues of self-employment which would also make them self-reliant.
there are several hundred women self-help groups across the state.
the financial institutions which give them loans have acknowledged that loan recovery has been 100 per cent from the women groups.
however, those in rural areas have often complained that they dont get proper market linkages to project their products or capture the right buyers.
the haat will be designed in the subway where stalls would be erected for showcasing the products made by women groups.
apart from making provisions for products such as handicrafts, jewellery, household items, eatables and clothes, there will be a stall for selfie.
the project will be a joint initiative of skill development and entrepre-neurship department supported by undp (india), mahila arthik vikas mahamandal (mavin) along with other government departments.
a committee would be constituted to implement the project.
the chief minister emphasised that the project should be planned to ensure its success.
it has to be professionally managed.
he also stressed that the objective of setting the haat should be brought into reality.
and the spirit behind this move to give women self-help groups a platform to channelise their products through market links should be taken to its logical end.
according to fadnavis, mumbai haat should not be seen as another local market, however, what would make it distinct from others, is the larger purpose to economically empower the women through self-help groups.
the model of this haat will be replicated in other cities and towns across maharashtra.
shiv sena alleged that while talking to tv channels, the chief minister wore a badge of lotus (bjp poll symbol).
(file photo) shiv sena alleged that while talking to tv channels, the chief minister wore a badge of lotus (bjp poll symbol).
(file photo)the shiv sena today claimed that maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis violated the code of conduct by giving interviews to media outlets after the end campaigning for local body polls, and filed a complaint which is being examined by the state election commission (sec).
the chief minister went on an interview-giving spree even after the campaign period ended.
while talking to tv channels, the chief minister wore a badge of lotus (bjp poll symbol).
watch what else is making newsthis is a gross misuse of government machinery and violation of code of conduct.
he is trying to influence voters, sena mp sanjay raut told reporters here.
campaigning for the february 21 elections to 10 municipal corporations, including mumbai, and a clutch of zilla parishads and panchayat samitis, ended last evening.
if the chief minister gets permission to campaign in this manner after the (canvassing) period is over, all should get permission.
we think his day-long interviews are a case of paid news, raut said, claiming fadnavis has violated the representation of people act.
sena leaders have submitted a written complaint to the state election commission (sec) in this regard, he said.
if the commission does not take action against him, we will have to think about approaching the court.
the sena mp claimed fadnavis is trying to threaten the opposition parties using government machinery.
asked for comment over the issue, state election commissioner j s saharia said the senas complaint will be verified.
we have received the complaint.
the sec works under the framework of constitutional law.
if there is any violation of law, we shall act.
we will verify the complaint, he said.
to another query, saharia said, bulk ads in print or tv and paid bulk smss are banned.
but we cant take any action on what is done by people in their individual capacity.
meanwhile, responding to the sena allegations, bjp said the uddhav thackeray-led party has insulted the fourth pillar of democracy by levelling charge of paid news with regard to fadnavis interviews.
the sena has already conceded defeat and is thus coming out with new allegations everyday that have no substance.
they have no trust in people and their decision-making ability, bjp spokesperson madhav bhandari said.
the chief minister follows all rules and regulations, and wont do anything that violates poll code, he added.
b'river bridge collapse on mumbai -goa highway at mahad due to hevy rains .
nrdd team at the incident spot.
(express photo by narendra vaskar) river bridge collapse on mumbai -goa highway at mahad due to hevy rains .
nrdd team at the incident spot.
(express photo by narendra vaskar)two more bodies were recovered on saturday, during the search operation in savitri river where two state-run buses and some private vehicles were swept away after a british-era bridge collapsed in mahad, taking the toll in the tragedy to 24.
two more bodies, both males, were found at different locations in the river and the toll has now gone up to 24.
of these, one was found near mhapral bridge and the other in amber creek, a raigad district official said.
a fresh search operation involving multiple agencies and local divers was launched this morning, he said.
the tragedy occurred on tuesday night at mahad when two state-run buses and some private vehicles fell into the swollen river following collapse of the nearly-century-old bridge on the mumbai-goa highway.
of the 22 identified victims, 10 were in rajapur-borivili bus while seven were travelling in jaigad-mumbai bus, both belonging to maharashtra state transport corporation.
twenty boats and nearly 160 personnel from coast guard, ndrf and navy were deployed in the search operation.
the district administration was also taking help of local fishermen.
the government has already announced that the kin of the deceased staff members of the two state-run buses would either be given job or compensation of rs 10 lakh each.
watch video: whats making newsfadnavis had said that apart from two state-run buses, a tavera and a honda city car had also fallen into the river after the bridge crumbled on tuesday night.
the bridge was located on mumbai-goa highway near mahad, about 170 kms from mumbai.
the river, which turned into a torrent due to heavy downpour in its catchment area in mahabaleshwar, weakened the foundations of the bridge, which ultimately gave way on tuesday night.
prime minister narendra modi at the inauguration of the mahagenco 1980 mw koradi thermal power project in nagpur, maharashtra on friday.
(source: pti) prime minister narendra modi at the inauguration of the mahagenco 1980 mw koradi thermal power project in nagpur, maharashtra on friday.
(source: pti)prime minister narendra modi today dedicated 1980 mw of the koradi super-critical thermal power project of state-run mahagenco near nagpur in maharashtra to the nation.
the 1,980 mw capacity includes three units of 660 mw each, which are now completely operational, marking the completion of the last phase of expansion of the project.
the plant currently has one unit of 200 mw, two units of 210 mw each and with the addition of the three units of 660 mw each, its total capacity has increased to 2,600 mw.
with this, the total generation capacity of mahagenco now stands at 12,977 mw, which includes coal-fired capacity of 9,540 mw, gas-based capacity of 672 mw, hydro-based capacity of 2,585 mw and solar capacity of 180 mw.
modi was accompanied by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , governor k vidyasagar rao, union roads and highways minister nitin gadkari, union law minister ravi shankar prasad, union power minister piyush goyal, union hrd minister prakash javadekar and state energy minister chandrashekhar bawankule among others.
modi, who was in the winter capital of the state today, also paid tributes to babasaheb ambedkar at deekshabhoomi and attended the inauguration programme of various government schemes, organised by niti aayog, at the divisional sports complex, mankapur.
a polling official cross checks the numbers on electronic voting machines at a distribution center for upcoming bmc election on monday.
express photo by ganesh shirsekar a polling official cross checks the numbers on electronic voting machines at a distribution center for upcoming bmc election on monday.
express photo by ganesh shirsekardubbed as a mini assembly election, the 227-member brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) is scheduled to hold the civic polls on tuesday in mumbai, along with nine other civic bodies in maharashtra.
the voting will begin at 7.
30 am and conclude at 5.
30 pm.
the poll counting for 23 centres in mumbai will be done on february 23.
the elections have turned into a battle of prestige for chief minister devendrafadnavis who is heading the states first bjp-led government, and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray.
watch video | bmc elections 2017: polling begins across maharashtra, mns chief raj thackeray casts his voteholding the status of the biggest municipal corporation in the country, bmc will witness competitive elections with 2,275 candidates in the fray for 227 seats.
more than 7,297 polling centres and over 1.
95 crore voters across the state are entitled to exercise their franchise to choose representatives for ten-city corporations.
election officers gather at a distribution center to receive electronic voting machines for their respective polling stations for up comeing bmc election on monday.
express photo by-ganesh shirsekar 20/02/2017 election officers gather at a distribution center to receive electronic voting machines for their respective polling stations for up comeing bmc election on monday.
express photo by-ganesh shirsekar 20/02/2017two parties- bjp and shiv sena- who have jointly ruled the bmc since 1997, are engaged in bitter acrimony this time.
parties like congress, ncp and mns are also contesting the bmc polls.
drinking water, roads and garbage are the key issues for the bmc polls this year.
election officers gather at a distribution center to receive electronic voting machines for their respective polling stations for up comeing bmc election on monday.
express photo by-ganesh shirsekar election officers gather at a distribution center to receive electronic voting machines for their respective polling stations for up comeing bmc election on monday.
express photo by-ganesh shirsekarsecurity has been beefed up by the mumbai police across the city as part of arrangements for the smooth conduct of the elections.
police are maintaining a strong vigil to avert any untoward incident during polls in city as there are 7,297 polling centres, which include 726 sensitive centres.
besides, 159 pockets of the city are declared as sensitive.
bmc civic polls preparation at thane.
express photo by-deepak joshi bmc civic polls preparation at thane.
express photo by-deepak joshipolice bandobast has also been done at vital installations the city, deputy commissioner of police ashok dudhe said on monday.
video-recording of the poll process will be done at sensitive booths, he said.
police have enforced crpcs section 144 (prohibitory orders) in the vicinity of 100 metres of the polling centres, where there will be restrictions on non-voters.
buses parked on election duty near a distribution center in andheri sport complex for upcoming bmc election on monday.
express photo by santosh parab buses parked on election duty near a distribution center in andheri sport complex for upcoming bmc election on monday.
express photo by santosh parabthe dcp said that plain-clothed police personnel from the special and crime branches will be deployed outside the polling stations.
there will be separate queues for men and women to avoid any chaos during polling, he said, adding that strict police security will also be deployed for poll counting, to be done at 23 centres in the city on thursday.
a polling official cross checks the numbers on electronic voting machines at a distribution center for up comeing bmc election on monday.
express photo by-ganesh shirsekar a polling official cross checks the numbers on electronic voting machines at a distribution center for up comeing bmc election on monday.
express photo by-ganesh shirsekarchecking of vehicles and regular combing operations are being carried out throughout the city with the help of flying squads of mumbai police, bmc and the election commission, the dcp said.
buses parked on special duty near a distribution center in andheri sport complex for upcoming bmc election on monday.
express photo by santosh parab buses parked on special duty near a distribution center in andheri sport complex for upcoming bmc election on monday.
express photo by santosh parabon january 26, uddhav thackeray announced that the party will not go for an alliance with the bjp in the upcoming polls.
sena also ruled out the possibility of a pre-poll pact with bjp, alleging that the saffron has hired gundas (goons) in the party as they cant fight against the shiv sena sainiks.
this year, while shiv sena will contest alone on all the 227 seats, the bjp will contest only 195 seats in the 227-member bmc polls.
shiv sena has ruled bmc for 19 years.
a voter checks for his name in the voters list mobile application launched by bmc for the upcoming bmc election.
express photo by ganesh shirsekar a voter checks for his name in the voters list mobile application launched by bmc for the upcoming bmc election.
express photo by ganesh shirsekarapart from the ten civic bodies elections, the second phase of polling for 11 zilla parishads (zps) and 118 panchayat samitis will also be conducted on tuesday.
over 1.
80 crore people can cast their votes in the zp and panchayat samiti polls.
state election commissioner j s saharia said, collectively, 3.
77 crore voters are eligible to decide the fate of 17,331 candidates in rural and urban areas, including mumbai.
bmc polls aftermath: bjp, shiv sena are in contention for power over countrys richest civic body.
(file) bmc polls aftermath: bjp, shiv sena are in contention for power over countrys richest civic body.
(file)the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) polls concluded on a thrilling note with shiv sena only a few seats ahead of the bjp.
while senas hold over the countrys richest civic body has loosened, all parties are now looking at the next steps and speculations of alliances have begun.
two days after the hung verdict, all parties have laid open their cards.
the bjp has ruled out any alliance with the congress for the control of bmc.
on the other hand, congress has refused to ally with the shiv sena and an opportunity to have a deputy mayor from their party.
the shiv sena has emphatically declared that the mayor will be from their own party.
in the bitterly fought bmc elections, shiv sena had won 84 seats (now 87), bjp secured 82, congress was relegated to the third position with 31 seats, whereas the ncp and raj thackeray-led mns finished with nine and seven seats respectively.
besides, aimim got two seats, samajwadi party 6, akhil bhartiya sena 1 and independents 5 (of which 3 have now joined the sena).
bjp wont join hands with congressmaharashtra chief minister maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis .
(file photo)bjp wont ally with congress at any point and cost.
whoever (shiv sena) wants to go with them can go, we wont say a single word, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis was quoted as saying by news agency ani.
let those who want to align with the congress do so.
we wont stop them, fadnavis said, in an apparent reference to reports that the shiv sena was toying with the idea of roping in the congress to bag the mumbai mayors post.
read | bmc elections 2017: wont ally with congress at any cost, says maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis chief minister hailed prime minister narendra modi for starting transparent politics and added they were getting positive response as all communities have voted for them.
he also maintained that bjp will continue with its transparency policy and not abandon it for other parties.
bjp is a party whic fights ideology with ideology.
whether we bag power (in bmc) or not, we will never go with the congress, the cm said.
did shiv sena-congress hold talks?
sanjay nirupam, president, mumbai congress.
(file) sanjay nirupam, president, mumbai congress.
(file)reports earlier said that shiv sena and congress were in talks of an alliance, with congress helping sena prop a mayor from the latters party.
however, both parties denied such discussion.
party workers feel sena is a lesser evil than the bjp, said a congress state office-bearer told pti, who did not wish to be identified.
however, senior congress leader gurudas kamat said he was against any kind of support to the sena in bmc.
i take strong objection to any discussion even of having any tie up or indirect support to the shiv sena in the bmc, he said.
he said congress has fought against both saffron parties all along for their divisive policies and people will not spare the congress if the party even attempts to align with them.
read | strongly object to any support to shiv sena in bmc: congresss gurudas kamatkamat also said that both the parties should fight against each other in the game and congress will not intervene in that.
let them sort out their problems by themselves and in the process expose themselves and their lust for power, kamat added.
mayor to be from shiv sena, party assertsuddhav thackerey with son aditya thackerey.
(file) uddhav thackerey with son aditya thackerey.
(file)with no party securing clear mandate in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation elections, shiv sena today expressed confidence that it would still bag the mayors post.
sena leader and rajya sabha member sanjay raut also denied that the party had approached congress for support.
i can say that we have the maximum number of corporators and the mayor will be only from shiv sena.
the reports that we sought support from congress are not true, raut said, speaking to media at party headquarters here this afternoon.
senior sena leaders today discussed the future course of action at a meeting at the party headquarters in dadar.
newly-elected corporators met the party chief uddhav thackeray.
read | bmc elections 2017: is there as much air in bjps balloon as is made out, asks shiv senawith the fractured mandate leaving neither the sena nor the bjp in a position to install its rule in the countrys richest civic body on its own, both the parties are exploring various options to cobble up numbers to reach the magic figure of 114 seats in the 227-member city hall.
the senas tally rose to 87 yesterday with three independent corporators extending their support to the uddhav thackeray-led party.
senior sena leader and cabinet minister in the maharashtra government eknath shinde said, we are the number one party in the house and we have 89 corporators with us.
we are going to have our mayor.
shinde paraded four independent corporators before the media who he said were backing the sena.
senior sena leaders manohar joshi, mp gajanan kirtikar, subhash desai were among those who attended the meeting.
the directives had reportedly come late in the day after chief minister devendrafadnavis had dashed to the constituency to address election rallies on the last day of the campaign.
(file) the directives had reportedly come late in the day after chief minister devendrafadnavis had dashed to the constituency to address election rallies on the last day of the campaign.
(file)three days before the actual polling was to begin for the bhandara-gondia lok sabha constituency, two letters issued by additional collector of bhandara and collector of gondia directing the state bank of india to keep its branches open to facilitate distribution of compensation to farmers on saturday and sunday have raised a question mark over the timing of the directives.
while the officials claimed that they had been told by the higher ups to issue the letters on may 25 (friday), three days before mondays polling, a complaint regarding the matter to the election commission by opposition leaders had stalled the directive from taking effect.
the bank branches were subsequently told by the senior bank officials not to transact business, thus winding up the process abruptly.
previously, the directives had reportedly come late in the day after chief minister devendrafadnavis had dashed to the constituency to address election rallies on the last day of the campaign.
while the letter issued by bhandara additional collector dilip talmale had specifically mentioned that the farmers in the district were to be given compensation for the crop damage caused by pink bollworm and other pests to cotton and paddy, the now-transferred gondia collector abhimanyu kale had said that the compensation was to be deposited in the farmers account for which the bank branches should remain open even on holidays till june 15.
while kale, who was transferred by the state government following evm glitches in mondays polling, wasnt available for comment, talmale told the indian express, i issued the letter as i had a directive to the effect from the state government.
asked about the propriety of the timing of the issuance of the letter, talmale said, that is not my prerogative.
chief minister devendrafadnavis wasnt available for comment.
the chief election commissioner o p rawat told the indian express, there was some complaint but i am not aware of the exact details.
but going by what you are reporting, compensation for anything like crop damages due to pest attack isnt the kind of exigency that qualifies for an urgent release of damages to farmers.
the question is, why were the damages not paid earlier and why were they being paid a day or two before the polling.
the rules, however, do not prohibit the government from paying damages for something tomorrow for something that has happened today.
about the complaint that you are talking about, i can check and come back to you tomorrow.
meanwhile, polling took place at 49 centres in bhandara-gondia constituency on wednesday after the election commission issued orders for re-poll due to the evm problem on monday.
twenty-one of these were in gondia assembly segment, 14 in bhandara, 4 in sakoli, 2 in amgaon and 8 in tiroda assembly segments.
during the re-poll, the constituency witnessed low voter turnout, with 48.
85 per cent of people exercising their franchise till 6 pm.
this was about five per cent less than mondays polling.
the highest, 63.
03 per cent polling, was registered in arjuni-morgaon assembly segment followed by sakoli (59.
07), bhandara (56.
22), tiroda (55.
49) and gondia (40.
40).
the results will be declared tomorrow.
the state government will allot 800 hectares of revenue land to accomplish its target of affordable housing for all by year 2022 and 355 hectares have been earmarked on the outskirts of mumbai for housing projects.
the target set in the first phase is 1.
41 lakh houses for mumbai.
at the cabinet meeting, chief minister devendrafadnavis urged officials to expedite the housing projects area-wise.
various schemes are underway to increase housing stock to bridge the demand and supply gap in mumbai and its outskirts.
to encourage construction of more affordable houses for the economically weaker sections and lower-income groups, the state government has decided to offer a slew of concessions to government and semi-government agencies who take up such projects for implementation.
watch video: whats making newsfor all projects approved under the union governments ambitious housing for all initiative (pradhan mantri awas yojana) and catering to the economically weaker sections and lower-income groups, the state government plans to offer its land at a nominal one rupee per square metre.
the state will extend this concession to all government and semi-government agencies such as urban local bodies, the maharashtra housing and area development authority, shivshahi punarvasan prakalp ltd, city and industrial development corporation and so on.
a senior housing department official said, all incentives will only apply to government and semi-government agencies undertaking these projects themselves through a contractor and not private developers.
further, these will be applicable only for projects under the housing for all scheme.
he added, the slum rehabilitation authority (sra) will not get any of these set of incentives as it is only a planning authority and projects are ultimately undertaken by private developers.
however, while offering concessions, the government and semi-government agencies will have to hand over 70 percent profits from houses allotted to people from middle-income and high-income group categories to the state government, the official added.
besides land at highly subsidized rates, the state government has also decided to offer a 50 percent concession in land measurement fees for housing projects for economically weaker sections and lower-income groups.
further, the state urban development department will also notify these projects under the maharashtra regional town planning act for a concession in development charges, which is currently given only for health and educational projects, the housing department official said.
the state cabinet has also decided to reduce stamp duty for the first allotment of tenements less than 30 square metres built under the housing for all policy to rs 1,000.
the congress on friday named former mp eknath gaikwad as its acting president for the partys mumbai unit, relieving former union minister milind deora from the post.
gaikwad was already serving as the working president of the city unit.
advertisingfollowing the resignation of rahul gandhi as the party national president and losses in the lok sabha polls, deora had resigned as the mumbai unit president on july 7.
on friday, the congress high command finally accepted his offer.
i am happy that my pending resignation as president, mumbai congress has been accepted, deora tweeted.
i am grateful to [the] congress for having been given the opportunity to serve mumbai.
i wish eknath gaikwadji my very best, he added.
deora, known to be close to rahul, had replaced sanjay nirupam in march, just before the lok sabha polls.
the party had failed to win a single seat in mumbai for the second consecutive time.
advertisingthe change of guard comes at a time when the partys screening committee for the state polls has been meeting to finalise the names of the probables for the 288 seats in the state.
elections in maharashtra is set to take place in october, with the model code of conduct expected to kick in mid-september.
in an official statement, the party said, the party appreciates the contribution of the outgoing president of mumbai regional congress committee, milind deora.
sources said the party plans to release the first list of probables, which would mostly include sitting mlas, by september 10.
the congress and ncp have so far finalised a seat-sharing pact for 224 out of the 288 seats.
meanwhile, speculations of former maharashtra minister harshavardhan patil switching over to the bjp intensified on friday after he called upon chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the congress and ncp are yet to arrive a seat-sharing arrangement for patils native indapur seat in pune, which is at present represented by his political rival from ncp, dattatray bharne.
the chopper had crash-landed at latur last month.
express photo.
the chopper had crash-landed at latur last month.
express photo.
the aircraft accident investigation bureau (aaib) committee, probing the chopper crash of chief minister devendrafadnavis at latur last month submitted its preliminary report on the case last week.
the report, submitted to the aaib, contains observations from the accident site and evidence collected.
in may, the sikorsky chopper of fadnavis carrying four other members of his team crash-landed at a school play ground in nilanga where he was conducting an inspection of drought relief measures.
while everyone escaped unhurt, the chopper suffered damages.
a three member team of the aaib had collected evidence of the chopper from the site and recorded statements of witnesses after the accident.
speaking to the indian express, an aaib official from the committee said: yes, we have recorded certain observations after analysing the preliminary evidence with us.
it must be noted that these form primary evidence and no official accusation on any party could be based out of this.
he added: we will conduct further inquiry by analysing whether standard operating procedures concerning chopper operations were followed.
the last report, which will include the analysis of the evidence as per the stated guidelines will remain final.
the pilot of the chopper, sanjay karve, had claimed in his statement to the directorate general of civil aviation (dgca) after the accident that unfavorable weather was the reason to call for a crash-landing.
b'revenue minister eknath khadse.
revenue minister eknath khadse.
revenue minister eknath khadse, in the eye of a storm, tuesday skipped the cabinet meeting and headed to his home constituency in muktainagar in north maharashtras jalgaon district.
khadse has been embroiled in a series of controversies from a controversial land deal to allegations of phone calls from his mobile phone to underworld don dawood ibrahim.
as embarrassment for the party mounts, the top leadership has left it to chief minister devendrafadnavis to chart the next course of action.
the congress and the ncp have sought khadses resignation.
there is an annual pilgrimage at muktainagar, which was already scheduled.
so, i had to attend it, said khadse.
a senior cabinet minister said, khadse had told the chief minister about the visit.
but insiders said the series of allegations against the minister and his aggressive defence have not gone down well within the organisation.
sources said the possibility of khadse being divested of some portfolios could not be ruled out.
at present, he holds revenue and agriculture among 10 departments.
birla house in malabar hill.
(express photo by prashant nadkar) birla house in malabar hill.
(express photo by prashant nadkar)the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) has decided to grant industrialist yash birla transferable development rights (tdr) for the undeveloped portion of birla house in south mumbai, paving the way for him to possibly raise funds by monetising the same.
sources in the bmc confirmed that the proposal to grant heritage tdr for the undevelopable portion of the malabar hill property has been okayed to be granted in phases by the civic body.
the decision was taken earlier this month, on january 3.
the decision comes less than two months after yash birlas properties, including birla house, were attached by the economic offences wing of the mumbai police after investigations revealed that over rs 300 crore raised from investors by the yash birla group-owned birla power solutions ltd was allegedly diverted to other group companies.
the bmc has for now granted 29,699.
67 sqft of tdr out of a possible 1,37,353.
80 sqft that can be attained on birla house, sources confirmed.
the property is spread across 58,257 sqft.
with heritage tdr rates hovering around the rs 15,000-rs 16,000 per sqft mark, this would translate to tdr to the extent of 168 per cent of plot area, approximately rs 150 crore in value, officials said.
watch what else is making newsgovernment sources said though the civic body has granted fsi of 3 on the property, birla will be restrained to the eligible zonal tdr corresponding to an fsi of 1.
33 if he is unable to meet the conditions including proving that the property is a cessed building and obtaining a no-objection certificate from the police as the property is attached.
birla house was a grade-iii heritage site, now accorded grade ii status.
he is entitled for compensation for not being allowed to redevelop on his heritage property and a zonal (basic) fsi of 1.
33 has been initially granted to birla in phase i. currently, the consumed fsi or built-up area at the property is at about 35,445.
852 sqfeet, an official said.
another rider is that birla will have to seek a no-objection certificate from mhada, which will certify the tenancy of the property.
an noc from the eow is also crucial for birla, main accused in the eow case.
other than birla house, the eow in its chargesheet has listed nine other moveable and immoveable properties worth rs 687.
72 crore.
birla house is valued at rs 425.
50 crore, officials said.
we are paying back our depositors through this tdr (on birla house) or the sale of some other properties, the first contention is to pay back depositors, anant vardhan, president, corporate affairs and communication, yash birla group, told the indian express over the phone when contacted.
yash birla, officials said, had earlier approached the civic body with a plan to raise money by parting with a portion of the unutilised development potential of the property.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , in september last year, directed mumbai municipal commissioner ajoy mehta to examine whether heritage tdr could be sanctioned for the property and to further determine the extent to which it could be granted, if admissible.
the bmc has now referred the matter to mhada for tenancy certification, said mehta.
s s zende, vice-president of maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada), told the indian express that he was approached by birla earlier this week.
about two days ago he (yash birla) and his architect met him and had applied for an noc.
they told me of the development in the case.
the matter has now been referred to the repair and reconstruction board of mhada, zende said, adding that it will take at least a week more until a decision is made in the matter to grant an noc.
senior officials claimed once funds are raised from the acquired property, the money is likely to be parked with the eow, who will further disburse the money to the investors.
pravin salunkhe, joint commissioner of police (eow), was not available for comment.
prime minister narendra modis office has intimated the rashtrapati bhavan that the cabinet expansion will take place tuesday.
prime minister narendra modis office has intimated the rashtrapati bhavan that the cabinet expansion will take place tuesday.
prime minister narendra modi will on tuesday reshuffle his council of ministers at a ceremony to be held at rashtrapati bhavan.
the function, on tuesday, will take place at 11 am, days ahead of pm modis four-nation tour of africa.
the reshuffle is important as the government needs to fill vacancies before the commencement of the monsoon session of parliament that begins july 18.
according to sources, with elections in uttar pradesh due in march next year, the reshuffle is expected to boost several leaders from the bjp, and its allies in uttar pradesh.
watch video: whats making newsapna dal leader anupriya patel and bjp mp from saharnapur raghav lakhanpal are likley to be among the fresh faces in the cabinet.
last week, the prime minister and bjp president amit shah had a closed-door meeting that lasted over three hours where it was understood that the two leaders discussed the reshuffle as well as a rejig in the party organisation.
also read: amid cabinet reshuffle buzz, fadnavis, gadkari meet bhagwatinterestingly, in nagpur, the headquarters of the rss, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis as well as union minister nitin gadkari separately met with organisation chief mohan bhagwat.
while it was not known what the meetings were about, sources indicate that the two leaders discussed the cabinet reshuffle both at the centre and at the state-level.
the last cabinet reshuffle took place in november 2014.
uddhav thackeray at a rally in kandivli (e) on wednesday.
amit chakravarty uddhav thackeray at a rally in kandivli (e) on wednesday.
amit chakravartythe shiv sena, which snapped its alliance with the bjp for the civic polls in mumbai would now seek to forge a grouping of regional parties, excluding the congress, to take on the bjp across the country, party president uddhav thackeray said wednesday.
in an interview to the indian express, thackeray said, looking at the current political scenario, i think there is a need to forge an alliance of all regional parties across the country.
often, national parties do not respect the states pride and they send their party activists as governors, impose upon the people a chief minister of their choice, and then the government is run based on their wishes.
watch video | congress demands apology from pm modi over his remarks against dr manmohan singhsometimes decisions made by these people are against the states pride.
thats why it is necessary to form an alliance of regional parties now.
asked whether the sena would take the first step to promote such an alternative front, he said, i can take initiative but others will have to respond to it.
the minimum common program will be the regional pride and nations interest.
after calling off seat-sharing talks with the bjp, the senas partner for close to two decades in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation, thackeray has been attacking prime minister narendra modi and the bjp-led central government at every rally of the party ahead of the mumbai civic polls.
highlighting his partys opposition to demonetisation, he has been reminding modi of the 2014 poll-time promise of depositing rs 15 lakh into the accounts of people after bringing back black money parked abroad.
thackeray has also been criticising modi and bjp for their failure to deliver on the promise to build ram temple in ayodhya.
he will now campaign for the sena in the uttar pradesh polls, and will perform a ganga aarati in varanasi  the pms lok sabha constituency.
thackeray also challenged the bjp on the alliance partners demand for more transparency in the functioning of bmc by asking the union government to invite the lokpal to cabinet meetings.
the note ban has damaged indias reputation at the international level.
people think those having black money are lining up before the banks.
nobody is telling us precisely who took the decision on demonetisation.
so we also need a lokpal in the union cabinet, he said.
watch video | pm narendra modis scathing attack at congress in lok sabha: heres what he saidon the senas recent move to contest polls in up and goa, and on forging alliance with an rss rebel in goa and patidar leader hardik patel in gujarat, the sena president said people were not surprised when the bjp took a similar step.
people feel surprised when they see the sena with hardik or mamata.
but why cant they feel the same when the bjp is with mufti mohammed or nawaz sharif or omi kalani.
there was a time when the saadhus, mahants and shankaracharyas used to be with the bjp on the dais to give blessings.
nowadays their definition of parivartan has changed, he said.
thackeray also clarified that though hardik patel visited his residence matoshree, there was no discussion on polls.
he had expressed his desire to come to matoshree.
so i suggested he should come on january 23, the birth anniversary of balasaheb, due to the emotional bond.
but, somehow, he could not come then, he said.
being anti-modi would not be the criterion the sena would be looking for to tie up with anyone, said thackeray.
wherever possible, the sena will contest polls for the rights of the sons of the soil, he said, adding that leaders such as naveen patnaik, mamata banerjee, jayalalithaa and nitish kumar withdrew their support to the bjp and then won polls in their respective states.
it is because the people have realised that the bjp is not trustworthy and it betrays people, said the sena chief.
asked why the sena has put chief minister devendrafadnavis on notice period instead of just quitting the government, he said, mumbai polls and zilla parishad polls are coming.
let these things settle first.
we will then take a call.
on the prospects of mid-term polls in the state, thackeray said this would depend on the bjps approach to its partner in the government.
farmers flock the nashik apmc on wednesday, a day before a strike called by farmers to stop supply of vegetables to cities and markets in the state.
mayur bargaje farmers flock the nashik apmc on wednesday, a day before a strike called by farmers to stop supply of vegetables to cities and markets in the state.
mayur bargajeeight days into their strike, farmers in maharashtra on thursday decided to resume supplies of produce to agriculture produce market committees (apmcs) across the state.
the decision was taken at a meeting of the core committee of farmers in nashik.
the committee also issued an ultimatum that they would hold sit-ins in front of all government offices on june 12 and block rail and road traffic across the state on june 13 if the state government did not convene a meeting with it in the next two days.
the committee said it would not allow any minster to hold any kind of function in the state until then.
for seven days, our brethren have suffered.
we now need to change our strategy and find a different way to take this movement ahead.
this agitation will continue until farmers in the state get complete loan waiver.
however, farmers will now resume supply of produce to markets, said dr ajit nawle, member of the core committee set up by farmers.
the committee, comprising leaders such as mp raju shetti, mla bacchu kadu, mlc jayant patil and various representatives of farmers bodies, was set up after the protesting farmers disagreed with the previous leaders of the agitation who met chief minister devendrafadnavis last week and called off the strike.
stating that the agitation would continue, the new committee had announced that it would meet in nashik on june 8 to chart its strategy.
while farmers had earlier claimed that they wanted the new agitation to be apolitical, without the help or interference of any political parties, three mlas and an mp were part of the meeting on thursday.
peasants and workers party mlc jayant patil said that if their demands were not met, farmers would ensure that the water supply to mumbai would be cut.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra government has now made it mandatory for those planning to erect a statue of national or local icons and leaders to submit a clearance from the police, stating clearly that any minority community living in the locality or the local residents are not opposed to the move.
the precondition, imposed by the general administration department headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis , comes four months after an incident involving pulling down of a statue of marathi poet and playwright ram ganesh gadkari at punes shambhaji udyan.
on january 3, workers of the shambhaji brigade had pulled down the statue, claiming that gadkaris books painted shambhaji maharaj in poor light.
a no-objection letter from the police specifying that minority communities and local citizens are not opposed to the statue would have to be attached along with the application for erecting the statue, the governments new policy for erection of statues in maharashtra states.
the policy guidelines released tuesday also state that the local police will have to ascertain that installation of any statue will not lead to escalation of local or communal tension.
the guidelines also prohibit installation of the statue of a particular icon or a leader within 2 km of an existing statue of the same person.
besides the police noc, those erecting the statue would also require a separate noc from the urban or the rural local body stating that the project wont impact traffic movement and local aesthetics.
fadnavis has decentralised powers to approve installation of statues at the collector level.
justice pradeep nandrajog was sworn in as the new chief justice of the bombay high court by governor vidyasagar rao, in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis , at raj bhavan on sunday.
advertisinghe was elevated as the chief justice of rajasthan high court on april 2, 2017.
the union ministry of law and justice, in a notification on march 31, said, in exercise of powers conferred by clause (1) of article 222 of the constitution of india, the president after consultation with the chief justice of india, is pleased to transfer shri justice pradeep nandrajog, chief justice of rajasthan high court; as chief justice of bombay high court and to direct him to assume charge of the office of chief justice of the bombay high court after retirement, on 06 april 2019, of shri justice naresh harishchandra patil, present chief justice of bombay high court.
the collegium, led by chief justice of india (cji) ranjan gogoi, had taken the decision to transfer justice nandrajog to the bombay high court in the interest of better administration of justice since the office of the chief justice would have fallen vacant after justice naresh patil retired on april 6.
born on february 24, 1958, chief justice nandrajog graduated from delhi university (du) in 1978.
he went on to get a bachelors in law from du in 1981 and was enrolled as an advocate with the bar council of delhi the same year.
advertisinghis practice of law included arbitration, commercial, service, election, land revenue, company and miscellaneous writ matters.
he was a counsel for the municipal corporation of delhi for six years and a counsel for the election commission of the government of nct delhi for two years.
he was elevated as an additional judge of the delhi high court on december 20, 2002, and became a permanent judge on april 16, 2004.
b'bjp president amit shah and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray held marathon meeting at matoshree at bandra east.
bjp president amit shah and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray held marathon meeting at matoshree at bandra east.
amid strained relations between warring allies bjp and shiv sena, bjp chief amit shah had an unexpectedly long meeting with shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, lasting nearly two-and-a-half hours, at the thackeray residence, matoshree, in bandra (east) on wednesday.
shah, along with chief minister devendrafadnavis , reached matoshree around 7.
45 pm and left at 10.
05 pm.
read | sampark for samarthan: bjp president meets madhuri, ratan tatasources said uddhav, along with his son and sena leader aaditya, welcomed shah and fadnavis.
initially, all the four held formal discussions and then uddhav and shah had a closed-door meeting that lasted over an hour, said a source.
neither sena nor bjp leaders confirmed the details of what was discussed at the meeting.
sources said the bjp reiterated its stand that a sena-bjp alliance would help both parties in the 2019 polls.
the meeting is seen to be significant as the bjp and the sena have been bickering despite being allies at the central and state level.
the two allies contested the may 28 bypoll to the palghar lok sabha constituency in maharashtra separately and engaged in a bitter campaign against each other.
b'chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)each property in maharashtras cities and towns will soon have a unique identification number.
to bring more properties under the property tax net, chief minister devendrafadnavis urban development department has decided to implement a gis-enabled tax tracking system across all cities on a priority basis.
while the maharashtra cabinet on tuesday approved a proposal to spend rs 280 crore for the implementation of the new tracking system in the 21 smaller municipalities, catering to a population of 1 lakh to 5 lakh, and 357 municipal councils, manisha mhaiskar, principal secretary, urban development, said that directives would separately be issued to the bigger municipalities to undertake the measure on a priority basis.
officials said that the plan was to evolve a digital database of all urban properties.
using remote sensing devices and drones, the government is also planning to obtain data on the extent of use and the current user of these properties.
a mobile tax-tracking application will later be developed.
around 30 per cent of the properties in emerging towns are yet to come under the tax net, officials estimate.
in bigger cities, the percentage of those outside the tax ambit could be even larger, said officials.
under the atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation (amrut), the narendra modi government has directed states to bring 90 per cent of properties in urban agglomerates under the tax net by 2019.
the whole idea is to enhance tax collections of urban local bodies without burdening the taxpayers.
this would reduce their overall dependence of central and state grants for development activities, a senior official said.
the maharashtra remote sensing application centre, nagpur, has already been appointed as a nodal agency for the reform.
officials said tenders for appointing independent agencies to carry out the mapping work in cities will be issued soon.
each property will have a unique gis-enabled identity once the mapping has been carried out, said an official.
the government has projected doubling of the property tax revenues of smaller urban bodies once the reform is implemented.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday cancelled the final lap of his mahajanadesh yatra, scheduled for dhule and nandurbar on august 9, due to the grave flood situation in kolhapur and sangli districts.
advertisingthe chief minister, who started the mahajanadesh yatra on august 1, was to conclude the first phase on august 9.
the second phase of the yatra is scheduled between august 17 and august 31.
on friday, the cm was to hold public rallies and roadshows at dhule, dondaich, sindkheda, sahada and nandurbar.
sujitsingh thakur, chief coordinator of the yatra and bjp general secretary, said fadnavis cancelled the yatra following the floods.
on thursday, the cm visited the flood-hit kolhapur and sangli districts.
he held a series of meetings to scale up the rescue and relief operations.
advertisingfadnaviss yatra had to be called off on wednesday and thursday too, following the death of former union minister sushma swaraj.
fadnavis on wednesday was to visit akola, balapur, shegaon, khamgaon, nandura, malkapur, bodwad and jammer.
on thursday, he was due to travel across jamner, bhusawal, jalgaon, dharangaon, amalner and dhule.
due to the cancellation, the cm will not be able to visit 13 assembly constituencies.
fadnavis speaks to yediyurappafadnavis on thursday spoke to karnataka cm bs yediyurappa, who has agreed to release 5 lakh cusecs water from almatti dam.
this will help bring down water levels in sangli.
union home minister amit shah too has spoken to fadnavis, assuring assistance to tackle the flood situation in maharashtra.
fadnavis said, let us unveil the vastness of the bjp to the last worker.
the convergence of five lakh people at one spot is not about headcounts or power play.
it depicts the vastness of the organisation, which has been build over the years.
explaining the reason behind mobilising the grassroots to walk all the way to the countrys commercial capital, he said, a humble worker, who is silently confined to his/her booth in a distant village or hamlet and carrying out the work for the organisation will get a glimpse of the vastness of the party as they transcend their boundaries to participate in the maha rally at the bjp foundation day.
drawing an analogy from the mahabharat, fadnavis referred to his earlier promise of convening a mammoth rally at mumbai.
he said, in mahabharat, lord krishna had to show the great warrior arjun the vastness before taking him to the battlefield.
similarly, every worker across 90,000 booths, spread across maharashtra, has an able warrior ready to take on the big battle.
but when they come to mumbai and see the vastness of the organisation, it would work magic, he said.
in the state, there are a total 90,000 booths.
in each booth there are at least 10 to 20 workers.
the foremost task is to reach out to the people door-to-door in their assigned areas, he said.
according to political managers in the bjp, the decision to organise the biggest rally at mumbai can be traced to the historical past.
the central leadership of the party, led by prime minister narendra modi and party president amit shah, believes that maharashtra will lead the nation towards rebuilding new india in 2019.
a senior leader said, maharashtra has seen the biggest political challenges and administrative reforms from maratha rallies to rs 23,000 crore farm-loan waiver for the 67 lakh farmers.
therefore, top leadership in the bjp believes, the mammoth rally in the financial capital will power the process of political momentum for bjp.
prime minister narendra modi will address a public rally in nashik on september 19, on the concluding day of chief minister devendrafadnavis three-phase mahajanadesh yatra.
advertisingthe third phase of the cms public outreach campaign will commence from september 13 from akole in ahmednagar district.
yatra coordinator sujit singh thakur said, during the third phase, fadnavis will travel 13 districts and covering 60 assembly segments and 1,528 km.
the first two phases were held at vidarbha and marathwada region.
eva svedling at the welingkar institute of management in matunga.
amit chakravarty eva svedling at the welingkar institute of management in matunga.
amit chakravartyenvironment protection was at the heart of a meeting between the maharashtra state and swedish deputy minister of environment and climate change eva svedling on tuesday.
efficient waste management systems and cleaner transport facilities were the top agenda, said svedling who engaged in a policy dialogue with chief minister devendrafadnavis and environment minister ramdas kadam.
sweden, a global leader in sustainable development, is intent on sharing its experience as well as technology with maharashtra, said svedling, who was in mumbai to discuss climate policy and potential collaboration with the state on climate change and sustainable environmental solutions.
she said that sweden has vast experience in the fields of waste management and adapting to renewable energy.
through this visit we will share our experiences with maharashtra and engage in policy dialogue, said svedling.
sweden and swedish businesses are ready to work with india on the important transformation taking place, when it comes to smart and healthy cities, renewable energy and more, said svedling adding that swedish companies offer attractive solutions in smart energy, urban transportation, waste management and air quality.
according to the minister, cleaner transport system was one of the biggest challenges for both the countries.
she emphasised on the importance of a policy framework dedicated to sustainable development in line with swedens new climate law.
the scandinavian country has introduced a new climate law which aims at attaining a goal of zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2045 and a 70 percent cut to emissions in the domestic transport sector by 2030.
while speaking of technology exchange, svedling said that sweden had excelled in the field of renewable energy with the country now generating around 80 percent of its energy through renewable resources.
swedens waste-to-energy model and its increased dependency on hydroelectric energy are some of the things that india could adopt, she said.
during her one-day visit, svedling visited the deonar dumping yard to understand the collaboration potential in maharashtra.
priyanka.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)maharashtra government will soon initiate a pension scheme for journalists in the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis told the legislative council on friday.
fadnavis was responding to a calling attention motion moved by the congress member sanjay dutt.
the government is positive about a pension scheme for journalists and is studying the pension schemes of other states who are implementing them.
we will soon be initiating it (scheme) in our state as well, the chief minister said.
earlier, dutt demanded that the government introduce a pension scheme for journalists before the monsoon session of the state legislature.
dutt said that several states, including smaller ones like goa, jharkhand, arunachal pradesh etc.
are giving pension to journalists, apart from delhi.
why maharashtra cannot do so, he asked.
dutt demanded that a corpus fund be allocated for the purpose and that interest accumulated on it can be utilised towards payment of the monthly pension to journos.
he also asked the government to ensure effective implementation of the journalist protection act once it is approved by the state legislature.
the maharashtra cabinet on thursday gave its approval to the draft bill on the law prohibiting attacks on journalists (journalists protection act).
b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file)the mumbai unit of the congress on wednesday alleged a scam in expenses on tea served at chief minister devendrafadnavis office and claimed that there has been an unusual rise in the amount spent on it.
thecms office clarified saying the expenses include tea and breakfast at various government offices and not just at thecm secretariat.
sanjay nirupam, president of the mumbai congress, alleged that the information received under the right to information (rti) shows that the amount spent on tea at the cmo has risen from rs 57.
99 lakhs in 2015-16 to rs 3.
34 crores in 2017-18.
there is a dramatic increase of 577 percent that shows that on an average 18,591 cups of tea are served in the cms office in a day, alleged nirupam.
on one hand, the prime minister takes great pride in saying he once sold tea.
fadnavis has taken this a bit too far since the chai he is drinking cannot be sold at a regular tea stall.
both the pm and the maharashtra cm are taking the country for a ride in the name of chai, nirupam said.
the cmo said the expenses include tea and breakfast at sadhyadri guest house, varsha bungalow and a few other offices in nagpur.
besides, there has been an increase in the people visiting the chief ministers office in recent past.
it also includes expenses on tea served to dignitaries from foreign countries, delegations of industrialistsand others, the cmos clarification added.
a 32-year-old bus driver, mistaken to be a thief and thrashed in maharashtras palghar district, has succumbed to his injuries at a hospital in gujarat, police said on tuesday.
advertisingsix people have been booked in connection with the incident, palghar police spokesperson hemant katkar said.
the victim, ranjit pandey, was standing near a bus in boisar area on august 21 when some people there suspected that he intended to steal the vehicles battery and deflate its tyres, he said.
they then caught hold of pandey and thrashed him severely, he said.
advertisingbadly injured, pandey was rushed to a local hospital.
he was later shifted to a hospital in neighbouring valsad district of gujarat where he died on sunday, he said.
the boisar police on monday booked six people  anwar garagewalla, his brother mintu, two accomplices and two friends of the latter  under indian penal code sections 302 (murder), 143 and 149 (unlawful assembly) and 147 (rioting).
no arrest has been made so far, he added.
several incidents of mob fury have come to light from various places across the county in recent times.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday termed lynching an inhuman act and called for stern action against perpetrators of such crimes.
b'ten cities  including the megapolis mumbai, thane and pune  are slated to elect corporators for the next five years.
(illustration by c r sasikumar) ten cities  including the megapolis mumbai, thane and pune  are slated to elect corporators for the next five years.
(illustration by c r sasikumar)massive defections, the obsession of all the political parties to field criminals and the unabashed display of wealth  even after demonetisation  were among the highlights of the just-concluded electioneering in 10 municipal corporations across maharashtra.
the exercise underlines how miserably we have failed in urban governance.
ten cities  including the megapolis mumbai, thane and pune  are slated to elect corporators for the next five years.
the fact that a fourth of the states 288-member legislative assembly comes from these cities explains the importance of these elections.
maharashtra has been witnessing rapid urbanisation making these elections all the more important.
of the 10 municipal corporations, mumbai, needless to say, is the largest and wealthiest not only in maharashtra, but in the country.
with an annual budget of around rs 40,000 crore, mumbais budget is more than that of six states in the country  not including the tiny seven northeastern sisters.
so it is not surprising that the city witnessed a fierce battle with the shiv sena and bjp, partners for 25 years, pitted against each other.
the elections brought out the worst in every party, including the bjp.
watch video | bmc elections 2017: polling begins across maharashtra, mns chief raj thackeray casts his voteclick here for live updates from the bmc elections | click here for live updates from pmc electionstake, for example, the number of criminals in the fray.
a detailed report compiled by two prominent non-government organisations, the association for democratic reforms (adr) and the maharashtra election watch (mew), indicates that about 220 candidates, of the total 2,275, contesting the 224-member brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) elections have criminal cases against them.
the two ngos analysed 1,641 of the 2,275 candidates affidavits obtained from the state election commission.
of the 220, 154 candidates have serious criminal charges like assault, murder and kidnap against them.
the shiv sena tops the list: twenty-eight of its candidates face serious criminal charges.
following in its footsteps is its off-shoot the maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) with 22 such candidates.
the congress and ncp have fielded 16 such candidates and the bjp is not far behind with 14 such candidates.
the report also notes that some candidates have multiple cases against them.
for instance, a shiv sena candidate in mumbai has as many as 12 criminal cases against him.
these cases include extortion, cheating and rioting, another contender, who represents the mns, has six cases against him.
outside mumbai, in areas in neighbouring ulhasnagar, the ruling bjp has done the honours by roping in the convicted criminal pappu kalanis clan.
it isnt also shy of fielding a number of candidates who have been accused in various corruption and criminal cases.
interview with devendra fadnavis: transparency to remain non-negotiable in sena-bjp alliance after pollswhen it comes to spending, the bjp tops the list.
it has flooded the media space  electronic and print  and also has the maximum number of hoardings and posters on highways, railway stations and airports across the state.
all bjp posters have chief minister devendrafadnavis accompanying a smiling pm narendra modi reminding voters about corruption-free (cashless too?
) elections.
the party has officially expressed its pleasure that it has fielded the least number of candidates with serious criminal charges.
the presence of a large number of candidates with criminal records highlights one important point: the failure of the existing model of running our urban centres where a majority of people are completely indifferent to administration of their city.
citizens are likely to know the name of the mp of their area but many would be least bothered to find out who their corporator or nagarsevak is.
as cities witness more and more ghettoisation  where the rich and influential prefer to live  the disconnect gets stark.
it should also be noted that for a large number of people, the only connect to the government is through one document, the passport.
this leaves our cities at the mercy of uniformed, uneducated nagarsevaks.
they are mostly hand-in-glove with contractors and officials who, in the absence of citizens participation, find easy ways to make money.
it suits political parties too; for them, such weak municipal bodies serve as money-making machines.
the ongoing elections in maharashtra tells us how miserably the current model has failed.
it has failed in running cities and it has defeated the democratic spirit as well.
its time we evolve a mechanism where people in urban areas are allowed to participate in managing the cities they live in.
this can be achieved by two amendments: one by allowing citizens to elect their mayor directly, and two, by allowing this elected mayor to select a team of experts to handle various responsibilities such as health, sanitation and transport.
this mayoral committee shall work with a state-appointed official, called municipal commissioner, and shall be accountable to the local citizen and the state government unlike the current situation where accountability is not fixed.
this will also encourage citizen participation in local issues.
as of now, cities have only two ways to generate their resources  property tax and water supply charges.
these are meagre to say the least.
the proposed changes will also encourage citizens to find more ways to fill up municipal coffers because it will be the mayoral committees responsibility to keep the body financially healthy and replenished.
it will not be surprising if these suggestions are dubbed naive and impractical.
however, its high time we open a debate to find efficient and inclusive ways to run our municipal bodies.
because cities are too important to be left to corporators.
in a few weeks, tie (the indus entrepreneurs) pune, an organisation that fosters entrepreneurs, will open applications for start-ups under its nurture programme.
more than 75 start-ups have emerged from this programme, which is a rigorous mentoring initiative of six months that guides start-ups into becoming more effective and success driven.
a report, titled pune 2.
0: the startup hub, released by kpmg and tie pune in april, showed that this city contributes only two per cent to the start-up presence in india.
bengaluru, on the other hand, leads with 25 per cent and delhi boasts of a 21 per cent share.
advertisingi think the time has come to welcome pune in its new avatar  pune 2.
0, where the city is poised to emerge as the next big thing in the start-up world, writes chief minister devendrafadnavis , in the foreword of the report.
as nurture looks towards start-ups, which will bring about this change, vineet patni, charter member and chair, tiecon pune, and mandar joshi, executive director, tie pune, talks about the start-up ecosystem in pune.
excerpts from the interview:what are the kind of start-ups that are doing well in the city?
vineet patni (vp): in tiecon pune, we have had a mixed view on this topic.
but the three areas we saw were autotech, edutech and agrotech.
the ai (artificial intelligence) space or data analytics have progressed and are cutting across sectors.
i feel that, over time, you will start to see pune raising a lot of start-ups that will be outside the two or three conventional areas.
advertisingmandar joshi (mj): the success stories that we have seen in nurture also include start-ups that are working on social causes.
mobile toilets, waste management start-ups are doing well at the time because the government is looking at supporting such initiatives under swachh bharat abhiyan.
the government cannot, sometimes, reach the nook and corners so these start-ups can reach such areas.
the internet of things (iot) and services remain punes strength.
pune is lagging behind in the start-up sector.
how has big industry contributed to this?
vp: if you look at silicon valley, a lot of larger companies have start-ups that end up co-solving problems with them and they start showing a significant growth.
somewhere, we missed out on the innovation but we have all the ingredients to drive it up and grow.
many large groups such as bajaj, the poonawallas, the kalyanis and kirloskar have set up here.
some of them have made it big and some of them have missed the large wave.
infosys, tata motors and wipro have a large number of employees in pune.
they need start-ups to solve their problems.
a lot of companies could come in, take part and themselves compete for the future growth of the market.
most big corporations and family firms in the city havent actually benefited from the start-up boom.
my message to them is that they havent done enough and it is time that they jumped on the bandwagon and became a part of the future story of india.
one of the reasons pune has lagged behind is access to funding.
how do you plan to remedy this?
vp: lack of capital is an issue.
we have approached the government to invest in start-up villages.
the government is already moving forward in terms of putting together a plan, but in addition to that we need to get some of the best venture capital to look at the best start-ups in pune.
tie pune has started engaging with capital providers at different levels, whether it is at the start-up level, angel level or the next level.
this is also where the government has to play a role in getting international payers to not only invest, but also enable customers to consume the product.
if we are able to get customers for start-ups, thats the best way to get capital.
let the customer pay for the product.
i think a lot of start-ups are struggling there.
one of the reasons for punes slow growth is the lack of infrastructure.
what is the infrastructure required?
vp: the hyper-loop project is starting to pick up.
pune needs a good quality airport.
transport, connectivity and roads are important.
one of the things that is important is a concept of a start-up village, where you could have companies such as amazon, google, microsoft and kpmg.
companies that have 50 to 500 people can be there and work on shared services.
so, you actually reduce the cost significantly, give them access to what services they meet and create access to clients.
you also need to create multiple locations for innovation.
i have been travelling overseas and have been seeing start-up villages created for healthcare, ai and other problems that people have.
the response from the government to our message has been positive and we do see some quick solutions coming up in the near future.
institutions and colleges also need to provide the right platforms for driving innovation.
mj: as the infrastructure and roads are developed and the metro comes in, there will be some start-ups that will develop such as cleanliness and safety majors.
the poonawallas have come up in a big way into cleaning up the city.
that is a csr (corporate social responsibility) project.
there will be start-ups that will require some funding as well as customers.
i feel the government is itself a big customer for start-ups.
pune city connect or pune smart city are actually connecting with start-ups to come up with products that will help them bring out certain infra development in a region.
what are the elements that can drive future growth?
vp: if you look at punes automobile sector, you will see a massive industry.
there is agrotech and we notice a huge momentum in healthcare.
what do you need for a startup  talent pool, people to come in and invest, infrastructure and connectivity.
from the infrastructure perspective, pune is good but there is a lot more investment that we are asking the government to put in.
there is, obviously, the proximity to mumbai.
connectivity to the global hub is fantastic and pune is an education hub and has the capability to provide significant talent.
how does the nurture programme help the market?
mj: tie pune charter members come forward and commit time to mentoring start-up companies selected for the programme.
we have completed seven seasons of nurture.
they take selected start-ups from point a to point b. whatever stage a start-up is at, we help them scale up by solving problems they are facing.
of course, every stage will come with challenges for them but these seasoned entrepreneurs as mentors make a lot of difference.
we are not advisers or consultants but purely mentoring with only one expectation: to enable the mentee company to grow.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file)maharashtra and singapore have constituted a joint committee to work in core areas, like affordable housing, airport development and urban infrastructure.
the decision was taken in mumbai on wednesday at a meeting between chief minister devendrafadnavis and singapores minister for industry and commerce, s iswaran.
both sides were represented by senior officers and detailed plans and presentations were made and discussed.
after the meeting, a memorandum of understanding (mou) was signed between the pune metropolitan region development authority (pmrda) and singapores surbana jurong for creating a master plan to tackle urban challenges and development of pune city.
the greenfield airport at purandar in pune is set to have services and expertise of singapores changi airport.
fadnavis who attended the meeting said: the constitution of a joint committee is an important milestone.
through joined collaboration and focusing on common areas for development and growth, we have deliberated on the broad parameters and signed mou.
although singapore is small country, it has set an example of a development model.
the planning and development that has led to progress in the country is an inspiration for all of us.
we are determined to engage and collaborate  with greater urban planning in maharashtra in several core sectors.
he added: we look at pune as the development growth engineminister iswaran said: singapore and maharashtra joint collaboration will be important for pursuing many projects.
it will help in strengthening our relations and transformation of lives.
fadnavis and district guardian minister girish bapat in mumbai on saturday.
express fadnavis and district guardian minister girish bapat in mumbai on saturday.
expressfacing opposition from farmers over acquisition of land for the proposed mumbai-nagpur super expressway corridor, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday rolled out a bouquet of options for farmers and landowners whose plots are proposed to be acquired for setting up an international airport near pune.
the package includes a provision under which, landowners can opt to become stakeholders in the project.
the airport project for which, six-seven families in punes purandar taluka will be required to give land, has been caught over rumblings on the acquisition model.
previous attempts made by the pune collectors office and the maharashtra airport development corporation (madc) to demarcate the land have met with stiff resistance from the local people.
with the government keen on avoiding another face-off, fadnavis offered a host of options as compensation for the project-hit families, including one where a landowner can opt to become a stakeholder in the project.
officials said that keralas kochi airport had successfully implemented a land aggregration model where landowners were made stakeholders in the project.
the landowners will also have the option of availing the compensation partly in cash and the rest in the form of developed land on the lines of the model used by the andhra pradesh government for its airport development.
the third option offered to the landowners is to avail cash compensation as per the land act.
an option of trading of land required for the project with another developed land parcel will also be offered, sources revealed.
the land owners will have the option to choose any one of the four compensation packages, said an official communication issued by the government, following the meeting on saturday.
in a bid to expedite the project work, pune collector saurabh rao had earlier submitted a proposal with details of the four options and resources that would be needed to exercise each of them.
fadnavis said there was a dire need for an international airport near pune.
in 2015-16, there was a 29 per cent increase in the number of flyers from pune district, he said.
however, a group of locals from the village that will lose land to the airport project is still opposing the acquisition.
datta dhurange, president of the group vimantal virodhi sangharsh samiti, which is opposing the land acquisition for the airport, said that farmers were not forthcoming in offering their land despite a compensation package.
theres not a single project in which the government has satisfied affected landowners completely.
the land that they want to acquire is irrigated land where farmers have been growing orchards and vegetables for decades.
the government and madc never held any deliberation with the farmers and all decisions, including the latest one about compensation, were taken arbitrarily.
the government should shift the project to a government-owned land or to the area that was acquired for sez.
we wont agree to land acquisition despite the packages, said dhurange.
around 2,000 hectares needed for the airport project will come from the seven villages of pargaon, udachiwadi, vanpuri, kumbarvan, ekhatpur, manjauri and khanvari.
of this, 1,000 hectares will be needed for the core airport area, about 550 hectres would be required for fringe areas and around 330 hectres would be developed land to be returned to the farmers, officials said.
while six sites were in the zone of consideration for the airport project, the airports authority of india (aai) has approved the purandar site based on technical suitability.
in order to prevent flooding of the dahisar river and other water bodies in the r central ward, the bmc has begun desilting of major and minor nallahs in the area as part of its pre-monsoon preparations.
advertisingin august 2017, several cars of residents along the banks of the river were swept away after heavy flooding during monsoon.
assistant commissioner of the ward, ramakant biradar, said nearly 45 per cent of desilting work of major and minor nallahs in the area has been completed and they have set may 30 as the deadline to complete all work.
the east boundary of the ward extends up to sanjay gandhi national park, west boundary up to gorai, north boundary up to devidas lane in borivali and south boundary till borsapada, kandivali.
advertisingactivist and bjp party worker vikram chogale said that shri krishna nagar, shanti van and abhinav nagar are the most flood-affected areas because of the narrow width of the river as it passes ahead of shri nagar bridge.
concrete walls built by the bmc on both sides of the river have started to create a bottleneck, which force water to flow above the walls during high pressure.
in such case, a gabion wall becomes important, he said.
a gabion wall is a cage filled with rocks and concrete, mainly used for soil stabilisation.
from the origin point of the 12-km river (near kanheri caves), adivasis still drink water directly from the water body.
a total of 5 km of the river falls inside the premises of the sanjay gandhi national park, popular for boating activities.
the river used to protect civilisation and several movies have been shot here.
however, over the period time, the river has become so polluted that it is often referred to as a nallah, says activist gopal jhaveri, a member of river march, a peoples movement towards drawing governments attention to rivers.
interestingly, a video titled mumbai river anthem, featuring citys dahisar river along with poisar, oshiwara and mithi rivers, went viral on the internet last year.
however, the work of river rejuvenation on ground is yet to be implemented.
released in february last year, the video has a song sung by amruta fadnavis, the wife of chief minister devendrafadnavis , along with singer sonu nigam.
the song also features the chief minister, state finance minister sudhir mungantiwar, bmc chief ajoy mehta and former mumbai police commissioner datta padsalgikar joining the appeal to save the rivers.
outside sngp premises, an effluent treatment plant has been set up to treat water that passes from the nearby dhobi ghat area.
a private cowshed, which houses over 2,500 animals, along the route remains a major problem since dead animal bodies and solid waste are found released from the shed, says jhaveri.
to this, biradar said that cowsheds had been issued notices and the process of evacuation would take about four months to complete.
dahisar mla manisha chaudhary told the indian express, we have been successful in building nearly five dams of kolhapuri pattern.
about 90 per cent work of building a protection wall from bmcs jurisdiction area is complete.
the tender for a sewage line is in process.
the tenders for construction of two foot overbridges over sewage line are also out.
the rehabilitation of people of shanti nagar slums has been pending because of a court matter, besides indira nagar and sainath nagar remain to be looked after.
the work of beautification will start after resolving these issues, said chaudhary.
unwilling to backtrack, thackeray said, we would like the cm to explain to us the meaning of saam, daam, dand, bhed.
we are willing to join the marathi language classes of fadnavis.
(express photo by nirmal harindran) unwilling to backtrack, thackeray said, we would like the cm to explain to us the meaning of saam, daam, dand, bhed.
we are willing to join the marathi language classes of fadnavis.
(express photo by nirmal harindran)the war of words between chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray continued on sunday over the controversial audio clip.
fadnavis on sunday provided the entire 14-minute audio clip of his address to party workers to the state election commission.
in the audio clip, released by thackeray at a rally in palghar on friday night, fadnavis is purportedly heard asking bjp workers to use saam, daam, dand, bhed (negotiation, money, punishment and division) to win the may 28 bypoll.
fadnavis has said his words have been distorted.
on sunday, fadnavis said, i have always maintained that there cannot be any justification for any wrongdoing by anybody.
if there is anything objectionable in the clipping, action should be taken against me.
at the same time, the same rule should apply to my political rivals.
if there is nothing objectionable in the clip, thackeray should also be subjected to action for making baseless allegations.
he said, i have already explained my stand on the issue.
i dont need to define what is meant by saam, daam, dand, bhed.
everybody knows.
moreover, i would like to reiterate that it was selectively used by distorting the facts and reference to context.
unwilling to backtrack, thackeray said, we would like the cm to explain to us the meaning of saam, daam, dand, bhed.
we are willing to join the marathi language classes of fadnavis.
fadnavis said, i am sure everybody understood by what i meant.
it is crystal clear.
however, one can always wake up a person who is sleeping.
but what does one do about those who pretend they are sleeping.
earlier, the congress along with local leaders lodged a complaint with the election commission.
congress spokesperson sachin sawant said, we have filed our complaint with the election commission.
we want the ec to look into the objectionable speech of the cm and take action.
and if its not proved, they should act against sena president.
the bjp owes its success in large measure to the leadership of chief minister devendrafadnavis , who spearheaded the campaign in the state.
(file photo) the bjp owes its success in large measure to the leadership of chief minister devendrafadnavis , who spearheaded the campaign in the state.
(file photo)the bjp has emerged a clear winner in the maharashtra civic elections, becoming the single largest party in eight of the 10 municipal corporations in the state.
it has come a close second to the shiv sena in mumbai, the richest civic body in the country, while gaining cities like pune, pimpri-chinchwad and solapur in western maharashtra, which have been strongholds of the congress and ncp.
the decline of the congress in urban maharashtra is complete with the party failing to win a single corporation and finishing third in most urban civic bodies.
the ncps fate is no better since it has lost pune and pimpri-chinchwad, two municipal corporations which form the core of its political base.
the sena managed to stay ahead of the bjp in brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), which it ruled for over two decades, and retained thane, but evidence suggests that it has lost ground to the bjp.
watch video | a quick look at final tally of bmc election & pmc election results 2017the bjp owes its success in large measure to the leadership of chief minister devendrafadnavis , who spearheaded the campaign in the state.
with this election, fadnavis, who does not have the advantage of political lineage or the backing of a numerically influential caste, has emerged as a pan-maharashtrian leader.
an important factor that has aided the growth of the bjp across maharashtra is the failure of the congress to script an alternative political narrative.
in fact, the sena, a partner of the bjp in the central and state governments as well as the bmc, has been the most vocal opposition in maharashtra.
the two parties parted ways bitterly before the civic elections, but the opposition failed to capitalise on the public spat between the long-standing allies.
while the sena tried to reinvent itself by moderating its nativist agenda and showcasing its achievements in administration, the congress remained listless.
inner-party squabbles, the absence of dynamic leaders and a crumbling organisation have all contributed to the decline of the congress in maharashtra, a state that had been a stronghold at the worst of times for the party.
that the grand old party lags behind the bjp, sena and the ncp in terms of total number of corporators in the state illustrates the magnitude of congress decline.
if it wants to stay relevant in maharashtra and elsewhere, the congress will need an imaginative political strategy and narrative.
the reliance on a moribund model of patronage politics has cost the party its organisational base, but despite successive defeats, the party doesnt seem to realise that the ground is slipping beneath its feet.
b'a toilet built under swachh bharat mission remains unused in nandurbar.
(express photo by prashant nadkar) a toilet built under swachh bharat mission remains unused in nandurbar.
(express photo by prashant nadkar)three months ago, the dhadgaon nagar panchayat had approached khemsing pavara (33) to construct a toilet on his barren plot.
pavara was hesitant, as he was yet to construct a house on the plot.
but the panchayat assured him rs 17,000 for a toilet, and he gave in.
within a week of constructing the six-feet by six-feet toilet, with a door purchased for rs 2,000, the brand new toilet seat and the iron door were stolen.
the toilet has since been lying defunct.
the family of four now walks 500 metres, as they have done for years, to an open ground to defecate.
last week, when state minister for water supply and sanitation babanrao lonkar had felicitated nandurbar district for being open defecation free (odf), pavara was listed as one of the beneficiaries of government aid.
even my neighbour defecate in the open.
their toilet has no septic tank, he told the indian express.
several villagers complain of poor quality of toilet construction, forcing them to keep the toilets locked, he added.
on wednesday, the state government had declared that rural areas have attained odf status with the construction of 60.
41 lakh toilets  worth rs 4,079 crore  over the last three-and-a-half years.
as per government guidelines, odf is defined as no visible feaces in environment and safe technology for disposal of faeces.
under swachh bharat mission, the maharashtra government had set a target to gain odf status for rural areas by 2018.
government figures of 2017-18 stated that 22.
5 lakh households were covered across maharashtra for toilet construction and there was 100 per cent coverage inrural areas.
according to the union ministry of drinking water and sanitation, in nandurbar, a tribal district, all households have toilets.
district officials, however, claimed the actual coverage is 97 per cent.
district records showed that 8,900 toilets are yet to be constructed in nandurbar to cover the entire surveyed population.
pavaras wife meena said, i dont like going in the open.
but we live in a rented room and the toilet here has no seat.
there is just a hole in ground.
their two children, roshni (4) and rohan (2), do not usually wash their hands upon returning from the open air toilet.
nandurbar has the highest incidence of malnourishment in the state.
a combined report of the world health organisation, unicef and usaid in 65 countries, published in 2015, had found a direct co-relation between stunting among children and open defecation.
according to a 2012 survey conducted by the government, 50,25,369 (45 per cent) households in maharashtra had access to toilets.
in nandurbar, 1.
7 lakh households, both below and above the poverty line, were identified as having no toilets.
locals in nandurbar claimed that officials have been in a hurry to declare the district odf.
in 2017-18, 81,770 households were covered for construction of toilets in nandurbar, more than twice the number in the previous year.
in 2016-17, 34,979 and in 2015-16, 26,131 households were provided with toilets, district records stated.
each beneficiary is paid rs 12,000 per toilet with two soak pits, said nandurbar zilla parishads deputy ceo (water supply and sanitation) sarika bari.
in areas near the narmada river, where transportation is difficult, people carried construction material manually on their shoulders.
however, in chimalkhedi village, nestled in the hills near the narmada, tribal noorji vasawe said only 25 toilets have been constructed for 150 families.
we have been demanding a toilet ever since the swachh bharat mission started.
but as no district officials come here, nobody knows that we have no toilets, he added.
vasawe and a few villagers have written to their block development officer for assistance in toilet construction.
there is no road leading to our village.
construction material will have to be carried by boat.
villagers cant do it by themselves, he said.
in sonkhurda village of nandurbar, saising patle has had a toilet for three months but does not use it.
there is no water.
the construction is poor there is no outlet.
this toilet will not stand even for a year, patle said.
there are six members in his family, who all believe that toilet only occupies precious space.
there are 200 toilets constructed in our village, all of poor quality, patle said.
in nandurbar, which has the highest mortality rate due to malnutrition in the state, in december 2017 alone, among the 1.
2 lakh children aged below six who were surveyed, 35,825 were found malnourished.
stunting, in which childrens height does not grow according to age, was also observed extensively.
stunting, gastrointestinal infections and diarrhoea are inter-related.
when a child gets infective diarrhoea repeatedly, it means his hygiene, sanitation and water supply are not good.
stunting is a form of chronic malnutrition, and open defecation has direct impact on it, said health expert dr mridula phadke.
the gruelling campaign for civic polls in mumbai and nine other cities across maharashtra ended this evening, with the bjp shiv sena rift casting a shadow over the stability of the devendrafadnavis government.
dubbed as a mini assembly election, over 1.
94 crore voters across the state are entitled to exercise their franchise to choose representatives for 10 city corporations on february 21.
on the same day 11 zilla parishads will go to the polls in the second phase.
the first phase of the polls in 15 zilla parishads was held on february 16.
watch what else is making newsthe electioneering assumed an unusually shrill pitch in the final phases largely due to the acrimony between bjp and shiv sena, fighting the civic polls separately for the first time in over two decades, though congress, ncp and mns are also in the fray.
allegations and counter-allegations flew thick all through the run-up for the election, which has virtually turned into a battle of prestige for chief minister devendrafadnavis , heading the states first bjp-led government, and sena chief uddhav thackeray, who led the front from their respective camps.
congress, plagued by infighting in mumbai, appears to have failed to take advantage of the bjp-sena rift, according to political observers.
the big poll focus is on cash-rich brhihanmumbai municipal cooperation (bmc), retaining control of which is vital for shiv sena as the city has remained its prime political space ever since the partys formation in 1966.
shiv sena has been in power in bmc for over two decades.
bjp, which had been a junior partner of sena before it gained the upper hand through the 2014 lok sabha and assembly polls, declined to accept the number of seats offered by the sena.
it has set its eyes on gaining power in bmc, one of the worlds largest city bodies, boasting of an annual budget of over rs 37,000 crore.
in the political cacophony, larger civic issues like good roads, uninterrupted water supply and other basic amenities which the common man looks for, have largely drowned, the observers feel.
midway through the campaign, thackeray put the fadnavis government on notice period, a threat which failed to deter the bjp from pushing ahead with its no-holds-barred assault on the estranged ally, mustering its full organisational strength.
the sena chief, however, appears to have softened his stance later, saying the support to the government would depend upon what it would do for the distressed farmers, even as he ruled out post-poll pact with bjp in mumbai.
the loan waiver to marginal farmers announced by chief minister devendrafadnavis to end the farmers strike would help farmers in western maharashtra the most.
access to irrigation and predominance of cash crops have led to fragmentation of land in the region which is now going to help the farmers.
one of the major demands of the farmers strike which had paralysed maharashtra over the last three days was loan waiver for farmers, which was accepted with a rider by the chief minister.
instead of a blanket loan waiver, the state government has agreed to a waiver for marginal farmers, who constitute almost 79 per cent of the active agricultural population in the state.
the loan waiver is expected to help them tide over the present credit crisis.
credit crisis is one of the major reasons for increasing farmer suicides which has been plaguing the state since long.
however, analysis of the land holding data from the agricultural census 2010-11 shows the well-irrigated districts of western maharashtra (pune, satara, sangli, kolhapur and solapur) have the maximum number of marginal farmers.
of the 56,12,246 marginal farmers in the state, 18,73,156 are in this region, while marathwada and vidarbha have 125,9,430 and 9,04,959 such farmers.
farmers with land holding, not more than 2.
5 acres are termed as marginal farmers.
access to irrigation and popularity of cash crop have led to the legal division of land in western maharashtra.
agriculture being lucrative, western maharashtra families tend to get land divided among themselves here.
on the other hand, land holdings in both vidarbha and marathwada tend to be large as agriculture is not a very lucrative here.
also, population density being lesser than western maharashtra, land holdings continue to be large.
ironically, the maximum benefit of the loan waiver will thus go to a region which has hardly seen farmers suicides while the areas which are ravaged by farm distress might not benefit much.
kishore tiwari, chairman of the state governments committee on farmers distress said the present waiver would mean around rs 20,000 crores would be waived off.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
pti photo maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
pti photoattacking the shiv sena, which is in power in thane municipal corporation (tmc), chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said the city has become a hell as it lacks basic amenities and is grappling with corruption and other issues, as those at the helm of affairs here were only interested in commission.
addressing a rally here tonight, fadnavis urged people to free the city from dalals (middlemen), builder lobby and corruption by giving votes to bjp, which will transform it into the most modern city in the country.
watch what else is making newsthe city is deprived of all the amenities and is grappling with corruption.
it has gone in the clutches of dalals and builder lobby, which has turned it into a hell.
this has happened as those at the helm of affairs are interested in commission and nothing else, he alleged.
the party, which has been in power all these years, neglected the city and it has given rise to environment issues and pollution.
the city has become a hell.
now, we want to pull the city out of its present condition and provide better civic amenities and turn it into a heaven, he said.
the state government wants to see the city develop into one of the best in the 21st century and wants to give more to it, fadnavis said and urged the citizens to take it out of the jaws of corruption and dalals.
he listed various measures taken by his government for the city, including the planned metro rail project, cluster development, bridges, water supply projects, extended railway station, among others and said this all was done by the state government through the mmrda.
let others take credit of anything, but one thing is clear that i, as the head of the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda), has approved these projects.
people of the city know this very well and would take a right decision in the upcoming polls, he said.
bjp is committed to provide good governance to the people of the city and transform the city.
therefore, people should vote bjp to power, he said.
he also said that plans were afoot to develop thane into a digital city with the help of funds from canada.
bjp has a definite vision for the city, he said.
addressing another election rally at diva, fadnavis announced that the mmrda would adopt diva for its development.
the situation in diva is very bad and it has become like a dumping ground.
but, if bjp is voted to power, people will see the change.
resident doctors had demanded a written assurance in response to their demands.
express resident doctors had demanded a written assurance in response to their demands.
expresslate on friday night, resident doctors of b j medical college finally decided to call off their mass leave  held to protest a spate of attacks against doctors  and resume duty.
dr yogesh magar, president of the pune unit of maharashtra association of resident doctors (mard), said they had called off their mass leave late on friday night and will resume duty by 11.
30 pm.
however, earlier in the day, representatives of resident doctors from government medical colleges across the state met in mumbai and said they would end the mass leave only after they receive a written assurance in response to their demands.
mard and ima had supported our agitation, but the mass bunking was done in an individual capacity at all colleges to protest the attacks against doctors, said magar.
the indian medical association (ima) had earlier called off its indefinite strike after chief minister devendrafadnavis conceded to a majority of its demands.
two representatives from each of the 16 medical colleges met the chief minister and senior government officials, and urged them to agree to their demands in writing.
dr ashok tambe, president of the imas state unit, said all the issues, pertaining to the spate of attacks against resident doctors and private doctors, were thoroughly discussed at the meeting with the cm.
during the meeting, fadnavis agreed in writing to provide 700 armed security personnel from the maharashtra police security corporation within five days and the remaining, almost 400 security personnel, within 15 days at government medical colleges and hospitals.
pravin dixit, a former dig, will conduct a security audit of all medical colleges and hospitals and submit his report to the government.
interim security measures would be put in place immediately and superintendents of police have been instructed to post armed police forces in all medical colleges.
providing legal help for cross-complaints against doctors in assault cases will be the responsibility of the government.
the cost of medical treatment for doctors who face attacks, including those in private hospitals, will be be borne by the state.
a security committee with three resident members will be appointed at each medical college and hospital.
an alarm system, and a pass system for family members of the patients, will be put in place, said dr s s utture, ima treasurer who was part of the delegation that met the chief minister.
a security report will be submitted by hospitals every three months.
the doctors protection act 2010, with a provision of three-year jail term, will be amended to carry a punishment of minimum seven-year jail term, said utture.
no punitive action will be taken against the resident doctors if they join work immediately.
police meet sassoon authoritiesmeanwhile, deputy commissioner of police pankaj dahane, who held a meeting with authorities of the b j medical college and sassoon general hospital and representatives of mard, said, we discussed various measures to be undertaken we have told sassoon authorities that till the time the state government provides security, we will provide enhanced security and our teams will regularly visit the hospital premises.
he added, we have asked sassoon authorities to work with us on developing a standard operating procedure on how to respond to such scenarios.
ncp alleged fadnavis wants modi to head a civic authority formed for the development of mumbai city.
the nationalist congress party (ncp) alleged on tuesday that the bjp has a hidden agenda to separate the metropolis of mumbai from the state of maharashtra.
ncp spokesman nawab malik had also tweeted on december 7 that maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis wants prime minister narendra modi to head a civic authority formed for the development of mumbai city.
this reveals the bjps hidden conspiracy to make mumbai city a centre-ruled state and take it away from maharashtra.
however, the ncp will not tolerate this geographical polarisation and if necessary launch an agitation to keep mumbai an integral part of maharashtra, he said.
however, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted that the idea behind the civic panel headed by prime minister modi is to facilitate co-ordination between various central ministries and the state to develop mumbai, which indias financial capital into a global commercial hub by 2019.
bhaiyyuji maharaj committed suicide on tuesday.
(file) bhaiyyuji maharaj committed suicide on tuesday.
(file)mortal remains of spiritual guru bhaiyuji maharaj, who allegedly committed suicide yesterday, were consigned to flames in indore today.
kuhu (17), his daughter from the first wife, lit the funeral pyre amid chanting of vedic mantras at meghdoot crematorium in vijay nagar area in the city.
the 50-year-old spiritual leader, whose original name was uday singh deshmukh, allegedly ended his life by shooting himself at his house here, police said.
bhaiyuji maharaj was very popular in maharashtra and madhya pradesh because of his spiritual and social work.
he enjoyed a large following among politicians and film stars.
most of maharashtra leaders, including chief minister devendrafadnavis , former chief minister late vilasrao deshmukh and former president pratibha patil used to pay obeisance to him.
he was one of the five hindu religious leaders to whom the shivraj singh government in madhya pradesh had granted minister of state (mos) rank in april.
however, maharaj had refused to accept it, saying a post holds no importance for a saint.
people from all walks of life attended the funeral ceremony.
the state government has also decided to prevent exploitation of dairy farmers by dairy cooperatives.
(representational image) (express photo by partha paul) the state government has also decided to prevent exploitation of dairy farmers by dairy cooperatives.
(representational image) (express photo by partha paul)farmers supplying milk to dairy cooperative societies are set to get higher remuneration from june 20 in a move to prevent their exploitation by dairy cooperatives.
the proposal will be mooted at the cabinet meeting on tuesday.
a source in the government said: apart from the blanket loan waiver, the state government has taken the decision to prevent exploitation of dairy farmers.
the proposal states that profit-sharing in the dairy co-operatives should be similar to the sugar co-operatives sector, in the ratio of 70:30.
with the congress-ncp having the maximum hold on dairy cooperatives and unions across maharashtra, the decision is likely to have far reaching implications.
the move comes in the wake of mounting pressure from farmers unions about exploitation and underpayment for milk supply.
a source in the dairy development said: after the cabinet ratification of the 70:30 formula, the profit margin of the farmers would increase.
in the present context, the supply of milk per litre would be at rs 30 to 32.
a study across the state shows that the average rate that the farmers now get from dairy cooperatives is rs 18 to 26 per litre.
another reason for the state governments intervention is being seen as the huge losses the sector has been suffering for the last 15 years.
during the ongoing farmers strike, chief minister devendrafadnavis , while expressing concern about dairy farmers, had said: the government believes they deserve higher remuneration.
there are 11.
6 lakh members in co-operative dairy societies, and 1.
43 lakh in cooperative dairy unions, according to officials in the commissioner for cooperative and registrar cooperative societies.
the average daily collection of milk by the government and co-operative dairies together was 44.
45 lakh litres in 2016-17.
whereas, it had recorded 51.
13 lakh litres in 2015-16.
in the government and co-operative sectors, there are 98 milk processing plants and 156 chilling centres with a capacity of 90.
17 lakh litres and 26,55 lakh litres per day respectively.
there are 14,921 co-operative dairy societies and 85 co-operative dairy unions across the state.
about 37.
6 per cent of the co-operative dairy societies and 29.
4 per cent of dairy unions are running into losses.
a nabard report states that the estimated credit potential projection for 2017-18 for livestock (animal husbandry) is rs 5447.
17 crore, of which rs 3,656.
49 crore has been set aside for dairy development and rs 1,103.
69 crore for sheep, goat and pig farms.
a farmer throws vegetables on a road in nagpur, on monday.
(source: pti) a farmer throws vegetables on a road in nagpur, on monday.
(source: pti)the maharashtra bandh announced by farmers monday received substantial support in the rural parts of the state, but in urban areas, including mumbai, it was business as usual.
in nashik district, which has emerged as the epicentre of the second phase of the farmers agitation, the bandh was near complete.
the administration had to cut off internet services for a few hours anticipating trouble.
the call for mondays bandh had been given by a section of farmer leaders unhappy with the decision of the kisan kranti morcha to call off their agitation after a meeting with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis last friday.
with many protesters claiming that the leaders who met the cm had left the states farmers in the lurch for personal gains, a new leadership emerged, which is now planning to take the agitation forward.
during a meeting held in nashik on sunday, a new coordination committee for the agitation was announced, comprising 21 leaders from various farmers organisation.
it has been decided to set up a new coordination committee.
as of now, it consists of 21 people, including leaders like raju shetti, bacchu kadu and raghunanathdada patil.
more will be incorporated as people join us.
the purpose of this committee is to nurse this injured movement back on track, farmer leader dr giridhar patil, who is part of the committee, said.
the committee will now hold a major gathering on june 8 in nashik to finalise its strategy.
while their strike call had noticeable effects in rural areas of north maharashtra and marathwada, the agricultural market produce committees (apmcs) in places like mumbai and pune functioned smoothly.
mumbai saw a supply of over 1,000 trucks in the vashi apmc, of which nearly 450 were carrying vegetables.
the supply ensured that prices of vegetables stabilised.
we received nearly 400 vegetable-laden vehicles monday, of which nearly 30 per cent were from within the state.
this is higher than over the past few days.
today, prices in the market have come down by nearly 15 to 20 per cent, kailash tajne, president of the apmc vegetable market, said.
on monday, the prices of cucumber came down from rs 80 per kg to rs 40, cluster beans from rs 60 to rs 40, while the price of chillies was stagnant at rs 50.
there had been a spike in the prices of vegetables after farmers refrained from sending their produce to apmcs last week.
most apmcs in north maharashtra remained shut on monday.
in marathwada too, only a few places like osmanabad witnessed much activity.
in the nashik apmc, not a single vehicle turned up for the fifth consecutive day.
while the impact was hardly felt in nashik city, the rest of the district remained completely shut.
in nashik city, the police detained nearly 50 shiv sainiks trying to enforce the bandh.
there were similar protests in areas like chandwad.
nandurbar district saw a bulk of the residents and farmers taking active part in the bandh.
in dhule district too, most of the apmcs remained shut.
in marathwada, shops in nanded remained shut.
some of the major demands of the farmers are that the state clear their 7/12 extracts (property documents) of all liabilities.
they want interest-free loans, a pension scheme for farmers above the age of 60, uninterrupted power supply and a minimum support price of rs 50 per litre for milk.
fadnavis on friday had with a group of farmers and announced some sops.
while some activists have claimed the states assurances would not help farmers, a section of farmer leaders say they are happy with the governments response.
just going on a strike was never our aim.
we wanted to get some relief for farmers and in the meeting with the cm, we managed that.
nearly 70 per cent of our demands were met by the government and because of that, we withdrew our strike.
we are not a part of this agitation, said dhananjay jadhav, a member of the kisan kranti morcha who met the cm.
under normal circumstances, the rise of the bjp across the country and pm modis aggressive brand of politics would have helped the shiv sena expand and consolidate its presence in maharashtra.
(express photo: ganesh shirsekar) under normal circumstances, the rise of the bjp across the country and pm modis aggressive brand of politics would have helped the shiv sena expand and consolidate its presence in maharashtra.
(express photo: ganesh shirsekar)the decision of the shiv sena to split from its long-time ally, the bjp, has been taken after long and hard deliberations.
with just over a year to go before the 2019 general elections, the shiv sena leadership carefully weighed the pros and cons before going public on its intended divorce yesterday, the birth anniversary of sena supremo balasaheb thackeray.
but it is important to understand the background of this alliance that has held strong for nearly three decades, right from the time bjp strategist pramod mahajan reached out to thackeray, the shiv senas tiger, in the late 1980s and cemented the relationship that was so fruitful to both parties all through the 1990s.
under normal circumstances, the rise of the bjp across the country and prime minister narendra modis aggressive brand of politics would have helped the shiv sena expand and consolidate its presence in maharashtra.
but when the shiv sena-bjp alliance was at its peak through the eighties and nineties, narendra modi was not a national figure, nor was he in the good books of atal behari vajpayee.
mahajan, also, was quite critical of modi.
however, either the gods were busy playing dice and werent paying much attention to earthly politics, or had left the game to mortals down here, politics in the bjp began to take on a shape of its own.
lal krishna advani began to campaign and promote modi.
perhaps, he wanted an ally of his own in the bjp?
with the 2014 elections, the direction changed again.
modi and amit shah, it began to seem, did not want anyone to share the glory of an absolute majority in the lok sabha or the spoils of power.
if the bjp had not secured 282 seats on its own, the alliance between the bjp and the shiv sena would have continued.
the senas seats would have added to the bjps numbers in the lok sabha.
but the bjps absolute majority appeared to go to its head.
almost immediately after the 2014 lok sabha polls, the shiv sena and particularly its chief uddhav thackeray, began to feel that they were being sidelined, if not humiliated.
the 2014 elections war general amit shah began to signal that the bjp did not need the sena anymore.
the alliance collapsed just a few days before the maharashtra assembly elections in october 2014.
then it turned out that shah, just before initiating the divorce with the sena, had negotiated a deal with sharad pawars nationalist congress party (ncp).
within hours of the break-up of the saffron alliance, the ncp pulled out of its pact with the congress.
the ncp was supposed to be the reserve force of the bjp, meant to add ballast to the party in case its numbers fell short and it was unable to form the government.
but shah, super confident after winning 71+2 (two apna dal seats in eastern up merged with the bjp after the polls) seats in uttar pradesh, thought the bjp could secure its own majority in maharashtra.
and in case it needed the numbers, he felt, pawar would bail the bjp out.
but the game did not go the way shah wanted.
perhaps the gods were playing their own game of dice elsewhere.
the bjp won 122 seats in the maharashtra assembly, short of 23 seats to form government.
and although ncp leader praful patel publicly announced that his party would not let the government fall in case the shiv sena threw a tantrum, the party refused to join the bjp-led government.
no wonder modis first visit outside delhi, after taking over as pm, was to baramati, the pawar stronghold in maharashtra, now held by his daughter, supriya sule.
during that visit modi publicly praised the statesman-like qualities of pawar and said the maratha strongman was his guru in politics.
the shiv sena began to watch the game with the nervousness of a wife, whose husband had brought another woman home.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , obviously under instructions, offered relatively insignificant portfolios to the sena.
even when a major portfolio like industry was given to the sena, it was made clear to the party that the final decisions rested with the cm.
it was clear that the shiv senas wings were being clipped.
the message was loud and clear: we dont really need you.
we will, of course, tolerate you.
the shiv sena leadership feared that modi and shahs aggressive brand of politics could entice its own mlas into abandoning the mother ship and joining the bjp.
in fact, several sena politicians began to openly hobnob with chief minister fadnavis, ignoring their own leader uddhav thackeray.
but the sena wasnt going to give up so easily, so it began to counter attack.
almost everyday, the shiv sena mouthpiece, samna, began to attack narendra modi or amit shah in its columns.
almost every piece had the same subtext : we too dont really need you.
around six months ago, when the modi government was celebrating its first anniversary in power, it began to be strongly rumoured that the congress, the ncp and shiv sena would come together to form a working alliance and topple the fadnavis government in maharashtra.
but project topple fadnavis was shelved at the last minute as the sena feared the ncp may double-cross it and leave it even lonelier than it was before.
this backdrop must be understood to understand the sena-bjp break-up today.
over the last three years, the two parties have been like a family with two kitchens and virtually no dialogue with each other.
it had come to such a pass that the only question that remained was, who will pull the plug.
uddhav thackeray and other senior members of the sena were convinced that amit shah would jettison the alliance.
after all, both parties had fought mumbai corporation elections separately.
and when the sena did not get its own majority, the bjp refused help.
it was clear to the sena leadership that the bjp would break the alliance when elections came around.
so instead of facing another round of humiliation, the shiv sena decided it was better to strike now, to surprise the other side.
so on the birth anniversary of balasaheb thackeray, on january 23, uddhav thackeray announced that the sena would henceforth go it alone.
the fact that he did not immediately withdraw from the government is because he is still keeping his options until polls are held in 2019.
uddhavs message is clear.
he wants to tell modi and shah that tiger zinda hai!
that the shiv sena was born on the street and lives and fights on the street.
it has neither shahs cunning, nor pawars cleverness.
its power doesnt come from sitting in the mantralaya, but from its shiv sainiks.
the sena leadership feels that the results of the gujarat elections have exposed the chinks in the bjp armour.
in public speeches uddhav thackeray has begun to publicly say that modi is rapidly losing his media-managed charisma, and that demonetisation and gst were disastrous policies.
the sena mouthpiece samna has even started praising rahul gandhis leadership.
the marriage was on the rocks, anyway.
now the date has been announced for filing divorce affidavits.
former union minister sushilkumar shindes daughter praniti is scouting for a safer seat to contest the assembly poll.
after winning back-to-back elections from the solapur city central seat, she has sought a ticket from the neighbouring mohol assembly seat this time around.
according to sources, this could have something to do with the lok sabha poll result from solapur, where shinde, who lost the election, was even trailing in pranitis constituency.
however, with the ncp traditionally representing mohol, we are hearing that the chances of her getting her way are slim.
advertisingwar roomwith a lot at stake in the upcoming assembly polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis does not want to leave anything to chance.
according to sources, besides his partys election managers, the cmo is also receiving independent feedback of the partys election prospects from bureaucrats serving various local bodies.
losing groundhe was once described as the eyes and ears of congress high command in mumbai.
but former maharashtra minister kripashankar singh is presently finding it difficult to convince the party leadership to field his son, narendra mohan, a ticket for the assembly poll.
according to sources, the congress leadership wants kripashankar to enter the fray himself, but is not in favour of nominating his son.
sources say the speculation that singh was cosying up to the bjp in the state has not gone down too well with the leadership.
pawars pariwarpolitical activity in the state is all set to intensify after the receding of the flood levels in western maharashtra.
if sources are to be believed, two of the closest aides of ncp president sharad pawar are now on bjps radar.
speculation is rife that osmanabad mla rana jagjitsinh patil, who is related to pawar, and legislative council chairman ramraje naik-nimbalkar are likely to join the bjp.
sources said nimbalkar is also seeking a berth for his son-in-law rahul narvekar, also a legislator, from colaba.
eyebrows raisedeyebrows are being raised in the political circles over chief ministers absence from the release of bjp mp and former cm narayan ranes autobiography this past week.
we are told that while rane had sought fadnaviss time for the event, there was no response.
while nitin gadkari, vinod tawde and ashish shelar attended the event, buzz is that fadnavis avoided it to avert any misunderstanding with the shiv senas leadership.
b'known for its academic excellence, the walchand college of engineering (wec) in sangli district of the state has recently been in the news due to the fight between two warring bodies for control of the institution.
while a legal fight is under way in the bombay high court, the two sides sparred again on tuesday.
in a press statement issued wednesday afternoon, ravi purohit, member of administrative council of the wce, alleged that on may 24, goondas of prithviraj deshmukh, president of the sangli bjp, led by sg kantikar, illegally barged into the wce campus and the office of wce director dr gv parishwad.
kantikar and others threatened and forcibly removed him from his chamber, snatched keys of the premises from him and occupied his office illegally.
they prevented other professors and staff from entering the office of the director, the release said.
it further said kantikar demanded that the deputy director dr p j kulkarni hands over the charge to mg devmane, which the former refused.
purohit claimed in the statement that hundreds of goondas had been placed in the campus and the director forced to remain out of his office with threats.
it is indeed very unfortunate that mr deshmukh is using his clout and abusing his position as a member of bjp in an illegal and unethical manner, indulging in threatening and intimidating to take over the college, the release stated.
according to purohit, in january 2015, the same group had forcibly removed the security guards in the college and deployed their own men as guards.
faced with threat to the college and the students, the administrative council approached the bombay high court which ordered police protection to the college.
since then, the college has been under police protection for which it has paid more than rs 70 lakh to the police department.
despite this, the safety of 5,000 students has remained in danger, purohits statement read.
purohit has also written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis asking for his immediate intervention.
the administrative council is headed by ajit gulabchand and dr parsihwad is both the director of the college and secretary of the council.
when contacted kanitkar, who is the secretary of the maharashtra technical education society, termed the allegations a blatant lie.
for the last four years, the present director has failed to give any accounts.
this has created problem for the society with both the income tax department and the charity commissioner.
our motive in removing the director was to start an inquiry into the affairs of the college, he said.
the present administrative council, kanitkar said, was trying to delink the college from the society which hadstarted it in 1947.
deshmukh happens to be the president of society at present.
police inspector anil chormale of vishrambag police station in sangli said, the college management has not registered any police complaint.
from our side, we asked them whether they wanted to file any case, but they have refused.
as per the high court order, paid protection has been provided to the college since last year.
established in 1945, the maharashtra technical education society runs 11 educational institutions in sangli and pune.
walchand college of engineering, spread over more than 100 acres, was previously known as national engineering college sangli and was started in 1947.
after acceptance of a grant from the seth walchand hirachand memorial trust in 1954-55, the name of the college was changed to walchand engineering college, kanitkar said.
an administrative council (ac) was set up in 1956, comprising 11 members of which four were from the society and one from the trust.
the remaining members of the council were to be from the government and the principal.
the composition of the ac was again changed in 1962 which stated that three of the four members of the society on the council would have to be ratified by the trust.
the administrative council has asked for setting up of a new trust which would include five nominees of the trust and one from the society, which would be responsible for running the college.
b'with 32 per cent wholesale price inflation and 22 per cent retail inflation, sugar is really making the food basket bitter for the common man.
with 32 per cent wholesale price inflation and 22 per cent retail inflation, sugar is really making the food basket bitter for the common man.
in his independence day speech, prime minister narendra modi counted his governments achievements.
bringing down inflation from double digits to below six per cent was emphatically mentioned as one that brought relief to the aam aadmi.
without doubt, we witnessed moderation in the overall consumer price index (cpi) and wholesale price index (wpi) levels in the past two years.
however, how much of it was due to government policies, especially of the rbi, and how much due to the global commodity price slump, is debatable.
the global food price index of fao fell by more than 20 per cent in the last two years.
any analysis of indian inflation is incomplete without looking at its food price component.
it is critical given that an average household spends 45 per cent of its expenditure on food, and the poor ones even more.
while overall retail inflation in july (yearly) stood at 6.
07 per cent, food inflation (cfpi) was at 8.
35 per cent.
within food, pulses inflation stood at 27.
5 per cent, sugar at 22 per cent and vegetables at 14 per cent.
at wholesale levels, the price rise was much steeper  between july 2015 and 2016, the overall index rose by 3.
5 per cent and wpi-food by 11.
3 per cent.
within food, pulses prices rose by 36 per cent, sugar by 32 per cent and vegetables by 28 per cent.
such price spikes for selected food items are worrisome.
also, since significant increases in salaries under the seventh pay commission have yet to play out on expenditure, one needs to remain cautious on the food price front.
amidst this anxiety, however, there is some good news.
high pulses prices and good monsoon rains in most pulses-growing states have attracted 33 per cent more area under kharif pulses over the last year.
this may give a bumper crop of kharif pulses, easing price pressures during october to january.
clearly, our farmers are price-sensitive, and therefore, to ensure a sustained growth in pulses acreage, favourable relative price incentives need to be maintained.
if a bumper harvest leads to a price crash, it may drive farmers away from pulses in the next season.
the solution to this is four-fold: get government to procure pulses, encourage greater private participation by abolishing stocking limits, facilitate commodity market operations by reintroducing futures and free international trade by abolishing export bans, and imposing import duty of 5-10 per cent.
in parliament, finance minister arun jaitley announced his governments resolve to reduce and stabilise pulses prices by creating a buffer stock of two million tonnes (mmt).
the coming harvest season will be the most opportune time to do so by procuring from our own farmers rather than importing from abroad.
but the existing procurement machinery is more attuned to procuring rice and wheat than pulses  they require an operationally different treatment.
this necessitates gearing up the system accordingly.
with 32 per cent wholesale price inflation and 22 per cent retail inflation, sugar is really making the food basket bitter for the common man.
worse still, there are not many chances of its moderation in the near future too.
sugarcane acreage is down by eight per cent over the last year as farmers had a bitter experience in their cane payments from sugar mills during the last two seasons.
the carryover stocks are also low and global prices of sugar are surging.
within a year, the fao sugar price index for july is up by 54 per cent.
if only the government had created a buffer of 2-3 mmt in 2013-14 when india had bumper sugar production, the situation would have been sweeter.
there is a fascinating policy paradox in the sugar trade policy.
since 2010-11, india has been a net exporter of sugar but its trade regime has been highly restricted and ad-hoc.
in fact, india just may be the only country in the world with an export duty (20 per cent) and an import duty (40 per cent) on sugar at the same time.
the policy is both anti-farmer and anti-consumer.
the time to rationalise it is now.
to facilitate market functions, reduce the sugar import duty to say 5-10 per cent, and abolish export duty.
next up is vegetables and even fruits.
the aam aadmi is already suffering from high prices of dal (pulses), and now even subzi and phal are slipping from his thali (plate).
high wastages due to inappropriate post-harvesting practices, lack of storage and missing efficient value-chains make supplies unpredictable each season.
the solution lies in streamlining the entire ecosystem in the fruits and vegetables (f&v) market just on the lines of operation flood in milk.
start by delisting f&v from apmc regulation and simultaneously freeze agent commissions in regulated mandis at no more than one per cent.
this should be strategically preceded by initiatives for expanding the f&v wholesale market network by providing land and infrastructural support and by encouraging and facilitating direct farmer markets in at least major cities like delhi and mumbai.
this way the farmers dependence on apmc markets and commission agents will gradually reduce, and farmers can get a better price for their produce while consumers still pay a low price.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has set a great example by opening the assembly premises for farmers markets and assuring the availability of school/college premises during holidays.
combining the above initiatives with a policy environment incentivising and encouraging organised food retailers and processors to build value chains for f&v  starting from direct purchases from farmers, aggregating, grading, assaying, packing, bar-coding, at the village level itself through farmer producer organisations (fpos)  the sector can repeat the same growth story as operation flood.
the road is long and twisting but by reforming the existing system based on a clear-defined strategy, the government can transform the sector.
can the modi government harness the opportunity hidden in this brewing crisis to rein in food inflation on a sustainable basis?
only time will tell.
chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday reiterated that the bjps transparency plank to weed out corruption and bring greater accountability was applicable to entire maharashtra.
the constitution of a three-member committee of retired officers ramnath jha, sharad kale and gautam chaterjee to cover transparency and evolve guidelines was for all civic corporations and not mumbai alone, he said.
at a cabinet meeting sunday, shiv sena ministers adopted an aggressive posturing, demanding that the transparency not be restricted to the bmc alone but cover all 10 corporations and 26 zilla parishads across maharashtra.
minister for environment ramdas kadam of the shiv sena said, we urged the chief minister to extend the committee guidelines for transparency to all municipal corporations across maharashtra.
we also demanded that upalokayukta should be appointed in all municipal corporations as done in mumbai.
the senas aggression was a face-saver provided by the bjp ahead of the budget session.
the sena, which had threatened to put the government on notice, wanted to send a message that they were are not buckling under any pressure from the bjp after the latter handed over the bmc to it.
fadnavis told the ministers that he would set up another three-member committee for zilla parishads.
maharashtra already has a lokayukta under whom all institutions of the government are covered.
the appointment of upalokayukta for the bmc was done considering huge work and challenges in the countrys richest civic body.
another demand of the sena was loan waiver for farmers.
fadnavis said both these issues were being looked into by the government.
he assured the sena that the centre had already provided rs 1,000-crore aid for the farm sector but he would seek more.
fadnavis said, the government has already allocated rs 894 crore crop compensation, which is being disbursed.
we are not against loan waiver for farmers  but it has to be done at the right time to ensure it reaches the deserving and not misused.
water and electricity to farmers is our focus to make agriculture sustainable for long term.
we are working towards separate agriculture feeders driven on solar energy.
the state government on friday unveiled plans and policies, along with expenditure and beneficiaries, to substantiate how welfare measures in agriculture and irrigation worth rs 20,000 crore have been undertaken to address small and marginal farmers in maharashtra.
the sum is apart from the rs 25,000 crore set aside for agriculture reforms in the state and rs 26,000 crore allocated for 26 mega irrigation projects under the pradhan mantri krishi yojana.
at an internal meeting to discuss the farmers strike, chief minister devendrafadnavis expressed concern stating that the protest would thwart the developmental programmes undertaken for the farmers.
the state government had initially clubbed both pune and pimpri-chinchwadas a single urban conglomeration the state government had initially clubbed both pune and pimpri-chinchwadas a single urban conglomerationon december 30 last year, chief minister devendrafadnavis had taken to twitter to thank prime minister narendra modi and union urban development minister venkaiah naidu for the inclusion of pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation (pcmc) in the smart cities mission.
with an eye on the civic polls, due to be held later this month, bjp leaders in pimpri chinchwad soon started cashing in on this announcement, via posters and posts on social media.
watch what else is making newsnow, rti documents procured by the indian express show that pcmc was included in the list at the cost of the navi mumbai municipal corporation.
the state governments move to include pcmc gathered steam only towards the end of december 2016, weeks before the model code of conduct for elections in the pune municipal corporation (pmc) and the pcmc was to come into force.
since the announcement about the centres smart city initiative, urban local bodies in maharashtra have been competing with each other, vying to be included in the list.
when the first list of smart cities was announced in early 2015, pmc was included while the pcmc was left out.
on november 27, 2015, the indian express had reported on how the state government had initially clubbed both pune and pimpri chinchwad as a single urban conglomeration, with combined marks of 95.
1.
subsequently, the central government pointed out that individual urban local bodies have to be nominated, and this had led to punes inclusion.
the nationalistic congress party (ncp) had claimed credit for this move.
the first list had 10 cities including navi mumbai, solapur, thane and others, many of which had scored lesser marks than pune and pimpri chinchwad.
documents show that on september 30, 2015, fadnavis had written to naidu, asking for the inclusion of pcmc in the smart cities list.
in his letter, fadnavis wrote, pimpari-chinchwad (sic) is a rapidly growing city with a huge potential for development.
i sincerely think that its inclusion in the list of the potential smart cities is absolutely necessary.
he went on to ask for the inclusion of pcmc in the list as an additional smart city, or in the list with pune as an urban agglomeration.
in his reply on october 28, 2015, naidu had declined to entertain the request, pointing out how under the smart cities mission guidelines, a smart city has to be an urban local body and an urban agglomeration cannot be designated a smart city.
no further correspondence about the subject took place from either side.
after waiting for more than a year, on december 23, 2016, s s kshatriya, chief secretary in the maharashtra government, wrote to rajiv gauba, secretary of the ministry of urban development, asking for the inclusion of pcmc in place of navi mumbai.
although navi mumbai municipal corporation was recommended by the state government, the navi mumbai municipal corporation has not yet agreed to the terms and conditions essential for participating in the smart cities mission.
hence honble chief minister of maharashtra has requested the government of india to consider inclusion of pimpri chinchwad municipal corporation instead of navi mumbai municipal corporation for participating in the smart cities mission, the letter read.
back in 2015, the state government had maintained that the pcmc had scored lesser marks than pune, and thats why it had been left out, but kshatriya, in his letter, wrote that pune and pimpri chinchwad had scored 95.
1 marks and ranked second for inclusion in the mission.
following this, the state high power committee met on december 28, 2016 and recommended the inclusion of pcmc in the list, as well as dropping navi mumbai municipal corporation from it.
subsequently, the undersecretary of the urban development ministry had directed the inclusion of pcmc in the mission, and rs 2 crore, released earlier to navi mumbai for preparation of the smart city proposal (scp), was to be diverted to the pcmc.
navi mumbai municipal corporation, which has a mayor from the ncp, had rejected the proposal to be included in the mission twice, once on december 8, 2015, and again on september 23, 2016.
earlier in 2015, the pune municipal corporations (pmcs) general body (gb) had also shelved the plan for inclusion in the mission, which had led the state government to ask the municipal commissioner to re-table the proposal.
while the gb had passed the resolution finally, the corporators had cried foul at the alleged interference of the state government.
incidentally, it doesnt seem like the state government acted in any manner when the navi mumbai municipal corporation refused to be included in the mission, twice.
ncp mp vandana chavan said the whole chain of events, on the eve of civic polls, smacked of political opportunism by the ruling bjp.
the state government is brazenly trying to put the government machinery to its use during the civic elections.
the manner in which the pcmc was shoved into the list by dropping navi mumbai is another example of the unethical practices of the state government, she said.
chavan claimed that this move was another attempt by the bjp to gain political mileage in the upcoming election.
she said punes experience with the smart city mission so far has not been good, with basic civic functions such as collecting garbage being neglected by the civic administration.
however, bjp mla and party chief from chinchwad laxman jagtap refuted charges of political considerations being at play behind the inclusion of pimpri chinchwad in the smart cities list.
the ncp is not interested in development, so they are trying to trump up false charges.
the smart cities mission leaves no scope for corruption, so they do not want the cities to be included.
navi mumbai dropping out is an example of the same, he said.
jagtap said the case of the pcmc was taken up only after navi mumbai had dropped out.
during the visit of prime minister narendra modi, it was announced that the pcmc would be considered as a special case there is no politics in the selection process, he said.
union minister for environment, forests and climate change prakash javadekar friday held discussions with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and other officials on environment and forest-related issues in the state.
advertisingspeaking to reporters, javadekar said he would be holding such discussions with chief ministers of all states over the next one month to review projects and find a solution to environment concerns raised about them.
the minister praised efforts of the maharashtra government for maintaining development and ecological balance.
in the last five years, we have undertaken and cleared several pro-people, pro-progress projects (in maharashtra) such as the chhatrapati shivaji memorial, nhava-sheva bridge, coastal road (in mumbai), relaxing crz norms, mumbai goa road which was pending for 20 years, he claimed.
advertisingjavadekar added that his ministry had also put in place provisions under which cutting of mangroves (for any project) will require compensatory creation of mangroves on an area ten times the affected size.
javadekar said the union and state government had worked in tandem to clear several projects that were stalled between 2004-2014 under the congress-led upa rule.
i have decided to review long-pending projects, including ecologically sensitive ones, that need immediate attention, he said, adding that the aim was to ensure rapid progress while protecting the environment.
joshimath : rescue work in progress after a landslide near hathi parvat ,vishnuprayag on the badrinath route, uttarakhand on saturday.
hundreds of pilgrims are feared stranded.
pti photo(pti5_20_2017_000072b) joshimath : rescue work in progress after a landslide near hathi parvat ,vishnuprayag on the badrinath route, uttarakhand on saturday.
hundreds of pilgrims are feared stranded.
pti photo(pti5_20_2017_000072b)a day after a massive landslide in uttarakhands vishnuprayag disrupted movement of thousands of tourists going to badrinath, nearly 800 out of the 2000 stranded have resumed their onward journey and work is on to clear the debris.
the rishikesh-badrinath national highway was closed near vishnuprayag, one of the five confluences of alaknanda river, between joshimath and badrinath, the famous pilgrim spot in the hill state.
big boulders tumbled down the hathi pahar mountain on friday noon choking the highway.
newly-appointed chief minister trivendra singh rawat has directed the secretary of disaster management department to closely monitor the situation.
meanwhile, chamoli district magistrate ashish joshi said that around 2,000 people were affected due to the landslide and of them 800 have been resumed their onward journey.
rescue work in progress after a landslide near vishnuprayag on the badrinath route, uttarakhand on friday.
hundreds of pilgrims are feared stranded.
pti photo rescue work in progress after a landslide near vishnuprayag on the badrinath route, uttarakhand on friday.
hundreds of pilgrims are feared stranded.
pti photoas of saturday, 1,200 people are still stranded at different places in vishnuprayag, pandukeshwar and govindghat.
a state official said that arrangements for food and lodging have been made for the stranded people.
border roads organisation (bro) personnel have been working on a war footing to clear the debris since friday afternoon, and according to senior officials the highway will be reopened for traffic soon.
meanwhile, chamoli district magistrate joshi rubbished media reports claiming around 15,000 people were stranded due to the landslide.
they are absolutely wrong.
only 2,000 people have been affected, he asserted.
badrinath highway opens for light vehicles, stranded cars with passengers made to cross area of landslide with police escort.
joshimath : hundreds of pilgrims are feared stranded after a occurred near vishnuprayag on the badrinath route, uttarakhand on friday.
.
pti photo joshimath : hundreds of pilgrims are feared stranded after a occurred near vishnuprayag on the badrinath route, uttarakhand on friday.
.
pti photoin the meantime, at least 179 pilgrims from maharashtra were among the many stranded.
all of them (pilgrims) are safe.
we have ascertained it.
of the total 179 from maharashtra who are stranded there, 102 are from aurangabad and 38 from pune, he said.
he also added that the railway administration has made arrangements to bring them back to maharashtra.
fadnavis added: we have a permanent system in place.
the disaster management department coordinates such operations.
chief minister devendra fadnavis.
chief minister devendra fadnavis.
this cannot be undertaken in piecemeal but should be addressed with a wholistic approach, which includes infrastructure, slums, affordable housing, water and other basic civic amenities.
elaborating on the fact that slums are one of the critical component that has often ends up being a stumbling block for development of cities or satellite townships, fadnavis, urged the planning authorities to work out a module to slums which would blend in with the overall smart city concept.
the maharashtra government is positive towards cluster development and slum redevelopment authority (sra) schemes in kalyan dombivali, he added.
kalyan-dombivli is among the ten cities in the state shortlisted by the union government to be redeveloped as a smart city.
the other cities are mumbai, thane, navi mumbai, pune, aurangabad, nashik, nagpur, amravati and solapur.
watch video: whats making newsthe centre has adopted 98 cities across the country for the smart cities project worth rs 500 crore.
the total expenditure for the ten smart cities from maharashtra is estimated at rs 32,500 crore.
fadnavis also appealed all political parties to unite in the mart cities mission.
b'an applicant exits the chief ministers relief fund cell in mantralaya, mumbai.
(express photo/ganesh shirsekar ) an applicant exits the chief ministers relief fund cell in mantralaya, mumbai.
(express photo/ganesh shirsekar )on june 17 last year, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis office deposited rs 90,000 in the official bank account of a heart hospital in mumbai.
sanctioned under the chief ministers relief fund (cmrf), a popular financial assistance scheme of the state government, the money was for the treatment of ashok pandurang bhosle, a 45-year-old resident of ahmednagar.
there was one problem, though.
an investigation by the indian express, based on documents obtained under the rti act, show that no one bothered to verify the patients status while depositing the money.
bhosle had died on may 27, 2017  21 days before the money for his treatment was deposited.
the application for assistance in his name was submitted on june 6  10 days after his death.
read | scheme popular, wont tolerate misuse: cm fadnavisthe investigation found how a well-intentioned scheme to help the poor was being corrupted during the implementation stage, with stolen identities, fake records, proxy applicants, inflated medical estimates and dubious income certificates being used to claim benefits.
it also showed that the medical assistance cell (mac) in the chief ministers office (cmo) continued to approve funds to hospitals across the state even after red flags were raised by a senior official linked to the scheme.
the findings assume relevance and significance at a time when the national rollout of a flagship health insurance scheme for the poor is being worked out by the central government in association with states.
a letter from cms office says rs 90,000 was deposited to potdar heart foundations account for the treatment of ashok bhosle on june 17, 2017  21 days after his death.
(express photo) a letter from cms office says rs 90,000 was deposited to potdar heart foundations account for the treatment of ashok bhosle on june 17, 2017  21 days after his death.
(express photo)rti records show that between november 1, 2014 and september 30, 2017, the maharashtra government spent more than rs 237 crore from the cmrf to pay for the medical expenses of patients classified as poor in 23,267 cases.
the indian express focused on 150 cases in which there were instances of irregularities from documents linked to 1,500 cases that were made available.
the investigation found:* several healthcare providers tweaked records and cost estimates to claim funds.
* cmrf norms state that assistance is only meant for life-threatening emergencies, but funds were sanctioned for fractures, infections and even convulsions triggered by alcoholism.
* funds were provided for treatment red-flagged by the indian council of medical research (icmr), such as use of stem cells without approved clinical trials.
* applicants with substantial assets and known businesses availed benefits under cmrf by furnishing income certificates that classified them under economically weaker section (ews).
* multiple applications from the same patients for the same treatment were cleared in violation of norms which specify that aid can be sanctioned only once in three years for one case.
asha suryavanshi was sanctioned rs 40,000 on december 7, 2015, for a heart procedure at the ashwini sahakari rugnalaya ani sanshodhan kendra niy in solapur.
but a probe found that she had been to the hospital only once as an outpatient for a diagnostic test (see bill above) on september 21, 2015.
(express photo) asha suryavanshi was sanctioned rs 40,000 on december 7, 2015, for a heart procedure at the ashwini sahakari rugnalaya ani sanshodhan kendra niy in solapur.
but a probe found that she had been to the hospital only once as an outpatient for a diagnostic test (see bill above) on september 21, 2015.
(express photo)take the case of bhosle, who died at the potdar heart foundations hospital in chembur.
the application for assistance was recommended by bjps mumbai mla ram kadam.
it included an income certificate, issued by kurlas nayab tahsildar on june 3, 2017, listing bhosles current residential address at a chawl in kurla.
but when contacted, bhosles widow, sangeeta, confirmed that the family had relocated to ahmednagar around 10 years ago.
we were in mumbai for my brothers wedding.
my husband was rushed to the hospital on the morning of may 27 last year, after he complained of chest pain.
he died that evening, she said.
there were other irregularities in the application form, which went undetected.
the mobile number listed under bhosles name was that of an accountant at the hospital.
when contacted, potdar hospitals medical director, dr ashwini upadhyaya, admitted that bhosles application had been submitted after his death, and that the cmo was not informed that the patient had died.
we had to perform an urgent angioplasty on him on the admission day itself.
hours later, he passed away.
the family had deposited rs 25,000 on admission, but the total bill was around rs 1.
15 lakh.
as the family was poor, we decided not to recover the rest of the expenses from them, she claimed.
when contacted, mla kadams personal assistant, sachin ayare, said they didnt know that the patient had already died.
government officials confirmed that the hospital finally refunded the entire amount to the cmo on december 16, 2017  after the indian express had first contacted potdar for a response.
documents accessed by the indian express also include the case of asha suryavanshi who was sanctioned rs 40,000 on december 7, 2015, for a heart procedure  balloon mitral valvotomy  at the ashwini sahakari rugnalaya ani sanshodhan kendra niy (asarskn) in solapur.
but a probe report submitted by the district collector to the cmo on february 3, 2016, said that suryavanshi had been to the hospital only once  as an outpatient for a diagnostic test on september 21, 2015.
it also found, documents show, that the medical records submitted with the application were fabricated.
when the indian express contacted the mobile number listed under suryavanshi in the application form, it turned out to be invalid.
the collectors probe also found that two other cases of funds sanctioned for heart surgery at asarskn in 2015 were for procedures conducted three years ago, and in which patients had already paid the bills.
in a written communication to the government, asarskns medical superintendent dr rajendra ghuli denied that the hospital had issued medical certificates or cost estimates for these applications.
but following the probe, the cmo blocked the funds, said officials.
documents also show that funds were sanctioned twice to the same patient within a month in violation of norms.
panvel resident kiran damodare was sanctioned rs 1 lakh in two grants of rs 50,000 each for treatment at jupiter hospital, thane, for pelvic and femur fractures sustained during a road accident on november 19, 2015.
the hospital estimated that we would need rs 8.
57 lakh.
we werent satisfied with the rs 50,000 sanctioned under the cmrf initially (on december 5, 2016).
some cmo officials asked us to apply again, claimed kirans younger brother hrishikesh damodare.
after receiving a communication from the cmo that the funds had been released a second time (january 2016), we contacted the hospital.
but they denied it, he said.
when contacted, anirudha kulkarni, social worker attached to the hospital, said, our records show that the fund was received just once.
we have communicated that to the patients family.
the maharashtra state secretariat in mumbai.
officials say will initiate police action in cases of fraudulent claims.
(express photo: ganesh shirsekar) the maharashtra state secretariat in mumbai.
officials say will initiate police action in cases of fraudulent claims.
(express photo: ganesh shirsekar)government officials confirmed that the maximum assistance under cmrf for road trauma cases is rs 50,000.
in another case, a mumbai-based building contractor, who owns a house in dombivali, was issued an ews certificate on may 30, 2017, from the local tahsildars office, showing his familys monthly income to be rs 7,666.
on june 5, 2017, his application was sanctioned rs 1 lakh to fund his cancer treatment.
when contacted, the contractors daughter, who had submitted the application, said she was employed at a manager-level position in a well known private firm, and that she had been staying with her parents at the time.
asked how the ews certificate was obtained, she disconnected the phone and did not respond to further requests for comment.
the shiv sena today dubbed as ruthless and shameful the alleged assault of a farmer last week by police personnel at the state secretariat, where he came to meet maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the farmer (rameshwar bhusare) who came to mantralaya seeking compensation for his damaged crops was mercilessly beaten and dragged out of the state secretariat.
this incident is not only sorrowful but ruthless and shameful.
it is sad that this cruelty took place outside the chief ministers cabin, the sena said in an editorial in party mouthpiece saamana.
bhusare, who hails from ghatshendra village in kannad taluka of aurangabad district, was allegedly beaten up by security staff at the mantralaya on march 23.
he had claimed to have incurred losses to the tune of rs 10 lakh during hailstorm in 2015 but was refused any compensation from the authorities following which he came to meet fadnavis.
the edit said that the contention by policemen on security duty that the distressed farmer bit them was a blatant lie.
will the cm believe that a weaponless and hunger stricken farmer bit a hefty policeman and got away with it ?
will the policeman not respond to it ?
do not give a loan waiver and do not give a compensation, but atleast do not punch and kick farmers, it said.
the sena said that fadnavis, who talks of a transparent administration, has not been able to provide compensation to farmers who lost their crop to unseasonal rains and hailstorm in 2015 and bhusare represented all of them.
after a furore in maharashtra legislature by the opposition parties, the state government has been asked by the legislative council chairman ramraje nimbalkar to submit a report on the incident when the house resumes on march 29.
the cm has already ordered a high-level probe into the episode.
b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
he said a multi-pronged strategy for inclusive growth, along with a policy shift to integrate investments in agriculture and industries helped in retaining investors confidence.
the government has adopted a two-pronged strategy to scale up drought mitigation through mission drinking water and ensuring changes in crop pattern to sustain wholistic development, which includes greater investments in agriculture and industries.
he indicated that industries under the midc are not badly affected despite problems, which would be overcome in a couple of months.
unveiling mission drinking water, he said, every remote village in drought districts had been provided a roadmap and adequate budget.
maintaining that the state government was working 247 to tackle hardships of villagers, fadnavis said, the centre and the state are working together to reach out to drought-stricken districts of marathwada.
the maharashtra drought relief committee headed by agriculture minister eknath khadse and opposition leader radhakrishna patil has been constituted.
and through the drinking water schemes, 83 projects are being pushed in 11,000 villages for immediate relief.
the chief minister said, while the situation is grave due to recurring drought, along with relief measures which includes water supply through two 50 wagons trains every three days, we are also working on water conservation to avail good monsoons predicted by the imd.
according to fadnavis, the jalyukata shivar projects will require sustained efforts for the next three years to make the state drought-freetill date, we received 80,000 applications from farmers seeking farm ponds.
the government is providing them rs 50,000 per pond.
bharat ratna for phulethe state government urged the centre to bestow bharat ratna to social reformer jyotiba phule whose work in the field of education and social justice remains unparalleled.
the state has also decided to commemorate the 125th birth anniversary of jyotiba phule.
in another major blow to the congress in maharashtra, senior party leader harshvardhan patil is set to join the bjp today.
advertisingafter balasaheb vikhe-patil and abdul sattar, he is the third major leader to leave the congress, struggling since its dismal lok sabha performance.
the party managed to win only one lok sabha seat in the 2019 elections  chandrapur, represented by balubhau dhannorkar alias suresh narayan.
on wednesday, patils office said the former minister would join the bjp in mumbai around 3 pm.
its final.
the joining event is scheduled for today, a close aide said.
when contacted, bjp spokesperson keshav upadhaye said patil will join the bjp in presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai today.
he will join at 3 pm.
another leader, ganesh naik, will join around 5 pm, he said.
naik is a senior ncp leader from navi mumbai and a former minister.
advertisingon september 5, harshvardhan patil had held a meeting with his supporters in indapur to get their views on quitting congress and joining the bjp.
the workers enthusiastically supported his switching over to bjp, said sources.
after that, patil went incommunicado to congress and ncp leaders.
according to sources, he switched off his cellphone and was apparently available to bjp leaders on the phones of his close aides.
the former minister has had his phone switched off for some days now, said a close aide.
senior congress leader ashok chavan said they made several attempts to contact patil, but his phone was switched off.
we could not get in touch with him, he said.
patils aides said the former minister was in touch directly with chief minister fadnavis, whom he had also invited to his booklaunch.
since that time, he had made up his mind to join the bjp, said an aide.
a long-time congress loyalist, patil is a four-time mla from indapur.
he had served as minister in all governments since 1995.
in the 2014 elections, when congress and ncp fought separately, ncp candidate dattatray bharne defeated him.
patil had been eyeing the indapur seat this time.
however, there was no word from ncp on this, though discussions were on between the two parties.
we had taken up the issue with ncp leader ajit pawar.
talks were underway, but he has already taken a decision, said congress spokesperson sachin sawant.
though patil had held the meeting with his supporters in indapur in an apparent bid to put pressure on the ncp, the party refused to budge.
ncp mp supriya sule said it was unfortunate that patil chose to target ncp.
in his speech, patil said he had extended his support to sule in the 2014 and 2019 lok sabha elections.
he had said in return, ncp had promised to help him during assembly elections.
however, he said the party was not interested in ceding the indapur seat.
enough of humilation, i want justice now, he had said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis chief minister devendrafadnavis bombay development directorate (bdd) chawls redevelopment work spread across 92.
86 acres and costing rs 16,000 crore was inaugurated by chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday.
the redevelopment work undertaken to provide bigger and better houses for tenants has ensured that 68 per cent of prime land in worli (central mumbai) will be dedicated to residents, who will get 625 sq ft homes with a carpet area of 500 sq ft.
the remaining 32 per cent of the land on which the houses will be build would be allowed for commercial sale by the developers.
the inordinate delay in taking the project forward for the past 21 years was because of the vested interests of the previous governments and some people.
as a result, thousands of chawl residents were deprived of redevelopment project, including better homes and infrastructure in the vicinity, fadnavis said.
apart from the bdd chawl, there are around 14,000 dilapidated structures whose redevelopment would also be taken up and the work is expected to be completed in the next two years, he added.
the bdd chawl, which is an integral identity of mumbai city, also marks one of the biggest housing projects in india.
while indicating that the previous government lacked the initiative to develop the bdd chawl because it had vested interest in the prime land worth several hundred crores, fadnavis said, instead of bdd chawl residents, the previous governments concern was vested interest.
he added: to pave the way for quick redevelopment work, i even made amendments in the existing act to facilitate better houses and civic amenities for the people.
we have ensured that the redevelopment would bring maximum benefit to the residents and not the private developers.
the project is not developer-driven as was being done in the past.
elaborating on the project, the chief minister said almost 68 per cent of the land would be reserved for rehabilitation of residents who will be provided with bigger accommodation from the existing 160 sq ft.
in the remaining 32 per cent land, houses would be built for sale component by the developers to make it commercially viable as they would fund the project.
the maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada) has been appointed as the nodal agency for the project.
lower parel and naigaum chawls will be developed in the first phase for which, larsen &tourbo and sahapoorji pallonji have started work.
while indicating that the project would be complete in seven years, an official said: the redevelopmentwould generate 16,000 affordable houses.
tenants have been living in these chawls that were built during 1920 and 1925 and the rents are still as low as rs 100.
officials said the naigaun chawl project would be worth rs 3,100 crore and the lower parel project would cost rs 2,900 crore.
the budget session of the maharashtra legislature begins here today and is expected to be a smooth sailing affair for the devendrafadnavis government after the bjp averted a face-off with sparring ally shiv sena over the mumbai mayors post.
the bjps decision not to contest the elections for the posts of mayor and deputy mayor in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), where it won just two seats less than the sena in the just-concluded mumbai civic polls, is likely to ease strains in relations between the two saffron parties.
watch what else is making newswith the bjp (82 seats) not fielding candidates for the march 8 mayoral poll, the uddhav thackeray-led party (84 seats) is set to bag the twin posts in the countrys richest civic body.
the session will begin with governor c vidyasagar raos address to the joint sitting of both the houses at 11 am.
the budget for fiscal 2017-18 will be presented on march 18.
this would be the bjp-led governments third budget presentation since it came to power in october 2014.
the session will have 23 working days and conclude on april 7, state parliamentary affairs minister girish bapat said.
discussion on the governors address will take place on march 8 and 9, followed by chief minister devendrafadnavis reply, he said.
supplementary demands will be taken up on march 15 and vote on account on march 22.
discussions on department-wise budgetary demands will begin from march 24.
there will be a break for gudi padwa from march 26 to 28 and ram navmi from april 2 to 4.
on march 21, the legislature will discuss a motion to congratulate ncp president sharad pawar and pwp mla ganpatrao deshmukh, who have completed 50 years in electoral politics.
a delegation of opposition leaders met governor vidyasagar rao yesterday to submit a memorandum of demands including farm debt waiver.
shiv sena mlc anil parab said his party would raise the issue of farm debt waiver during the session.
the shiv sena will continue to raise issues that concern the larger good of the people.
we stand by our demand for debt waiver and we will keep raising it, parab said.
open category maharashtra students who fail to get admission in medical colleges for mbbs or post-graduation due to the reservations introduced under the socially and economically backward category (sebc) from this year will be allowed to take admission in private medical colleges, with the government reimbursing the difference in fees.
a delegation under the banner of save merit, save nation had called upon fadnavis to express disappointment over the shrinking seats for general students in medical colleges.
an official statement issued by the state government after the meeting said, the cm has assured to make up the loss of open category seats by increasing the seats in mbbs and pg.
he further said that those eligible open category students who could not get admission due to reservation should seek admission in private colleges and the government will reimburse their current years tuition fees.
advertisingthe state has enforced the 12 per cent reservation in education and 13 per cent in jobs to maratha community under the sebc category.
with this, the total reservations in the state have gone up from the existing 52 per cent to 64 per cent in education.
government sources said this would reduce open category seats in state government colleges by approximately 104 in pg and 314 in mbbs.
since the process of admissions has already begun, officials indicated the increase in seats for pg is unlikely in the current year.
even if the centre sanctions the increase, it could be only for undergraduate medical seats.
announcing the setting up of an eight-member commission, comprising officials and experts, to solve problems of open category students, fadnavis urged them to not worry over the new quota and said the government would ensure justice to all students across communities.
he pointed out that the government was already giving 50 per cent tuition fee reimbursement in 604 courses to the economically weaker open category students, under the rajarshi chhatrapati shahu maharaj educational reimbursement scheme.
besides, obc and open category students get scholarship for education in foreign universities, the cm said.
the financial implications of reimbursement of fees for open category students in mbbs and pg can be ascertained after the admissions are completed, a senior secretary in the medical and higher education department, pointed out.
as per his rough estimate, the average fee difference between government and private medical college per student will come to rs 6.
5 lakh per year.
it is also unclear if the government promise of reimbursement of fees of private colleges is valid only for this year.
the government has not officially made any commitment on fee reimbursement for the entire tenure of five years for mbbs and two years for pg.
in maharashtra this year, 81,171 students qualified neet for medical undergraduate admissions, an increase of 10,000 over 2018.
in comparison, the number of seats increased by just about 100, an official in the higher and medical education department said.
while government-and civic-run medical colleges offer around 3,160 mbbs seats, the total pg seats therein are 2,030.
maharashtra has 11 private medical colleges, with 1,880 mbbs seats and 1,441 pg.
the state has mooted a proposal demanding an additional 1,740 mbbs and 813 pg seats.
about seats other than medical, officials said the decision was currently being taken only with regards to this field as it had been impacted the most by the maratha quota.
unlike engineering, where there are a large number of seats, medical seats, both in government and private colleges, are limited, an official said.
advertisinghowever, he added, the government-appointed committee would look into all aspects to evolve a uniform policy for all professional courses, including engineering, from next year.
assuring citizens that the latest regulations for traffic rule violations were non-discriminatory in nature, union transport minister nitin gadkari on monday said his vehicle was also issued a challan for speeding on bandra-worli sea link in mumbai.
advertisingeven i paid fine for speeding on bandra-worli sea link, gadkari said while listing out the major achievements of the narendra modi-led government in its first 100 days, in mumbai.
the senior bjp leader said that maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and general v k singh were also issued challans for speeding.
the new laws under the motor vehicle act (2019) aim at stringent punishments for violation of traffic regulations and ensure discipline on roads.
advertisingpassing the mv act amendment is a big achievement for our government.
the high fines will lead to transparency, and (will) not result in corruption, gadkari said.
after the act came into effect, a two-wheeler rider was fined rs 23,000 in gurugram for various norms violations, while a truck driver was issued challan for rs 59,000.
gadkari had earlier stressed that there should be no fear of hefty challans if someone is abiding by the law.
sharad pawar(file) sharad pawar(file)ncp president sharad pawar on tuesday hit out at the ruling bjp over farm loan waiver issue, saying not keeping promises was the ruling partys speciality.
not fulfilling promises made to the people is bjps speciality, pawar said, addressing a rally organised by opposition parties at panvel near mumbai.
the rally marked conclusion of week-long `sangharsh yatra of opposition, seeking loan waiver for farmers in maharashtra.
the saffron party didnt give reservation to the dhangar community which it had promised, nor did it keep the promise of loan waiver to farmers, he said.
response to the state-wide sangharsh yatra was good and it reminded him of farmers agitation in 1982, pawar said.
state congress chief ashok chavan said the yatra was the beginning of a united agitation against the bjp government.
it will intensify in the days to come, he said.
a farmer committed suicide even as chief minister devendrafadnavis visited chandrapur, he said.
his body was hanging from a tree for eight hours.
i condemn this insensitive government, chavan said, claiming that maharashtra led in the number of farmer suicides in the country.
tamil nadu high court had ordered the government there to waive farm loans, chavan pointed out.
when he asked a question about farmer suicides in maharashtra in the lok sabha, the union agriculture minister said all was well in the state, he alleged.
narayan rane, fellow congress leader, said the fadnavis government suspended opposition mlas from the assembly for creating a ruckus, but when fadnavis was in the opposition, he used to demand registration of murder cases against the government for farmer suicides.
when will he file 9,000 criminal cases for the suicides that have taken place since he became the cm, rane asked.
state ncp president sunil tatkare said the agitation will continue.
the government will have to agree to loan waiver or quit, he said.
advertisingfadnavis was speaking at the groundbreaking ceremony of the proposed multi-modal transport hub at swargate junction where 25 new electric buses and seven women-only tajaswini buses were handed over to pune mahanagar parivahan mahamandal limited (pmpml).
several pune smart city projects, including integrated command and control centre, place making projects, among others, were also launched at the event.
the multi-modal hub will integrate the public transport services  metro rail, pmpml, maharashtra state road transport corporation (msrtc) buses, auto rickshaws and private vehicles  and is expected to curb traffic congestion at busy junctions.
the maharashtra metro rail corporation limited (mahametro) will execute the project to ensure better coordination among transport services.
the hub, which will come up on a public private partnership (ppp) model with an outlay of over rs 2,000 crore, will be 105 metres tall and have a total of 30 floors  25 floors above the ground and five underground.
advertisingtotal built up area of the building is expected to be around 65 lakh square feet.
addressing the event, fadnavis recounted that all the infrastructural projects that his government has pushed and started were pending for several decades.
i must tell you that none of these important projects that we have started for pune are new.
these were in the offing for long, but zero progress was achieved in many years as politics continued to be played, he said.
emphasising the importance of seamless public mobility in pune, the chief minister said the government is working on every aspect of public transport, including speedy development of the metro, strengthening of pmpml, construction of transport hubs as well as speedy sanctioning of delayed projects, such as pune ring road.
as we are aware, at the moment pune has the highest number of vehicles for any indian city.
this is not only causing congestion on road, but is also polluting the air.
if steps are not taken to ensure that the number of private vehicles go down, the city of pune, which is so far known as the cultural and educational capital of india, will get a new identity, that of being the most polluted city in the country, said fadnavis.
the event was also attended by union human resources development minister prakash javadekar, city mp anil shirole, several mlas, including parvati mla madhuri misal, in whose constituency the multi-modal hub will come up, and city mayor mukta tilak.
sonia barbry, consul general of france in mumbai and nicolas fornage, regional director, afd  india and bangladesh, were also present.
more than two years after their mercy petitions were rejected by the president, the bombay high court on monday commuted the death sentence of two convicts for the 2007 kidnapping, rape and murder of a bpo employee in pune and sentenced them to life imprisonment, observing that the delay in their execution was undue, inordinate and unreasonable.
advertisingthe convicts were to be executed on june 24 at yerawada central prison, but on june 21, the high court stated that the execution of the men, who had moved the court urging it to quash their execution warrants and commute their death sentence to life imprisonment, shall not take place until further orders of the court.
the hc has now handed a 35-year imprisonment sentence to the two, which includes the period they have already spent in jail.
the court observed that in the mercy petitions filed by the two death row convicts, letters exchanged between different government departments bore the words most urgent and death penalty and yet the matter did not receive the attention it deserved.
we find that there has been undue and unexplained delay both by respondent no 3 (inspector general of prisons, maharashtra) and respondent no 1 (union of india) in processing the mercy petitions, the judges noted.
advertisingout of this period of five years, mercy petitions were pending for about two years and for period thereafter no proceedings were pending.
we find that delay in the present matters could have been easily avoided and the mercy petitions and the final execution could have been dealt with in sense of urgency, wrote justice b p dharmadhikar and justice swapna joshi in their 106-page judgment.
the convicts had moved the hc stating that they had suffered undue and avoidable delay of 1,509 days in execution of death sentence, solitary confinement lasting more than seven years their lawyer, yug chaudhry, argued that the delay of two years in the issuance of execution warrant after their mercy petition was rejected, was unprecedented in india.
countering the petitioners argument of delay in deciding their mercy petitions and issuance of execution warrant, advocate general ashutosh kumbhakoni had argued that it was wrong to say the government had gone round in circles.
answering the courts query on whether the delay was on part of a constitutional authority or the executive, kumbhakoni said, ultimately, the mercy petition has to be decided by the governor and the president, not the government.
for enabling them to act on the aid and advice of the ministry, the file is processed in mantralaya.
it is legally not possible to dissect the two actions.
here we have to consider the rights of a convict to be hanged and he is not concerned with the constitutional functionary which has caused delay or contributed to it.
when the protection accorded by article 21 of the constitution of india is at stake, the executive, court of law or the governor/president stand at same pedestal.
thus, we find that undue or avoidable delay in execution of death penalty by any arm of the state would be against his fundamental right.
extra or additional punishment resulting from avoidable delay is unconstitutional in all circumstances and contingencies.
quantum or period thereof is also not material, the high court observed.
the victim, who hailed from gorakhpur, had joined a bpo in december 2006, and stayed with her sister and brother-in-law.
at 10 pm on november 1, 2007, the last day of her notice period with the company, one of the convicts, a driver, and his friend had picked her up in the office cab.
when she did not return by 10 am the next morning, her brother-in-law lodged a missing complaint with the chatushrungi police station.
police found her body on the morning of november 2, 2007, at gahunje, about 35 km from pune.
the two men were arrested.
they were convicted and sentenced to death by a sessions court in pune in march 2012.
the sentence was upheld by the hc in september 2012 and subsequently by the supreme court in may 2015.
the governor had rejected their mercy petitions in april 2016 and the president had rejected their mercy pleas in june 2017.
after the courts decision commuting the death sentence of the two convicts, the womans brother-in-law told the indian express, we are disheartened because of this development.
the court may have found reasons to show leniency to these people, but we firmly believe that they do not deserve any mercy.
it was a premeditated, inhuman and brutal act.
they had tried four ways to kill my sister-in-law.
as people talk about the rights of the convicts, what about the victims right to justice?
these people will be spending the rest of their lives in prison.
that is longer than the time they allowed her to live.
he added, we request the state government and particularly chief minister devendrafadnavis to take this up and file an appeal at the appropriate forum.
if the maximum possible punishment is given in the case, the sense of justice will prevail not just for family but also among women in general.
b'maharashtra governor c vidyasagar rao.
(express file photo) maharashtra governor c vidyasagar rao.
(express file photo)the opposition parties on monday boycotted governor c vidyasagar raos joint address to the maharashtra legislature on the opening day of its budget session, as they could not listen to the marathi translation of his speech.
the angry opposition members then walked out of the central hall in protest.
chief minister devendrafadnavis later apologised over the incident and demanded strict action against those responsible for the lapse.
as soon as the governor started his address in english, the members put on their headphones but could not listen to the marathi translation due to technical glitches.
the opposition members were seen complaining that they were unable to hear the marathi translation of the governors speech.
they then shouted slogans, charging the government with insulting the marathi language.
even bjp members ashish shelar and raj purohit were seen objecting to the absence of the marathi translation of the governors address.
they were joined by the shiv sena legislators as well.
state education minister vinod tawde, who is also in-charge of the marathi language department, then went to the translation room and read out the marathi translation of the governors address.
as the opposition members were still shouting slogans, fadnavis and purohit told them that the translation of the speech could now be heard.
but the opposition members were in no mood to listen and staged a walkout.
later, when the assembly convened for the month-long budget session, leader of opposition radhakrishna vikhe patil condemned the insult to the marathi language.
he demanded that the responsibility be fixed and action taken against those responsible for the glaring lapse.
taking a dig at the shiv sena, he said the members of the party quietly sat through, despite the insult to the marathi language.
the centre has already declined to grant abhijat (classical) language status to marathi and now the language is being insulted in such a manner, he alleged.
fadnavis condemned the incident as well.
this is serious and condemnable.
i demand strict action against those responsible for this lapse.
even though this is in the legislatures domain, on behalf of the government, i apologise, he said.
speaker haribhau bagde said the matter would be investigated and action would be taken accordingly.
congress leader prithviraj chavan said the chief minister could not wash his hands off the incident saying the matter was in the legislatures domain.
the parliamentary affairs minister should take the responsibility, he said.
in his 40-minute speech, rao said the government had a vision to catapult the state into a one trillion dollar economy by 2025.
this will be achieved by accelerating the growth in sectors such as agriculture, textile and tourism, he added.
later, senior ncp mla ajit pawar told reporters outside the house that when the governor started his address, he had put on his headphones to listen to the marathi translation.
i waited for 10-15 minutes but all i could hear was the speech in english.
there was no one to translate it.
we walked out of the house in protest.
this is unacceptable that the maharashtra government is insulting the 12 crore marathi people, he said.
pawar wondered why the shiv sena members remained silent and did not protest the insult to the marathi language.
i saw some shiv sena legislators standing in protest but they later sat down.
the party always talks about shivaji maharaj and marathi manoos (marathi people), but today they kept silent on the insult of marathi language, he said.
leader of opposition in the state legislative council, dhananjay munde claimed that the governors speech was heard in gujarati, instead of marathi.
the speech was heard in gujarati and not in marathi.
the governments approach towards the marathi language is disappointing, he said.
b'representational image representational imagein order to solve problems like acquiring vast tracts of land and building underpasses for people and cattle, the proposed mumbai-ahmedabad bullet train may run on an elevated corridor, which is likely to increase the project cost by about rs 10,000 crore.
according to additional chief secretary, transport and ports, gautam chatterjee, running the train on an elevated corridor will also mean that the entire corridor will not have to be fenced to prevent people and cattle from crossing over.
building of an elevated corridor that we are considering, will remove the problems of acquiring vast tracts of land, building underpasses for cattle, people and transport to pass and also the entire corridor will not be required to be fenced in order to prevent cattle and people from crossing over, he said.
however, this move will increase the project cost by another rs 10,000 crore, he said.
the corridor will not pass through nashik, as it would further increase the project cost, chatterjee said.
during the feasibility study, it was found that one arm of the corridor cannot be extended to nashik as it would further increase the project cost.
plus, it would also not be technically viable to run the train via nashik, he said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis had in the past pitched for the bullet train to halt at nashik, saying it would boost development of the north maharashtra region, especially its tribal belt.
the japanese international co-operation agency (jica) is to offer a soft loan for the project.
the project will be jointly implemented by state governments of maharashtra, gujarat and the ministry of railways.
a special purpose vehicle (spv) is being set up to implement the project, chatterjee said.
the project is likely to cost an estimated rs 98,000 crore, but the cost will be further increased by rs 10,000 crore if the corridor is built on an elevated structure.
the top speed on the about 505 kms elevated corridor will be between 300 to 350 kmph.
the project feasibility was jointly conducted by rites, italferr and systra in july 2015.
the high speed train corridor is likely to have 11 stations on the route with seven stations in maharashtra alone.
according to initial proposal, the high-speed train would have halts at thane (that will connect both central and navi mumbai), virar, palghar, vapi, valsad and ahmedabad.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)basking in bjps success in the civic and zilla parishad polls, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday paid floral tributes to chhatrapati shivaji maharaj at the raigad fort this morning.
he was accompanied by revenue minister chandrakant patil, finance minister sudhir mungantiwar, education minister vinod tawde, state bjp president raosaheb danve and mumbai party president ashish shelar.
the leaders garlanded the statue of the warrior king situated at the fort in raigad district, which was his capital in 1674 when he was crowned king of the maratha kingdom.
a statue of the maratha warrior and his samadhi are situated at this fort, nearly 170 kms from here.
during the 2014 maharashtra assembly elections after registering a thumping victory in the lok sabha polls, bjp had launched the its campaign for assembly polls with a call chhatrapati shivaji ka ashirwad, chalo chale modi ke saath.
till then, shiv sena considered shivaji maharaj as its icon.
chhatrapati shivaji maharaj ki jai!
jai bhavani, jai shivaji!
.
feeling blessed, fadanvis tweeted after his visit.
four days after maharashtras lawmakers gave themselves a three-fold pay hike, there is evidence to indicate that the proposal was approved hurriedly.
documents reviewed by the indian express reveal that the contentious proposal was formulated, processed, and approved in a matter of hours.
the normal administrative process of subjecting a proposal that has financial implications for the state exchequer to vigorous scrutiny was given a pass, according to official sources.
so much so that the finance department was not in the loop till the previous evening, they said.
on august 5, which was also the last day of the monsoon session of the state legislature, the lawmakers hurriedly enacted a legislation that saw their salaries surge by as much as three times.
an mla/mlc, who was previously paid rs 70,000 a month, will take home a revised pay and allowance of rs 1.
82 lakh, after the increase, which has been equated with the take home pay of a principal secretary-rank civil servant.
similarly, the chief minister, a cabinet minister, the leader of opposition, the assembly speaker and the council chairman will earn rs 2.
25 lakh a month in salary and allowance, which has been equated to the salary and allowance earned by the states chief secretary.
a minister of state, the deputy speaker of the assembly, and the deputy chairman in the council will draw rs 2.
05 lakh a month, which has been equated to an additional chief secretarys pay.
questions are also being raised over the provision of the bill which states that the lawmakers salary will stand revised as and when the centre increases the salaries of civil servants under the equated pay grade.
the pension amount for all serving and past members of the legislature was hiked by 25 , and salaries of their private secretaries by 67 .
while the bill confirms that the state will incur an additional recurring expenditure of at least rs 75 crore a year on account of this pay revision for the lawmakers and their staff, it has emerged that the proposal and the bills draft was put up before the finance department the previous evening.
requesting anonymity, a senior state official confirmed that the proposal was sent to the finance department in the evening on august 4.
earlier on the same day, a meeting in this regard was convened in the assembly speakers chamber.
the chief minister, the finance minister, the parliamentary affairs minister, the council chairman, and senior opposition leaders, were present.
till then, we had no clue that such a proposal would be taken up on the final day, the official confirmed.
under normal circumstance, a proposal involving financial implications undergoes multiple-layered scrutiny in the finance department itself before being forwarded to the states chief secretary, the chief minister, and then to the cabinet.
but since the proposal was only moved to the department in the evening on august 4, the multiple layered scrutiny could not be done.
the bill was put up for the legislatures nod with a formal cabinet approval.
the indian express had earlier reported that the lawmakers had passed the legislation without any discussion within a minute of it being presented to the house (it wasnt even listed as an item on the days legislative business agenda).
following a public backlash, five legislators have now positioned themselves against the hike.
but the government, and other lawmakers seem unmoved.
considering the overall inflationary trend, increase in the work load, and fluctuation fuel prices, and increase in the need for use of computers and laptop facilities by the members, the government of maharashtra considers it expedient to specify that the salaries and allowances of the members be revised, states the bill, explaining the logic behind the hike.
almost immediately after the bill was approved, chief minister devendrafadnavis had justified the decision.
we feel an appropriate pay hike has been given.
it will encourage a legislator to undertake more development work.
he had also pointed out that lawmakers in some other states draw higher salaries.
questions over the validity of the move to link a legislators salary to that of a civil servant were also being raised.
the union cabinet decides salaries of civil servants.
it is a decision of the executive leadership.
whereas a legislators salary is a matter of the state legislature, a senior official pointed out.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis maharashtra government is set to enforce a five-year ban on sanctioning new sugar mills in the drought-hit marathwada region, which is facing a severe drinking water crisis.
at a core committee meeting of cabinet ministers led by chief minister devendrafadnavis , it was decided to ban new sugar mills in marathwada, which comprises eight districts  aurangabad, jalna, beed, parbhani, latur, hingoli, osmanabad and nanded.
the governments decision is in line with the recommendations of the madhav chitale committee, which was set up when the congress-ncp government was in power.
the panel had pointed out that sugarcane requires a large amount of water to cultivate.
of the 202 sugar mills in maharashtra, 40 per cent are in marathwada region.
maharashtra accounts for 32 per cent of the total sugar production in the country.
it is virtually not possible to sanction new sugar mills for the next five years in marathwada region, state revenue and agriculture minister eknath khadse said.
share this article related article a not-so-sweet propositiona not-so-sweet proposition maharashtra set to ban sugarcane farming in drought zonemaharashtra set to ban sugarcane farming in drought zone upper dams to release water for drought-hit districts; cabinet meet in sept in marathwadaupper dams to release water for drought-hit districts; cabinet meet in sept in marathwada water crisis: sugar factories blamedwater crisis: sugar factories blamed tackling drought: govt wants marathwada to move away from water-guzzling canetackling drought: govt wants marathwada to move away from water-guzzling cane sugarcane cultivation should be banned in marathwada: madhav chitalein another decision meant to save water, the government plans to make drip irrigation compulsory for all sugar mills across the state.
data from the ministry of agriculture shows that only 20-25 per cent sugar mills have implemented drip irrigation.
a majority of the sugar mills draw water from dams.
but the dilemma for the government, officials said, is that sugarcane growers seek higher subsidy to implement drip irrigation.
the government is now seeking the israel governments expertise and trying to make drip irrigation a less expensive process.
there cannot be any justification for allowing so many sugar mills in marathwada.
as a uniform rule, the government should ensure that any district with less than 700 mm rainfall should not be allowed sugarcane cultivation, chitale had said.
former chief minister prithviraj chavan, too, had suggested that permission to set up sugar mills should not be given in drought-hit regions.
fadnavis also emphasised on a re-look at crop patterns according to soil heath and water availability in each region, to ensure that huge investments put in by farmers are commensurate with the yield.
osmanabad district collector prashant narnaware said, in my district, where the average rainfall is less than 450 mm, the beyond cane campaign has worked to the farmers advantage.
out of 48,000 hectares, 23,000 hectares will not grow sugarcane.
the farmers are going for pulses which require less water, floriculture and horticulture with guidance from the agriculture ministry.
protesters gather in front of bjp mp and builder sanjay kakades office on shirole road, demanding full rehabilitation of displaced villagers of new kopare (image: pavan khengre) protesters gather in front of bjp mp and builder sanjay kakades office on shirole road, demanding full rehabilitation of displaced villagers of new kopare (image: pavan khengre)villagers of new kopre village and activists of yukrand were once again detained  thrice in two weeks  by the deccan police when a group of about 80 people gathered in front of the office of bjp rajya sabha mp and developer sanjay kakade on shirole road.
while the police had managed to prevent a protest at the site by the activists on wednesday, the protesters this time around managed to trick the police by gathering at another spot near the protest site and then collectively moving towards it.
on wednesday, police had detained the protesters before they could gather in substantial number.
the protesters are demanding full rehabilitation of displaced villagers of new kopare, whose lands were acquired by the national defence academy in 1967.
they were supposed to be rehabilitated in a building project led by kakade group in warje-malwadi.
according to the protesters, of the 401 families of the new kopre village that were displaced after the village lost the land to nda in 1967, 54 are yet to get alternative accommodation.
the families were reportedly promised homes in kakade city, a project by the kakade constructions owned by sanjay kakade, who is now a bjp mp.
kumar saptrashi, president of yukrand, who is spearheading the agitation, said the 15 families that are now part of the protest were initially in the list of beneficiaries that were to get the houses.
we have been raising these issues for a long time.
senior revenue department officials agreed with us that what the displaced families are asking is just.
however, they couldnt help them since the other party is a bjp mp, alleged saptrashi, who was also among the detained protesters.
saptarshi alleged that kakade misused the power of attorney that he had acquired for rehabilitation of the village.
im going to write to chief minister devendrafadnavis on may 2 and would urge him to behave like a government head and not like a leader of the bjp favouring his partymen, said saptrashi.
kakade, however, denied that he owed rehabilitation of the 15 families.
i have rehabilitated 358 families who were displaced by the project.
if these families were deserving families, i would not have refused to rehabilitate them.
if these people are rightful beneficiaries they should show the 7/12 extract documents of the lands they lost.
also, if the district collector decrees that these people should get a home, i would have no problem providing them homes, said kakade.
last week too about 40-45 protesters of yukrand were detained by the deccan police on the ground that the protesters extended the protest to its fifth day when they had permission only for a day.
image used for representational purposes.
image used for representational purposes.
taking a cue from pro-jallikattu protests in tamil nadu, a shiv sena mp from pune has demanded lifting of ban on bullock cart racing in maharashtra.
if you see in tamil nadu, the chief minister of the state and entire administration stood in support of jallikattu and even the cm met the prime minister, sena leader shivajirao adhalrao patil said.
our demand is that taking cue from the tamil nadus cm, maharashtra government and chief minister devendrafadnavis should approach the prime minister and seek a central ordinance to lift the ban on bullock cart racing in the state, said the mp from shirur constituency in pune.
watch what else is making news?
he said that yesterday several farmers, owners of bullock carts and politicians cutting across party lines had held an agitation in chakan and demanded lifting of the ban on bullock cart racing.
a legal battle is going onwhich will take its own course.
however, time has come that the state government and the cm should intervene and approach the pm and seek an ordinance to lift the ban on bullock cart racing in the state, patil said.
meanwhile, some pune-based animal activists said that they will challenge the jallikattu ordinance in supreme court.
the ordinance to permit jallikattu was issued on the basis of public pressure and is a complete mockery of the judicial system and will lead to anarchy, said a joint release issued by sarva jeev mangal pratishthan and people for animals.
it said that the prevention of cruelty to animals act is a central legislation and a state cannot have a legislation which is in contradiction to a central law, particularly, after a court has reserved judgement on the matter.
notably, jallikattu was conducted in various parts of tamil nadu today even as protests continued at alanganallur in madurai where people refused to hold the famous sport seeking a permanent solution to ensure unhindered annual organisation of the sport.
the election for the post of chairman of the pcmc standing committee is scheduled to be held on friday.
the election for the post of chairman of the pcmc standing committee is scheduled to be held on friday.
even as the ruling bjp in pimpri-chinchwad is in favour of throwing open the civic standing committee meetings, the civic administration is not in favour of it although it wont oppose the move.
we feel the proceedings of the standing committee should be confidential but if the ruling bjp intended to throw open the meetings, we have no problem with it, municipal commissioner dinesh waghmare said on thursday.
the pcmc administration, however, said it was in favour of allowing cameramen inside the standing committee meeting hall.
we can even allow video recording, the civic chief.
waghmare said some sort of confidentaility is necessary in the standing committee working.
even during the state cabinet meetings, the media is barred, the civic chief said.
waghmare, however, said it was up to the ruling party to take the call.
we have no issues if they want to throw open the meetings for the media, he said.
bjp general secretary sarang kamtekar said the bjp has been for years demanding that there should be transparency in the functioning of the standing committee meetings and therefore, wants to remove the veil of secrey in the way it functions.
no deal should be allowed to be struck in closed-door meetings.
this is what happened during the ncp regime.
the committee members had an eye on commissions and thereby approved contracts at their whims and fancies, he said.
the standing committee holds the keys to civic finances and it should be made accountable for every penny it sanctioned, he added.
the bjp is in favour of initially throwing open the standing committee meetings for media and later for the general public.
since there is less space in the meeting hall, we intend to allow journalists initially.
once the standing committee hall is revamped, we would have more space and then can even allow the general public, kamtekar said.
kamtekar said journalists from only a few newspapers would be allowed.
we will allow select journalists from top newspapersbut are not in favour of allowing television channels who are prone to distorting quotes, he said.
the election for the post of chairman of the pcmc standing committee is scheduled to be held on friday.
the bjp has nominated three-time corporator seema savle from indrayani nagar-balajinagar for the post.
in the 16-member standing committee, the bjp has 10 members which means savles election is a certainity.
savle, who herself has been in the forefront of anti-corruption campaign in pcmc and one of the votaries of open-door standing committee meetings, is likely to make an announcement regarding throwing open the standing committee meetings for journalists and the media after her election is announced on friday morning.
civic activists said the onus is on savle as she had aggressively taken up corruption issue during ncp regime.
she had exposed several corruption cases in pcmc.
as standing committee chairperson, savle will have to set an example in shunning anything that is even remotely corrupt and lead from the front, said activist deepak vichare.
for past 10 years or so, activists have been demanding that standing committee meetings should be thrown open for the media and the general public to do away with the secrecy that shrouds the working of the committee.
however, the ncp that ruled pcmc for a decade refused to do so.
consequently, the committee couldnt shrug off the tag of the commission committee.
in fact, its members itself openly accused the committee of blatantly indulging in wrong practices.
activist-turned-politician maruti bhapkar, one of the campaigners, had sent a petition earlier this month to chief minister devendrafadnavis to keep his word of ensuring transparency in civic functioning.
signaling its resolve to take the battle to the congress-ncp bastion in western maharashtra, the bjp has convened a two-day maharashtra executive conclave at pimpri-chinchwad on april 26 and 27.
apart from rolling its political roadmap, the party will focus on agriculture sector.
at the bjps core committee meeting held on thursday, chief minister devendrafadnavis outlined the partys political achievements and also focused on greater administrative challenges ahead.
indicating the necessity to consolidate the gains made in the recently-held local body elections for municipal councils  10 municipal corporations and 25 zilla parishads  fadnavis stressed on further expediting administrative reforms to reconnect with the masses.
the core committee comprising state bjp president raosaheb danve, bjp organisational general secretary ravi bhusari and a team of senior cabinet ministers also discussed the agenda for the conclave.
a senior bjp functionary told the indian express: the state national conclave provides us a forum to celebrate our success in the recently-held elections on one hand and also remind the karyakarta the unaccomplished task ahead.
expelled congress legislator abdul sattar met shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on wednesday, fueling speculation that he may join the sena ahead of the assembly elections.
advertisingsattar, who met uddhav at his residence matoshree, called it a courtesy meeting.
since i am independent, i can meet any party leader, said sattar, who represents sillod assembly segment from aurangabad district.
earlier, he had met chief minister devendrafadnavis and there was speculation he might join the bjp.
since the sena and bjp are in an alliance, i will get a ticket if i join one of the parties.
if i didnt get a ticket from them, i will fight polls as an independent, said sattar.
during the lok sabha elections, sattar had supported the shiv sena rebel, harshvardhan jadhav.
subsequently, he was expelled from the congress for anti-party activities.
maharashtra pradesh congress committee (mpcc) president ashok chavan (express photo by prashant nadkar/file) maharashtra pradesh congress committee (mpcc) president ashok chavan (express photo by prashant nadkar/file)maharashtra pradesh congress committee (mpcc) president ashok chavan on thursday said the peoples power would defeat the bjps money power in the palghar lok sabha by-election.
addressing an election rally to campaign for congress nominee damodar shingda at dahanu in the neighbouring palghar district, chavan accused the ruling party of trying to win the bypoll by use of money and power.
palghars self respecting voters will see through this game.
peoples power will defeat the bjps money power, he said, and exuded confidence that voters will elect the congress honest and loyal candidate, shingda.
the by-election, scheduled on may 28, was necessitated following the death of bjp mp chintaman wanaga.
the shiv sena has given ticket to the late mps son, shrinivas wanaga, while the bjp has fielded rajendra gavit, who recently quit the congress to join the ruling party.
chavan said the bjp and the shiv sena are fighting over chintaman wanagas legacy.
after the mps death, the bjp neglected the wanaga family and since the party wasnt finding any candidate, it poached gavit, he alleged.
since gavit is staring at defeat, chief minister devendrafadnavis , his uttar pradesh counterpart yogi adityanath, and the central and state ministers are camping in palghar, he said.
he claimed the bjp has not fulfilled a single promise made by it in maharashtra and at the centre during the election campaigns.
fadnavis and modi betrayed the peoples trust, the congress leader charged.
both the governments (in maharashtra and at the centre) are interested only in getting tribal and farm land for the bullet train and samruddhi expressway (mumbai-nagpur) projects.
fadnavis is more interested in gujarats development than that of palghar, he alleged.
the sena and bjp have been governing the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) together since 1997 with the sena playing the lead role.
(source: file photo) the sena and bjp have been governing the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) together since 1997 with the sena playing the lead role.
(source: file photo)a day after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis hit out at the former bjp ally for alleged extortion, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray hit back and said there was a fear among many that fadnavis had become the cm of goons.
the sena had earlier alleged that the bjp had gone on a spree to induct people with criminal antecedents.
the earlier image of the cm has been maligned.
people now fear if he has become the chief minister of goons, the shiv sena president told reporters in mumbai on sunday.
fadnavis had saturday launched a blistering attack on the sena, in the aftermath of the latter deciding to snap ties with the bjp ahead of the civic polls.
addressing a gathering of bjp workers in mumbai as part of the partys vijay sankalp melava (resolve for victory rally) in goregaon saturday, the same venue where uddhav had on january 26 announced the split, fadnavis alleged that sena was into extortion, calling uddhav duryodhana.
he also alleged that the sena was not keen to bring transparency into the functioning of urban local bodies such as the brihanmumbai municipal corporation.
the cm had earlier said no one can become the prime minister simply by giving a speech from the red fort.
similarly, nobody becomes lord krishna just because one thinks (of himself) so, uddhav said while taking a swipe at the cm, who mumbai bjp chief ashish shelar had referred to as krishna.
uddhav also taunted the bjp for failing to honour its poll promise of building a ram temple in ayodhya.
they (the bjp) must be looking for the bricks they had collected earlier.
if they find those bricks, may be they will build the temple.
mandir banayenge, par kab banayenge (you will build the temple, but when will you), asked the sena chief.
b'chief minister devendrafadnavis chief minister devendrafadnavis state government is working on a draft proposal to segregate and shift agriculture feeders from coal-based power to solar energy through a long-term policy aimed at making both agriculture and industries financially sustainable.
highly placed sources in the energy ministry said, power supply to farmers in maharashtra is heavily subsidised at 85 paise per unit.
as a result, rs 8,000 crore financial burden incurred on subsidy given to farmers is partly recovered from industrial and domestic consumers.
this leads to higher power rates for industrial sector as well as domestic consumers.
non-recovery of dues from agriculture is also steeply rising having crossed rs 15,000 crore.
watch video: whats making newsthrough its policy reforms being worked out, it is felt the state government should completely segregate agriculture feeders from non-agriculture feeders both in terms of logistic and financial implications.
the package of rs 8,000 crore which goes in subsidy can be invested in solar power.
if sizeable 1.
37 crore farmers shift from thermal power to solar energy, it would bring down cost of thermal energy as well as unburden the industrial sector.
the average cost of power is rs 5.
50 per unit to rs 6.
50 per unit.
however, farmers get power at 85 paise to re 1 per unit.
whereas, industries have to shell out rs 8.
50 to rs 9.
50 per unit.
the government reckons that the agriculture sector will have to be provided with an energy model that is cost effective and sustainable.
maharashtra, reeling under the fourth consecutive drought, has exempted farmers from paying electricity bills.
as a result recovery from agriculture has been very low.
chief minister devendrafadnavis at a meeting suggested, the process of shifting agriculture power to solar energy in a phased manner should be taken up keeping in mind the 15 to 20 years horizon.
coal-based power is unlikely to come down if not substantially rise in next two decades.
he also expressed concern over the outcry from industries to address the high power tariff to make them more competitive with neighbouring states.
although energy minister chandrashekhar bawnakule has initiated steps in these directions, promising to replace the existing 40 lakh agriculture pumps with more efficient ones, the bigger task is to mobilise revenue for the energy sector.
fadnavis indicated that the initiative to plug mismanagement in coal supply policy has helped to save rs 700-800 crore.
the centres coal policy has provided assured coal linkages.
the abundance of quality coal nearby has helped check outgoing foreign exchange for purchasing coal from abroad.
while there is adequate domestic coal supply, the concern relates to better management in terms of corrupt practices.
union power minister piyush goyal has seriously noted the complaint from the state energy minister over irregularities in coal quantum supplied through railway wagons.
the state government pointed out that, the railway wagons holding capacity varied but they uniformly charged higher rates.
the theft was exposed by bawankule through personal inspection.
another reform to boost revenue relates to enforcing electricity duty on consumers seeking electricity from third party instead of state agencies.
this would help the state earn rs 450 crore annually.
the government will bring a legislation in the monsoon session through amendment in the maharashtra state electricity duty act.
in what is likely to be the last reshuffle-cum-expansion before the maharashtra assembly elections, chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday expanded his cabinet adding 12 new ministers.
governor p vidyasagar rao administered the oath of office and secrecy to the ministers at raj bhawan.
advertisingformer congress leader radhakrishna vikhe patil was inducted along with shiv senas jaidutta kshirsaga.
the bjp leaders who were sworn-in include ashish shelar (mumbai), anil bonde (amravati region), atul save (aurangabad), sanjay kute (shegaon, buldhana), suresh khadse (sangli) and sanjay beghde (maval).
meanwhile, fadnavis also added avinash mahatekar of republican party of india as a minister of state (mos).
cabinet expansion:at the swearing-in ceremony of the newly inducted ministers in #teammaharashtra !
https://t.
co/hanpaxsoxs  devendrafadnavis (@dev_fadnavis) june 16, 2019maharashtra housing minister prakash mehta and five other state ministers quit their posts, an official in the chief ministers office (cmo) told pti.
the housing minister had courted controversy over a slum redevelopment project.
although the project was stayed and the decision overruled by the cm, the entire matter was investigated.
earlier, fadnavis had also held a meeting with shiv sena president uddhav thackeray and apprised him about the cabinet expansion.
at present, there are at least four important portfolios which are being handled by ministers as an additional charge.
after the death of pandurang phundkar last year, the agriculture portfolio has been held as additional charge by revenue minister chandrakant patil.
after bjp minister girish bapat moved to the lok sabha after winning the pune seat, the food, civil supplies and public distribution portfolio have been handed an additional charge to jai kumar rawal.
shiv sena minister deepak sawant had to resign a few months ago as he was not renominated by the party to the state council.
the health portfolio which he held has been entrusted to senior minister eknath shinde.
there are four important portfolios awaiting full-fledged ministers, so the cm has the scope to induct at least four new ministers, a bjp source said.
the total strength of the state cabinet should not exceed 42.
at present, there are 37 ministers.
b'a short-term and a long-term policy have been drafted to tackle the plastic menace.
(express photo by sahil walia/file) a short-term and a long-term policy have been drafted to tackle the plastic menace.
(express photo by sahil walia/file)the maharashtra government has taken the decision to ban the use of plastic in two phases, a notification for which will be issued soon.
the decision was taken at the cabinet meeting led by chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday night.
the government cited environmental and public health concerns for taking the significant step which would be strictly enforced in a time-bound manner.
earlier, state environment minister ramdas kadam had said the ban would be enforced on march 18.
a senior cabinet minister requesting anonymity said: the government has taken the decision to get rid of use of plastic in two phases.
a short-term and a long-term policy have been drafted to tackle the plastic menace.
all the small and medium-scale industries and big industries which are involved in plastic businesses would be provided an adequate time frame to switch over to alternative modes of businesses.
various business models have been recommended by the government along with employment to the people engaged in the plastic industries.
the state environment department has conveyed that the ban would be for all polythene bags, specified type of plastic sheets, flags, flexes and banners, plastic and thermocol items such as plates, cups, glasses, forks, bowls and spoons.
the supply of milk in plastic bags will have to be replaced with environmental friendly containers or bottles.
gradually, all types of food supply which is packaged in plastic will have to be replaced with environment friendly containers and boxes.
cloth bags, bio-degradable containers, bottles, plates, cups and others items would be promoted to help plastic industry to explore alternative business.
the decision will be enforced across rural and urban maharashtra.
all municipal corporations, municipal councils, district collectors and chief executive officers of the zilla parishads have been sensitised to ensure its implementation in their respective regions.
the government also intends to provide some incentives to those who strictly adhere to the ban decision.
there is also a proposal to slap a penalty such as non-renewing of licences for shops and industries which violate the decision.
ravi jashnani, president of the maharashtra plastic manufacturing association, said, merely banning plastic is not the solution.
even in the past, the government had banned plastic bags below 50 microns.
however, it is available in the illegal market.
even this time around, banning plastic will only create a second market for illegal bags, causing losses to the government.
expressing disappointment over the pace of the investigation into the murder of rationalist narendra dabholkar, the maharashtra andhshradha nirmulan samiti (mans) on wednesday alleged that there is no political will to pursue the case.
advertisingthe real culprits, the mastermind behind the killing are walking free.
there is political apathy shown by both congress and bjp-led governments in maharashtra, and at the centre, in probing the murder of narendra dabholkar and other rationalist activists, said avinash patil, executive president of mans.
dabholkar (67) was shot dead by two assailants at the omkareshwar bridge in pune on august 20, 2013.
mans is planning to start a social media campaign tagging maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and prime minister narendra modi to demand the arrest of the mastermind behind dabholkars murder.
we will start a campaign jawab do, sutrdhar kaun, said patil.
august will mark the 30th anniversary of the mans, which was set up in august 1989 by dabholkar and his peers.
the organisation has organised a three-day international conference on rationalism for the development of humanity in mumbai, starting august 9.
the opposition parties are drawing up strategies to use the debate on crop loan waiver in the ongoing budget session to create a wedge between the shiv sena and bjp.
sensing that the shiv sena has been aggressive in seeking crop loan waiver for farmers, the congress and ncp are mooting a proposal to expose the saffron divide.
leader of opposition in the state legislature council dhananjay munde will moot a proposal on crop loan waiver followed by voting, sources said.
watch what else is making newsa highly placed source in the ncp told the indian express, we will insist on a debate on crop loan waiver followed by voting.
we want to see what stand the shiv sena, which is an alliance partner in the government, takes on the farmers issue in the council.
the opposition is quick to point out that shiv sena ministers and leaders have been in the forefront when it comes to attacking the bjp government for not waiving the crop loan of farmers in maharashtra.
in the council which has 78 seats, the congress (20) and ncp (23) are in majority compared to the shiv sena (9) and bjp (17).
there are six independents and three seats representing different groups.
although voting in the upper house where members are indirectly elected is not seen as a comment on the government, the congress and ncp appears set to put the shiv sena on the mat on the critical issue related to farmers.
however, congress and ncp leaders have not taken any concrete decision on their strategy to be adopted in the state legislature assembly, reckoning that the bjp with 122 seats in the 288-seat house is the single largest party.
a senior shiv sena minister on condition of anonymity told the indian express, the congress and ncps ploy to create a rift between the ruling bjp and shiv sena will not work in the budget session.
the shiv sena has already urged chief minister devendrafadnavis to consider its demand for crop loan waiver.
fadnavis has already given assurance to look into the matter.
a shiv sena political manager said, whether it is the state assembly or council, we will speak on the agriculture crisis.
but we are not going to vote against the fadnavis government.
a sena minister said, the chief minister has planned to lead a delegation to delhi to meet prime minister narendra modi and seek more financial aid for farmers.
in a major blow to opposition unity in maharashtra, three mlas from the ncp and one from the congress joined the ruling bjp on wednesday, a day after they tendered their resignations from the legislative assembly.
advertisingthe bjp might field the four in the assembly elections due later this year, depending on how the seat-sharing deal between the bjp and ally shiv sena shapes up, sources in the saffron party said.
the three ncp mlas who switched their loyalties are shivendraraje bhosale from satara, sandeep naik from airoli in navi mumbai, and vaibhav pichad from akole in ahmednagar district.
the lone congress mla is kalidas kolambkar from wadala in mumbai.
the mlas joined the ruling party in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis and state bjp unit president chandrakant patil on wednesday morning.
advertisingvaibhav pichads father and former state tribal development minister madhukar pichad, also attended the function.
pichad senior enjoys good relations with congress turncoat and current housing minister radhakrishna vikhe patil of the bjp.
pichad and kolambkar have generally contested against shiv sena candidates in past elections, except in 2014, when the sena and the bjp had contested separately in all the 288 assembly seats, a bjp leader said.
sandeep naik is the son of ncp strongman and former minister from navi mumbai, ganesh naik.
kolambkar, a seven-term lawmaker at present, was originally with the shiv sena before joining the congress.
bhosale, who belongs to the royal house of chhatrapati shivaji, is locked in a turf war in satara with his cousin udayanraje bhosale, the ncp mp from satara.
the sharad pawar-led nationalist congress party (ncp) has been hit by a string of desertions with many party leaders either joining the bjp or the shiv sena.
on sunday, pawar accused the ruling bjp of misusing probe agencies and state-run financial bodies to compel the opposition leaders to join their fold.
the mlas and other leaders who quit the congress and the ncp have taken the stand that they were joining the bjp or sena to ensure development of their constituencies.
senior bjp leader and maharashtra water resources minister girish mahajan recently claimed that at least 50 mlas of the congress and the ncp were in touch with the bjp to switch over ahead of the polls.
advertisingin the 2014 elections, the bjp won 122 seats and the shiv sena 63.
the congress and the ncp had won 42 and 41 seats, respectively.
mla laxman jagtap, azam pansare and mla mahesh landge in pimpri on monday.
express mla laxman jagtap, azam pansare and mla mahesh landge in pimpri on monday.
expressin yet another jolt to ajit pawar-led ncp in pimpri-chinchwad, azam pansare, a heavyweight leader and muslim face of the party, has joined the bjp which has taken up an agressive campaign to capture the pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation.
pansare is the second top leader after mla mahesh landge to be roped in by bjp besides nine sitting corporators.
watch what else is making newspansare joined bjp in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai on late sunday evening.
incidentally, mla laxman jagtap, who has had a long bitter rivalry with pansare, was also present along with another mla mahesh landge.
jagtap and pansare have apparently patched up and have decided to work as a team to achieve bjps objective of snatching power from ncp.
bjp had first roped in independent mla mahesh landge whose proximity to ajit pawar was well-known.
after landges entry, bjp managed to rope in nine corporators, four of them belonging to ncp.
and now with pansare making it to the party, bjp believes that it has answered its critics who called it a party with an anti-minority outlook.
we have had several muslim leadersbut azam pansare is biggest of them all, said bjp general secretary sarang kamtekar.
pointing out that bjp was not anti-minority, kamtekar said, with pansare joining bjp, we have once again proved that we are not an anti-minority, he said.
ncp conceded that it has lost a strong leader.
we will try to compensate for the loss, said ncp leader yogesh behl.
ncp lamented that despite pansare getting what he wanted in the party, he chose to dump it.
we gave him ticket for contesting mla and mp elections, but people did not accept him.
it was not our partys fault, said behl.
ncp is now left with leaders like vilas lande, mangala kadam and anna bansode.
bjp leaders said it will not be easy for the party to manage both jagtap and pansare who had fought bitter elections in the past and are known for their dislike for each other.
however, kamtekar said in the interest of the party, both leaders are ready to work together.
thats why pansare is in the party, he said.
at a press conference on monday evening, pansare said he joined the bjp as it has a vision for development of pimpri-chinchwad.
jagtap said he has forgotten the past and will work unitedly all leaders including pansare.
its time to correct the past mistakes, he said.
