maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: even as the civic standing committee a few days ago gave its nod to the bmc administration to increase water charges in the city by 2.
48 per cent, it has come to light that as many as 18 maharashtra state ministers including the chief minister devendrafadnavis have not paid their water bills over the past several years.
chief minister devendra fadnavis's bungalow 'varsha' has been mentioned in the defaulter list by the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc).
varsha bungalow has been declared a defaulter by bmc as rs 7,44,981 water bill is pending.
the above reply was given in a right to information (rti) query filed by shakeel ahmed shaikh, from the ngo adhikar foundation.
bmc officials from the hydraulic department are yet to confirm the same.
the chief minister's bungalow situated in malabar hill area in mumbai is the official residence of the maharashtra chief minister.
names of over a dozen other maharashtra ministers, including sudhir mungantiwar, pankaja munde and ramdas kadam are also in the list of defaulters who did not pay the water bill.
as per the rti reply given, the water charges have been pending since 2001.
currently, domestic users are paying the bmc water charges of rs 5.
22 per thousand litres of water.
out of this amount, 70  is a sewerage charge.
meanwhile, water charges to be paid by slums is rs 4.
33 per thousand litres.
medium irrigation project dina near chamorshi, prime ministers housing schemes, rehabilitation of project-affected-people (pap), digging 11,000 agricultural wells, creation of employments opportunities, internet connectivity to gram panchayats, loan waiver, enhancing tele-communication, equipping libraries with books, electrification and expediting the work of wadsa-gadchiroli rail line were discussed in the meeting.
gadchiroli mp ashok nete, guardian minister raje ambrishrao atram, chief secretary (cs) sumit mallik, additional cs pravin pardeshi, guardian secretary vikas kharge, mlas dr devrao holi and krushna gajbe among others.
officials from chandrapur district were also present also attended the meeting.
fadnavis suggested formation of a task-force under kharge for co-ordination among different departments to complete 16 pending lift irrigation projects by powering them with solar power.
he also asked kharge to co-ordinate with forest department for acquiring land upto one hectare for installing solar feeder projects needed for irrigation purposes.
mla holi demanded the dina dam to be accorded the status of major project for which added budgetary allocations were required.
he also stressed on appointment of a full-time executive enginner for overseeing the progress and maintenance of irrigation and water resources projects in the district.
a budgetary allocation of rs 4.
92 crore was made for district collector asr naik for rehabilitating people displaced by kosri project.
fadnavis also directed the officials to deploy retired deputy executive engineers on contract basis for completing the pending road works under prime minister village road projects.
cm also ensured additional rs 6 crore were sanctioned for hiring the expert manpower on contract so as to complete the works on time.
he asked the senior officials to ensure local contractors were awarded civil works of various government schemes through which 24,569 beneficiaries would be served by 2019.
the cm expressed his intention to ensure 250 contractors are benefited from gadchiroli.
he alloted a time frame of one month for empanelling the contractors.
gadchiroli collector naik informed the cm that more than rs 57 crore had been deposited in the accounts of various farmers under the loan-waiver scheme.
the cm urged the district administration to provide broadband connectivity to 210 gram panchayats and include all revenue divisions and health centres within the scheme of connecting gadchiroli through district planning committee funds.
nagpur: they are convicts or wrongdoers imprisoned for the crimes they committed, but jail inmates proved on friday evening that there is much more to them than they are thought of.
timiratun tejakade, a cultural programme organized by maharashtra skill development (prisons) department, brought out the dance and acting talents in them, at dr vasantrao deshpande hall prisoners from dhule, nashik, nagpur and pune, besides others, showcased their art at the show.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , mayor nanda jichkar , home secretary shrikant singh pradhan, adg (prisons) bhushan kumar upadhyay and deputy inspector general of prisons (east) yogesh desai inaugurated the event.
speaking on the occasion, fadnavis congratulated the administration for the initiative.
there are many beautiful things in life, and through this initiative, i hope inmates value their talent.
jail is not for punishment, but for correction.
if you lose way in life, you should again find a way is the purpose.
through this event, the value of humanity is encouraged, he said.
several programmes are carried out inside jails, and outlets have been opened to market the goods made by the inmates so that they could earn money.
we should all look at inmates through a humanitarian perspective, he said.
in his address, upadhyay said that the department started the event in 2015 as the cm had expressed desire to make it an annual affair.
desai shared how officers, at times, felt depressed in their efforts, but the cms backing gave them strength to work with renewed energy.
the concept of the show revolved around two friends, a police inspector and an inmate, and was interspersed with a plethora of dance songs performed in groups.
the programme began with a peppy foot-tapping prayer song deva ho deva, in obeisance to lord ganapati.
it was followed by an all-women performance, dressed in saffron headgear and yellow saris.
the show encompassed devotional, folk, bollywood as well as patriotic songs, and the inmates impressed the audience with their moves.
drums and acrobatic steps in between evoked loud cheers.
in this world, there is ram and ravan .
only we can kill the devil in us, said the inspector to his convict friend in the show.
the narrative revolved from being funny to motivational.
chham chham from movie baaghi, baby ko bass pasand hain from sultan and jumme ki raat were some of the dance numbers presented.
pune: chief minister devendrafadnavis called pune the next growth engine after signing a memorandum of understanding ( mou ) with the singapore government on wednesday to draw up a development plan for pune metropolitan region development authority ( pmrda ).
fadnavis said the agreement is a milestone in bilateral relations.
in the last 50 years, mumbai was the growth engine of maharashtra.
in the next 20-30 years, pune will don this role.
so, we have entrusted the master plan work of pune metropolitan region to surbana jurong, who are global experts in this sector, he said.
on wednesday, the mou was signed by the state government with international enterprise singapore for the development plan of the region that covers 7,357sqkm.
singapores minister in-charge of trade relations s iswaran in mumbai and pmrdas metropolitan commissioner kiran gitte and other officials from the urban development department, and guardian minister girish bapat were present for the signing of the mou.
the draft will be prepared in 10 months and approved in two years.
iswaran said, we will start with the master plan for pune metropolitan region but expand to the airport and housing sectors.
singapore will nominate an entity to prepare the draft plan and detailed land-use in the pune metropolitan region, and develop centres as models for future development.
a joint working group would be set up with members from both governments to make sure that the projects are implemented in a time-bound manner.
the master plan for 50 years will include residential areas for a projected population of 20 million, industrial areas need support like logistics park and container depot, water supply and solid waste management issues, connectivity to purandar airport, boost to tourism and increasing employment generation.
new delhi: demanding a thorough and fair probe into bhima-koregaon violence after the arrest of five dalit activists with alleged maoist links, congress on friday accused bjp of doublespeak as it cited remarks of union minister ramdas athawale who said followers of ambedkar could not be naxalites and there was no relation of elgaar parishad with violence.
union minister ramdas athawale calls arrests of dalit activists as 'injustice' and says no relation of elgar parishad with violence'.
maharashtra government describes them as maoist operatives'.
who is lying?
congress spokesperson randeep surjewala asked.
a fair investigation, bereft of politics, is the need of the hour, he said.
he said terrorism, naxalism and extremism are unacceptable as no one knew it better than congress, which sacrificed mahatama gandhi, indira gandhi and rajiv gandhi, besides beant singh, v c shukla and nand kumar patel among others.
surjewala's comment came shortly after congress's maharashtra leader sanjay nirupam alleged that a letter, purportedly containing maoist plot to assassinate pm narendra modi , may be a plant.
i am not saying this is completely untrue, but it has been prime minister modi's old tactic, since he was chief minister of gujarat.
whenever his popularity declines, news of an assassination plot is planted.
so, it should be probed how much truth is in it this time, he said.
the cpm said the court should decide the matter.
former member of parliament nilotpal basu said, the matter is sub judice and we hope that the truth is revealed before the court.
basu also said attempts to link bhima-koregaon violence with alleged threat to the prime minister were problematic.
we have said that it is strange that the people who were supporting the dalits and demanding that their rights be protected have been arrested in relation to the case, while those who are known to have fuelled the violence have been allowed to go scot free, he said.
on friday, athawale condemned the anti-national elements hatching such a conspiracy against the pm, but also ran down the arrest of dalit activists.
ambedkarites were attacked at bhima-koregaon.
no naxalite was involved in the maharashtra bandh which was called to protest against the attack.
nor was there any naxalite in the elgar parishad.
action should be taken against those arrested for alleged naxalite links if there is evidence, he said.
the nda minister added.
ambedkarites can never be naxalites and naxalites can never be ambedkarites.
i will speak to (maharashtra) chief minister devendrafadnavis if there are any genuine ambedkarites among those arrested, he said.
devendra fadanvisdownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis assured that the state government will increase the number of undergraduate and post graduate medical seats to accommodate students if reservation to various communities would affect admission due to seat constraints.
he also gave an option to affected students that they should seek admission in private colleges for which the state will reimburse their current years tuition fees.
fadnavis was speaking to the delegation of save merit, save nation movement at sahyadri guest house on sunday.
cm added that a system will be set up to study the all issues includes admissions of the open category students and find out suitable measures to resolve them.
the state is implementing 50   tuition fees reimbursement scheme for 604 courses for the economically weaker open category students through rajarshee chhatrapati shahu maharaj educational reimbursement scheme.
besides, scholarship for education in foreign universities is given to the students of obc and open category students, he added.
the meeting was attended by chief ministers principal secretary bhushan gagarani, secretary of medical education and medicine department dr sanjay mukherjee, eye specialist and dean dr tatyarao lahane, and delegation members dr sanjay deshpande, dr anup marar, anil laddhad.
the special campaign will go on throughout march.
fadnavis was addressing a news meet ahead of the budget session of the legislature, which starts from monday.
fadnavis clarified on the loan waiver schemes status.
we received over 67 lakh applications from farmers under the scheme.
more than 54 lakh applications have been cleared and the funds have been given to banks for over 46 lakh accounts.
nearly 13 lakh applications were forwarded to the taluka committees for scrutiny, said fadnavis.
those who could not submit their loan waiver application for various reasons can apply from march 1 to 31, he said.
fadnavis warned that district cooperative central banks (dccbs) could be dissolved if they charged interest to farmers for the duration between the announcement of the loan waiver scheme and actual disbursement.
clarifying on the assistance to be given to farmers affected from hailstorms and pink bollworm attack, fadnavis said the survey has been completed and actual disbursement is in process.
the state has demanded rs 2,400 crore aid from the union government.
the government has helped farmer dharma patils family by making ex-gratia payment as there is no provision in the law to make changes once the compensation for the land acquisition has been accepted, he said.
patil committed suicide by consuming poison in mantralaya.
he also announced that the work on the development plan 2034 will be completed by march 31.
nagpur: stating that the increasing number of public grievances on pollution is causing a great turbulence in its day-to-day functioning, the maharashtra pollution control board ( mpcb ) has constituted a third-party vigilance team to carry out surprise inspections in the state.
consisting of experts from the national environmental engineering research institute (neeri), indian institute of technology (iit), central or regional laboratory and board members, the team is initially being constituted for the jurisdiction of five regional offices of the board in mumbai metropolitan region  mumbai, navi mumbai, raigad, thane and kalyan.
as per an order issued by mpcb member secretary p anbalagan, the team, which will initially have a six-month term and can be extended by the board, will focus on highly polluting units generating toxic effluents and emissions, major hazardous waste and other pollutants.
apart from this, units against which complaints are received will also be monitored.
the board is taking specific measures to safeguard the teams functioning.
as per the directives, the team will only act on confidential directions issued either by mpcb chairman or member secretary.
the team leader will submit an investigation reports in confidence within seven days.
such reports will be reviewed by the member secretary after which necessary action will be taken, the order stated.
with pollution becoming a proliferating problem, the initiative to set-up a dedicated third-party team is expected to assist the under-staffed board.
the order mentions that the increasing number of complaints regarding air, water, noise, municipal solid waste, plastic waste and hazardous waste pollution in the state has not just resulted in piling up of right to information applications but also a spiral of grievances on public portal of prime minister narendra modi and state chief minister devendra fadnavis.
such complaints are inviting public interest litigations, writ petitions in high court and applications before the national green tribunal, the order added.
after consultation with the head of concerned division, the team is at liberty to form an action plan and timeline.
the team can use sampling equipment and staff of the boards sub-regional officers for sampling, document, verification and report preparation, anbalagan stated.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis waves at his supporters during 'mahajanadesh yatra' at islampur i.
.
.
read morekolhapur: swabhimani shetkari sanghtana (sss) workers tried to block the chief minister devendrafadnavis convoy by pelting the vehicles with eggs and releasing hens of the kadaknath breed on the road in sangli on monday.
the sss workers attempted to stop the convoy along the islampur-palus road.
however, supporters of the bjp dragged them away.
the protest was led by district sss president mahesh kharade.
he said the cm was protecting minister sadabhau khot.
hundreds of farmers invested in the kadaknath poultry scam floated by khot and his relatives.
they were duped.
cases have been registered against the firms directors.
we want action to be taken against khot as well.
he is denying links with the scam.
but we have provided the proof, said kharade.
raju shetti, the leader of the farmers outfit, has lodged a complaint against khot and the directors of the firm and has demanded the ministers resignation.
shetti too has alleged that the cm is protecting khot.
activists say the hugely expensive dam-linking project entails a misallocation of resources, which are better .
.
.
read moremumbai: the maharashtra government has cleared tendering for the 4,800 crore beed phase of the marathwada water grid project which is aimed at connecting 11 major dams in the arid region in order to provide piped drinking water to households in this water scarce region.
the aim is to draw water from dams which have some water to regions which have very little water.
then the water will go through treatment plants and from there to households, said p velrasu, member secretary of the maharashtra jeevan pradhikaran (mjp) which is implementing the project.
the project consultant is israel's national water supply company mekorot.
initially tenders will be issued for the beed and aurangabad-jalna regions, which had been cleared earlier.
the project for the entire marathwada region which includes 8 districts, is slated to cost rs 16,000 crore.
the aurangabad-jalna phase is expected to cost rs 4,293 crore.
besides tapping water from the dams within marathwada, the project will also utilise water from four dams in the nasik region.
finally, the water grid will also connect to the damanganga-pinjal and par-tapi-narmada river linking projects which are expected to provide 73 tmc of water to marathwada.
the project, has however, met with local opposition.
the people of marathwada have not been taken into confidence about this project and the money should instead be used to address the unequal water distribution to the region.
we have grave doubts about the need and effectiveness of the project, says activist anna sawant, who was part of the marathwada water grid parishad.
the parishad has sent a letter to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the activists also questioned the effectiveness of the state's flagship water conservation project jalyukta shivar.
since the state claims that jalyukta shivar was successful, what is the need for a water grid?
the parishad has asked.
they also said that the israeli company mekorot had no experience in implementing such a project.
the aim is to draw water from dams which have some water to regions which have very little water.
then the water will go through treatment plants and from there to householdsthe aim is to draw water from dams which have some water to regions which have very little water.
then the water will go through treatment plants and from there to households.
mumbai: ex-revenue minister eknath khadse , who quit over allegations of impropriety in a land deal , said in the assembly on tuesday that his image was tarnished by baseless, unproven allegations.
of another case, he said, they claimed my pa took rs 20-30 crore bribe.
a probe revealed i have no pa, he said, asking what the government plans to do against those making false allegations against netas.
we should have a meeting with legislators and decide what is the logical end to such cases.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed an inquiry after a resident from saki naka slums complained that his sister's house was declared illegal and demolished despite the structure having all necessary permissions.
slumdweller ravi yadav had raised the complaint during the lokshahi din on monday.
yadav alleged that the authorities, in collusion with a developer, had denied legal status to his sister's house and had demolished it.
fadnavis has ordered an inquiry and demanded a report.
fadnavis ordered officials to dispose of citizens' pending cases in the next three days.
he told them that they should not wait for cases to come up in front of him on lokshahi din and should act on them independently.
the cm heard 23 cases on monday.
devendra fadnavisdownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: cm devendrafadnavis will finally reshuffle his cabinet on sunday, a day before the state legislatures monsoon session begins and four months before the assembly elections are to be held.
bjp chief amit shah approved the rejig proposal after the cm met him in new delhi on saturday.
if a senior cabinet member is to be believed, it has been proposed to induct 13 new cabinet ministers and drop eight.
among those likely to be dropped are three cabinet ministersprakash mehta (housing), vishnu savra (tribal development) and rajkumar badole (social justice)and two ministers of stateraje ambarish atram (tribal development) and dilip kamble (social justice).
all five are from the bjp.
the lokayukta had recently passed strictures against mehta in the tardeo m p mill compound slum redevelopment case, where he is alleged to have taken decisions benefiting a developer.
among the new entrants in the cabinet will be veteran congress leader and former leader of opposition radhakrishna vikhe patil, who rebelled against the congress after his son sujay was denied a ticket for the lok sabha elections, and ncp legislator jaidutta kshirsagar, who joined the shiv sena a month ago.
vikhe patil has quit as congress mla but is still to join the bjp.
new faces have been decided after deliberations with the bjp high command.
defectors have been given top priority, the cabinet member said.
sarangkheda (nandurbar); chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday visited the famous chetak festival here, one of the oldest horse festivals in asia.
performing the bhoomipujan for the proposed horse museum, fadnavis said he would make every effort to make the event an international attraction.
we will make this event as an international-level gathering of horse traders, breeders, experts and horse lovers across the globe, he said.
the museum will have a detailed account on the history of horses, the breeds and the importance of sarangkheda.
it will also exhibit rare photographs.
a national horse research centre will start in three years along with a full-fledged hospital for animals, said fadnavis.
this story is from january 4, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: the process of upgradation of the government dental college and hospital will be kicked off on friday by bringing three major super speciality hospitals (ssh) into a new building.
it will be called as the golden jubilee annex building of ground plus five floors as the college is celebrating its golden jubilee this year.
all this will help gdch meet the dental council of india norms for both undergraduate and post graduate students.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari will unveil the plague of the new building at 4.
30pm on friday.
the government has sanctioned rs22.
47 lakh for the project.
gdch has already received rs2.
5 crore for the project as first instalment.
the gdch will now also have departments of cosmetic dentistry, oral implantology and digital dentistry.
it will have state of art central research lab for phd scholars, virtual digital classrooms for ug students, advanced e-library, advanced simulation pre-clinical labs.
the ug students will also be trained in skill development.
at present we have classrooms for just 30 students but now intake has increased to 50 and we need classrooms of 800 sq ft each.
the new building will have four such classrooms.
we have 19 post graduate students.
now we can increase that capacity too.
this was required by the dci for recognition of the college, said the gch dean dr sindhu ganvir.
all the departments will be completely digitized.
all reports including x-ray will be available to each doctor in his own room for any reference.
the cad-cam machine from gdch will be shifted to the new building.
it will also have a maxillofacial prosthesis section where all congenital (by birth) defects of face will be corrected through prosthesis.
it will also have a forensic odontology wing.
it will help in identifying the age of a person.
all the pre-clinical branches which are running short of space in the existing premises will be accommodated in the new building.
the new building will be a green building.
it will have a water harvesting system, heritage architectural elevation, auto shut generators, huge entrance core, solar water heating system, facilities for specially abled persons and firefighting protection system.
the total project is coming up in 22,000 sq ft area next to the existing dental college near the main building of the government medical college and hospital.
this story is from february 3, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari on saturday performed e-bhoomipuja of 13 works collectively valued at over rs367.
64 crore, in jaitala bazar chowk which falls in the formers constituency.
the works included orange city street, cement road works and laying of underground electric cables.
gadkari said that the orange city street project was his dream.
the proposed mall here will improve the financial condition of the cash-strapped nagpur municipal corporation as it will earn rs150 crore property tax every year.
besides, it will also generate 5,000 jobs for nagpurians, he said.
the project is spread over 31.
15 hectares on the 5.
5km long stretch of land from wardha road to jaitala t-point via khamla, bhamti, parsodi and takli.
the rs2,500 crore proposed orange city street will be developed in three phases over eight years with residential, commercial, hospitality, retail and recreational facilities.
the other projects will also help nmc to earn rs750 crore.
gadkari also announced that facilities like swimming pool, community centre etc will be provided on the orange city street at very affordable rates.
for rs100 per month, access can be had to an international-standard gym, said gadkari.
fadnavis said that the state government has taken utmost care to avoid land acquisition while carrying out infrastructure work.
we have already approached the supreme court for deletion of zhudpi jungle where slums have come up, he said.
the cm claimed that only 70 houses will be affected in constructing a new taxiway at the airport.
the affected families will be settled in their original jaitala bhamti locality, he added.
district guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule, mlc anil sole, mla sudhakar kohle, mayor nanda jichkar, nmc ruling party leader sandip joshi, collector ashwin mudgal , municipal commissioner abhijit bangar, md mahametro b dixit among others were present at the programme.
picture used for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: a report on equitable water distribution across mumbai has been prepared and the maharashtra government will ask the city civic body to implement it, minister of state for urban development yogesh sagar said on thursday.
he was responding to a question raised by ncp member rahul narvekar through a calling attention notice in the state legislative council.
a comprehensive report on equitable water distribution for mumbai city and its suburban areas is ready.
the report will be shared with the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) soon and the civic body will be asked to implement it, sagar said in the house.
to another question, he said people living on forest land in mumbai for years were not getting adequate drinking water supply, but the government will soon ensure it for them.
the mumbai civic body loses around 25 to 27 per cent water due to leakages, sagar noted.
the government is trying hard to minimise such losses so that it can cater to the growing drinking water demand, he said.
sagar said though the number of city's permanent residents is limited, its floating population (those who keep moving from place to place) puts a lot of pressure on the administration.
it is necessary to supply 270 litre of water per person in city areas, mainly due to the pressure of the floating population, the minister said.
mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday slammed opposition parties for blaming electronic voting machines (evms) for poll reverses, claiming voters have only prime minister narendra modi in mind.
addressing a gathering in sangamner in ahmednagar district, fadnavis said the problem was not in the evms but in the khopdi (head) of these parties.
the evm is just a machine.
the people who go to vote approach the evm with only modi ji in their minds.
so they vote for the bjp and shiv sena.
the problem is not in the machine, but in your khopdi, he said, taunting them to get used to being in the opposition.
people will not vote you (opposition) to power in the next 25 years.
you had so much arrogance but people taught you a lesson by voting you out, he said.
fadnavis on friday embarked on the third phase of his mahajanadesh yatra from ahmednagar district.
he held a road show in akole, the assembly seat of vaibhav pichad, who recently quit the ncp and joined the bjp.
sangamner is the assembly constituency of maharashtra congress chief balasaheb thorat.
i am asked why take out a yatra when it is known which way the election is heading.
the opposition is finished.
i tell them when bjp is in opposition, we take out sanghursh yatra and while in power we take out sanvad yatra, he claimed.
this yatra is to have a dialogue with the common man about the work we have done in the last five years, and understand what is left to be done, he said.
listing the achievements of his government, fadnavis said he may not have been able to do everything that he promised, but he has definitely done more than what the previous congress-ncp government managed.
nagpur: while the union ministry of social justice and empowerment has issued guidelines to include patients of thalassaemia and sickle cell in the rights of persons with disabilities act, 2016, on january 4 this year, the maharashtra government is yet to implement the amendment.
the guidelines has identified 19 other disabilities for inclusion in the differently abled category too.
last week, paediatrician and the director of thalassaemia and sickle cell centre, nagpur, dr vinky rughwani met chief minister devendrafadnavis and submitted a memorandum requesting him to make provisions for the patients so that they can get a certificate of being differently abled.
the state government will have to issue letters to appropriate authorities such as the medical board which will then certify the patients.
it has been over two and a half months since the guidelines were issued.
it also proposes reservation for patients in education and employment.
the central government has done its job, the state has to act now.
if a disability certificate is not given to the patients who have been newly included in the act at the earliest, they will miss an academic year, said rughwani.
nagpur alone has about 6,000 patients of thalassaemia and an equal amount of sickle cell patients.
states such as madhya pradesh, rajasthan and gujarat have already started handing out disability certificates to patients of new included diseases, claimed rughwani.
rughwani added that the state government has been functioning at a slow pace due to seemingly less manpower.
he added that an officer should be appointed to look after the process in order to implement the task faster.
in order to bring patients of thalassaemia and sickle cell at par with other individuals, this reservation is crucial, says rughwani.
thalassaemia patients require frequent blood transfusions, while sickle cell patients suffer from pain crisis, making it difficult for them to perform like other students as they are admitted to hospital frequently, he said.
north nagpur mla dr milind mane and nagpur municipal corporations standing committee chairman vicky kukreja were also present at the time of submitting the memorandum.
the chief minister has promised to do the needful at the earliest, according to rughwani.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis is likely to reshuffle the state cabinet before the monsoon session of the maharashtra legislature , which begins in nagpur from july 4.
if a senior bjp cabinet member is to be believed, fadnavis may drop controversial housing minister prakash mehta, social justice minister rajkumar badole and minister of state for tribal development rajesh ambarishrao atram and induct mumbai bjp president ashish shelar and amravati legislator anil bonde.
the cabinet member said the cm expects adverse remarks against mehta for his alleged involvement in the sra scam.
the lokayukta is investigating charges of irregularities against mehta.
high-ranking officials of the housing department have deposed against him.
so it is felt it will be better to sack him before the crucial report is submitted to the governor, he said.
he said that in the case of mehta, it was found that he had created an impression that the proposed mooted by him for allegedly giving benefits to a developer had the approval of the cm.
however, the cm had distanced himself from the project and in fact stayed the proposal last year.
the cabinet member said both badole and raje ambarishraos performance was dismal, with both failing to improve their respective departments.
the cabinet member said the cm is keen on inducting morshi-based legislator anil bonde in the state cabinet in view of his massive contribution for the development of amravati district .
in fact, amravati legislator sunil deshmukh too was in the zone of consideration, but he has now been appointed as vice-chairman of the vidarbha irrigation development corporation.
mumbai bjp president ashish shelar, who has been elected to the state legislative assembly from bandra , is a strong contender from mumbai.
the cm is in favour of his induction as a cabinet minister, the cabinet member said.
pimpri chinchwad: chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed the pimpri chinchwad municipal corporation ( pcmc ) to stop the work order for the civic contracts for door-to-door collection, transportation and dumping of garbage at the moshi depot.
cm fadnavis has stopped the work order for the garbage contracts.
he has directed the municipal commissioner to study the contract and the rates.
a government official too will study the contract.
if any shortcomings are found, we will not hesitate even to re-invite the bids for these contracts, said laxman jagtap, the bjp mla from chinchwad and the partys pimpri chinchwad unit president.
the rate given by pcmc to garbage collection and transportation contractor was rs 1,800 per ton in the previous ncp rule.
now the pcmc has received the lowest rate of rs 1,740 per ton.
we will try to get an even lower rate, jagtap said.
when contacted, pcmc commissioner shravan hardikar said, i have received the information orally from the mla.
we have still not given any work order.
we are still verifying the rates with government experts.
the civic body has divided the city into two parts and will allot one contractor for each of them for garbage collection and transportation.
it expects the contractors to purchase their own vehicles and use their manpower for it.
but opposition parties have criticized the ruling bjp and civic administration for approving the contracts.
rahul kalate, the group leader of shiv sena corporators, said, the method used for preparing the estimated cost of the projects is wrong.
moreshwar bhondwe, ncp member of the standing committee, said, i have filed a petition in high court.
four members of ncp and one shiv sena member had opposed the proposal, but the bjp approved it due to its majority.
nashik: the inauguration of the much-awaited funicular trolley at the ancient saptashrungi shrine has to wait a little more as a few small but important corrective steps suggested by national disaster response force (ndrf) experts need to be implemented.
after inspecting the trolley on february 28, ndrf experts submitted a report to a private firm on march 1 where they suggested to make the uphill waiting arena durable enough to carry 120 plus individuals.
the suggested changes can be done within 24 hours.
the waiting arena where the trolleys will stop needs to be worked upon.
moreover, the ndrf has suggested adding a step near the entrance gate of the trolley to avoid devotees specially children or elderly persons from falling, said a senior engineer of the company who is overseeing the work.
meanwhile, test rides of the funicular trolley are being conducted on a daily basis.
officials said they are waiting for the final nod to the commercial operations.
pwd officials of kalwan circle said 98  of the work is done.
the ndrf suggestions will be implemented soon and the trolley can be open to the public at any point of time.
however, the final decision will be taken by the district administration and the state government, said a senior pwd official.
this is a first-of-its- kind trolley in maharashtra and will be the pride of the state.
so, we expect chief minister devendrafadnavis to inaugurate the trolley.
we are also searching for the auspicious muhurat to start commercial operations, said senior temple trustee sahebrao shinde the trolley is may be inaugurated on or before march 18 on the occasion of gudi padva or marathi new year.
the auspicious chaitra navaratri also begins on this day.
a number of devotees visit the temple during navaratra.
so, the trustees want to begin the commercial operations by gudi padva.
cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: additional commissioner (mmrda) praveen darade has been appointed as additional municipal commissioner in place of sanjay sethi, who has taken over as chairman, jawaharlal nehru port trust, while sonia sethi will replace darade.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday shifted more than a dozen ias officers of the rank of collector and zilla parishad chief executive officer.
deepak taware has been appointed solapur municipal commissioner in place of avinash dhakne, who has taken over as collector, jalgaon.
kolhapur collector avinash subhedar has been posted in urban development department as joint secretary, d b gawade as director, tourism, and b g pawar will be civic chief, vasai-virar municipal corporation.
pimpri chinchwad: chief minister devendrafadnavis has urged municipal commissioner shravan hardikar to form a technical committee to create a revised development plan (dp) of the old city areas.
six months ago, the urban development ministry had asked the pimpri chinchwad municipal corporation to revise its dp, along with financial estimates and stipulated time frame, and send it to the state government.
a 15-member team, led by deputy director of the town planning department in aurangabad, will start work on the revised dp, town planning officials said.
meanwhile, chief convener vijay patil has submitted a memorandum to fadnavis demanding that the proposed ring road, which would affect 3,500 houses of the old city areas, be scrapped.
mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday termed lynching as an inhuman act and called for stern action against perpetrators of such crimes.
talking to reporters in latur district during his ongoing 'mahajanadesh yatra', fadnavis also said he is a hindutvawadi person but with a scientific mindset.
several incidents of mob fury have come to light from various places across the county in recent times.
to a query on it, fadnavis said, mob lynching is inhuman and it is absolutely wrong.
the perpetrators should be ready to face the consequences for their actions.
there should be strict action against those involved in lynching.
when a reporter asked whether he, representing a hindutvawadi party, was considering financial aid for those performing 'yagnas' (ritual in front of sacred fire often with mantras) for good rainfall, fadnavis said, i am a hindutvawadi person but with a scientific temperament.
so far, there has been no need of carrying out any cloud seeding drive for artificial rains in the marathwada region, he said.
cloud seeing in a procedure under which an array of chemicals is used to aid precipitation in clouds.
there was a demand for facilitating artificial rains in the drought-prone marathwada some weeks back when the region was not receiving good monsoon showers.
however, the region has been receiving good rains since last four-five days, bridging the gap betwen the normal and actual precipitation.
14 dead, several injured in mumbai building fire 14 dead, several injured in mumbai building fireanguished by the fire in mumbai.
my thoughts are with the bereaved families in this hour of grief.
i pray that thos https://t.
co/8j8q9efeua  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1514519392000*at least 14 were killed and 19 others injured in a fire that broke out shortly after midnight on the third floor of a four-storeyed building on senapati bapat marg .
most of the casualties were the result of asphyxiation.
*more than 50 people were hospitalised, out of whom 12 were being treated for injuries that were not life-threatening*the fire broke out on the rooftop of the 1-above restaurant , after its shed, made of bamboo and plastic, began to burn.
it soon spread to the mojo pub one level below, and had engulfed the building in less than 30 minutes*many guests, who tried to take shelter in the bathroom got trapped and lost their lives*the majority of the victims were women attending a birthday party at the restaurant.
the 28-year-old woman celebrating her birthday was among those who died, her grandfather told reuters*the police have booked hratesh sanghvi, jigar sanghvi and abhijeet manka of c grade hospitality, which manages the pub, along with others, under various charges including cuplable homicide not amounting to murder, reported pti.
they are also charged ipc sections 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) and 338 (causing grievous hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others).
two of those booked have been detained.
*several media outlets use offices in the compound, and at least three national news channels were affected by the fire, including bennett coleman and co's times now and et now.
*the cause of the fire remains unknown at the moment*president ram nath kovind tweeted about the incident: disturbing news about the fire in mumbai.
condolences to the bereaved families and wishing the injured an early recovery.
commend the valiant efforts of fire-fighters and those in rescue ops #presidentkovind*prime minister narendra modi expressed his anguish at the incident.
my thoughts are with the bereaved families in this hour of grief.
i pray that those injured recover quickly, he said.
*maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis directed the commissioner of the brihanmumbai municipal corporation to conduct an in-depth enquiry into the tragedy.
nagpur: activists of the bharatiya janata yuva morcha (bjm), the youth wing of bjp, broke the beacons of vehicles of some cabinet ministers on monday morning.
minister of higher and technical education rajesh tope, forest minister patangrao kadam and tribal development minister babanrao pachpute were among those who saw their vehicles damaged.
the attack took place in spite of the thick security blanket surrounding the area in civil lines.
commissioner of police ankush dhanvijay has ordered a probe into the security lapse.
bjp mla devendrafadnavis defended the bjym's action warning the ministers that it would continue until the democratic front government hiked minimum support prices (msp) of cotton, soyabean and paddy.
though we don't encourage such attacks they will continue for the sake of vidarbha farmers, he told toi.
bjp national president nitin gadkari said that the current commission on agricultural costs and prices (cacp) at the centre and the state should be immediately dissolved.
a new commission with more realistic terms of reference and one which understands the ground realities should be put in place to decide on farm prices based on actual input costs and ground realities, he said.
gadkari, who attended the opening day of the state legislature winter session, believes it's the policy glitches of the government that have worsened the plight of farmers growing cotton, soyabean and paddy in maharashtra.
the bjp leader alleged that the commission had adopted a mechanism which was unjust to farmers.
prices were calculated taking costs of inputs prevailing a decade ago and other impractical methods.
for instance, for farming operations bullock rent for two to ten days was factored in.
but a farmer who owns a pair of bullocks has to feed it for a full year which incurs heavy costs that are not taken into account, said gadkari.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis transferred several bureaucrats on monday.
industries secretary sunil porwal will be the new home secretary, environment secretary satish gavit will replace him.
higher and technical education secretary sitaram kunte will be the new head of the general administration department in place of mukesh khullar, who has been appointed as member of the maharashtra electricity regulatory commission.
anil diggikar, who was principal secretary to the cm (special projects), will be new environment secretary.
public works secretary ashish singh has been shifted to the transport department in place of manoj saunik, who has been moved to public works department.
school education secretary nand kumar has been shifted to the protocol department in place of rajgopal deora, who will be the new finance (reforms) secretary.
the erstwhile finance (reforms) secretary vandana krishna will be the new education secretary.
additional chief secretary (home) sudhir shrivastava was appointed as the chairperson of the mpcb in place of milind mhaiskar.
shrivastava, a 1983 ias batch officer, was upset after his junior dinesh kumar jain was appointed as chief secretary.
though both belong to the 1983 batch, shrivastava is senior to jain.
shrivastava will retire in october 2018 while he will lead the mpcb for three years.
medha gadgil, the senior-most bureaucrat of the 1983 batch, had proceeded on leave after she was passed over for the chief secretarys post.
mumbai: maharashtra has become the first state to issue a crucial land ownership document online and accept a digital signature on it as valid.
the state government's plan of digitizing the 7/12 extract is thus complete.
on tuesday, it went a step ahead and generated eight lakh documents with space for digital signatures.
the facility was inaugurated by the chief minister.
the 7/12 receipt is extensively used by farmers for loan agreements, crop survey and for availing of government facilities.
till a few years ago, hand-written 7/12 receipts were prepared by talathis, who solely had the power to make changes in the documents.
this resulted in several instances of misuse of authority.
while talathis, who are local level revenue staff, would be supposed to issue the document as a matter of assistance, in reality many of them would demand bribes.
in all, there are 2.
46 crore 7/12 extracts across the state's 43,000 villages.
all have been digitized.
so far, eight lakh documents have been generated using digital signatures.
the remaining will be completed by august, said revenue minister chandrakant patil.
he said that from now on, any farmer can avail of the land ownership document without going to any government office.
all that is needed is a computer with an internet connection.
since the document can now be signed with a digital signature, it can be used for official purposes like in banks or courts, said patil.
a pilot project has been launched in six districts.
the other districts will be covered in the next step.
at the tuesday event fadnavis distributed online 7/12 extracts to farmers from kalyan and thane.
to get the document digitally, one can log on to mahabhulekh.
maharashtra.gov.
in.
information about the district, taluka, village and other details should be filled there.
the document will be generated as a pdf.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: ahead of the state elections, the maharashtra cabinet on monday approved a four-time increase in the financial aid given to the families of martyred soldiers and a similar increase was approved for injured soldiers as well.
so far, the families of jawans who lost their lives defending the country were getting rs 25 lakh as ex-gratia; they will now get rs 1 crore.
similarly, those jawans who sustained injuries were getting between rs 8.
5 lakh and rs 15 lakh, depending on the severity of the injuries.
the amount has now been raised to rs 20-60 lakh.
this government has also changed a very important norm.
now the families of these soldiers need not come to the government office for the aide.
the officers will reach out to family and initiate the process, the official said.
the official added that in 1999, the compensation amount was rs 2 lakh and was subsequently increased with time.
according to a government resolution issued on march 27, 2018 families of martyred soldiers were to get rs 25 lakh as a one-time compensation and the injured were to get rs 5 lakh if the disability caused was from 1 to 5 per cent, 8.
50 lakh if the disability ranged from 26 to 50 per cent and rs 15 lakh if the disability was 51 to 100 per cent.
according to the cabinet decision taken on tuesday, which will be implemented from january 1, 2019, the one-time compensation has now been increased to rs 1 crore if a jawan is martyred.
rs 20 lakh will be provided if the disability ranges from 1 to 25 per cent, rs 34 lakh if the disability ranges from 26 to 50 per cent and rs 60 lakh if the disability is as severe as 51 to 100 per cent.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis has constituted a five-member committee under the environment secretary to give a hearing to plastic manufacturers in the wake of the ban imposed by the state.
the decision was taken following a meeting manufacturers had with the cm on monday.
plastic manufacturers have been demanding a rollback and have promised all help to recycle the plastic that is produced.
sources who attended the meeting said fadnavis remained non-committal and said the expert committee would hear them out and a report would be submitted to the empowered committee under the chairmanship of environment minister and shiv sena leader ramdas kadam.
only the empowered committee has the powers to change the notification on plastic ban meanwhile, the five-member expert committee will be headed by additional chief secretary satish gawai and will have on board additional chief secretary pravin pardeshi, secretary of the industries department, member secretary of state pollution control board and director of environment department as members.
we will study what the manufacturers have to say and then prepare a report for the consideration of the empowered committee, said gawai.
ravi jashnani, president of the maharashtra plastic manufacturers association , welcomed the move to form a committee.
the government has opened up a window for us, he said.
he said they had apprised fadnavis about the largescale recycling already happening in the state.
we will take more steps to increase recycling, said jashnani.
however, kadam said the ban would remain and the manufacturers should have taken up recycling much earlier.
nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said the smart police station concept is justice-oriented, pro-citizen facility.
fadnavis performed the bhoomipujan of the countrys first smart police station with integrated township-cum-commercial complex spread across 19,365 sqm area at lakadganj on saturday.
the project is estimated to cost rs145 crore.
he also lauded the efforts of east nagpur bjp mla krishna khopde for getting the project sanctioned, besides other leaders and police officers, including cp k venkatesham and joint cp shivaji bodkhe.
the top cops also got a pat on their backs by the cm for managing to replace and reduce manpower deployment for the winter assembly by 38  with the use of technology.
fadnavis said the state government aims at constructing one lakh houses for police personnel, which would include a substantial number of ownership units.
police personnel have been living on dilapidated premises, some of which are as old as 200 years.
in the last 40 years, the living condition of police have deteriorated to such an extent that they have been compelled to live in slums, share congested rooms separated only by curtains and use community washrooms, he said.
in the last three years, we have built 3,000 houses and another 7,000 units are nearing completion.
the remaining 47,000 are in tendering process.
some of the units constructed for constables were actually preferred by our officers of dcp ranks when they saw it, said fadnavis.
the cm said the aim is to create integrated townships for the cops with gym and swimming pool facilities like the one at lakadganj.
he said the ownership scheme for police housing, including 1,000 units in nagpur, was conceptualized to ensure that the cops do not have to vacate their service quarters after retirement.
we are providing 2.
5 fsi to the builders engaged in constructing police houses.
a facility has been also created for the cops to get 200  bank loans of their basic pay.
every unit in-charge has been instructed to facilitate projects for police housing with ownership, he said.
the cm laid emphasis on qualitative change in policing apart from welfare and housing.
he lauded the extensive use of technology in policing, including the implementation of crime and criminal tracking and network system (cctns) through which digitization of records could be devised.
he also extolled the one-stop integrated facilities for women in the form of bharosa cell.
during his address, khopde said a hi-tech rto and international-level sports complex too are set to come up in east nagpur along with some other projects at punapur, pardhi and bharatwada.
bodkhe highlighted the best initiatives undertaken by the police department.
a view of a flooded area following incessant rainfall in kolhapur district, monday, august 12.
(pti photo)pune: the death toll due to floods in western maharashtra reached 50 on wednesday with the recovery of more bodies amid receding floodwaters.
kolhapur and sangli were the worst-affected by torrential rains and floods.
pune divisional commissioner deepak mhaisekar said the body of a person who had drowned was found on wednesday.
the toll has reached 50.
three persons are still missing, he said.
the floods have devastated villages on the banks of the krishna and panchganga rivers.
the level of the krishna has gone down below danger level of 45 feet at irwin bridge in sangli city, while the panchganga is flowing at the danger level of 43 feet at rajaram weir near kolhapur city, officials said.
the discharge of water from the almatti dam in karnataka has been maintained at 5,70,000 cubic feet per second (cusec), mhaisekar said.
the maharashtra government had asked the neighbouring state to discharge water from almatti, which is downstream on the krishna, to ease flooding in western maharashtra.
as of tuesday, 6.
45 lakh people were shifted to safer locations in kolhapur and sangli.
in kolhapur, life is getting back to normalcy as relief work is going on in full swing, a local official said.
the situation in shirol tehsil of kolhapur, which was almost marooned, had improved with maximum help being provided there, he said.
carcasses of 150 animals were disposed of using scientific methods to prevent health hazards, the official added.
15 people, including four children, were killed when a portion of the compound wall of a housing society colla.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday ordered an in-depth inquiry into the incident of wall collapse in pune, in which 15 people were killed and also announced an ex-gratia of rs 5 lakh to be given to the kin of the deceased.
he has also announced rs 25,000 towards medical help of the injured.
labour minister and guardian minister of pune are already at the site and an in-depth inquiry has been ordered into the incident.
the inquiry will fix responsibility and also probe the lapses which caused the incident, said fadnavis to mediapersons.
15 people, including four children, were killed when a portion of the compound wall of a housing society collapsed on shanties adjacent to it in kondhwa area in pune in the early hours of saturday.
the shanties were set up for labourers working in a nearby construction site.
among the deceased are 10 men, one woman and four children (three boys and one girl).
three persons - two men and one woman have been taken out alive and are being treated at a hospital for multiple serious injuries.
meanwhile a stop work notice has been issued at the construction site.
most of the workers are from bihar and their bodies will be sent to their villages by the district administration.
nagpur: the decision of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to expand the scope of farm loan waiver to include defaults since 2001 has been hailed as historic by farm activist kishore tiwari tiwari, who also heads the vasantrao naik mission for tackling farm distress in the state, said with fadnavis granting this demand of agitating farmers in mumbai on monday, around 90  of farmers in the acutely distressed suicide-prone vidarbha and marathwada regions would be able to get benefit of the waiver scheme.
earlier, the cut off was 2008.
what makes this more significant is that after a long gap of 10 to 15 years, a large chunk of farmers who were denied fresh bank loans because of past defaults, would now be eligible for crop loans providing an opportunity to start afresh in their struggle for existence, tiwari told toi.
but he is sceptical if the nationalized banks will do so and says the government should ensure that they fall in line and provide crop advances in right quantity at right time to farmers.
unless nabard is proactive and the banks rise to the occasion, the chance provided to benefit most farmers would be squandered, tiwari has warned.
he has also pointed out that the rs72,000-cr farm loan waiver rolled out in 2008 by the upa government had left out large numbers of farmers in the drylands of vidarbha and marathwada because of the insistence of then union agriculture minister sharad pawar to cap the land holding at 5 acres for waiver beneficiary.
the average holding in vidarbha is over 5 acres.
with no such limitation now, more farmers will be included in the scheme.
for them, the doors for institutional finance will open after a decade he added.
tiwari has also suggested that to make the most of this new opportunity, the british-era system of seasonal crop loan be disbanded.
instead, farmers should be given an advance for a five-year term to even out the up and down crop cycles in that period.
this will make repayments feasible and reduce delinquency, he said.
he acknowledged that the state had done a lot in the last three years for farmers with schemes like jalyukta shivar and farm ponds for water security, crop insurance plans with subsidies and adequate supply of seeds and fertilizers.
with the relief through loan waiver and fresh chance to get crop loans, the situation can be consolidated and an effort be made to come out of the farm crisis that seemed never-ending, he said.
devendra fadnavisdownload the times of india news app for latest citykalyan: chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday chaired a meeting to solve long-pending issues related to aadharwadi dumping ground in kalyan.
during the hearing, the cm instructed kdmc chief govind bodke and other department officials to close down the dumping ground within a specific time frame.
he also gave instructions to start scientific processing of the waste at umbarde and launch the bio gas project by september 15, warning of stern action in case of delay, said sources.
sources said fadnavis warned officials their salaries would be stopped and the state government would also block funds to kdmc.
the hc and national green tribunal had asked the civic body to shut down the dumping ground, but kdmc has failed to start projects at umbarde and barave due to opposition from locals.
this story is from january 30, 2019representative imageno use if sitting cm cant be probed, say activistsdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: in a bid to highlight its focus on transparency ahead of the lok sabha and state elections this year, the maharashtra cabinet led by bjps devendrafadnavis on tuesday approved an amendment to the lokayukta act bringing the chief minister under the anti-corruption ombudsmans purview.
however, the nod came with a proviso: the lokayukta can initiate an inquiry against a cm only after he (the cm) demits office and after the governor gives written approval for the probe.
the lokayukta is an independent statutory body that can probe and make recommendations on complaints of abuse of position and corruption against public servants.
a senior official from the general administration department confirmed the proviso was in place.
the inquiry would be held in-camera (without any spectators allowed), the official noted.
defending the governments move, the official said if a sitting cm had to face scrutiny, he would not be able to take decisions and the government machinery would collapse.
the amendment will, however, instil fear in a cm that his decisions would be under the scanner, which should serve as a deterrent, the official said.
the cabinet also amended the lokayukta and up-lokayukta act, 1971 to make the process of appointing the lokayukta more transparent and non-political.
while the lokayukta was earlier appointed by the governor after consultation with the chief justice of the high court and leader of the opposition in the assembly, the selection will now be done through two committees: a search committee, which will have third party experts to suggest names, and a selection committee under the cm and four other members, which will finalise the name and send it to the governor for clearance.
section 7 of the 1971 act originally stated that elected representatives like ministers or local body members and even public servants were under the purview of the lokayukta, but the cm had been exempted.
the changes now have been made to keep the state lokayukta act on a par with the lokpal and lokayukta act of 2013.
maharashtra was the first state to have the lokayukta act in 1971, and we are also the first to bring the cm under it, senior minister girish mahajan said.
however, 10 states already allow the cm to be probed by the lokayukta.
mahajan had been holding discussions with anti-graft activist anna hazare , who had threatened to begin a fast on wednesday to press for the appointment of lokpal and lokayuktas in the states.
hazare, however, said he would still go ahead with his fast in ralegan siddhi on wednesday.
he said though the state cabinet had acted on his demands regarding the appointment of lokayukta, the selection process and bringing the cm under the lokayuktas purview, the national issues he had raised remained unresolved.
activists too said the changes in law would be meaningless if a sitting cm could not be probed.
the cm should be accountable for what he has done in his tenure, and the lokayukta should have the right to call the incumbent cm for an inquiry, said bhaskar prabhu, an activist of the mahiti adhikar manch.
mahajan said the selection process had been made more transparent.
there were complaints that earlier, if a person found favour with the state government, he would be made the lokayukta.
we wanted to change that, he said.
he said a new lokayukta would be selected and appointed before the code of conduct for the coming election sets in.
the lokayukta is an independent statutory body that functions as a watchdog with the right to investigate and make recommendations to redress and rectify any injustice done to a person by the administration.
crucially, the lokayukta can probe and make recommendations on complaints of abuse of position and corruption against public servants.
meanwhile, diwakar raote, senior shiv sena minister, raised objections in the cabinet meeting, saying the government should not take any decision under pressure from anna hazare.
the government should not take a decision only because someone has threatened to protest, raote told toi.
mumbai: two volunteer divers dived right into the largest marine litter at the versova beach to clean it up.
the divers on friday dived into the versova beach when the mangrove cell facilitated them for joining the beach clean campaign ahead of the world international day.
the divers went into the sea with advocate afroz shah, a versova resident who started the cleanup movement in october 2015 as an initiative which the un environment chief erik solheim has dubbed as the worlds largest and most inspiring.
the divers came back from the deep with plastic bottles and other plastic debris floating in the dark.
they will be going back in again on saturday.
additional principal chief conservator of forests, n vasudevan, told the times of india in an exclusive chat on saturday that the divers who had been trained were eager to participate in the cleanup when they heard about it.
we had trained 20 youth as scuba divers as part of unfp project at sindhudurg implemented by state mangrove cell and mtdc had co-partnered.
as part of the training they had to remove ghost nets left behind by fishermen.
they have removed 2 lakh square meters ghost nets which have saved marine life.
now they are quite committed to the cause of environmental safety, he said.
they are self-employed as diving guides but have also formed themselves into an association to remove abandoned fishing nets.
abandoned nets are a serious problem along the coasts, said vasudevan, adding in sindhudurg, since over a year when the training was given in a subsidised manner, the incidence of abandoning fishing nets has, however, reduced.
meanwhile, on sunday, the official launch of the programme for world environment day for which india is the host this year will be launched at versova beach by the un environment chief solheim among with union environment minister harshavardan, environment minister in maharashtra ramdas kadam political leaders including aditya thackeray, sanjay nirupam and bharati lavekar as well as hafekar, ig, commander western region, coast guard, kiran achrekar and prashant gaikwad civic officials, along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , afroz shah and thousands of volunteers will participate in the event.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: as the flood situation turned grim in kolhapur and other neighbouring areas, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis called up his karnataka counterpart bs yediyurappa on tuesday requesting him to discharge water from the almatti dam.
kolhapur, sangli, satara and surrounding areas have received very heavy rains in the last five days leading to a flood-like situation in many cities, towns and villages.
currently in yavatmal district for his ongoing 'mahajanadesh yatra', fadnavis reviewed the flood situation in the western and southern parts of the state and discussed the issue with chief secretary ajoy mehta.
fadnavis also spoke to yediyurappa and requested him to discharge water from the almatti dam which can ease the situation in maharashtra.
he has been assured of positive action, said an official from the maharashtra chief minister's office (cmo).
as per the latest status reports, the panchganga river is flowing above danger levels, while electricity generation had to be stopped temporarily at the overflowing radhanagari dam.
thousands of people in several villages in shirol, hatkanangale, chikhali, ambewadi have been severely hit besides the historic erstwhile royal city of kolhapur, and normal life completely paralysed as incessant rains continued on tuesday.
two teams of ndrf are coordinating rescue operations, shifting people from marooned areas, while the indian army, navy, air force and coast guard are helping in the efforts with helicopters and expert personnel.
so far, more than 6,000 people have been evacuated from some of the affected regions of kolhapur and they have been shifted to safer locations.
the state government is airlifting six more teams and navy boats to kolhapur on tuesday, while four boats of the ndrf are being dispatched from pune to sangli.
the busy pune-bengaluru highway has been shut for all traffic as a precautionary measure in view of the torrential rains.
other state and district roads from where incidents of landslide and boulder crashes have been reported, have also been shut.
pune's divisional commissioner deepak mhaiskar said that four of the five western maharashtra districts - pune, kolhapur, sangli and satara - have already surpassed more than 100 per cent of the season's rainfall.
however, the fifth district in the division, the parched solapur has lagged behind, notching up only 78 per cent rain so far.
its main reservoir, the ujani dam has collected barely 50 per cent water up to now.
in the past 24 hours, the highest rainfall of 40 cm was recorded in the temple town of trimbakeshwar (nashik), followed by the state's popular hill station mahalabeshwar (satara) at 38 cm.
minor landslides and boulder crashes in southeastern parts of the western ghats have compelled the central railway to cancel or divert several trains bound for south indian destinations.
according to the imd mumbai, the doppler radars in mumbai and goa on the west coast indicate active monsoon conditions prevailing over entire south konkan to karnataka coast, south central maharashtra, with kolhapur, satara showing heavy clouds, and the monsoon will continue in these regions.
nashik: prime minister narendra modi on thursday said that his government will make efforts to ensure there is access to clean drinking water in each and every household across the country in an apparent reference to the jal jeevan mission.
ever since our government came to power, we have been taking many steps to ensure that electricity reaches every village and toilets are coming up in many places.
but we need to ensure that there is clean drinking water in each and every household across the country.
work on this regard has started, he said while addressing the conclusion of the 'mahajanadesh yatra' here.
marathwada is one of the biggest regions in maharashtra, encompassing districts such as aurangabad, beed, hingoli, latur, nanded among others.
it is also one of the most drought-affected areas.
fadnavis also said that rs 4,700 crore was given as drought assistance while rs 3,300 crore had been disbursed as crop insurance by the government after a severe drought hit the state earlier this year.
navi mumbai: with close to rs 60,000 crore mega project investments in the talukasome yet to take off--- bjp cm, devendrafadnavis comprehensively stamped the development face of the government in the third year of his rule by winning 51 out of the 78 member panvel civic corporation poll 300-year-old panvel township , which gradually expanded and a full-fledged corporation is now an extended mumbai with the cst fast track elevated corridor and the sea link planned.
fadnavis had made his intention rather clear by claiming high stakes for the maiden election to panvel city municipal corporation; historically the oldest civic body in the state established in 1852.
the bjp highlighted the role of the government in notifying the formation of the corporation, after 25 years when both nmmc and pcmc were declared corporations, as also his leading from the front to get the clearances for the rs 16,000 crore navi mumbai international airport.
fadnavis also won the confidence of the electorate by identifying panvel civic body as the face of development of the government.
capping the winning streak in the local civic bodies in the state since last year, fadnavis also made the shiv sena bite the dust that failed to win a single seat.
the convincing victory was also a strong rebuff to the challenge posed by grand alliance led by the bskp that had won the raigad zp election and the mlc seat.
both fadnavis and sena supremo addressed rallies in the run-up to the election, but the determination of bjp to win the poll was evident when the two rallies at kharghar and new panvel targeted 57  (approx.
) of the 4,25, 453 lakh voters while udhav's rally at kamothe targeted just 14   of the electorate.
the bjp won all the 12 seats in three wards in kharghar while out of the 27 seats in 7 wards in new panvel, it bagged 24the 36 seats it won constituted 71  of the total 51 seats it won; the half -way mark being at 40 in the new civic house.
the strategy planned by bjp panvel mla , prashant thakur paid off.
theres confusion among the public regarding the plastic ban and the govts indecisiveness is not helping.
less than two weeks after the state government issued a notification banning various single-use plastic items, questions are being raised about the bans implementation.
the first rollback has already been announced, with the government declaring on tuesday that the ban on plastic bottles with a capacity lower than 0.
5 litres will be reversed.
several others, such as papad manufacturers, cloth merchants, imitation jewellery dealers, and grain merchants are in the queue pleading for similar exemption.
kadam, whose party shiv sena doesnt agree with most things said and done by the bjp these days, said the sena was not in favour of such extension.
well oppose the extension when the matter is discussed at the cabinet level.
but the final decision will be the chief ministers, he said.
maharashtras previous attempt at banning plastic  after the 2005 deluge in mumbai  was a waste of scores of environment experts time and states resources.
these experts were roped in, they presented a plan, and it was never implemented.
former bmc chief v ranganathan, who supervised a committee formed in 2006 to implement the plastic ban, said a complete ban was not possible then, and its not possible now.
our committee had suggested the ban be implemented in a phased manner.
we still dont have alternatives to plastic in place.
the 2006 ban was not successful because of poor enforcement and implementation.
im afraid the same will happen this time around, ranganathan said.
indeed, the fadnavis government has formed three panels to look into the various aspects of the ban.
one committee, consisting of 10 members, will look into various manufacturing and trading associations arguments against the ban, another threemember cabinet sub-committee will hold talks with the various stakeholders over the next three months, while the environment department has formed its own expert committee to review the items that will be banned.
this committee will advise the government on adding or exempting items from the ban (see graphic below).
while the state government has reversed the ban on plastic bottles with a capacity lower than 0.
5 litres, the environment department maintains that there is a complete ban on purchase, sale, distribution and storage of polyethylene terephthalate (pet) and polyethylene terephthalate esters (pete) bottles with a capacity lower than 0.
5 litres.
also, the depository scheme of re 1 for a one-litre bottle and rs 2 for 0.
5-litre bottle is applicable to all beverages, and not just water bottles.
environmental activist rishi aggarwal stated the obvious when he said talking about ideas and implementing them were two very different things.
politicians come up with theories and ideas but these are often caught up in a political crossfire.
how many ideas are actually implemented?
maharashtra banned bags below 50 microns after the 2005 mumbai floods, but nothing actually happened, he said.
environmentalist d stalin from the ngo vanashakti said the states latest effort to eliminate plastic will work if the guidelines are not diluted.
all these years, plastic bans across india havent worked because the offenders are not penalised.
maharashtra is now talking about penalising the offenders (the ban proposes a penalty from rs 5,000 up to rs 25,000) which is the right way to go about it, stalin said.
meanwhile, the maharashtra plastic manufacturing association (mpma) has filed a petition in the bombay high court saying the ban would affect over 8,000 industries and could leave around 20 lakh people unemployed.
rescue operation on its waydownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: rescue workers in the congested pimpripada area of north mumbai are working to get a 15-year- old girl out of the debris of a wall which collapsed, killing 18 persons early tuesday.
a rescue worker said the girl, sanchita nalawade , has been crying for help and asking for water since the last few hours.
shortly after the wall collapsed, we rescued a child from underneath the debris.
this girl sanchita has been crying for help since 2 am, the worker, a local resident, said.
mujhe bahar nikalo, has been her repeated plea, he said.
the girl's cry for help from under the debris set off a massive rescue effort.
sanchita's faint voice could be heard calling out for water to drink.
efforts are on to cut a small section of the wall and clear a path for the girl to escape.
at the scene of the tragedy, an eyewitness said when the wall collapsed, it was like a tsunami accompanied by a massive thud.
water was getting accumulated since it began raining heavily several hours ago.
it created massive pressure on the wall.
it soon gave way, a resident said.
people gathered at the site were seen discussing the ownership of the wall.
while some claimed it belonged to the forest department, others said the brihanmumbai municipal corporation was the owner, while some said auto major mahindra & mahindra had erected it.
it came down like a tsunami and the gushing waters threw aside everything that came its way, said sachin dhuri, a resident.
another local likened the collapse to the flash floods in uttarakhand's kedarnath in 2013, which killed over 5,500 people and buried most swathes of the town in slush.
political parties, who regularly line up for votes, also came under fire as the residents, trying to come to terms with the tragedy, spoke in huddles at the site.
they come here for votes but no one listens to us.
once elections are over, they disappear.
they have done nothing for us, resident suresh patil said.
these political parties have a use and throw attitude towards us, said pramod pawar, another local.
residents said 60-70 hutments got damaged in the wall collapse, and demanded adequate compensation from the authorities.
the government promises housing for all but does not do anything.
lives have been lost.
it should rehabilitate us now, said resident mahindra singh.
eighteen people were killed and over 50 injured when heavy rains led to a wall collapsing on hutments in malad's pimpripada area.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed an inquiry after a resident from saki naka slums complained that his sister's house was declared illegal and demolished despite the structure having all necessary permissions.
slumdweller ravi yadav had raised the complaint during the lokshahi din on monday.
yadav alleged that the authorities, in collusion with a developer, had denied legal status to his sister's house and had demolished it.
fadnavis has ordered an inquiry and demanded a report.
fadnavis ordered officials to dispose of citizens' pending cases in the next three days.
he told them that they should not wait for cases to come up in front of him on lokshahi din and should act on them independently .
the cm heard 23 cases on monday .
but activists such statements are unconvincing.
by making such incorrect statements, are we trying to convince the rest of the world?
because here in the state everyone is aware of the reality that the city is not open defecation-free, said chembur-based activist rajkumar sharma from the advanced locality management and networking action committee.
he added that if the statement were true, then henceforth no more toilets should be constructed.
on july 6, 2017, the quality council of india declared mumbai open defecation-free.
three months later, president ramna-th kovind declared the urban areas of maharashtra open defecation-free.
on both occasions, activists called the claims hollow.
bollywood celebrities like twinkle khanna and shabana azmi have also taken to social media to show how open defecation is prevalent on city beaches.
as per the baseline survey of 2012 conducted by the centre, only 45  families across the country have access to toilets.
while declaring the rural areas of maharashtra open defecation-free on wednesday, fadnavis claimed the government has built highest number of toilets in the country and completed the task before deadline.
we met the target before the deadline of october 2, 2019, the cm said.
now, under the swachh maharashtra abhiyan, we will encourage other campaigns, like darwaza bandh bimari bandh and good morning squad , in rural areas to encourage citizens to use toilets.
since the launch of swachh maharashtra abhiyan in 2015, the centre and state government have spent over rs 4,500 crore to complete the open defecation-free mission.
we have made available toilets to the remaining 55  homes.
this massive exercise of constructing toilets spanned 34 districts, 351 talukas, 21,000 gram panchayats and 40,500 villages, fadnavis said.
in the good morning squad, children will be equipped with whistles and flowers to discourage people from defecating in the open.
but activists claim the cms statement does not seem to be supported by scientific data.
when driving out of the city limits, we still see people defecating in the open.
on what basis does one declare mumbai is open defecation free , asked activist-advocate godfrey pimenta.
sharma pointed out: sanitation is still bad in the state.
people do not use toilets in their locality because they are not in a good condition.
stressing that there is no chance that false data has been provided, the chief minister said: each and every toilet has been geo-mapped and photographed.
we have the details of all toilets, even those built in remote areas.
elaborating on the data, he said the state government has built 2.
2 lakh toilets in 2013-14, 4.
9 lakh in 2014-15, 8.
82 lakh in 2015-16, over 19 lakh in 2016-17 and over 22 lakh in 2017-18, in addition to 2.
8 lakh common toilets.
mumbai: a day after he sent aurangabad police commissioner yashaswi yadav on leave, chief minister devendrafadnavis shunted out aurangabad municipal commissioner deepak muglikar and his kalyan-dombivli counterpart p velrasu muglikar, an ias officer of the 2006 batch, has been given an insignificant assignment; he will be secretary of development for marathwada.
on the other hand, velrasu, an ias officer of the 2002 batch, has secured a plum assignment; he will be joint managing director, maharashtra state road development corporation (msrc).
fisheries commissioner g m bodkhe will replace him.
significantly, both muglikar and velrasu did not complete even a year of their respective assignments.
according to reports, muglikar was abruptly shifted for his failure to tackle a row over dumping of garbage in aurangabad city while velrasu was transferred following stringent remarks of senior bjp leader and union transport minister nitin gadkari.
a week ago, gadkari had said that dombivli was the worst township he had seen in his life.
senior officials, though, alleged that velrasu was shifted because he took on the powerful builder lobby in the kalyan-dombivli belt.
on thursday, during a debate on the state of affairs in aurangabad, assembly speaker haribhau bagde and opposition members led by ajit pawar had demanded suspension of both yadav and muglikar.
following intense sloganeering over the demand, the assembly was adjourned on five occasions.
normalcy was restored only after fadnavis assured the house that yadav would be sent on leave.
on march 7, when residents opposed garbage vehicles in the township, police stepped in and resorted to lathi charge and dragged people from their homes and beat them.
there were allegations that muglikar made no efforts to take steps for garbage disposal.
in kalyan-dombivli, too, residents were unhappy over the failure of the administration to dispose of garbage.
shiv sena had threatened an indefinite agitation from march 19.
meanwhile, joint secretary (labour) arun vindhale has been posted as fisheries commissioner, ulhas nagar municipal commissioner rajendra nimbalkar as additional commissioner, pune municipal corporation, and g b patil patil has replaced nimbalkar.
navi mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis will be the star campaigner for bjp to woo voters for the first maiden pcmc election.
fadnavis is scheduled to address rallies at banthiya high school ground in new panvel and at ramseth thakur public school in kharghar on may 21.
other ministers like ram shinde and girish bapat besides bjp's general secretary rajiv bhusari will also address rallies.
cm has confirmed his presence for both rallies, said panvel mla prashant thakur, president of raigad district bjp.
local bjp functionaries are hoping that the cm's visit will turn the table in their favour and help them win the pcmc polls.
this story is from january 10, 2019representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
pune: a delegation of elected members from the pune cantonment board (pcb) on tuesday called on chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai.
the delegation gave him a representation seeking a share for the board in the collected goods and services tax ( gst ).
the outcome of the meeting was positive.
the chief minister has assured us that he will do the needful.
we hope the state will release a gst share to the board in the coming weeks, said priyanka shrigiri, the cantonment boards vice-president.
rajya sabha mp sanjay kakade and pcb ceo dn yadav were also part of the delegation.
last week, kakade had led the board members to a meeting with union finance minister arun jaitley for the gst share to be given by the centre.
jaitely, however, had asked the members to approach the state government.
yadav said, we apprised the cm about the boards current financial status and how the same was affecting development projects.
since the gst implementation from july 2017, the state government has not disbursed any share to the seven cantonment boards in maharashtra.
the pune cantonment contributes the most  rs1,200 crore  as annual gst and it is for the government to provide a share to the pcb for furthering development projects, a senior defence general defence estates official told toi on wednesday.
if the pcb does not get the share, it will run out of funds and will not be able to pay even the salaries from march, another official said.
uddhav thackeraymumbai: a day after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis batted for a metro rail car shed in the metropolis' aarey area, principal ally shiv sena 's chief uddhav thackeray has warned the plan could end up like the aborted nanar refinery in the konkan region.
uddhav's assertion has the potential to further widen the chasm between the two saffron parties which are hassling over the number of seats to contest the assembly elections, due next month.
the car shed plan for metro 3 (colaba--bandra-seepz) line is in the midst of an acrimonious debate as the work will see the felling of over 2600 trees in the aarey area, considered among the city's prime green lungs.
responding to a question on the car shed, thackeray said, it will meet the fate of the nanar oil refinery.
incidentally, thackeray's son and yuva sena head aaditya thackeray has been vocal in his opposition to the metro plan.
a proposed rs 3 lakh crore refinery in nanar in the state's ratnagiri district had to be scrapped after the sena put up a stiff resistance.
in march this year, the state government scrapped a notification issued in may 2017 to acquire 5,932 hectares of land across 14 villages in ratnagiri district and two villages in sindhudurg district for the refinery.
on sunday, fadnavis said the supreme court had clarified that the (aarey) land did not come under forest or bio-diversity.
so the state government, by adhering to orders passed by the apex court, is working on the (metro car shed) project, he had said.
environmentalists and activists are also opposing the metro car shed project and have been demanding its relocation.
cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: faced with much criticism, cm devendrafadnavis on monday brought back veteran bureaucrat medha gadgil to mantralaya and appointed her additional chief secretary (organisation and maintenance) in place of bipin kumar mallick.
gadgil is the wife of senior congress legislator anant gadgil, who is also the congress spokesperson.
a week ago, fadnavis shifted gadgil, who was then additional chief secretary (relief and rehab), and made her chairperson of the maharashtra state financial corporation , considered an insignificant posting.
she never took charge.
gadgil is the most senior bureaucrat in the state.
a 1983 batch ias officer, she was superseded when the cm chose as chief secretary d k jain, also from the 1983 batch but junior to gadgil.
gadgil proceeded on leave, but resumed duty after a month.
when jain retired on january 31, bureaucrats expected gadgil would be in the zone of consideration.
if elevated, she would have been the first woman chief secretary.
instead, the cm granted six months' extension to jain.
in no time, discontent was brewing in the bureaucracy over the cm ignoring a woman officer.
there was also unhappiness over the principle of seniority not being followed.
it was expected that if gadgil was not chosen, then the cm would appoint either municipal commissioner ajoy mehta or sdditional chief secretary (finance) u p s madan.
mallick has now been appointed in place of gadgil.
nagpur: prominent political leaders of the country cutting across party lines hailed union transport minister and city mp nitin gadkari as a visionary leader with qualities of able leadership, administrative acumen, remarkable efficiency and a positivity that helped overcome all adversities.
the 'shashtipoorti' (completion of 60 years) celebrations of gadkari culminated into a grand public felicitation at the kasturchand park.
in an emotional response, gadkari acknowledged the love and affection he received from all and remarked, perhaps i got more than i deserved, i have nothing to complain but only thank all of you for success in life.
the birthday organizing committee gifted gadkari rs 1.
01 crore which the minister said he will donate to charity after some money of his own.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis , his madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh counterparts shivraj singh chouhan, raman singh, former union agriculture minister sharad pawar , former home minister sushilkumar shinde, assam governor banwarilal purohit, ex-cm narayan rane and ncp leader praful patel attended the programme.
prominent ministers from the state including chandrakant patil, girish mahajan, pandurang fundkar, vinod tawde, sudhir mungantiwar, pankaja munde, bjp incharge of state saroj pand, union ministers of state vijay goel , ramdas athawale, hansraj ahir, mgp leader from goa sunil dhawlekar and several mps and mlas, mlcs too were present at the function.
when i was maharashtra chief minister, gadkari literally hounded me seeking solution to problems of people of vidarbha.
he had the ability to win over the support of my party members too.
though we are from different political backgrounds, the sincerity with which he approached public life did appeal to me and that is why i am here to offer my good wishes to him on his birthday, said shinde.
pawar mentioned gadkari's willingness to go to any lengths to achieve goals.
i had the chance to visit the agrovision farm fair organized by gadkari and then i realized how this leader was equally concerned about the welfare of farmers and the poor along with that of the urban class, he said.
rpi leader ramdas athawale brought comic relief to the emotional event with his instant poetry.
i am with gadkari and the bjp today as i know which way the wind blows.
in politics you have to sail with the tide, he quipped raising peals of laughter.
the rpi carries good luck charm.
when i was with pawar, his party used to win all elections.
now i am with the bjp-sena and no wonder they are winning, he explained.
fadnavis paid rich tributes to his leader and remembered how gadkari just after surviving a major road accident in 2002 refused to rest and worked with a broken leg to ensure the first victory of the bjp in nmc elections.
he also narrated the story of how gadkari rejected a rs 3,600 crore overpriced bid of reliance chief dhirubhai ambani and went on to build the mumbai-pune express highway at half the cost.
chouhan and raman singh also lauded gadkari's qualities and said today he is the most sought after minister in the modi government because he never disappoints anyone who seeks his help.
when we go to him to ask to new road projects, he grants us more than we demand.
he is never hassled and always keeps a pleasant demeanour, they said.
responding to the felicitations, gadkari said he was an ordinary political worker but pursued every goal in life with a determination and fearlessness.
i owe it all to the teachings i received from the rss and akhil bhartiya vidyarthi parishad.
my hard toil for the party and remaining hopeful of good results some day paid off, he said, thanking common people, his school and college teachers and associates in the party.
it would be tough for us to meet the 2019 end deadline for navi mumbai, but we're trying, said rajiv choubey , secretary, ministry of civil aviation, who was in the city for a us-india aviation summit hosted by the us trade and development agency.
i haven't met the chief minister during this visit, but i was in mumbai over a month ago and we discussed the navi mumbai airport project, he added.
in march, fadnavis had reiterated that the navi mumbai international airport (nmia) project would be complete next year with one terminal and one runway ready by december end 2019.
the idea of having a second airport to serve the mumbai metropolitan region was first floated in the 1990s.
in the past decade, even as domestic passenger traffic in india began registering a robust two-digit growth, thestate did not put the navi mumbai airport project on fast track.
meanwhile, mumbai airport served by a lone runway is currently so congested it can hardly accommodate new flights during daytime, let alone during the morning or evening peak hours.
choubey also spoke about land pooling for airport projects in the country and the state.
in this concept, land owners are given the option of handing over land for development to the government.
the land owner surrenders a part of the land and keeps the remaining, which has a higher value now because it is in a developed area, he said.
speaking about cargo and freighter traffic within india, choubey said the government has been working on recreating the udan scheme.
airport operators will provide space to cargo operators, were looking at how such a scheme can be turned feasible, he said, adding growth in passenger traffic hasnt brought a corresponding growth in cargo traffic and hence the effort to boost it.
this story is from february 16, 2019cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: the helicopter carrying chief minister devendrafadnavis to sangli on friday had to land on an alternative helipad because of visibility issues.
it was not the first time that fadnavis encountered problems with helicopter journeys.
in 2017 his helicopter crash-landed in latur; no one was injured.
there were other, smaller incidents too.
the latest incident happened when fadnavis was on his way to a government event.
union minister thavarchand gehlot was also to attend it but did not turn up.
there is a problem in these areas with visibility and it is prudent to land on alternative helipad, said captain sanjay karve, director, civil aviation, state government.
he said two helipads were prepared and manned for the chief minister's helicopter.
because of haze, instead of landing on the first one, the helicopter landed on the second one, he said.
poor visibility on winter mornings is a common problem in sugarcane growing areas like sangli and kolhapur .
the problem starts in november and so pilots recommend an early morning take off, soon after sunrise, failing which it is advised that the journey be postponed till later in the day, when the sun has climbed high and the winds have dissipated the fog.
navi mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis will be transferring sudhakar shinde from ulhasnagar municipal corporation to panvel city municipal corporation (pcmc) soon, said mantralaya sources.
confirming the move, bjp panvel mla, prashant thakur told toi on tuesday, shinde may return to panvel within a week.
thakur added that the cm had already stated that it was a temporary transfer as per the state election commission order and he would be back.
the transfer period was for 90 days but as the panvel civic polls are over, it can be reduced to facilitate an early transfer, said thakur.
meanwhile, the mayoral poll for the panvel civic body will be conducted by the konkan divisional commissioner's office.
as per the schedule, the new civic house must be constituted within a month after the poll.
the mayor's position is reserved for a woman representative under sc category.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday said he will issue directives to the cyber cell of mumbai police to probe the online abuse and threat to congress spokesperson sachin sawant for posting a sarcastic tweet criticising the state government.
the issue of threats to sawant was raised in the maharashtra assembly by leader of opposition vijay wadettiwar , who said sawant, being party spokesman and general secretary, had posted a tweet critical of the government.
he was performing the role of opposition, wadettiwar said.
threats, abusive language on social media is a cause of concern.
the need of the hour is to remove the ambiguity in the existing laws.
abusive trolls may be from any party, action will be taken, fadnavis said.
this story is from december 5, 2018chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray publicly praising each other is some.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: the sharing of dais on monday and on top of that chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray publicly praising each other is something not heard of or witnessed in last four years.
the shiv sena and the bjp are ruling partners but the daily barbs unleashed on the bjp by sena mouthpiece saamna and the cold public behaviour of sena ministers and leaders has always underlined their uneasy marriage.
on monday, fadnavis and thackeray were on one dais at pohragads sant sevalal temple, the revered pilgrim centre of banjara tribe.
groundbreaking ceremony for a rs100 crore development plan for pohragad was performed.
at the well-attended public function, thackeray praised fadnavis for successfully piloting the maratha reservation bill and fadnavis reciprocated by describing thackeray as the margdarshak (guide).
the about-turn by the sena chief caught many by surprise.
barely a week ago thackeray was at his vitriolic best and gave ultimatum to the bjp/modi government with his much hyped visit to ayodhya.
there, he also gave a new slogan of pehle mandir, fir sarkar (ram temple first, government formation later) warning the bjp that it would not be elected again if it failed to build the temple by bringing about a legislation in parliament.
sources in the sena indicated that the thackeray and fadnavis sharing dais at pohragad was not pre-planned and it just happened.
they travelled separately and came together only at the bhumipuja site for the proposed sant sevalal maharaj memorial, said a sena insider who preferred not to make comment on the political significance of this newfound bonhomie between the sena and bjp.
this came as a no surprise for us, said a bjp insider claiming that the party always knew the sena would come around before elections as vote split would damage both the parties that have been natural allies for three decades.
in 2014 state assembly elections, the bjp once for all demolished the carefully built big-brother facade of the sena by winning much more seats than the sena was willing to offer to the bjp in the failed seat-sharing rounds.
thackerays eagerness to share dais at washim with fadnavis also reflected the desperation to gain lost political ground in vidarbha .
contesting all alone after shunning the bjp last time, sena could win only four seats while the bjp dominated winning 44 of the 66 assembly seats in the region.
opposition leaders like ncps ajit pawar and congress radhkarishna vikhe patil have all along been seeing through the sena-bjp clashes.
they had been saying that the sena was just looking for an excuse to mend fences with the bjp.
washim bonhomie has proved them right at least for now.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis 's troubleshooter, water resources minister girish mahajan has emerged as the architect of the bjp 's victory in the palghar lok sabha by-election.
from selecting the bjp nominee to drafting campaign strategy, mahajan played a crucial role and ensured bjp candidate rajendra gavit 's victory.
initially, the bjp suffered a setback after the family of deceased palghar mp chintaman wanaga approached the shiv sena and accepted uddhav thackeray's offer to contest the by-election.
mahajan then got in touch with gavit and lured him for joining bjp.
once gavit submitted his nomination papers, mahajan took charge of the entire campaigning, roped in more than a dozen legislators.
bjp workers were directed to aggressively campaign in assembly constituencies.
mahajan had been camping in palghar for more than two weeks.
in the recent past, mahajan had successfully dealt with farmers' march from nashik to mantralaya and was instrumental in winning all seats in the jamner municipal council, jalgaon district.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the state government cannot implement dr vijay kelkar committee 's report on balanced regional development as it as, since its parameters do not match with those mentioned in the constitution.
there will be huge injustice to marathwada and vidarbha regions if the report is implemented as it is, he said.
the kelkar committee, constituted by the erstwhile congress-ncp government, has given some recommendations for balanced regional development and the report was accepted by the state government in december 2014.
the committee has considered tehsil as its unit, while the constitution talks about regional imbalance.
hence, we cannot accept the report as it is and implement it, fadnavis said.
he was replying to a question raised by several members of the congress and the ncp in the legislative council.
if we start implementing it, there will be huge injustice to marathwada and vidarbha.
.
.
hence we cannot implement it as it is, fadnavis said.
this story is from november 7, 2018postmortem of the mortal remains of t1.
(pti photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: a veterinary services association has questioned the absence of a veterinary doctor during an operation in which man-eater tigress avni was killed in maharashtra's yavatmal district the pashu chikitsak mahasangh, in a letter to the state's chief wildlife warden, alleged that the order to tranquilise and capture the tigress was a serious breach of section 30(b) of the indian veterinary council act 1984 as the task was entrusted to a private hunter, who is not a registered veterinarian.
it said section 30(b) of the act indicates that only veterinary practitioners registered either with the veterinary council of india or the maharashtra state veterinary council are allowed to practice veterinary medicine.
the pashu chikitsak mahasangh is a haryana-based apex organisation of state veterinary associations.
the tigress, officially known as t1, was believed to be responsible for the death of 13 people in the last two years.
she was killed on november 2 by asgar ali, son of famous sharp-shooter nawab shafat ali, at compartment no 149 of borati forest in yavatmal as part of an operation.
the big cat is survived by two cubs, which are 10 months' old.
even though the order mentions that there are two veterinarians in his team, reports from the field indicate that neither of them was present during this operation, and allowing ali to operate in this manner is a wilful breach of the law, the veterinary association alleged in the letter written on tuesday.
the incident is claimed to have taken place from a distance of 8-10 metres from the tigress.
no veterinarian was present on the spot and it seems very unlikely that the shooter may have had time to wait for the drug to work, it said.
the whole exercise, as reported, seems to be extremely unscientific and illegally conducted, the body alleged.
chirantan kadian, president of the mahasangh, told pti that the dose (tranquiliser) calculation and drug administration is the sole authority of a registered qualified veterinary doctor, while a hunter is simply a quack.
if a veterinary doctor needs shooting expertise of a hunter he may get the job done under his supervision.
not only tranquilising, a veterinary doctor also has to revive the animal through a drug antidote, he said.
no private hunter is in any way qualified and trained to manage the overdose consequences of drug, manage shock, dehydration, overexertion of the animals, that is frequent in such cases, kadian said.
he further said the order to shoot the tigress should not be taken as a precedent and that in future, only services of registered veterinarians be used.
the killing of the tigress had sparked a war of words between union women and child development minister maneka gandhi and maharashtra forest minister sudhir mungantiwar, with the former publicly criticising the latter over the operation and seeking his ouster from the state cabinet.
as the row escalated, mungantiwar tuesday asked gandhi to take moral responsibility of deaths of children due to malnutrition during her tenure and resign.
mumbai: a fortnight after a high court order, the home department led by chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday paid rs 70,000 to a chembur businessman for his illegal detention for 33 hours in ahmednagar the businessman, sachin shantaram sonawane, had challenged his detention by ahmednagar police in 2014, saying it was bad in law.
after his marriage in 2010, sonawane had given money to his brother-in-law for buying a car.
when sonawane asked him to return the money, a complaint was lodged against him at kopargaon police station in ahmednagar and he and his family members were booked for dowry harassment and other crimes.
on september 11, 2014, kopargaon police reached his chembur residence, took him to kopargaon and detained in the police station.
agitated, sonawane filed a criminal writ petition, alleging he was illegally detained.
the hc accepted his contention and a division bench of justices s s shinde and mangesh patil on november 22, passed a brief order asking the government to pay him within four weeks rs 50,000, along with 8  interest and rs 10,000 towards the cost of petition.
on friday, the home department asked the ahmednagar superintendent of police to hand over the amount to sonawane and submit a report to the hc as well as the government.
it's an embarrassment for the home department led by cm when the hc passed strictures against law enforcing agencies,'' a senior official said.
a senior ips officer said now the home department should fix responsibility on the erring police officer.
in many cases, the hc has passed strictures and ordered payment of compensation, but it appears the home department has not taken corrective measures.
as a result, there is blatant violation of fundamental rights,'' he said.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis , along with senior bureaucrats, on saturday left for a week-long official tour to canada and the usa.
the tour has been chalked out to meet important business heads in the two countries to ensure that memorandums of understandings that have been signed are pushed forward and projects speeded up, said state government officials.
during this tour, fadnaviss delegation will visit montral, new york, washington and san francisco cities.
fadnavis will talk to organizations and industry groups about speeding up of important projects in the state.
in new york, fadnavis will meet world bank officials, seeking funds for some ongoing projects in the state.
since the states financial health has taken ahit in the last one year, funds for ongoing infrastructure projects are being sought.
in san francisco, he will visit the virgin centre of virgin hyperloop.
the state government has signed an mou to start a speedy transport between mumbai and pune.
at the meeting in montreal, fadnavis will discuss the artificial intelligences and expertise related to agriculture technology and infrastructure.
this is a visit at the invitation of canadian prime minister justin trudeau.
montreal is the worlds leading center of artificial intelligence and related technology.
chief minister devendrafadnavis visited the proposed site of dr babasaheb ambedkar memorial at indu mills in dadar (west) on friday to review the work and announced that it would be ready by april 14, 2020.
all permissions for the memorial have been obtained from concerned departments.
also, direction has been issued to respective officials to complete the work in a time-bound manner, said fadnavis and added that the memorial would be visible from bandra-worli sea link.
fadnavis was accompanied by social justice minister rajkumar badole, junior minister for social justice dilip kamble, mla bhai girakar, mmrda commissioner ups madan, architect shashi prabhu and dr babasaheb ambedkar mahaparinirvan din samiti secretary nagsen kamble.
cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
chief minister devendrafadnavis decided to call out ncp president sharad pawar over the latters barbed comments on the cms visits to naxal-infested gadchiroli district a day after 15 police personnel were killed in a naxal attack in a village near gadchiroli recently, pawar had criticized the cm, saying ever since he took over the reins in october 2014, he had visited gadchiroli only once and that, too, to lay wreaths on the bodies of slain police personnel.
pawar had further said while his late colleague, ncp leader r r patil, who was home minister, belonged to sangli, he had opted to take over as the guardian minister of gadchiroli.
slamming pawar for not doing his homework, fadnavis released details of his visits to gadchiroli with statistics.
says an ips official, during pawars tenure, 38 police personnel and 85 civilians were killed in naxal attacks, while 36 naxalites were killed in police action.
as per data compiled by the cm-led home department, since 1980, 3,018 incidents of naxal attack were recorded, in which 224 police personnel, 571 civilians and 246 naxalites were killed.
after 2000, 2018 was the only peaceful year, when there were no police or civilian casualties, while 50 naxalites were killed in a police encounter.
in the five years after fadnavis took over, 98 naxalites were killed in police action, and 19 police personnel were killed.
fadnavis says a month after he took oath as cm, his first visit was to kurkheda in gadchiroli.
he claimed he has personally ensured decisions taken by the government were implemented.
adieu, justice oka mumbai will miss justice abhay oka who has been appointed chief justice of karnataka hc.
ever since he was appointed a judge of the bombay high court in 2003, 58-year-old oka has emerged as a peoples judge.
justice oka always gave weightage to civil liberties over powers of the state government.
justice oka always held the firm view that mumbai being the state capital as well as the financial capital must have better living conditions, and it was the fundamental right of citizens to have pothole-free, good roads and footpaths.
while dealing with a public interest litigation filed by a satara-based ngo, justice oka had taken on leading politicians for rampant defacement of the city and illegal and unauthorized banners, posters and hoardings.
justice oka ensured the bmc submitted a monthly report on criminal cases against political parties and politicians for putting up illegal banners and posters.
following justice okas critical observations, several political parties issued newspaper advertisements, saying they would dismiss office-bearers who put up illegal banners and posters.
justice okas order on tackling noise pollution, too, was a landmark one.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis saturday laid the foundation stone of a 10- storeyed complex in bandra which will house a state-of-the-art cyber crime lab , a police station , a training centre along with flats for senior police personnel.
according to officials, the cyber lab , police station and training centre will occupy the lower six floors while the top four floors will have residential apartments.
it will be constructed by the maharashtra state police housing and welfare corporation.
addressing a gathering on the occasion, fadnavis said a lot of crime presently was being carried out using online tools and there was a need to tackle them effectively.
the next era will be of new challenges.
we have taken many initiatives to tackle these new challenges.
40 cyber labs have been set up, a proper framework is in place, the chief minister's office (cmo) later tweeted.
in another tweet, the cmo said, our police force needs to be technologically strong.
we have selected 1000 officials to give them proper training.
on one hand we are bringing in more digitisation for providing speedy governance & on the other, we are making these systems secure & safe too.
local bjp mla ashish shelar, who worked towards making the project a reality thanked fadnavis.
state minister deepak kesarkar, mumbai north central mp poonam mahajan and mumbai police commissioner sanjay barve were also present at the function.
mumbai: the state government will crack the whip on employees who connect their official computers to private dongles and wireless devices, and access websites that are banned on the mantralaya 's internet network.
there are 5,280 computers in mantralaya alone, and since the it department has blocked private email platforms such as gmail and yahoo, several employees disconnect the official lan and connect to the internet with their personal dongles or other wireless devices, thus increasing the risk of virus attacks.
if caught, these employees will be penalised.
details of the penalty are being worked out and will be presented before chief minister devendrafadnavis for approval.
we have a central console which sends security updates to all computers in mantralaya.
but if an employee switches to another network and it gets infected and then he reconnects to the mantralaya network, all computers will end up getting infected, said vijay kumar gautam , principal secretary, it department.
after the locky ransomware attack in may 2016, the state had banned private use of email ids and social media websites on official computers.
on monday, following the global ransomware attack, mantralaya got into a high alert mode and filtered all incoming and outdoing data.
the state is planning a state-wide cyber-security policy to protect data and safeguard what is stored on government servers.
officials said the state has also discussed with the central government plans to formulate a policy on data privacy and storing government data on a third-party cloud.
the state cyber department has started a helpline02536631777for citizens who want information on ransomware.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis launched 25 hybrid electric ac buses for mumbai at an event at sahyadri guest house in malabar hill on friday morning.
these ac buses, with 30  emission reduction, will cater to commuters in bandra-kurla complex and as far as borivali, thane and kharghar.
the fares will be a minimum rs 15 and a maximum rs 110 depending on distance.
the buses are procured by mmrda and will be operated by the best.
developed indigenously, the 32-seater tata starbus hybrid-electric ac buses have been handed over to mmrda after being registered at the local rtos.
the new design, cctv cameras, wi-fi and more importantly, the hybrid-electric advanced technology is what makes the bus expensive.
each bus costs rs 1.
7 crore.
the bucket-type seats will be equipped with integrated mobile charging points , head rests and more legroom.
the sitting capacity of each bus will be 31 (plus one driver) while it will allow 28 standees.
the bus is economically viable, with improved 25-30  fuel savings.
it has huge reduction in carbon emissions in comparison to conventional buses, and will therefore be environmentally friendly.
it will run on pure electric mode for around 30-35  of the total travel distance, said an official from mmrda which has funded the procurement of the bus.
this story is from december 31, 2018picture used for representational purpose onlyclean government a distant dream?
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
senior congress leader radhakrishna vikhe patils bribery charge against chief minister devendrafadnavis has shocked not only members of the ruling bjp and shiv sena, but even his own colleagues.
former congress cms believe by making the allegations, vikhe patil is attempting to shed his pro-fadnavis image.
ever since he took over as leader of opposition four years ago, the main charge against vikhe patil is that his presence as leader of opposition was never felt since he failed to take a firm stand against the bjp, particularly the cm.
his predecessors eknath khadse and narayan rane, on the other hand, were known to give sleepless nights to the then cm.
in fact, both khadse and rane took the house by storm when they made sensational disclosures against senior cabinet members and bureaucrats.
interestingly, the disclosures were not based on media or television reports, but came from their own information and sources.
a week ago, for the first time, vikhe patil targeted the cm, saying he had struck a rs 10,000-crore deal with leading builders and that he had already received the first instalment of rs 5,000 crore.
vikhe patil also disclosed that two nri youths are the new power centres in the bjp government.
fadnavis was quick to trash the charges as baseless and false.
if vikhe patil does not come up with evidence, the cm has threatened to sue him.
a bjp cabinet member said the cms warning should not be viewed as mere sabre rattling.
the anti-corruption bureaus two traps in pune have raised doubts over the efforts of the devendrafadnavis government to tackle corruption.
soon after fadnavis took over the reins more than four years ago, he had assured people all-out efforts would be made to end the menace of corruption.
in pune, the acb led by sandeep diwan trapped two persons  a tehsildar and a lawyer.
both the cases pertain to land matters.
in the first case, the tehsildar took rs 1 crore bribe from a senior citizen to make name changes in land records of the revenue department.
in the second case, a lawyer was caught accepting rs 1.
7 crore from a complainant, who was expecting a favourable order from the deputy director.
corruption is on the rise owing to lack of supervision at all levels as well as fear of the law.
it is not possible for the common man to approach the higher authorities and, as a result, the administration is controlled and run by clerks.
this story is from december 20, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
pune: chief minister devendrafadnavis pushed for the high capacity mass transit route (hcmtr) or inner ring road on tuesday, saying it will merge with metro and outer ring road, thus, breathing new life into the citys existing integrated transport system.
it (hcmtr) will help infuse a new life into the existing integrated transport system as it will connect to metro and the ring road, the chief minister said after the foundation laying ceremony of the third metro line by prime minister narendra modi on tuesday.
the hcmtr has been pending for the last 30 years and required 77 hectares of land, of which 35 hectares was in pmcs possession.
the project is expected to help reduce traffic congestion in the city and will connect bopodi, savitribai phule pune university, senapati bapat road, paud phata, karve road, dattawadi, sarasbaug, shankarsheth road, nehru road, lullanagar, ramwadi, mundhwa, vimannagar and vishrantwadi, civic officials said.
pmc had included hcmtr in its development plan in 1987.
it was about three months ago that a financial consultant was appointed for the project.
the total project cost is expected to be rs 6,500 crore, of which rs 1,500 crore will be used for land acquisition, anirudh pawaskar, chief engineer of the civic road department, said.
he said hyderbad-based capital fortunes private limited has provided with the financial models for the project.
the entire project will be elevated and two lanes will be dedicated to brts routes, while two lanes will be dedicated for private four-wheelers and they would have to follow a speed limit of 60 km/hr, pawaskar added.
the cm had earlier announced that the work of land acquisition of about 36km was on by the pmrda.
like the metro, the elevated route of hcmtr will have nine junctions with nearly 33 ramps that will connect to various vehicle lanes.
traffic experts said the existing system of transport was pathetic.
the authorities should focus on the present transport systems before introducing new transit routes the experts said, adding that the proposal would only add to vehicle burden.
washington: there is an urgency for emerging markets and developing economies to get ready to cope with possible turbulence, a top world bank official has said as she called on the governments to concentrate more on their debt management practices and accelerate the pace of reforms.
kristalina georgieva, the world banks ceo, said the global growth is moderating from 3  to 2.
9  in 2019.
that is still a robust growth performance.
but what we see happening are troubling signs in terms of international trade and manufacturing activities, she said.
in this more challenging environment, there is an urgency for emerging markets and developing economies to get ready to cope with possible turbulence and to build fiscal and monetary space, to build policy buffers, she said in a conference call with journalists on the occasion of the release of the global economic prospects report.
she said the governments have to concentrate more on their debt management practices, especially in countries where this is already a serious concern.
they need to use borrowing to fund development needs, to use borrowing for productive purposes and they have to work with creditors on transparency and sustainability of lending practices, she said.
georgieva will serve as the interim president of the world bank after jim yong kim departs the international financial institution on february 1.
urging countries to accelerate reforms, georgieva said from the banks perspective, this is particularly critical for investing in human capital, lowering barriers to higher investments and boost positivity and make sure that they are integrated in the world economy in a way that helps them to expand and grow.
this story is from december 1, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis has taken away the harpur sports stadium project from the maharashtra labour welfare board (mlwb) and handed it over to the nagpur improvement trust (nit).
after completing 50  works, mlwb had abandoned the project, which is on nit leased out land, citing lack of funds in 2007.
south nagpur mla and city bjp president sudhakar kohle was pushing for restarting the project since the last four years.
on his request, fadnavis held a meeting at mantralaya on friday.
kohle, officials of mlwb and state urban development department were present.
kohle told toi that fadnavis has set february 2019 as target to restart work.
only then can the project be completed.
it will be very beneficial for the entire city and especially for south nagpur which lacks any mega sports facility, he said.
spread over 9.
5 acres, the project was planned at the cost of rs12 crore.
works of rs7.
05 crore were completed between 2003 and 2007.
now the project requires rs30 crore more for completion.
kohle said nit and mlwb will enter into an agreement.
the state government will give rs30 crore of the rs80 crore it owes the mlwb.
the amount will then be transferred to nit.
the nit will operate and maintain the stadium and the mlwb and its members will get special facilities, he said.
being constructed at harpur on umred road, the stadium is planned like a mini olympic park.
the stadium will have 400 meter synthetic athletic track, basketball, volleyball courts, swimming pool, club house etc.
the nit had acquired the land for housing projects for the rehabilitation of slum dwellers under sakkardara street scheme.
taking cognisance of mlwb abandoning the land, the high court-appointed gilani committee had last month in its report recommended that nit take back the land.
they can take up redevelopment projects within 150-metre radius as cm makes exception.
the state has freed the sensitive area around arthur road jail from the restraints of a no-construction order, bowing to pressure from builders keen to undertake redevelopment projects near one of the most heavily guarded places in mumbai.
until now, all construction activities were banned within a 150-metre radius of the jail.
a similar rule is enforced around all other major prisons in maharashtra.
a proposal by the urban development department sought to ease the construction limits around all the facilities, but chief minister devendrafadnavis has approved a relaxation only in the case of arthur road jail, an exception that has raised a few eyebrows.
a senior state official said there had been a lot of pressure from developers for the rule change.
three prominent builders have already taken up redevelopment projects around the jail.
fadnavis told mirror on tuesday that the government had decided to ease the 150-metre restriction in the area around the jail, but it would charge a premium from builders seeking to redevelop structures there.
the money will be used to create a new prison in turbhe, another official said.
police officials are uncomfortable with the idea of allowing new construction close to the jail, where many high-profile criminals and terror suspects are lodged, and blanched at the prospect of new apartment towers overlooking the guarded compound.
but government officials have argued that a number of structures already exist in the 150-metre radius.
a committee of top police and jail officers who studied the issue said instead of looking at external dangers, security inside the jail should be strengthened further.
one blunt observation of the panel was that a jail should not exist in a crowded locality.
the construction ban in the 150-metre radius is not viable in the existing circumstances.
besides, there are already a number of buildings, residential and commercial, around the prison, a senior official with the state home department said.
the official supported the relaxation of the construction ban.
i dont think stopping new construction in the vicinity will make the jail more secure.
the focus should be on stronger security arrangements inside the compound, he said.
on the jails high-profile occupants, he said: they are lodged in sections that are not visible from the outside.
earlier, the no-construction order was enforced within a 182-metre radius of all prisons in the state.
in 2015, the government brought down the limit to 150 metres for central prisons.
developers demands for further reduction near arthur road jail prompted the government to appoint the committee to examine the issue.
additional director of police (jails) bk upadhyay reportedly opposed the relaxation.
former additional dgp meeran borwankar had also earlier raised objections.
nitin kareer, principal secretary, urban development department 1, said no construction would be allowed in the 150-metre radius without an existing panels nod.
for structures between 150 metres to 500 metres (around the jail), a committee comprising municipal, police and jail officers scrutinised proposals.
for redevelopment of old structures within 150 metres, the same committee will decide.
besides, builders will have to pay a premium, he said.
this story is from december 14, 201800:41watch: farmer destroys his pomegranates because of lack of buyersread also: 10 reasons why farmers are in distressread also: why income support, not farm loan waiver, may be better for all1 / 8 when thousands of farmers descended on delhi previous next show captions thousands of farmers marched to parliament on november 30 to protest soaring farm operating costs and plunging prices of their produce the rally in the capital was organised by the all india kisan sabha (aiks) and cpm among farmers' demands is a pro-farmer legislation in parliament the agrarian crisis is squeezing farmers across india many of these farmers travelled hundreds of kilometres to take part in the rally a large number of women were also present at the rally the issue has acquired significance on the national stage and is one of the reasons for the bjp's poor show in these assembly polls several women carried photographs of their loved ones who had committed suicide due to the crisis(with inputs from bhavika jain in mumbai, amarjeet singh in bhopal, neel kamal in bathinda, sandeep rai in meerut, and priyangi agarwal in bareilly)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: on november 23 this year, the street near the farmers market at nivdunge village in ahmednagar district of maharashtra ran red.
it wasnt blood.
but bandu markad said it wasnt any different for him.
the farmer was in distress and he had just squished the pomegranates that he had grown under tremendous hardships, which included getting water in the drought-prone district.
markad had reason to curse his luck.
when he took the yield from his 1,200 trees to the market, he got a price of rs 10 per kilo.
days ago, it was rs 80.
a video of markad in tears and beating pomegranates to pulp soon went viral.
moved, people sent him money.
at the end of five days, he had about rs 2 lakh in his account.
one could call markad fortunate.
but across the country, a range of issues from debt to low prices for their produce have forced farmers to take desperate measures.
many killed themselves, destroying the lives they left behind.
a month after bjps devendrafadnavis took over as cm of maharashtra in 2014, he said tackling the agrarian crisis would be his top priority.
he drafted a special action plan to check suicides in 14 of the worst-hit districts.
in 2017, 2,917 suicides were reported, while in the current year, up to october 31, 2,223 farmers have ended their lives.
on march 12 this year, thousands of farmers from maharashtra reached mumbai after covering 180 km on foot to highlight their plight.
on november 30, those in north and central india trooped into delhi  among them prominent leaders from opposition parties, indicating the significance the issue has acquired on the national political stage  to articulate their anguish.
in the sullen crowd were men like mohanlal nagda of rewli-devli village in neemuch district of mp.
nagda had for long avoided looking at the big pile of onions rotting away in a corner of his farm.
it invariably brought tears to his eyes.
harvested on his 2-acre land, all 100 quintals of his onion yield now lies dumped.
he knows he wont recover the cost if he tries to sell it.
the mandi is only 10km away.
but id rather not take my produce there, he said.
he quickly did the math.
the onions are harvested, but to cut them i must spend rs 15,000 at rs 150 per quintal.
transporting it to the mandi will cost rs 2,500 more at rs 500 per trolley.
i need to spend another rs 1,500 on loading, unloading and mandi expenses, nagda told toi.
at rs 2 per kg, all id get is rs 20,000.
so, i preferred dumping them, however much it hurts.
i spent around rs 40,000 on cultivation alone.
the produce is already decaying.
it terrifies me.
maharashtra has declared drought in 151 talukas across 26 districts in the wake of a deficient monsoon.
the dry spell has affected an estimated 60  of the 1.
6 crore farmers in the state.
due to below average rainfall during sowing season, the output has been hit too.
several areas reported over 70  crop loss and the state sought relief of rs 7,962 crore from the centre.
but respite looks remote for large chunks.
a nashik farmer recently sent a money order of rs 1,064 to the pms office.
it was what hed got after selling 750 kg of onion after a crash in prices.
it doesnt help that maharashtra  like many other states  hasnt been able to break cartelisation by wholesale traders and middlemen in market yards to ensure fair pricing.
even implementation of minimum support price (msp) has not been achieved by the state.
moreover, farmers across india are forced to sell their produce at low rates because the infrastructure to store and process it is lacking.
acting on a report that finances, lack of assistance for healthcare and poor crop output were among the reasons for farm distress, fadnavis proposed last year that agricultural loans should be waived and farmers can avail fresh aid from financial institutions.
in june 2017, the cm announced a loan waiver scheme for 89 lakh farmers; loans amounting to rs 32,000 crore were to be waived.
so far, loans worth rs 17,000 crore owed by 40 lakh farmers have been waived, while rs 25,000 crore has been sanctioned for 50 lakh farmers as fresh aid.
a raft of schemes has also been drafted to tackle agrarian distress, but implementation is slow owing to lack of coordination and supervision at different levels.
far away in punjab, farmers are on the warpath over implementation of the swaminathan commission recommendations on fixing of msp of rabi and kharif crops.
they also want a complete farm loan waiver, not the partial one okayed by the amarinder singh government.
seven farm organisations in punjab have decided to raise both issues and hold protests on december 18.
the organisations have decided on round-the-clock protests outside banks from january 1 to january 5.
these groups had earlier stopped the supply of milk and vegetables to urban areas in the state, leading to clashes with milkmen and a lot of produce literally going down the drain.
its a similar story but a different crop in up.
owing to a bumper harvest this year, potato farmers say they are ruined as the price per 50kg sack has fallen to as low as rs 20.
cold storages are full of unsold potato.
rakesh kumar, owner of mangla mata cold storage in badaun, said, storages in the region have a total capacity of 30 lakh sacks.
of these, 20  are potatoes, but no farmer is coming to fetch them right now because of falling prices.
i have already thrown 7,000 sacks while 10,000 more are still here.
selling the produce at villages for rs 20 per 50 kg sack does not even recover the cost of transportation.
mahendra swaroop, state president, cold storage association, up, said, huge quantities of potato are stuck.
district magistrates do not let us dump our produce anywhere as it stinks badly.
haalat kharab ho gayi sab ki.
victorymahim nature parkaaditya visits park with mayor, slams cmmhada wont redevelop sector 5 of dharaviis in sight, mumbai.
but let us keep up the fight to save thefrom vanishingminister confirms mnp is a protected forest and thus cannot be included in dharavis redevelopment plan.
mumbai moved a step closer to saving the 41-acre mahim nature park (mnp) from falling into builders hands with forest minister sudhir mungantiwar on wednesday saying that the slum rehabilitation authority (sra) and mmrda officials will go to jail if they did not withdraw a notification seeking mnps inclusion into dharavis redevelopment plan.
as twitter storm over sras plan to grab one of mumbais last surviving green spaces grew in strength and mungantiwars department was tagged in several of these posts, the minister clarified that the park was declared a protected forest in march 1991.
anybody who intends to misuse the protected forest land will have to go to jail.
i want to assure every mumbaikar that mahim nature park will not be touched.
our department will take a strong stand in this case, mungantiwar said.
mungantiwar cited the example of former forest minister swarup singh naik and his additional chief secretary ashok khot, who were both sent to jail by the supreme court for violating its orders on forest protection.
the minister said that not only will he make sure that the ill-advised sra notification is withdrawn, but will also initiate the process taking the mnp land back from mmrda, its current custodian.
there is no question of mnp being included in slum rehabilitation project for dharavis redevelopment.
as per the protocol, before mooting such notification for inviting suggestions and objections the concerned officials should have sent a proposal to the forest department.
we would not have cleared it in the first place, mungantiwar said.
the ministers office has already written letters to the slum rehabilitation authority and the mmrda seeking to know the purpose of the notification and why the forest department was not consulted.
the minister has sought a response before march 23.
earlier in the day, yuva sena chief aditya thackeray visited the park and declared that his party will make sure that not an inch of mnp is used for any other purpose than what it was set up for.
the issue was raised in the assembly by sena leader anil parab who said the sra notice appeared an attempt to give away the mnp land to a big builder or a business house.
housing minister prakash mehta will respond to the debate in the house later.
speaking to mumbai mirror on the sidelines of the assembly session he said sra notification does not change mnps status as an open space.
while sra too has maintained that the notification was not an attempt to change mnps character, environmentalists are not buying this argument.
stalin dayanand, who heads ngo vanshakti and who shared with mumbai mirror the march 16, 1991 gr declaring mnp as forest land, said: as per the precedent following this gr, the land of mnp should have handed over to forest department but it did not happen.
now mmrda is pretending that it was not aware of sras proposal and sra thinks we all are nave to believe their claim that they are including the mnp in dharavi redevelopment plan just like that and will not touch it, he said.
stalin alleged that if sra claims that there will be no change in land use of mnp, then they will possibly use its fsi for dharavis redevelopment, which also will be an illegal move.
if the sra doesnt withdraw the mnp notification, i will file a case against the officials for violating the indian forest act and forest conservation act, he said.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------shiv sena leader aaditya thackeray put the onus of saving mnp on chief minister devendra fadnavis.
aaditya said that the shiv sena would back environmentalists in saving the park and even hit the streets if needed.
aaditya visited the mnp on wednesday with mayor vishwanath mahadeshwar and a host of sena leaders.
the mmrda is under direct control of the cm and the sra is also under the state government.
so the cm must tell us if he knew of this plan or not?
if he knew about this, then why did he let this happen?
the shiv sena will back environmentalists and protest on the streets if needed, aaditya said.
maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada), which was supposed to redevelop sector 5 of dharavi, will no longer be doing it, housing minister prakash mehta told mirror yesterday.
in fact, the sector-wise redevelopment will be scrapped and the entire area will be developed as a whole.
the government will have a 51  equity share and 49  will be given to a developer, who will be appointed through a global tender, he said.
since 1997, this will be the seventh attempt by the government to redevelop dharavi.
mehta said that it would take at least 10-15 years to complete the entire project.
i expect leading sports organisations to come forward,'' he said.
fadnavis was speaking at the semi-final of a cricket match organised by shivaji park gymkhana in memory of late cricketers vijay manjrekar and ramakant desai .
our effort will be to impart training to the younger generation and ensure maharashtra emerges powerful in the field of sports,'' he said.
fadnavis said it was a wrong assumption that there were fewer opportunities in sports.
quite a large number of students give up their sports careers after matriculation.
we will have to make fresh efforts to change the situation and ensure the younger generation is attracted to sports,'' fadnavis said.
stating pune's balewadi stadium and other stadia across the state would be put to optimum use, fadnavis called upon sports organisations to step in.
sports organisations should give up their commercial approach and, instead, promote players and the sport,'' the cm said.
at another event in the city, fadnavis launched the no-horn campaign at wankhede stadium.
all of us must participate in the 'horn not ok please' campaign to curb noise pollution.
a study has revealed that honking is to blame for 70  of the noise pollution in the city,'' fadnavis said.
transport minister diwakar raote, former cricketers nari contractor and sunil gavaskar also joined the campaign.
a cricket match between two teams - 'no honking 11' and 'road safety 11' - was held to drive home the message.
we are making every effort to reduce noise pollution in mumbai.
besides sportspersons, we will involve people from all sections of society in this drive,'' fadnavis said.
nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis had a new look donning a suit and overcoat as he landed in snow-clad davos on tuesday.
but, more significantly, his effective promotion of the proposed nagpur-mumbai maha samruddhi super highway and seeking investors attention at the world economic forum (wef) was the highlight of the swiss visit.
fadnavis attended a meeting themed industrial corridors in india  demand-led planning & financing, organized by the confederation of indian industries (cii) on tuesday morning.
presenting the plan for the super highway, fadnavis said it will benefit the entire state, especially farmers as this prosperity corridor will have agricultural nodes for 24 districts for supply chain, cold storage with focus on agriculture processing.
the end-to-end well-planned corridor will be the largest in india.
port connectivity with mumbais jnpt will be leveraged too, he said at the meet.
work for this rs34,000 crore project is to start in march 2018 this year and will be completed in three years, the cm added.
he was confident that 85 of the land required for the super-highway would be acquired through direct purchase from farmers by next month.
niti aayog ceo amitabh kant, who was also present at the meeting, appreciated maharashtras model of getting land through consensus-based negotiations from land holders and for getting best participation in projects avoiding litigations.
at davos, fadnavis also announced various other investment opportunities in mumbai especially related to metro network.
he also announced that wef is opening office in mumbai.
this story is from february 12, 2019devendra fadnavis, maharashtra cmdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis plan to take over the air india building hangs in the balance as the ministry of civil aviation has rejected the state government proposal to transfer the prime property in nariman point at a cost drawn by nominees of the government and air india.
a week after the cash-starved air india invited bids for the building, fadnavis stepped in and set up a high-level negotiating committee comprising chief secretary dinesh kumar jain, additional chief secretary (finance) u p s madan and the cms principal secretary bhushan gagrani to interact with the officials of air india and the ministry of civil aviation.
we had a meeting with the officials of air india and ministry of civil aviation.
our contention was that the deal should be considered as a government-to-government one and that we will not participate in the bidding process.
civil aviation officials declined our proposal and insisted on bidding process, a bureaucrat said.
the state government did not participate in the bidding process in the hope that civil aviation ministry would accept its proposal.
now it has asked the centre to extend the last date for the bidding process, which was february 5.
the ministry of civil aviation had on january 19 invited bids for the sale of the air india building to mobilise funds.
air india made it clear that only government-run agencies or a state government could participate in the bidding process.
lic was the only organisation to submit bid documents.
the bureaucrat said that the state government is keen on buying the building, since it is urgently in need of premises in south mumbai.
after the mantralaya building was damaged in a devastating fire, many offices were shifted elsewhere in the city.
on finding the funds for the purchase, the bureaucrat said surplus funds of cidco, mhada, slum redevelopment authority and mmrda could be utilised.
cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: a day after shiv sena minister ramdas kadam threatened his party would call off its alliance with bjp if it wasnt given the cms post, sena president uddhav thackeray met cm devendrafadnavis at his official residence, varsha, to demand reservation for the dhangar community in the scheduled caste (st) category.
the cm has assured that before the poll code of conduct kicks in, the state government would recommend to the centre that the dhangars be provided quota in the st category.
we will fulfil our promises during this tenure, fadnavis said.
the cm told the sena chief that he would organise a meeting with the advocate general on saturday to discuss the issue.
thackeray, along with a delegation of dhangar leaders, met fadnavis on thursday evening.
the cm said the government was positive on the issue, but it should be sorted out bearing in mind legal and constitutional aspects.
hence a meeting with the advocate general has been scheduled at sahyadri, the government guest house.
it will be attended by fadnavis, thackeray and community leaders.
sena minister subhash desai , sena functionary milind narvekar, and bjp rs mp and leader of dhangar community vikas mahatme were also present for thursdays meeting.
thackeray, before meeting the cm, had discussed the issue in detail with dhangar community leaders at matoshree, his residence.
during the 2014 elections, bjp had promised it would give dhangars reservation in the st category.
the dhangars, the shepherd community, currently get reservation in the vimukta jati and nomadic tribes (vjnt) category but want quota benefits in the st category instead on the grounds that the community is included in the schedule of tribes in the constitution.
however, there is confusion due to a typographical error.
the list mentions the community as dhangads.
it is argued that dhangars and dhangads are the same.
the state government had asked tiss to study the issue.
the report stated the community was backward but noted that dhangars and dhangads are different.
mumbai: after reviving their alliance for the upcoming mlc elections , the congress and ncp have joined hands again for the may 28 bypolls for palghar and bhandara-gondiya lok sabha seats and palus-kadegaon assembly seat in sangli.
ncp spokesperson nawab malik said following a meeting between ncp leader praful patel and congress general secretary ashok gehlot, it was decided that ncp will contest the bhandara-gondiya bypoll, while congress will field its candidates for palghar and palus-kadegaon.
the two parties had snapped their alliance after the 2014 lok sabha elections.
the bhandara-gondia seat fell vacant when bjp mp nana patole quit the party following differences with the leadership, particularly prime minister modi, and joined the congress.
palghar and palus-kadegaon bypolls were necessitated by the death of bjp's chintaman wanga and congress leader patangrao kadam respectively.
both congress and ncp had staked claim to the bhandara seat.
however, following intervention of the congress leadership, it has been left to the ncp.
since the term of the current lok sabha ends next year, the contest is unlikely to generate much enthusiasm.
in 2014, patole, riding a modi wave, had defeated ncp's praful patel by a huge margin in a constituency which was regarded the latter's citadel.
subsequently, patel was elected to the rajya sabha.
in ncp circles, it's believed that either patel or his wife varsha may contest the bypoll.
if patel stays away, vijay shivankar, a new entrant to ncp and son of veteran bjp leader mahadev shivankar, may be the top contender.
in the bjp, mlc parinay fuke and former mp khushal bopche are the top contenders for the ticket.
meanwhile, contrary to expectations, bjp and shiv sena will jointly contest elections to the six seats of the legislative council from local self government constituencies - raigad-sindhudurg, nashik, osmanabad-latur, parbhani-hingoli, amravati and chandrapur.
following intervention of chief minister devendrafadnavis , both reached an understanding and decided to contest the polls together.
accordingly, shiv sena will contest raigad-sindhudurg, nashik and parbhani-hingoli seats, while bjp fields its nominees from osmanabad-latur, amravati and chandrapur seats.
family members for late chintaman wanga on thursday called on shiv sena president uddhav thackeray to seek his blessings.
wanga, who was elected to the lok sabha from palghar as a bjp nominee died in new-delhi.
contention of he wanga family members was that after his death, bjp completely ignored them.
while wanga build up bjp in the entire tribal belt and was elected to lok sabha in 1996, 1999 and 2014, after his death, no senior bjp leader visited them.
we sought appointment of chief minister devendrafadnavis and state bjp president raosaheb danve, but there was no response.
under such circumstances, we expect support from shiv sena, particularly thackeray,'' they said.
uddhav welcomed the wanga family in the sena fold.
we have respect for the wanga family.
sena activists in palghar are insisting on contesting the may 28 byelection.
however, a decision on whether to contest the bypoll or not will be taken later, he said.
nagpur: officials of water resources department will be held responsible for any further increase in the cost of irrigation projects.
the state is expecting funds to the tune of rs13,500 crore in two years.
with finances assured from both centre and state there is no reason for any delay in executing the works.
in case of escalation on account of time overrun, the officials in-charge will be held responsible, said chief minister devendrafadnavis addressing a joint meeting of the centre and state on irrigation.
nitin gadkari who has recently taken over the union water resources ministry was also present.
gadkari said irrigation facilities will be built to cover 40  of the farmland in the state.
on the source of funds fadnavis said, rs5,000 crore each will come from states budgetary allocation each year, rs1,000 crore will be through the governor backlog removal funds, with rs2,500 crore coming through special assistance from the centre.
as the fund flow from both centre and state is assured it can lead to timely completion of the irrigation projects.
nagpur: bhandara-gondia mp nana patole, who resigned from lok sabha and the primary membership of the bharatiya janata party , said had gopinath munde been alive the situation may not have come to a pass forcing him to quit the party.
patole claimed democracy was in grave threat under narendra modis leadership and quit as he could not take it any longer.
in the last three years no one heard me, modi humiliated me before colleagues at an mps meeting at his home.
i was ostracized for being critical of the government policies.
i had to face modis anger for taking up the issue of separate vidarbha state when i moved a private members bill in lok sabha, patole said at a press conference on saturday while looking back at his nine years with the bjp.
had munde been there, this situation could have been avoided.
it was on mundes call that i joined bjp and he was the tallest mass leader who championed the cause of backward classes.
i am sure he would have pleaded my case and supported me.
in his absence, there was no one for me in the bjp, said patole.
asked why he waited for so long after being humiliated by pm and not getting satisfactory support from chief minister devendrafadnavis , patole said the way modi was taking political advantage of the neech remark by congress mani shankar iyer, he thought time was ripe to expose modis hypocrisy.
when i raised the need for setting up separate ministry for obcs or students of that communities being denied scholarship, the same modi showed scant respect and stifled my voice.
but now he wants to make a capital of his obc roots, said patole, explaining the timing of his resignation.
he will now head for gujarat where he is to share dais with rahul gandhi and speak out about modis alleged double standards and fake concern for the poor and backward classes.
patole said congress was the only anti-bjp platform in the election-bound state to put his views through and countering modi.
parrying a question on whether he would contest the by-election that will be necessitated following his resignation from the lok sabha seat, patole said, under modi, the election commission has lost its autonomy, you never know if the by-election will be conducted before 2019.
from december 15, patole plans to tour his constituency to meet people and seek their views before deciding further course of action.
i will also tour gadchiroli, chandrapur and then rest of maharashtra, he added, making it clear that he would concentrate more on state matters in future instead of going to delhi.
sena president uddhav thackeray on sunday criticised bjp without naming it and said that it was obsessed with .
.
.
read more(this story originally appeared in on jun 24, 2019)(this article was originally published by the economic times on 24/06/2019.
)mumbai: bjp s assertion that the next chief minister of the state will be from the bjp continues to rankle shiv sena .
sena president uddhav thackeray on sunday criticised bjp without naming it and said that it was obsessed with the post.
every day the newspapers are publishing who would be the next chief minister.
for me the chief ministers post is not important.
those dreaming about the post should first solve the issues of farmers or else the rage that is among the farmers would even burn the government,  he said while addressing a farmers rally in shirdi.
uddhav said those obsessed with the post would be shown their place by farmers if their demands are not met.
the sena chief said he is not speaking against the government but in favour of farmers and that he would use his good equation with the chief minister to get justice for them.
he also attacked bjp for being obsessed with winning elections.
winning one election and then more, we are not obsessed with that.
we are concerned with solving peoples issues.
he also said a government that does not solve issues of the farming community is nalayak (incompetent).
the sena has been saying that the next chief minister would be from the party while bjp leaders claim that post would be filled by their party.
uddhav on saturday also slammed senior bjp leader and girish mahajan who had claimed that the next chief minister would be from bjp.
bjp chief amit shah devendrafadnavis and i have had meetings and decided on the alliance.
others should not interfere in it, uddhav had said.
incidentally the sena presidents tirade against bjp comes a day before mlas of both parties are to be addressed in a meeting by both fadnavis and him.
this story is from december 14, 2018file photo of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citypune: the state government this week granted sanction to prosecute five activists  sudhir dhawale, rona wilson, surendra gadling, shoma sen and mahesh raut  arrested in the elgar parishad case on charges of sedition and waging war against india among other charges of the indian penal code.
assistant commissioner of police (swargate division) on thursday filed the sanction order issued by deputy secretary (governors office) vijay patil on december 10 before the special court judge, k d vadane, through public prosecutor ujjwala pawar.
pawar told toi, at the time of filing the chargesheet against the five activists and five others on the run, we had mentioned before the court that the investigation officer had submitted a report seeking permission of the government to prosecute the activists for committing a series of offences under section 153 (a) of the indian penal code among other charges.
we had also mentioned that the sanction order would be filed at a later stage.
she said, the competent authority, after studying the report, accorded the sanction under section 196 (1) of the criminal procedure code.
after receiving the sanction order, we have filed it before the court.
we had earlier obtained sanction from the government for prosecuting the activists under the sections of the unlawful activities (prevention) act, she added.
dhawale, wilson, gadling, sen and raut were arrested on june 6 in the elgar parishad case for their alleged link with banned cpi (maoist) during simultaneous raids conducted by the pune police.
five other activists were arrested in the case for the same reason in august.
on november 15, the pune police had filed a chargesheet against gadling and the four other activists arrested on june 6 and five underground maoist operatives, including three top maoist leaders, for plot to kill the prime minister of india , conspiracy to create unrest, overthrow the government and wage a war against the country.
the court on thursday deferred hearing on the bail plea of gadling because he, dhawale, wilson and raut were not produced before the court because no escort was available for seeking their custody from the yerawada central jail.
the court will continue with hearing gadlings arguments and that of others on december 17.
activist sen on thursday filed her second bail application after the chargesheet against her and the others were filed.
nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis told the assembly on tuesday that mumbai metro one pvt ltd (mmopl), which operates the mumbai metro system , has not paid rs 31.
68 crore rent to the mumbai metropolitan regional development authority ( mmrda ).
the cm was responding to a question raised by mla sharad sonawane from junnar in pune district.
the mmopl, as per its agreement with mmrda, had agreed to construct a training centre and administrative office for the home guard, he said, adding that, the company had used 24 hectares of home guard land for a casting yard.
but its rent worth rs 31.
68 crore is not paid by mmopl to mmrda.
we have written letters to the company (mmopl), but they are not responding to it, he added.
fadnavis also said that so far, mmopl has not constructed the administrative office and training centre for the home guard.
the mmrda has now proposed to construct it on its own, he said.
nagpur: amid wagging tongues within the bharatiya janata party, substantial changes were effected on the stage and backdrop being used for union minister nitin gadkari birthday gala celebrations at kasturchand park (kp), on saturday.
three days ago, the stage being built was designed to depict a fortress with some portions resembling the red fort of delhi.
this was flanked by a cut-out of a flyover on one side and a ship on the other to convey the two ministries under gadkari.
by friday afternoon, much of it had changed.
the fort was almost missing or pruned and the flyover and ship props were dropped.
sources said that the changes were done to tone down the opulence of the event.
some party workers also felt that the theme would suggest that gadkari had more ambitions in new delhi.
some members of the felicitation organizing committee, which is headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis , felt the theme would also offend prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah.
asked for the reasons of change, corporator and leader of ruling party in the civic body, sandeep joshi, who is closely associated with organizing the event, said, the design changes were effected as it was getting unwieldy and taking a long time to complete.
we decided to make it simple and functional and there is absolutely no basis for politicizing the changes, said joshi.
incidentally, while several bjp-ruled states' chief ministers and union ministers made it the event, shah was conspicuous by his absence though the organizers had earlier announced that he would be would be attending.
but, then, the presence of top politicians like sharad pawar of the ncp and sushilkumar shinde of the congress on the dais provided some political balance.
this group has undertaken an initiative called operation tracking for the purpose.
fadnavis was replying to questions of opposition leaders related to deaths and murder of ayush pugaliya, a convict in kush katariya case, in jail.
he said jail officials have been urged to remove broken pieces of tiles, utensils, boulders, loose bricks and other objects which can be misused inside prisons.
he also informed the house that jail officials are now being asked to isolate problematic inmates and separate from others in the barrack.
i salute the pilots of the iaf.
rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1551153927000          https://t.
co/yjn5kmnvzf  randeep singh surjewala (@rssurjewala) 1551153947000today's strong action shows the will and resolve of a new india.
our new india will not spare any acts of terror an https://t.
co/wszclkqerr  amit shah (@amitshah) 1551167884000subramanian swamy: even if it was their territory, we have under the united nation charter the right of self-defenc https://t.
co/gegukgwn7o  ani (@ani) 1551153995000i salute the bravery of indian air force pilots who have made us proud by striking terror targets in pakistan  arvind kejriwal (@arvindkejriwal) 1551154310000we salute bravery of our pilots and air force.
we are blessed and proud of our forces.
jai hind  tejashwi yadav (@yadavtejashwi) 1551155932000they say they want india to bleed with a 1000 cuts.
we say that each time you attack us, be certain we will get bac https://t.
co/brmcdqpkob  vijay kumar singh (@gen_vksingh) 1551157775000weve entered a whole new paradigm with the balakote air strike.
the post uri strike was to avenge our losses, bala https://t.
co/tk3t7bwmi6  omar abdullah (@omarabdullah) 1551162525000this one will be filed under tweets we wish we hadnt put out but cant delete now.
dont worry we all have them https://t.
co/6gqpab8vww  omar abdullah (@omarabdullah) 1551163344000if my aversion to unnecessary retaliation & subsequent war makes gullible people question my nationalism then so be https://t.
co/uuslu6ddjb  mehbooba mufti (@mehboobamufti) 1551172691000iaf also means india's amazing fighters.
jai hind  mamata banerjee (@mamataofficial) 1551157770000every indian who had d pain n anguish of d martyrdom of our forces is greatly relieved and delighted this morning.
https://t.
co/u0kltmrhjh  ram madhav (@rammadhavbjp) 1551158575000our 12 return safely home after wreaking havoc on terrorist camps in pakistan.
india is proud of its heroes.
i salute their valour.
kamal haasan (@ikamalhaasan) 1551158944000i salute the indian air force and indeed all our armed forces.
congratulations @iaf_mcc  akhilesh yadav (@yadavakhilesh) 1551157000000a owaisi: was expecting this sort of response within 2-3 days after pulwama blast.
welcome this.
we stand with govt https://t.
co/4aelcvhnfo  ani (@ani) 1551169950000ex-army chief general bikram singh: it's an excellent operation that has been undertaken.
it was certain it'll happ https://t.
co/avds0qxcqn  ani (@ani) 1551174820000mess with the best, die like the rest.
salute #indianairforce.
@narendramodi.
ajay devgn (@ajaydevgn) 1551155484000salute to the our armed forces.
jai hind.
swara bhasker (@reallyswara) 1551161601000make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: indian air force on tuesday carried out aerial strikes at major terror camps in pakistan occupied kashmir, completely destroying them, 12 days after the ghastly terror attack in pulwama.
12 mirage 2000 jets took part in the operation that dropped 1000 kg bombs on terror camps across loc (line of control), completely destroying them, iaf sources said.
the air strike was carried around 3:30 am, sources said.
reactions have started coming on the news of strikes by iaf's mirage 2000s on terror camps across loc.
congress chief rahul gandhi, in a one-line tweet, saluted iaf pilots.
a similar tweet was posted by congress' randeep surjewala.
bjp chief amit shah said, the strikes demonstrated the resolve of a 'new india.
'bjp's subramanian swami in his tweet said pok is legally indian territory anyway .
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal also saluted the iaf pilots in a tweet, hailing their bravery.
he later said, the entire country was with the government and the prime minister at this time.
tejashwi yadav of rjd also tweeted on similar lines.
mos external affairs vk singh every attack will be responded to with a stronger, harder reaction.
former j&k cm omar abdullah called the balakot strike a whole new paradigm.
in a separate tweet, he also took a dig at the pakistani military.
another former j&k chief minister mehbooba mufti struck a different chord in her tweets.
union hrd minister prakash javadekar tuesday hailed the air strikes, saying the entire nation stands firmly behind the armed forces, pti reported.
it was a necessary step required for the security of the country .
.
.
it was an act of maha parakram (mightily act), he said.
west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee also hailed iaf's pilots.
bjp's ram madhav in his tweet said every indian who was pained at the martyrdom of our forces would be delighted at the news of air strike.
actor-turned-politician kamal haasan hailed the valour of the 12 iaf pilots.
the maharashtra assembly on tuesday passed a unanimous resolution congratulating the indian armed forces for the strikes, pti reported.
we feel proud of our armed forces which did not allow martyrdom of our jawans to go in vain.
samajwadi party chief akhilesh tweeted a congratualtion to the iaf.
asaduddin owaisi of mim hailed the strikes, and said india should now go after terrorists like masood azhar and hafiz saeed.
former army chief gen bikram singh the writing was on the wall ever since pm modi promised action.
bollywod too took to twitter to congratulate iaf.
in video: surgical strike 2.
however, cases against history-sheeters will not be dropped while cases of serious offences will be placed before a committee.
the cm told the legislative council that a committee would be set up under the additional dgp (law and order) to examine the serious cases and it would submit its report in three months.
he said 17 cases had been lodged under the sc/st atrocities act and 620 other cases had been lodged during the bandh and there were 1,999 accused.
around 300-350 cases of serious offences were recorded, the cm said.
the opposition has been alleging that the government had filed cases against innocent dalit youth during the bandh.
fadnavis also said that compensation would be paid for damages during the bandh.
the losses were estimated at rs 13 crore.
responding to allegations that the government was not doing enough to secure the arrest of prime accused milind ekbote, fadnavis said, he has been given conditional bail by the supreme court.
we are trying to secure his custodial interrogation.
fadnavis said the state would take over maintenance of the samadhi of chhatrapati sambhaji maharaj close to koregaon bhima.
he said the state would take action against those named in the report of the panel appointed to probe the koregaon bhima violence.
nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday claimed that the the loan waiver done by congress led governments at centre and state in 2008 benefitted banks and credit societies and not a majority of farmers.
while replying to detailed discussions under rule 293 initiated by mla anil bonde and others, he declared the bjp-sena government in state had so far distributed rs20,734 crore in 43,16,768 accounts, out of rs34,022 crore loan waiver announced by them.
of these, 28.
97 lakh were loan accounts while 14 lakh accounts were of those who had repaid their loans in time.
other ministers including agriculture minister pandurang phundkar, water resources minister girish mahajan, water conservation minister ram shinde and cooperation minister subhash deshmukh also replied on behalf of their respective departments.
cms reply, with facts and figures, took the wind off sails of opposition that had attacked the government on wednesday for misleading the public and demanded complete loan waiver.
congress-ncp also held big morchas on tuesday for fulfilling farmers demand.
after cms speech, the opposition benches led by leader radhakrishna vikhe patil, former cm prithviraj chavan and ex-deputy cm ajit pawar staged a walkout while flaying the government for not providing justice to the farmers.
earlier, phundkar assured to provide complete help to cotton-growers whose crops were damaged due to attack by pink bollworms.
the government formulated three-pronged strategy where it would be compensating them for the losses and the seed companies were also told to pay damages.
insurance firms too have been asked to compensate, he said.
he announced they would be closing about 50 agriculture colleges operating without infrastructure and facilities, which were granted permissions by the democratic front (df) government.
we also took action against bt cotton seeds producers like monsanto for supplying sub-standard products by filing 110 court cases.
we also sealed a godown of mahyco, where outdated seeds were believed to be stored.
we will lodge offences if samples are found to be substandard and will not spare anyone whose actions left farmers devastated, phundkar said.
while admitting vacancies in his department, phundkar assured that half the posts would be filled up soon.
on irrigation, mahajan said the government would be completing 26 major projects by 2019, including gosikhurd which would irrigate a huge area of 5.
50 lakh hectares.
he declared that due to efforts of union minister nitin gadkari and cm, the centre included 26 state projects in pradhan mantri krishi sinchayee yojana (pmksy) and granted rs16,600 crore for completing them.
the state would take a loan at 6  interest from nabard towards its share for these projects.
we have granted approvals to revised estimate cost (suprama) of 212 projects of which 102 are in vidarbha and 27 in marathwada, while df government could approve only four projects in their last tenure.
recently, approval is granted for third revised cost to gosikhurd at rs18,494 crore and spent rs9,698 crore till date.
we have also recruited 1,240 junior engineers for expediting all projects, he said.
fadnavis charged that a bank had allegedly siphoned off money received under congress governments loan waiver scheme through five lakh fake accounts.
he named kolhapur dcc bank for disbursing rs37.
37 lakh in account of one indrajit towards loan waiver, despite the fact the he was from well-to-do family.
so far we have disbursed rs5,754 crore in vidarbha and rs6,000 crore in marathwada in over 22 lakh accounts of farmers and rs3,704 crore in over seven lakh accounts in north maharashtra.
the online system adopted is completely transparent and ensures benefits reach the right farmer, he said.
citing strictures passed by the cag in its report on df governments loan waiver, he said they distributed rs287 crore to 1.
43 lakh farmers in mumbai while only 285 crore were granted to six-suicide prone districts in vidarbha.
in our package, most districts in backward region, would get over rs1,000 crore each.
our package would continue until last affected farmer got the benefit, he said.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: maharashtra cabinet has cleared setting up of a scheme to provide subsidy on lpg connections on the lines of the central government's prime minister ujjwala yojana pmuy ).
as per the scheme, the state government aims to create a 'smoke-free' state by replacing wood fired stoves with lpg connections.
the state has announced a rs 3,846 for every new gas connection to families, who do not get benefits of the ujjwala scheme.
there are 41 lakh households in the state which do not have a gas connection today and most of them may be covered under the pmuy scheme this year and the remaining will be covered under the state's scheme.
many of the households were not covered in the central scheme because of the ineligibility.
bpl households having a ration card will be eligible to get the gas connection, said an official.
according to officials of the food and civil supplies department, the scheme will be first implemented among the below poverty line (bpl) ration card holders from the 14 districts of maharashtra where farmer suicides have been the highest.
the lpg connection will be provided in the name of the female member of these households as they are the most effected by the open-fire cooking .
an official said that the an allocation of rs 100 crore has been made to implement the scheme.
the aim is to make the state smoke-free in terms of using wood for cooking by the end of march 2021, said an official.
there are 40.
98 lakh pmuy gas connections in maharashtra and officials say that nearly 80  may have ordered a refill.
even as the scheme was widely famous, the refill rate was very low.
it was noticed that most beneficiaries after getting gas connections have not been able to continue using lpg as a medium for cooking, perhaps because of the steep cost of a refill.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis was left red-faced after he had to withdraw a circular on the right to information (rti) act following critical remarks on social media and an uproar in the legislature.
the general administration department (gad) led by fadnavis had set up a committee headed by additional chief secretary (home) sudhir shrivastava to draft guidelines on providing information to legislators and mps.
the gad found that elected representatives seek copies of remarks and noting on crucial files and whether or not such information could be provided to them.
eyebrows were raised after rti activists said that the circular was against the spirit of the rti act.
the question arises that when the rti act is clear on providing information, why was the committee set up.
it appears that the cms office did not realise that an attempt to impose restrictions would boomerang.
fadnavis announced the rs 34,022 crore loan waiver scheme for 89 lakh farmers, but could not take credit due to the bureaucracys casual approach.
a week after the announcement, the cms office realised that the figures were exaggerated in view of wrong information given by the state level bankers committee.
it later transpired that there were only 69 lakh beneficiaries and loan waiver amount would not be more than rs 26,000 crore.
the information technology secretary was later sent on leave for goof-ups.
now, kolhapur shiv sena mla has revealed that rs 25,000 was deposited in his account, though he was not eligible under the scheme.
he was followed by former lok sabha member vasant more from jalgaon.
a former chief secretary said a probe must be instituted to verify if the goof-ups were coincidental or deliberate.
it is mandatory for charity hospitals to reserve beds for poor patients, but many hospitals flout the norms.
charity commissioner shivkumar dige adopted a new method and visited leading private charitable hospitals to ascertain if the guidelines on treatment of poor patients were followed.
in cases where rules were violated, he invoked the provisions of bombay public trust act and ensured that poor patients were treated in private charitable healthcare facilities.
nagpur: amid reports of pink bollworm taking a major toll on the states cotton crop, nearly 2 lakh farmers have filed complaints seeking compensation from manufacturers of genetically modified bt cotton seed.
the seed, which is manufactured by domestic companies using a technology provided by us giant monsanto , is supposed to be resistant to the pest.
given the intensity of the pest attack, state government has started a campaign inviting complaints from farmers against seed companies.
the decision on amount of compensation to be paid will be taken after hearing the complainants as well as views of seed manufacturers.
considering the huge number of cotton farmers in the state, the number of complaints are very few, said sources in the state government.
over 40 lakh hectares of farmland is under cotton.
hence, the average holding comes to 1.
54 hectares per farmer.
based on this, at least 10 lakh farmers were expected to have come forward seeking compensation, said sources who added that despite reports of a massive bollworm attack, the cotton production in the state has gone up.
the production of other crops has also increased, he said.
a source in the government said as against 20 lakh quintals in november last year, the market arrivals of cotton are double during the same month this year.
higher arrivals are an indication that the output has gone up, said sources.
meanwhile, the central institute of cotton research (cicr) has recommended that the states cotton crop should be terminated in december so that it ends the lifecyle of a bollworm.
prolonging the crop leads to further breeding of the bollworm which attacks the next seasons crop too.
the cicr is an agency under indian council for agricultural research ( icar ).
however, the state government has written to the icar and union ministry of agriculture asking if prolonging the crop led to the pest attack and if agencies like cicr should have recommended early ending of varieties in maharashtra if the varieties of 180 or 200 days duration are only recommended for maharashtra there is no question of extending the crop beyond december.
in such case, the crop would not yield any cotton bolls after the period doing away with the risk of bollworm attack, says the communication by the state government to central agencies.
government sources say the rampant use of illegal varieties of herbicide tolerant seeds is also one of the reasons for the pest crisis.
the technology is originally developed by monsanto which withdrew from trials subsequently.
however, illegal variates of the herbicide tolerant seed are available in the market.
the seed is resistant to herbicides which are sprayed to clear the weeds in the field.
but at the same time it has failed against bollworm leading to the attack, a source said.
this story is from december 17, 2018actress hema malini performs in dance drama durga in khasdar sanskrutik mahotsav at idcpe ground, hanuman na.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: bollywoods dream girl hema malini played the role of a goddess in dance drama durga and left the audience in awe at the ongoing khasdar sanskrutik mahotsav at ishwar deshmukh college of physical education, on sunday.
the two-act play presented, before a jam-packed ground, was a delight to watch.
the first half of the musical drama started with the story of sati who is married to lord shiva and her consequent death.
this pushes shiva to undertake a hermitage at himalayas.
sati is then incarnated in the form of parvati who, through her dedication and devotion, manages to win over the lord, and the first half ends with the marriage of the two.
the second half of the play opens with the entry of demon mahishasura who has a boon that he can only be killed by a woman.
terrorized under his reign, the people pray to the gods to save them.
they are then asked to pray to devi, the protector of the universe.
the prayers of the people are answered and parvati is transformed into the representation of positive and divine energy, called goddess durga.
blessed with powers from the trinity of lords vishnu, shiv and brahma, she defeats the demon, much to the relief of the people.
the play ended with shiva laying down on the ground to calm the goddesses rage and her worship by the people.
hema malinis performance as sati, parvati and durga are a testament to the actors unparalleled talent in dance and acting.
with eyes that express an array of emotion with ease, from durgas rage to parvatis undying love for shiva, the actress shined bright throughout the two-hour play.
choreographed to perfection, scenes like durga along with her various hands were impactful and worth watching.
hema malini was felicitated by union transport minister nitin gadkari and his wife kanchan.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis has suggested that the education system be reviewed every five years to keep in sync with the changing times.
fadnavis has started his own tv show 'me mukhyamantri boltoy', which is aired every sunday on doordarshan's sahyadri.
during a show, he talked about reforms his government has made in education and said that just like a city's development is planned every 10 years, it is necessary to review the education system every five years.
he said that by giving autonomy to colleges, they can perform better and improve their syllabus to make it more market oriented.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday appointed additional chief secretary (finance) d k jain as the states new chief secretary .
he will have a tenure of nine months as he is set to retire on january 31, 2019.
jain, an ias officer of the 1983 batch, succeeds sumit mullick , who retired on monday.
mullick will be new chief information commissioner.
the cics post had been lying vacant for more than a year.
jain took charge of his new responsibility in mumbai at around 4:30 pm on monday afternoon.
i would like to address the agrarian distress that poses a challenge to the state by drawing up a time-bound programme.
i would also work towards making the government more accessible to the common public through the use of information technology, said jain to mediapersons after assuming charge.
jain superseded two senior bureaucrats: additional chief secretary (relief and rehabilitation) medha gagdil and additional chief secretary (home) sudhir shrivastava.
though gadgil, shrivastava and jain all belong to the same batch, gadgil is the seniormost, followed by shrivastava and jain.
however, it remains to be seen if gadgil and shrivastava raise a banner of revolt or quietly accept jains leadership.
it (whom to select for the top job) is the prerogative of the chief minister.
it is not binding on the chief minister to appoint the chief secretary on the basis of seniority.
in the past too, on several occasions, the principle of seniority has been ignored and a bureaucrat of the cms choice has been appointed as the chief secretary, a senior bureaucrat said.
after he was inducted into the indian administrative service (ias), the elite group of bureaucrats, jains first assignment was in dhule in 1984 as assistant collector.
after this he was chief executive officer of the jalgaon zilla parishad and also solapur collector.
between 1995 and 2002 he was in new delhi on central deputation and came back again to the state as the rural development secretary between 2008 and 2015.
he was appointed the additional chief secretary (finance) on march 29, 2016.
nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday exhorted young lawyers to enhance knowledge, quality and contribute to the society.
he was speaking at a function organized by vidarbha lady lawyers' association (vlla) and bhandarkar family to felicitate junior lawyers, in memory of former nagpur university vice chancellor late pl bhandarkar.
senior administrative judge at nagpur bench of bombay high court bhushan gavai, advocate general rohit deo, guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule, vlla president padma chandekar and secretary ritu kalia shared the dais.
a plethora of dignitaries, including high court judges, senior lawyers, dba president prakash jaiswal, and others from legal fraternity attended the event at the high court auditorium.
while applauding vlla and bhandarkar family, particularly noted lawyer shreerang and wife anjali, for starting such awards, the cm regretted absence of any institutional mechanism to identify and encourage talented young lawyers.
calling on junior lawyers to work for getting justice for deprived sections, fadnavis reminded them that the society doesn't remember those who only earn money out of the profession.
citing the likes of mahatma gandhi , sardar patel and ex-us president abraham lincoln, justice gavai said all of them left behind their thriving legal practice to serve the society.
don't run behind money in your youth days or make it a yardstick.
make efforts to gain knowledge and make your foundation strong.
there is no limit to success, once you gain knowledge.
your commitment should always be to your nation and the profession, he said.
deo called on hcba and senior lawyers to take a cue from bhandarkar family for setting a precedent by starting such awards.
we saw a generation of lawyers, who were demotivated for lack of encouragement.
but these new lawyers are more studied.
they need encouragement and bhandarkar family has done what it promised, he said.
earlier, three junior lawyers from two categories were felicitated by the dignitaries.
their names were selected by a jury led by former family court principal judge meera khadakkar.
senior counsel sunil manohar, former high court bar association (hcba) president arun patil, additional public prosecutor jyoti vajani and kalpana pathak, were other members on the jury.
mumbai, oct 23 () the maharashtra cabinet chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday gave its nod to form the state housing development corporation to boost the implementation of the pradhan mantri awas yojana.
minister for housing prakash mehta said the corporation will boost pm housing scheme as well as speed up mega housing projects.
the government has aim to complete five lakh houses for economically backward classes and low and medium income group beneficiaries through mahahousing.
it will be affordable housing, the minister said.
maharashtra has set a target to complete 19.
40 lakh houses under the pm awas yojna by the end of 2022.
the centre has given its permission to build such houses in cities across the state, he said.
the project will be implemented through public-private partnership as well as a joint venture scheme.
but to implement the scheme in a time-bound manner, there is need to form separate agency other than maharashtra housing and development authority and that is why the decision to form mahahousing was taken, mehta said.
the chief minister will be the chairman of the corporation whereas the housing minister will be the additional president.
the term of the corporation will be till the year 2022 or till the pm awas yojana target is achieved.
the corporation will raise funds from mhada, slum rehabilitation authority (sra), shivshahi punarvasan prakalp (sppl) and through investment from other agencies.
the option to raise funds from market, banks will also be open, the minister said.
mumbai/aurangabad: chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday sent aurangabad police commissioner yashaswi yadav on forced leave for a month after his forces high-handedness against local protesters sparked a heated debate in the legislature.
last week, residents of padegaon and mitmita in aurangabad who were protesting against dumping of garbage in their areas were beaten up by the police.
the cm also announced an enquiry against yadav by a committee headed by the additional chief secretary (home) and the report would be submitted in a month.
he then announced sanctioning of rs 86 crore to solve aurangabad citys garbage problem.
in a rare move, legislators of all political parties, including the ruling bjp and shiv sena, joined hands to raise the issue.
leading the charge in the assembly, leader of the opposition radhakrishna vikhe patil alleged that the aurangabad police didn't even spare women and children.
he demanded yadavs immediate suspension and an enquiry by a retired judge.
ncp leader ajit pawar demanded that aurangabad municipal commissioner should also be suspended.
local mla atul save (bjp) supported the demand.
the assembly was adjourned five times amidst the ruckus.
later, the cm, in his reply, said, considering the sentiments across the party lines and seriousness of the issue, the government has decided to send the police commissioner on compulsory leave.
the incident happened on march 7, when several garbage-laden vehicles moved in the direction of mitmita-padegaon to dispose of the waste amid police bandobast.
local residents resisted the move and allegedly started pelting stones to stop the vehicles from entering their area.
in the melee, a few policemen and civic staff sustained injuries.
the police subsequently launched a crackdown on the protesters, which included an all-out combing operation in the several colonies of these areas.
a day after the violence, cctv footage of cops pelting stones at houses went viral.
cctv cameras installed at a house in the area clearly show a woman constable picking up stones and pelting them at houses.
in the legislative council ncp leaders dhananjay munde and satish chavan raised the issue, demanding action against the civic body and the police.
replying to a debate in the council, the cm said a detailed project report (dpr) would be prepared with the objective of solving the garbage disposal problem in three stages within a year.
aurangabad produces 430 tonnes of garbage a day.
i sent the principal secretary, urban development, to aurangabad and gave a five-point plan to resolve this issue.
as much as 76  of the 5,420 tonnes of garbage (accumulated in the city since the start of this month) has been collected and the remaining will be collected by march 17, fadnavis said.
in future, the state government will not approve allotment of land for garbage dumping, he said adding that land would be allotted only for segregation and processing of garbage.
nagpur: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis is set to inaugurate a mobile phone app of maharashtra police citizen portal, prepared by state criminal investigation department (cid), on which one can access the first information reports (fir) filed at any police station provided it is not pertaining to any sensitive case or ones which cannot be placed in public domains.
fadnavis would also release the data of crime statistics for the year 2015-16 assimilated and analysed by the state cid.
apart from cm, ministers of states dr ranjit patil (urban) and deepak kesarkar (rural) would also be present.
the addl chief secretary sudhir shrivastav and maharashtra state director general of police satish mathur too would be present.
the citizens portal was already activated in the past with around 24 facilities of police services including e-complaints being available.
the system enabled one to file a police complaint from anywhere with an electronically generated receipt.
the same facility is now being offered through even a mobile app.
according to a senior police official of state cid, the supreme courts direction has made it mandatory for an officer of the acp rank to decide which firs to be not uploaded in the public domain.
basically the cases pertaining to exploitations of women and children where there is a question of identity being revealed would not be uploaded.
the other cases pertaining to sensitive issues like naxalites and terrorists which can be harmful for the further investigation, said a senior official.
this is being done to empower citizens and also bettering the image of the police by making the mechanisms more transparent, he said.
the firs can be viewed only within 90 days of their being uploaded.
the firs since 2015 has been uploaded through crime and criminal tracking network and system (cctns), said the official.
apart from the firs, the names of the arrested persons and sections invoked against them which earlier can be accessed through portal would be now part of the benefits of the app.
the other facilities available would be information on missing persons, stolen mobiles and unidentified dead bodies.
chief minister devendra fadnavis's official bungalow, varsha in malabar hill, made it to the water charge defa.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: chief minister devendra fadnavis's official bungalow, varsha in malabar hill, made it to the water charge defaulter list compiled by the bmc recently.
keeping it company on the list are over a dozen ministers' official bungalows, making for a total default of about rs 8 crore.
these details were made available in reply to a right to information (rti) query filed by shakeel ahmed shaikh from the ngo adhikar foundation.
the corporation does not act against these bigwigs but is quick to disconnect water connection of regular mumbaikars in case the bills are not paid, he said.
ministers whose official residences were on the list were sudhir mungantiwar pankaja munde , vinod tawade, girish bapat (now elected to the lok sabha ), subhash desai and ramdas kadam.
the outstanding amount for fadnavis's bungalow is over rs 7 lakh, said thr rti reply.
public works department (pwd) officials, though, said on monday that the water bill for the chief minister's bungalow was paid in november.
they said the outstanding was only about rs 3.
78 lakh and the higher figure was a result of some bills paid in november not having been recorded as paid.
a statement by the pwd, which manages all government bungalows, said that water bills of the official bungalows of the chief minister and 18 other ministers were paid in november and another bill was sent in may, in which some discrepancies were noticed.
as a result, the bills were sent for a review.
an official said there were multiple water meters in these bungalows.
varsha has six, for the different residences on the premises, including staff quarters.
the pwd said bills were issued in bungalow names and not a person's name, and so it is not right to say bills were kept pending by individuals who live there.
the list of water charge defaulters on the bmc website shows the outstanding that various individuals, housing societies and entities like the railways and commissioner of police owe the bmc runs into over rs 2,000 crore.
exclusive cycle tracks uncertain futurenariman pointbmcwaghkiran dighvakarkumarorganiserscyclists and fitness enthusiasts have raised fears that the citys first exclusive sunday cycle track could be shelved just over a month after inauguration due to the blame game between bmc, traffic police, and the event organisers.
it was announced on december 3 that every sunday, two lanes -- from the national centre for the performing arts at nariman point to the bandra-worli sea link -- will be used only for cycling between 6 am and 10 am.
the project was envisaged by yuva sena chief aaditya thackeray, and the proposed route covered the ncpa, marine drive, babulnath, pedder road, annie besant road, khan abdul gaffar khan marg up to the sea link.
the launch was attended by bmc chief ajoy mehta and police commissioner datta padsalgikar, signalling a joint effort to make the project a success.
however, the cycle track, hailed as another great news for mumbaikars by chief minister devendrafadnavis , has been out-of-bounds for the cyclists on at least two sundays, during the new years eve a fortnight ago, and yesterday due to vip movement (the president was in mumbai).
the track is scheduled to remain out-ofbounds for cyclists this sunday as well due to the marathon, even as cyclists said on both occasions, it was a last-minute communication informing the sunday events cancellation.
cyclists reported that apart from cancellations, the route itself hasnt been made fully operational.
mulund resident sanjay, who was at the december 3 launch with his nine-yearold daughter, said the route was operational only till girgaum.
i want to ensure my daughter spends time outdoors and not in front of computer or tv on sundays.
we dont mind travelling all the way to south mumbai but the track isnt even fully operational, wagh, 36, said.
firoza suresh, whose firm pedal up, an initiative by smart commute foundation and handlebar, has been assigned to conduct the sunday event, admitted there were problems.
on most weekends, we are told about some events or obstructions due to which we havent been able to keep the track functional consistently, suresh said.
we are organising the sunday evening but all stakeholders, such as the bmc and the traffic police, will have to join in and resolve this issue, suresh said.
the bmc officials said the traffic police have been raising objections and denying permissions for the weekend event.
we have done our bit and ensured the event organisers are provided all help.
now it is up to the traffic police to ensure the sunday cycle track is fully functional.
we will also take up the matter with the cops to ensure the track remains open on sundays, assistant municipal commissioner (a ward), said.
a senior bmc official said the cops had raised objections to banners put up along the route by the event organiser.
as per the bmcs work order, the event organiser can put up such banners but the cops feel there is a problem.
yes, there are hurdles, the official said.
joint commissioner of police (traffic) amiteshdenied any such problem, including that of vip movement, instead blaming the barricades put up by the organiser for disruptions.
the problem is not vip movement, it is the coneshape barricades installed to separate the track from the road.
these barricades are extremely lightweight and cannot withstand even the slightest of breeze.
the barricades come in the way of cyclists, posing a risk.
hence we have asked the organisers to come up with better barricades, kumar said.
ani photosolapur: union home minister and bjp president amit shah on sunday challenged congress leader rahul gandhi and ncp chief sharad pawar to clear their stand on the withdrawal of the special status of jammu and kashmir ahead of the upcoming assembly elections in maharashtra addressing a rally here on the occasion of culmination of the second leg of chief minister devendrafadnavis ' 'mahajandesh yatra, shah said maharashtra would be the first state to go to polls after abrogation of articles 370 and 35 (a), which withdrew the special status of jammu and kashmir as well as the special privileges enjoyed by the people of the northern state.
i want to ask rahul gandhi and sharad pawar to make their stand clear on our decision to abrogate article 370 and 35 (a) of the constitution before they go for campaigning in maharashtra, shah said.
pimpri chinchwad: chief minister devendrafadnavis has sent the complaint of shiv senas shirur mp shivajirao adhalrao patil about irregularities in the pimpri chinchwad municipal corporation ( pcmc ) to the principal secretary of the urban development department for appropriate action.
patil said, i have received a letter from the chief minister, dated january 25, 2018, stating that my letter has been sent to the principal secretary (urban development-2) for appropriate action.
patil had complained about alleged irregularities in the pimpri chinchwad municipal corporation (pcmc) in the past 11 months after the bjp came to power.
one of his complaints was about the civic body suffering a loss of around rs90 crore in the contracts awarded for various road projects, worth rs425 crore.
the standing committee had approved them in december last year.
patil said, the contractors bagging the civic projects have not changed in the past 15 years.
nor has their number.
earlier, these contractors submitted bids below 20-30  of the estimated cost.
but now they are submitting bids and getting contracts at rates little below the estimated cost.
as a result, the civic body will suffer a loss of rs90 crore in these projects.
so, i demanded fresh tenders for these projects and wide publicity to them so that new contractors submitted their bids.
i am sure that the civic body will be able to save around rs50-60 crore if re-tendering is conducted and new contractors submit their bids.
he added, i have also complained about the allotment of transfer of development rights ( tdr ) worth rs5,300 crore flouting the rules after the bjp came to power in pcmc.
the third complaint is about flouting of rules in the tender process of construction of houses for weaker sections under the pradhan mantri awas yojana.
devendra fadnavisdownload the times of india news app for latest citykalyan: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis announced on monday that compensation would be given to the flood-affected people who suffered losses.
fadnavis -- who was in murbad taluka of maharashtra's thane district for the inauguration of a new police station and statue of chattrapti shivaji maharaj -- said, those who were affected by the floods will be given compensation so that they can overcome whatever loss they have suffered.
in some parts of badlapur kalyan and ulhasnagar, there was a flood-like situation near ulhas and valdhuni rivers, which overflowed due to heavy rain.
due to floods, mahalaxmi express train was also stuck on friday late night after which the national disaster response force and navy teams rescued over 1,000 passengers stranded in train.
mahim nature parknew director ofbegan refusing permissions to eco events held inside the park for years from april 2017environmentalists say govt wants to illustrate that nobody uses the park before handing it over to the slum rehabilitation authority.
the move to grab the 41-acre mahim nature park (mnp), one of mumbais last surviving green spaces, it seems has been in the works for close to a year now.
while the slum rehabilitation authority (sra) issued a notification seeking the parks inclusion in the redevelopment of dharavi, environmentalists on tuesday pointed out that the new mnp director began refusing permissions from april 2017 for annual events that were held inside the park for years.
these events were all related to environment and served the purpose for which the nature park was created  encouraging mumbaites to engage with nature.
among the events for which permission was turned down include:1.
annual seed collection by hariyali, an ngo active in creating eco-awareness.
2.
sunday farmers market between october and march.
3.
cycle katta -- a hangout for citys cyclists.
4.
annual sparrow day.
environmentalists mumbai mirror spoke to said these events were refused permission so that the government could illustrate a drop in footfalls and also disengage city from the park, making it easier for it to handover the park to the sra.
interestingly, permissions to hold any event inside the park became hard to come by after ashok waghaye was appointed mnp director in april 2017 replacing parks deputy director and a vocal environmentalist and votary of open spaces avinash kubal.
kubal was the face of mnp since 2000 and he encouraged ngos to host events to build public participation.
these ngos were charged a minimal fee.
but waghaye, sources said, has suddenly started quoting market rates, which none of the ngos can afford to pay.
as a result, the number of events held at mnp this year has seen a drastic fall.
while the park hosted over 175 events annually, there have been only 25 to 30 so far this year.
repeated calls made to waghaye to get his comment went unanswered on tuesday.
some mnp employees, who did not wish to be identified, however, claimed that some ngos have been denied permission to hold events because of some repair works going on inside the park.
affected ngos dont buy this excuse.
it is a sprawling park.
some or the other work is always on inside there.
also, most events take place in the outdoors.
this is just an eyewash, said a regular participant of the seed collection event.
meanwhile, political pressure began building on slum rehabilitation authority to withdraw the notification seeking inclusion of the nature park in the redevelopment of dharavi.
while an sra note released on tuesday said that mnp was always a part of the dharavi notified area and that there was no proposal to allow any construction in the park, political parties said they would not settle for anything short of withdrawal of the notification.
mumbai mirrors cover-page report on sras plan to grab the park led to a twitter storm with nearly 1300 tweets and over 17 lakh people reviewing the angry posts.
five shiv sena cabinet ministers met chief minister devendrafadnavis and submitted a representation asking for scrapping of the sra notification.
yuva sena chief aditya thackeray is scheduled to visit the park on wednesday morning to drum up support against the sra move.
senas group leader in the state legislature anil parab is also likely to raise the issue in the house.
meanwhile, the directors of mnp have sought a meeting with mmrda, which owns the land on which the park has been built.
the directors told this newspaper that parks director has kept them in the dark about the sra move and they would seek clarity from mmrda.
people walk through flood waters after a landslide in meppadi, wayanad district, in kerala.
(afp photo)thiruvananthapuram /ahmedabad: kerala and karnataka were facing a grim situation on saturday as death toll due to floods and landslides triggered by incessant rains climbed to 83, while over four lakh people were evacuated in maharashtra and 19 lost their lives in rain-related incidents in gujarat.
twelve people have died so far in maharashtra where water level was starting to recede in sangli and kolhapur districts, the worst hit by the flood fury.
fifty-seven people died in rain-related incidents with 80 landslides in eight districts of kerala since august 8, chief minister pinarayi vijayan said.
many people are still feared trapped under debris following major landslides that hit kavalappara in malappuram and puthumala in meppadi in wayanad.
the india meteorological department (imd) has issued a red alert for three districts on sunday -- wayanad, kannur and kasaragod.
congress leader rahul gandhi said he might visit his flood-ravaged constituency of wayanad on august 11.
probably going to kerala tomorrow.
i don't want to disturb the rescue missions there.
if i go there, i will be there for two days.
i have spoken to the prime minister, (kerala) chief minister, district collector and congress workers of the state, he told reporters in new delhi.
one of the four shutters of the banasurasagar dam, located about 21 km from kalpetta in wayanad was opened at 3 pm to discharge excess water and people on the banks of the kabini river have been asked to be cautious.
banasurasagar, one of the largest earth dams in india and the second largest of its kind in asia, impounds the karamanathodu tributary of the kabini river.
twenty three trains were cancelled fully and five partially, southern railways said.
in some relief to passengers, the kochi airport, which was closed after being inundated, will become operational from sunday.
across kerala, 1,24,464 people have been shifted to 1,111 relief camps, including 25,0028 in kozhikode and 24,990 in wayanad, officials said.
the flood situation worsened in karanataka too, where the death toll rose to 26 in rain-related incidents.
chief minister b s yediyurappa has termed the natural calamity the biggest in 45 years.
the state government pegged the losses caused by rains and floods at rs 6,000 crore and yediyurappa revealed that his government has sought rs 3,000 crore as relief from the centre.
landslides were reported near maranahalli in sakaleshpur, official sources said.
the entire pane mangaluru village in dakshina kannada district was inundated by the swollen netravati river, they said.
over four lakh people have been moved to safety from the flood-hit parts of maharashtra so far, including 3.
78 lakh from the worst-hit kolhapur and sangli districts where the situation showed signs of improvement on saturday as the water level started receding.
chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the rescue and relief operations in sangli on saturday and interacted with the people.
he assured all assistance to them.
addressing a press conference there later, fadnavis attributed the flooding to unprecedented rainfall during this monsoon, which he said was more than double of what was witnessed in 2005, when many parts of the state, including large areas of mumbai, were submerged.
three more bodies were recovered in the boat capsize incident that took place on thursday near brahmanal village in palus tehsil of sangli district during the flood rescue operations.
nine persons had drowned and as many others had gone missing in the incident.
with the recovery of three more bodies, the death toll in the incident has gone up to 12.
in gujarat, 19 people have been killed in rain-related incidents.
as of saturday morning, the state received 77.
80 per cent of annual average rainfall, according to data by the met department.
seventeen dams are overflowing.
last year, by the end of monsoon, dams had only 56 per cent water.
this year there is 60 per cent water stock in dams already, chief minister vijay rupani told reporters.
meanwhile, the maximum temperature in the national capital on saturday settled at 34.
3 degrees celsius, even as high humidity levels caused discomfort to the people.
cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis ordered a high-level inquiry against pwd officials for non-payment of water bills for varsha, his official residence, on wednesday.
the public works department (pwd) is led by fadnavis's trusted aide and party colleague chandrakant dada patil.
i have ordered a departmental inquiry against officials of the public works department for the goof-up over non-payment of water bills for varsha, fadnavis said.
a bureaucrat said the investigation had been entrusted to public works secretary manoj saunik, who will inquire into all aspects of non-payment of water bills.
the inquiry will also cover dereliction of duty by pwd officials, particularly the chief engineer and the executive engineer.
following an uproar in both houses of the legislature, the pwd paid the bmc rs 75 lakh towards water charges for 15 bungalows on tuesday, including varsha.
the pwd had objected to the rs 7.
44 lakh bill for varsha, saying the bmc was charging the commercial rate for water used in the canteen, where it was used exclusively for the chief minister's guests and visitors .
out of rs 7.
44 lakh, the bmc had charged rs 3.
37 lakh as water charges for the canteen, a bmc official said.
bmc charged it at commercial rate.
following the objection, bmc levied residential rate, following which it was reduced to rs 60,000.
on tuesday, the pwd cleared all the bills.
bmc records show the water bills were sent to the pwd at regular intervals.
pune: chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed state officials to allot government land in shivajinagar and balewadi to the pune metro project and clear all hurdles by june 17.
fadnavis chaired a meeting in mantralaya on tuesday in which he reviewed the progress of various infrastructure and irrigation projects.
he later tweeted the decisions made in the meeting.
fadnavis also instructed authorities to turn swargate into an integrated multi-modal transport hub, and said similar integration should be implemented even in shivajinagar for better coordination among the transport services.
the chief minister also discussed the possibility of making maha-metro a special planning authority .
the maha-metro rail corpo ration, which is constructing the two metro rail corridors in pune and pimpri chinchwad, has been eyeing government land to for the metro rail stations and depots in various locations.
a crucial proposal to establish an interchange station at the government foodgrain godown in shivajinagar, near civil court, was discussed in tuesday's meeting.
the godown is centrally located and will cater to metro rail's requirements.
two routes -pcmc-swargate and vanaz-ramwadi -are expected cross at this point.
also, a third route proposed from hinjewadi to shivajinagar is also expected to have a station here.
another proposal is to set up a metro rail depot at the college of agriculture in shivajinagar.
the state government owns both parcels of land at the moment, and, pursuant to the chief minister's directives, will hand it over to maha-metro.
brijesh dixit, managing director of maha-metro, said the corporation had put forth various proposals for land acquisition, including the interchange station at shivajinagar godown and depots at college of agriculture, katraj, vanaz and ahmednagar road.
dixit said the proposals were being discussed at length with the authorities concerned.
maha-metro has maintained that not every station requires land, as many stations are either elevated or underground.
apart from entry and exit zones, the stations will not need much space.
however, some major stations will require land which will come from the government.
pune: union road transport and highways minister nitin gadkari on saturday directed pune metropolitan region development authority ( pmrda ) to acquire at least 80  land for the proposed 128-km ring road project before the national highways authority of india (nhai) provides the necessary sanctions.
gadkari on saturday reviewed the ring road project and other highways in the region in the presence of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
at the meeting, gadkari said that unless 50  of land is acquired, tender cannot be floated and only after 80   of land has been acquired can sanctions be given for the project.
it is the local authoritys responsibility to acquire land for the project.
unless 80  of land is in possession, we cannot give the necessary sanctions,gadkari stated in the meeting.
the minister said that he has spoken with guardian minister girish bapat and city mp anil shirole and have requested them to put in all efforts to complete the acquisition wthin three months.
the project can be completed within two years after commencement of civil work, he said.
the project cost is estimated to be around rs 23,000 crore.
the cost of land acquisition will be around rs 13,000 crore and construction cost will be around rs 10,000 crore.
the state government had decided to take up ring road project, which connects 6 national highways passing through the metropolitan region of pune.
these highways are mumbai-pune (nh-48), pune-nashik (nh-60), pune-ahmednagar (nh-753f), pune-solapur (nh-65), pune-saswad-palkhi marg (nh-965) and pune-bangalore (nh-48).
pmrda had proposed to develop the ring road, having a length of 128 km, under the bharatmala project.
the part proposal for segment one for a length of 32.
29 km has been submitted to nhai for which sanctions are awaited.
gadkari has said that land should be acquired before sanctions are given.
pmrda ceo kiran gitte said that acquisition of land would be crucial for faster execution of citys ring road project and innovative models have to be drawn by the local authority to acquire land, he said.
gadkari said that the chandani chowk flyover project had not moved ahead as his department was still to receive the land.
he directed the pune municipal commissioner saurabh rao to come up with a proposal for land acquisition and compensation for those affected at the earliest.
i had inaugurated the project in august last year and now it is may.
it is embarrassing for me that the project has not moved forward, he said.
devendra fadnavisdownload the times of india news app for latest cityamravati: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said he was confident of getting a fresh mandate from the people and assured that he would devote his next term as the cm to make the state drought-free.
speaking at a rally at mozari in the district in the presence of defence minister rajnath singh, fadnavis, who launched his month-long 'maha janadesh yatra', said the next generation will not experience drought and he wanted to devote his second term to achieve the objective.
the state goes to polls in september-october this year.
i will save each and every drop of water for the welfare of the state, he said.
fadnavis slammed the erstwhile congress-ncp government saying the cabinet decisions taken during that time focused on safeguarding the personal interests of the ministers and not of the poor people in the state.
these ministers were such that they felt they could continue doing such things.
caring about their personal interests was their sole objective for being in power, he alleged.
previous chief ministers would come back empty-handed whenever they approached the centre for assistance.
but, modiji has given a lot to the state, he said.
referring to the induction of several political leaders into the bjp, fadnavis said, bjp is not going behind anybody pleading them to join the party.
several people are keen to join the bjp.
but we are taking only good people.
unworthy ones have no place and for them, we are 'housefull' and there is no vacancy.
this story is from february 4, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday ridiculed the mega-alliance of opposition parties in various states, claiming modi was the only national leader.
if modi does not get re-elected as pm for the next five years, it will be a loss for the country and not his personal loss, said fadnavis.
fadnavis was addressing a prize distribution programme organised by bharatiya janata yuva morcha, the youth wing of bjp , at sion.
though it was a sports event, it took on political overtones.
in a 20-minute speech, fadnavis targeted opposition parties, including former pm manmohan singh though the former pm was a great human being, but he was tongue-tied, and not able to speak without seeking prior permission from madam; he even had to ask her whether to attack the opposition or not, said fadnavis.
he added the 2019 election would be to decide whether we want a weak government like the previous one or want to continue with the pace of development set by modi.
the congress slogan was garibi hatao, but the poverty of only congress leaders and their relatives was eliminated.
on the other hand, each and every scheme of modi government is geared toward development, said the cm.
fadnavis further stated prior to 2014, 50  of citizens did not have a bank account.
now every rupee reaches the poor through direct benefit transfer to their accounts.
calling opposition leaders dogs and cats, the cm said modi was a lion.
bjym national chief and ls mp poonam mahajan termed the mega-alliance a maha-thagbandhan.
bjym had organized various sports and art and culture competitions across the state where over 42 lakh youngsters participated, claimed mahajan.
this story is from november 30, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis uses almost every platform to tom-tom nagpur metro project but shockingly his government is not paying its share for it.
the state share has fallen short by rs328 crore.
however, mahametro has rs357 crore surplus funds at the moment.
according to a source in mahametro, state and central government have equal share in the project (20 ).
centre has paid us rs1,024 crore so far while we have received only rs696 crore from maharashtra government.
in general states budgetary allocation is always less than central government.
this year the state had allocated only rs175 crore for the project, he said.
meanwhile, mahametro has appealed to state government to give more money to it.
we have demanded that land worth rs644 crore should be given to us at nominal rates instead at ready reckoner price.
this is because price of private land is more than that envisaged in the detailed project report (dpr).
we have also asked the state to pay the share of nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) and nagpur improvement trust (nit) as the two local bodies are not releasing any money, said the source.
the cost of nagpur metro is rs8,680 crore.
mahametro has spent rs4,797 crore on it including land cost.
thus 55  funds have been spent.
the figure is rs3,873 crore if land cost is excluded.
mahametro has so far received rs4,230 crore from various agencies.
this includes rs1,926 crore from german agency kfw, rs517 crore from agence francaise de developpement (afd), rs1,024 crore from central government, rs696 crore from state and rs67 crore from nit.
as it has spent rs3,873 crore so far it has rs357 crore in its bank account.
fadnavis and union transport minister nitin gadkari have resigned themselves to the fact that nmc will not pay its cash share of rs70 crore to mahametro.
gadkari has said that nmc will give extra land to the metro agency instead.
however, the terms and conditions of nmc for these lands  at cotton market for instance  are such that they are unacceptable to metro officials.
there seems to be lack of coordination between gadkari and nmc office-bearers.
almatti dammumbai: karnataka has so far discharged 4.
50 lakh cusecs water from the almatti dam, a move which is expected to ease flood situation in kolhapur and sangli districts of maharashtra.
an official in the chief minister's office (cmo) here said at present the discharge from the dam on the krishna river in bijapur district of neighbouring karnataka was 4,50,000 cusecs (cubic foot per second).
the discharge from the dam was 4,30,352 cusecs at 10 am on friday which was later raised to 4,50,000, he said.
the official said by friday evening, the discharge would be 5 lakh cusecs as demanded by chief minister devendrafadnavis from his karnataka counterpart b s yediyurappa.
fadnavis had said on thursday that he had requested his karnataka counterpart to discharge 5 lakh cusecs, a demand which he has agreed to.
the cm had said discharge from the almatti dam will result in drop in water level in kolhapur and sangli district in western maharashtra.
meanwhile, fadnavis on friday briefed prime minister narendra modi on the flood situation in the state.
a statement from the cmo said the prime minister took detailed information on the situation, rescue and relief measures and assured all assistance from the centre.
an indian air force helicopter has landed in sangli, where it will be deployed to distribute relief material, the statement said.
a total of 34 teams are working in kolhapur and 36 in sangli.
these include teams of the ndrf, navy, coast guard and sdrf, it added.
besides sangli and kolhapur, satara, pune and solapur districts are also reeling under floods.
as of thursday, over two lakh people have been evacuated to safer places in these five flood-affected districts.
download the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: mumbai was tuesday paralysed by incessant rain, which left many parts of the financial capital waterlogged and 21 dead in a wall collapse in the city.
fourteen persons died in rest of maharashtra in rain- related incidents in the last 24 hours, officials said.
heavy rains lashing mumbai since sunday threw rail, air and road traffic out of gear, with several trains and flights cancelled.
with imd forecast of heavy rains for tuesday, the authorities declared a holiday in the city and adjoining regions, asking people to avoid stepping out of their houses.
twenty one people were killed and 78 injured in a wall collapse in the northern suburb of malad in mumbai early tuesday following heavy rains.
the injured were admitted to civic-run hospitals and 15 of them were discharged after primary treatment, a senior civic official told reporters here.
efforts by rescue workers to get a 15-year-old girl out of the debris of the wall which collapsed in malad, proved futile as she was brought out dead.
two persons died in malad after they were locked up in a car flooded with rain water.
one person was electrocuted in vile parle and a security guard was killed in a wall collapse in suburban mulund.
in pune, six labourers were killed and three injured after a wall collapsed in ambegaon area late monday night.
a wall collapse in kalyan in thane district early tuesday killed three people, officials said.
in buldhana district, a 52-year-old woman was killed on the spot by a bolt of lightning.
altogether 54 flights were diverted and 52 cancelled at mumbais chhatrapati shivaji maharaj international airport due to inclement weather.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis visited the bmc disaster management control room and took stock of the situation in mumbai with civic officials.
fadnavis reviewed issues like railway traffic, road traffic movement, and areas where more focus and assistance is required, with bmc and mumbai police officials.
as a precautionary measure and as per imd advisory on heavy rains, we declared holiday tuesday, fadnavis said.
we need to remain alert for the next two days, he aded.
as rains continued to lash the city, water logging was reported at airport colony, vakola junction, postal colony, near chunabhatti railway station and vakola road, a bmc official said.
over 1,000 people were evacuated from kranti nagar, kurla, to prevent any untoward incidents due to an overflowing mithi river, he said.
at around 2 am tuesday, a compound wall in pimpripada area of malad collapsed, trapping people living in shanties adjacent to the wall.
in the incident in kalyan, the wall of an urdu school behind durgai fort collapsed around 1 am, killing three people in the hutments adjacent.
authorities declared tuesday as a public holiday in mumbai and adjoining thane as the meteorological department forecast heavy rains for the day.
the mumbai university also postponed the exam of b.sc computer science for first and second year students due to heavy rains, an official said.
a central railway (cr) official said cr personnel, with the help of rpf jawans, rescued thousands of passengers stranded in local trains and served them tea, biscuits and other food items at stations.
a senior official of the western railway said its suburban services are running between churchgate and virar even if the frequency was less.
many long-distance trains of the central and western railway were either cancelled or terminated ahead of final destination due to heavy rainfall, the official said.
power utility companies have also suspended the supply in some suburban areas of mumbai as a precautionary measure.
the heavy downpour also forced maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to cancel his scheduled ground breaking function of construction of a new building for mlas.
bmc additional commissioner ashwini joshi said an inquiry will be held into the malad wall collapse and any official found guilty will be punished.
fadnavis made a similar announcement in the state legislature, announcing a high-level probe into the wall collapse.
the malad wall collapse issue also figured in the state legislature on the last day of the monsoon session tuesday, with former deputy cm ajit pawar seeking dissolution of the shiv sena-ruled bmc.
monsoon was active over the entire north konkan belt, including mumbai, with imd predicting heavy to very rainfall over most places and extremely heavy rain at a few places.
on the imd's forecast, joshi said the intensity of the rainfall is likely to get intense during the next 24 hours in mumbai and suburbs.
during the last 24 hours, from 8.
30 am on july 1 to 8.
30 am july 2, bmc's weather stations recorded an average rainfall of 163 mm in the island city, 329 mm in the eastern suburbs and 309 mm in western suburbs, she said.
the disaster management cell of bmc received over 3,593 complaints, including those about water logging, wall collapse and tree branch falling on the helpline no 1916.
the next two days are going to be very critical to us and our machinary is geared to face any eventuality during excessive rains, joshi said.
all the 1,400 de-watering pumps of bmc are deployed at 53 flood-prone spots, including 22 chronic spots and assistant municipal commissioners have been asked to supervise their territory, she said.
joshi blamed geographic phenomena for water-logging in the city and said the bmc's monsoon preparedness was up to the mark.
heavy rains in a short period of time coupled with high tide in the city resulted in water-logging in several areas, ias officer said.
late tuesday afternoon, the central railway resumed its suburban services by running a few special trains in up and down directions, giving relief to commuters.
private weather agency skymet said mumbai is at serious risk of flooding between july 3 and 5.
close to 200 mm or more rain per day is likely during this period, which could hamper normal life, it said.
this story is from january 21, 2019mumbaikars during the marathon at csmt on sundayall dressed up to drive home a pointtalking aboutat the marathonmary kom andat the eventdriving home a message about social media overuseclowns add fun to the rundownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai shrugged off its usual rushed, corporate jungle avatar to turn into one large carnival yesterday.
reason?
to celebrate sportsmanship, unity and that never-give-up will.
early on sunday, the city woke up to the worlds top runners pulsating the streets along with corporate folks, homemakers, students and senior citizens, at the annual marathon .
a super-charged dawn that broke over the iconic csmt station brought them together as they participated in various race categories, including a dream run!
they walked, ran, got all dressed up for their causes and were cheered on by loud music and some dhol-taasha, tooat about 5.
30 am, the full marathon (42 km) flagged off from csmt, followed by the 21-km half marathon from worli seaface, both of which saw a slew of topathletes.
this was followed by the senior citizens run and finally, it was time for the dream run, which was flagged off by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis he was accompanied by wife amruta, actors kartik aaryan and gulshan grover as well as and tina ambani rahul bose and milind soman with wife ankita konwar, also took part in the race.
the run brought out a fun side to it, too  it had as folks carrying banners and balloons, and in fancy dress, to drive home their own special messages.
i wanted to take part in the #metoo movement to say that women should raise their voices against sexual harassment, said a participant.
another woman sported various heads on her shoulders, aka ravana, to denote how women take on a variety of roles.
please respect women.
a single lady does so much work and sacrifices so much to make her family happy.
i wanted to convey this, she said.
with environmental awareness being another subject thats top on the mind now, people were dressed as trees and shrubbery, and carrying posters to advocate recycling and going green.
a participant, who seemed to have images of all the rivers of india on his outfit, said, just like blood flows through the veins in the human body, in india, rivers such as the ganga and yamuna have their own special place.
if you connect all the rivers, agriculture, trade and transportation will become much easier in india.
health was another favourite topic, as folks got out on the run to encourage others to lead a healthier lifestyle, fight parkinsons and defeat depression.
its the age of social media and some youngsters donned tights and body paint to give out the message to limit its use.
to those who complain about their 24x7 mechanical work lives, a pair of clowns were there to provide a solution.
we are toy bankers and we advocate the power of play.
it empowers people to learn, grow and to establish themselves in the big, grown-up world, they said.
as an it executive, who came all the way from vashi to participate, enthused, this is the place to be.
mumbai shows what it is made of and a run like this unites everyone.
you have to be here to feel that!
the run went from csmt to fountain, marine drive and then metro.
everyone enjoyed refreshments at azad maidan post that.
if mumbai has a sporting side to it, that was on full display at the event.
heres to the city and its motivated folks!
this story is from november 14, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citykolhapur: after studying areas inundated during floods every year, the state water resources department has decided to expand the flood line adding more areas.
the survey has been completed and will soon be submitted to the state government.
the existing flood lines were demarcated after the floods of 1989.
after floods in 2005, construction in the no-development zones was allowed on several conditions.
flood line areas cover around 6,700 hectares of total area, out of which 1,391 hectare falls under the red line  the flood danger line.
the area under blue line, which is the no-development zone, which will be expanded further if the state approves recommendations made by the water resources department.
a senior official of the department, requesting anonymity, said, the flood lines have been fixed after studying flooding incidents.
in the last 13 years, more areas have got inundated during floods, creating a need to expand flood lines.
when the river water level touches the danger mark of 41 feet, water intrudes into the areas such as venus corner, collectors office, nagala park and kadamwadi.
even though there are restrictions over construction in the red zone (the area between blue line and red line), the kmc has permitted several constructions.
this aggravates the flooding situation.
in may this year, the state government issued directives to the water resources department asking it to revisit the flood lines and make changes as per changed circumstances.
developments such as gardens, jogging tracks, protecting walls, playgrounds and water supply pipelines are the only things to be allowed in the flood-prone area.
meanwhile, the association of architects and engineers kolhapur (aaek) has objected to the move to expand flood line, saying projects in those areas would be affected.
the association has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis , asking that the water resources department be instructed to conduct another survey with the assistance of experts associated with the association.
ajay korane, president of the association, writes in the letter to the cm: a private agency had been appointed by the department.
the suggestions of the agency to modify the flood lines are totally objectionable.
we are unable to understand the reasons for declaring the development zone as no-development zone.
the study of floods should be carried out and accordingly steps to mitigate the flood situation can be suggested.
we believe that extending the flood lines is technically wrong.
nagpur: on nitin gadkari 's 60th birthday on may 27, his long-time friend former ncp leader girish gandhi is opening an education facility that is named after the union minister for road, surface transport and harbour.
it is coming up in narkhed, which is gandhi's birthplace and is about 100 kms from here.
called the shri nitin gadkari agriculture and skill development centre, it would provide training to the farming community in latest technologies and also arrange lectures from agriculture experts in various fields like horticulture, soil management and dairy technology.
the centre would be inaugurated by assam governor banwarilal purohit on the morning of may 27.
in attendance will be several other dignitaries.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , who was to be present, has cancelled due to other engagements.
on the same evening, there is a big bash to celebrate gadkari's birthday at the historic kasturchand park in the city for which the nagpur bench of bombay high court has given the clearance.
the application to the collector to hold this programme was moved by gandhi.
though gandhi is not associated with any party, on tuesday, the bjp nominated his son nishant in its list of co-opted members to the nagpur municipal corporation (nmc).
according to party sources, nishant's name was suggested by gadkari.
gandhi has neither taken gadkari's consent nor has he invited him for the inaugural function.
he was upset that i have named the centre after him.
but i was firm on dedicating it to him.
it's the reason i haven't officially invited him, but he's free to come, gandhi told toi.
gandhi, who is also active in the city social circuit, said that if after dr panjabrao deshmukh, there is a second person who thinks so much for the farmers and always wants to work for their welfare, it's gadkari.
deshmukh was the agriculture minister in nehru 's cabinet and the state agricultural university, headquartered in akola, is named after him.
the gadkari centre, which will have state-of-the-art facilities according to gandhi, has been set up in 2.
5 acres at thadipawni in narkhed which comes in nagpur district.
the land belonged to gandhi and the campus is named after national leaders gandhi-ambedkar.
it has a capacity to accommodate 150-175 farmers at a time with three cottages for resource persons who would guide the participants.
to be operated under the aegis of krushi vikas pratishthan, where gandhi is the chairman, it also has a large dining hall to accommodate 90 persons.
the site was selected as it's my birthplace and located at junctions of three districts  amravati, wardha and nagpur.
it's opened basically for the poor farmers and women from self-help groups (shgs) and would be operated on a no-profit basis.
recently, we conducted about seven to eight free workshops.
we would be charging a nominal fee only if required.
our aim is that poor farmers should get best of facilities and training at our centre, he said.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis security has been beefed up after his office received two anonymous letters in which a group claiming to be maoist threatened to kill him and his family members.
confirming this, the cm said, we have received threat letters and handed them over to the police.
they will look into the matter and take appropriate action.
the letter mentions an anti-naxalite operation carried out in gadchiroli, where 39 maoists were killed.
we are inspired by marxs ideology and killing people belonging to this thought will not wipe out the ideology.
we will avenge the gadchiroli tragedy, reads one of the letters.
the content of the other is similar.
the c-60 squad of the maharashtra police and the crpf killed 40 maoists in an encounter in gadchiroli in the last week of april.
the source and location from which the anonymous letters were sent is not yet known, said a senior official.
both letters were received by the cmo in mantralaya a few days ago.
an official said that security in the state secretariat has been tightened.
the opposition has demanded a high-level inquiry into the matter.
its a serious issue.
the chief ministers security should be immediately boosted, said the congresss state spokesperson sachin sawant on friday.
the documents the police have recovered will be presented in court, said fadnavis, who was in andheri to attend the fourth anniversary of metro operations.
he also said, we have recovered several pieces of proof following raids on the urban naxalite front.
internal communication we have recovered instructs cadre to eliminate prime minister narendra modi in action similar to what helped kill (former pm) rajiv gandhi.
pune: chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said pune was not the only city deserving good officers in administrative posts, implying that former pune mahanagar parivahan mahamandal limited chief tukaram mundhe had got a promotion and was not shunted to nashik.
it is not just pune which deserves to have good officers.
(tukaram) mundhe has been posted as the new commissioner of the nashik municipal corporation.
in pune, he was just handling the transportation affairs.
now, he will be looking after the entire municipal affairs, not just transport, fadnavis said, replying to a question about the peoples displeasure over mundhes transfer.
fadnavis was in the city to inaugurate symbhav, the annual cultural festival of symbiosis law school at vimannagar , near the airport.
the dignitaries, including mp anil shirole , also inaugurated the renamed new airport road  now the symbiosis road.
in his speech, fadnavis referred to the investment pledges at the investors summit in mumbai over the weekend.
he claimed that the state would become one of the few large sub-national economies by boosting the digital economy.
there are about 12 sub-national economies whose sizes are one trillion dollars or more.
i believe that maharashtra has the potential to be one of those economies by 2025, he said.
fadnavis touched on legal aspects in his speech.
he said the spurt in economic and cyber offences required lawyers to be better equipped.
todays lawyers need to have the technical input in such cases as well.
with mediations and arbitration increasing, we need a stream of credible lawyers and jurists, said fadnavis.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis plans create 72,000 jobs in the rural sector to tackle the agrarian crisis despite a debt burden of more than rs 4 lakh crore.
the new posts will be created in the departments of agriculture, rural development, fisheries and irrigation to ensure that all the pending projects are completed in a time-bound period.
in the budget session, fadnavis had given an assurance that his government will draft a action plan to fill up vacant posts, which may cost the state exchequer around rs 67,000 crore.
the biggest challenge before fadnavis is to halt the sudden spurt in farmers suicides in vidarbha and marathwada.
fadnavis undertook a series of measures to tackle farmers suicides, but the results are not visible.
now with the recruitment of 36,000 people in the first phase, fadnavis is expecting that in the days to come, the agriculture, irrigation and finance departments will identify farmers in distress and draft an action plan for their rehabilitation.
earlier then chief minister vilasrao deshmukh made efforts to study the problem of agrarian crisis, but did not succeed.
committees were appointed to draft an action plan, but it did not yield results.
sushilkumar shinde, ashok chavan and prithviraj chavan also grappled with the issue.
but as a chief minister with a rural background, fadnavis has identified specific areas that need to be targeted and hence new recruitments will be made in key rural sectors.
however, the moot question pertains to resource mobilization.
at a juncture when debt has crossed the rs 4 lakh crore mark and leading financial institutions are insisting on a drastic cut in expenditure on wages, it remains to be seen how fadnavis will mobilize resources.
minister missing in actionit seems that the administration in j j hospital has collapsed and security personnel deployed on campus have failed to rein in anti-social elements and patients relatives.
in the wake of attacks on doctors across the state earlier, fadnavis had assured that adequate number of security personnel would be deployed in government-run hospitals.
true to his promise, security personnel were deployed, but they seem to be of little use.
recently, relatives of a patient went on a rampage, beat up doctors and paramedical staff in the presence of security personnel.
following saturdays incident, an inquiry was ordered by jj hospital dean sudhir nanandkar .
he also convened a meeting of department heads to take stock of the situation.
one of the reasons for the present state of affairs in the medical education department is lack of supervision at all levels, failure to convene regular meetings of the staff and poor interpersonal communication.
medical teachers and students said that the dean is inaccessible, while medical education minister girish mahajan is busy with his own assignments.
after the incident, medical teachers and students were expecting that mahajan would visit j j hospital to take stock of the situation and pacify the agitating doctors, but it appears that he has different priorities.
some student leaders spoke to mahajans office, but they were told that he is not available, as he is busy with the palghar lok sabha by-election.
when there is expansion in the field of medical education, it is high time fadnavis entrusts the medical education department to independent people, said a former dean.
the children, all aged under 14, are from some of the most remote villages in the state.
eight thousand children under the age of 14 from remote villages in the state suffering from life threatening heart ailments will get a second shot at life this year.
identified in an intensive survey conducted under the government-sponsored rashtriya bal swasthya karyakram  a state-wide screening and early intervention programme  the children will be operated upon by the city and states top doctors at some of the best hospitals, both private and public.
the state government has set itself a target of conducting all 8000 surgeries by the end of this year and the first batch of these children from villages of parbhani district in marathwada arrived in mumbai this week.
the deadline may sound ambitious, but it is important for the government to act fast in this case  doctors dont give at least half of these kids more than a year without urgent medical intervention.
apart from the numbers and the stiff deadline the state has set itself, what is remarkable is that the families of a large number of these kids were not aware of their condition before doctors arrived in their village schools and screened students for heart ailments.
those who knew, did not have the wherewithal to get them operated.
a paediatric heart surgery in a government hospital costs rs 1.
5 lakh, while in a private hospital it can set one back by rs 10 lakh.
the other problem being that paediatric surgeries are a highly specialised skill and are conducted at only at a handful of hospitals in the state.
bhakti shinde, 10, has two holes in her heart.
her family has known of her condition for nine years now.
her father, dattrao shinde, a resident kakode nagar in parbhani district and a marginal farmer with an income of rs 200 a day, left her to her fate after he was told by doctors at a hospital in aurangabad that she would have to be taken to mumbai.
he was also told the surgery would cost at least rs 4 lakh.
the health camp at her school last month was a god-send.
we have now been brought to mumbai.
i am told she will operated upon a few days time and that she will be fine, said shinde.
while two kids of the first batch of 20 were operated upon last week at balaji hospital, the government has opened talks with private-charitable hospitals to share the burden.
government-run kem and sion hospitals are the other two places in the city where surgeries will take place.
last month, chief minister devendrafadnavis had a meeting with the indian association of paediatric surgeons and several top doctors have volunteered to take part in the programme.
additional director, health services (family and welfare), dr archana patil said a team of 1100 officers and 64 civil surgeons in 32 districts is coordinating to conduct camps in schools.
focus is on identifying children who need urgent medical intervention.
these kids are being admitted to kem, sion, balaji, and narayana srcc hospital, she said.
while some of the surgeries could be funded under the states popular medical insurance scheme mahatma jyotiba phule jan aarogya yojana, the chief ministers fund too will be used wherever necessary.
some of the tata trusts too have agreed to fund the surgeries.
dr suresh joshi, senior cardiothoracic surgeon, said, i am glad that the current cm is keen about getting paediatric heart surgeries done as soon as possible.
last month i operated on four such patients for whom the money was sanctioned without any delay from the cms relief fund.
why would private hospitals hesitate if the government has paid half the money?
even we want to help these poor kids.
this story is from december 23, 2018sudhir mungantiwardownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
pune: senior bharatiya janata party leader and state finance minister sudhir mungantiwar has assured there would be no simultaneous elections in 2019.
earlier, the senior leader had said the state was ready with manpower, machinery as well as money if the ec issued directions for simultaneous elections in 2019, but on saturday, he ruled out the possibility.
we cannot have simultaneous elections this year  100 .
the committee set up to look into one nation one election was for the 2024 elections, and not the 2019 elections.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp chief amit shah too have, in the past, ruled out the possibility of concurrent assembly and parliamentary elections in maharashtra.
the chief minister had, however, extended his support to the one nation, one election concept.
the term of the maharashtra assembly ends on november 9, 2019, while the term of current parliament is only till june 3.
while there have been reports of the shiv sena demanding simultaneous elections during the seat-sharing talks, the minister told toi that, the elections to the lok sabha and the assembly will be held separately.
although the sena has continued its tirade against the bjp following the national partys recent losses in rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh assembly elections, there still is a chance of an electoral pact soon and the seat-sharing details are being finalized.
refusing to reveal much, a senior shiv sena leader said: the discussions are on and the final outcome is yet to be declared.
the bjp and the shiv sena contested the parliamentary election together in 2014, and riding the modi wave, had won 41 seats  bjp bagging 23 and sena 18.
bjps former ally swabhimani shetkari sanghatana had won one seat.
in the current maharashtra assembly, the bjp has 121 seats while the sena has 63.
the combined strength of the bjp-sena alliance in the assembly is 184.
pti photonashik: on the eve of the assembly elections in maharashtra , prime minister narendra modi will address a rally in nashik on september 19 on the concluding day of chief minister devendrafadnavis ' 'mahajanadesh yatra', a bjp official said on wednesday.
maharashtra bjp secretary laxman savji said preparations for the event are in full swing which will be held in tapovan locality.
prime minister narendra modi will address a rally on september 19 to mark the conclusion of the 'mahajanadesh yatra' at a ground in tapovan locality, he said.
savji also informed that the chief minister will hold a roadshow in nashik on september 18 which will cover all the three assembly segments-- nashik east, nashik west and nashik central.
all the seats are being held by bjp mlas.
the 'yatra' has been held in phases in a bid to reach out to masses ahead of elections, slated to be held in october.
this story is from february 15, 2019cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
the buldhana tour of chief minister devendrafadnavis was abruptly called off on thursday after he complained of uneasiness.
his programmes in akola and washim were also cancelled.
after programmes in the three districts, fadnavis was to fly to nagpur and halt there at night.
on thursday morning, he reached sindhkhedraja to inaugurate development works, including the newly-constructed building of the civic body.
at buldhana, he attended three programmes, after which he started feeling uneasy.
doctors with the convoy checked him and gave him medication.
his helicopter was flown to aurangabad, where doctors found he was suffering from hypertension .
cmo's twitter handle stated that he had reached mumbai and his health was good.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis will inaugurate the birth anniversary celebrations of freedom fighter-philosopher vinayak damodar savarkar , popularly known as swatantryaveer savarkar , on sunday at the revolutionary leader's birthplace bhagur in nashik district.
bjp state president raosaheb danve and nashik guardian minister girish mahajan are expected to attend the ceremony.
visitors will have the opportunity to see the books he authored, photographs and films on him and hear songs related to his activities, said state bjp vice-president prasad lad.
nagpur: the nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) has abandoned a newly constructed amphitheatre at bajaj nagar.
yet to be inaugurated, the paint on it is already fading.
chief minister devendrafadnavis had sanctioned special funds for developmental works in his south-west constituency two years ago.
ruling party leader sandip joshi then developed an amphitheatre adjacent to the basketball court at bajaj nagar.
the nmcs district planning committee (dpc) cell constructed the structure at the cost of around rs14 lakh a year ago.
on tuesday, when toi visited the garden, stray dogs had overrun the amphitheatre.
grass had grown on paver blocks laid in front of the stage.
apart from the fading painting, there were small damages to the concrete structure.
the dpc cell did not construct a seating arena at the amphitheatre as it was not in the scope of works.
the open space in front of the stage, where chairs are supposed to be placed for viewers, is in poor condition.
after the one at the traffic park, the amphitheatre is probably only the second one built by the nmc.
an official from dpc cell said the laxmi nagar zone should have planned the operation and maintenance of the amphitheatre.
our responsibility ended with its construction.
the zone office has to decide whether it is going to maintain it or hand it over to any citizens forum, he said.
a laxmi nagar zone official said he has no intimation from the dpc cell if work has been completed.
i will look into the issue soon, he said.
joshi said he would plan the projects operation and maintenance soon.
verma layout residents had demanded an amphitheatre.
the land on which the project was proposed is in dispute.
therefore, nmc shifted it to bajaj nagar, he said.
nagpur: the nagpur university on tuesday launched a crackdown against its old nemesis sunil mishra by taking a host of decisions against him.
it was on expected lined as reported by toi in a series of investigative reports last week.
nu will not only lodge a police complaint against him with sitabuldi police station for producing bogus mark sheets, it will also bar his entry in all of its seven premises till further orders.
toi on march 9 had first reported how mishra had managed to surrender his bogus mark sheets to the then board of examinations (boe) and get a high court reprieve from his 12-and-half-year jail sentence.
nu would also be writing a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis on inaction by ganeshpeth police station officials against mishra despite two complaints being lodged against him.
while cancelling the affiliation to mishras central india institute of mass communication (ciimc), the university decided to issue show cause notices to local enquiry committee (lec) members on how they had given a positive recommendation when it was working sans teachers, non-teaching staff and infrastructure.
the lec, headed by sanjay kanode with madhuri nasre and sayali pande as members, had given the green signal for granting affiliation for two years till 2019.
after receiving a slew of complaints, nu had decided to freeze ciimcs admission for 2018-19 session last month.
on tuesday, vc sp kane reiterated the decision while announcing that all its students would be accommodated in other colleges on nus responsibility.
a retired judge panel would probe financial misappropriation by mishra while another panel would investigate his move to surrender his travel and tourism diploma in same meeting of november 13, 2006, vc sp kane said.
nu would also be probing the role of dummy candidate pradip motiram rathod who wrote about surrendering his ma sociology (first year) mark sheet citing that he want to pursue ma political science (second year).
he appeared in both examinations simultaneously while brazenly flouting rules and cleared both subjects.
when nu withheld his results for this reason, he wrote for surrendering ma sociology mark sheet.
shockingly, the then boe members allowed his proposal, ignoring the fact that those were never handed over to him, the vc said.
he dropped a bombshell by disclosing that the then boe led by ex-vc sn pathan, pro-vc gs parasher, and ex-registrar subhash belsare were apprised of the fact that allowing someone to surrender mark sheets was completely out of its purview, still they committed the illegal act.
in police complaint, we would informing them on events taking place right from the first day and how then boe members became a part the conspiracy by allowing mishra and rathod to surrender mark lists.
interestingly, the boe had many self-proclaimed legal pundits at that time, he said, while indirectly referring to dr vedprakash mishra.
the vc disclosed that it was dr mishras letter to nu on surrendering his diploma which was obtained through plagiarism that led to the expose of his misdeeds.
dr mishra also sent his diploma for surrendering before boee while citing boes decision of november 13, 2006, which allowed similar acts of mishra and rathod.
on suspicion, we launched an enquiry through board of examination and evaluation (boee) director which led to these startling findings, said kane.
this story is from january 27, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari will perform bhoomipuja of rs 3,580 crore smart city project on february 2.
the two ministers will also perform bhoomipuja of rs 282 crore water supply project for unauthorized layouts approved under the central governments atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation (amrut) scheme.
east nagpur mla krishna khopde on sunday met fadnavis and finalized the schedule for bhoomipuja of two programmes.
fadnavis also assured to terminate notices issued to people of proposed smart city area for land acquisition in an improper manner, he said.
the nmc had proposed to convert an area of 1,743 acres of pardi, bharatwada, bhandewai and punapur in east nagpur into smart city.
nmcs special purpose vehicle nagpur smart and sustainable city development corporation limited (nsscdcl) is executing the project.
nsscdcl has awarded contract of tendersure to mumbai-based based shapoorji pallonji group couple of months ago.
the company is likely to begin works.
therefore, the bhoomipuja programme has been planned.
under tendersure costing rs 650 crore, 52km long utility works- roads, bridges, storm water drains, drinking water supply pipelines, streetlights, road-dividers, footpaths and an utility ducts for laying power cables, telecommunication companies optical fibre cables will be developed at a time.
this will ensure all facilities to the people at a time and a digging free area.
also, works of housing scheme, development of gardens, markets and other facilities have been planned in next stages.
under amrut scheme, water pipeline, related infrastructure, connections with meters will be executed in and around proposed smart city area, gorewada, dabha, jaitala, shivangaon, manish nagar, nara, nari, dighori, mankapur etc.
the central governments wapcos limited is executing the works.
pune: chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday announced that, next year onwards, a state-level science conference, on the lines of bharatiya vigyan sammelan, would be organised annually.
he was speaking at the valedictory ceremony of 5th bharatiya vigyan sammelan at fergusson college fadnavis further said that the conference will be organised in different cities of the state under the leadership of scientist vijay bhatkar.
the sammelan is organised every two years and it travels across the country, which means that it will be too long before it comes back to maharashtra.
hence, a conference could be organised every year in maharashtra so that science education gains momentum in the state and students get inspired by such exhibitions.
bharatiya vigyan sammelan organised the science expo with an aim to bring together traditional as well as modern sciences.
the expo was organised at fergusson college where it began on may 11 and concluded on sunday.
as part of the event, the brahmos missiles, bharat 52 howitzer class guns, among others, were on display at the institute.
over 400 research papers were presented at around 40 parallel and poster sessions during the expo.
learn from traditionalscience: fadnavisaccording to the cm, modern science can draw inspiration from the knowledge contained in ancient indian scriptures.
modern-era development has to have basis in traditional knowledge, fadnavis said at the launch of a book titled 'bharatiya dnyanacha khajina', which translates to 'treasure of indian wisdom'.
the book was written by prashant pol, national head of rss affiliate vishwa sanwad kendra our ancestors were ahead of their times, fadnavis said.
their work in basic science, medicine, mathematics, literature, trade and arts were path-breaking, the chief minister said.
fadnavis said the state government, to encourage books and literature on indian history, will add them to state-run libraries.
minister of state for defence, subhash bhamre and scientist vijay bhatkar, the chancellor of nalanda university , were also present on the occasion.
shivajinagar mla vijay kale had raised the issue in the ongoing budget session of the state assembly.
he said an inquiry would reveal more details about the alleged lapses.
kale said, the pune municipal corporation (pmc) has appointed a private agency to conduct the tree census.
recently, objections were raised by the tree authority members over the census work and payments made to the agency by the administration in an improper manner.
questions were also raised on the absence of tree census data on the website of pmc though the agency was expected to upload the data at regular intervals.
we want the administration to come clean on all the points raised by the tree authority and elected representatives.
kale said he got a written reply from fadnavis to the question he had raised.
he claimed that the only intention behind raising the issue in the assembly was to ensure better outcome of the tree census.
it has to be understood that the tree census is taking place in the city after five years.
it is an important project for the city in terms of environment protection and conservation.
we, therefore, want the civic administration to be more alert about the execution of the project and take all the necessary steps to ensure accurate results and maintain transparency in the project execution, he said.
a source in pmc said the elected representatives had raised questions over the tree census and payments being made to the agency by the administration.
the census of about 23 lakh trees has been completed so far.
according to rough estimates, about 30 lakh trees in the city will be covered under the ongoing census.
the field work of the project is expected to get over by august 2018.
the trees are being mapped in various categories.
the census will also help identify the endangered species of trees.
questioning the tree census method, civic activists stressed that details of the census should be shared on real-time basis.
vinod jain, an environment activist, said the tree census should follow the method of numbering of trees to ensure that every tree counted would get a unique number.
the ongoing census is not following the numbering system.
this could create confusion in the future because there are trees in common public areas and on private campuses or buildings.
numbering could make the identification of every tree simpler for common people, he said.
according to environment activist vaishali patkar, the tree census data was not being made available on real-time basis.
we have urged to upload the data regularly and not to wait till the census of the entire zone gets over.
regular update will help people monitor the census work, patkar said.
washington: the world bank has said it failed to arrive at an agreement with a visiting pakistani delegation on a way forward to address islamabad's concerns regarding the indus waters treaty with india.
a high-powered pakistani delegation led by attorney general ashtar ausaf ali met with world bank chief executive officer devendrafadnavis and other senior officials on monday and tuesday.
during the meetings, held at pakistan's request to discuss issues regarding the indus waters treaty and opportunities within the treaty to seek an amicable resolution, several procedural options for resolving the disagreement over the interpretation of the treaty's provisions were discussed, the bank said.
while an agreement on the way forward was not reached at the conclusion of the meetings, the world bank will continue to work with both countries to resolve the issues in an amicable manner and in line with the treaty provisions, the bank said in a statement at the end of the talks.
the delegation of the government of pakistan also shared with the bank their concerns about the recent inauguration of the kishanganga hydroelectric plant, the statement said.
last week, prime minister narendra modi had inaugurated the 330 mw kishanganga hydroelectric project in jammu and kashmir.
pakistan had protested the inauguration claiming that the project on a river flowing into pakistan will disrupt water supplies.
the embassy of pakistan here did not immediately respond to questions related to the world bank meeting.
the indus waters treaty is a profoundly important international agreement that provides an essential cooperative framework for india and pakistan to address current and future challenges of effective water management to meet human needs and achieve development goals, the bank said.
as a signatory to the treaty, the world bank's role is limited and procedural, it noted.
in particular, the role in relation to differences and disputes is limited to the designation of people to fulfill certain roles when requested by either or both parties, the bank said.
at the conclusion of the talks, the world bank said it remained committed to act in good faith and with complete impartiality and transparency in fulfilling its responsibilities under the treaty, while continuing to assist the two countries.
the world bank did not respond to question if it approached india on the pakistani allegations.
islamabad had been raising objections over the design of the 330 mw kishanganga hydroelectric project, saying it is not in line with the criteria laid down under the indus waters treaty between the two countries.
but, india says the project design was well within parameters of the treaty.
the project, located at bandipore in north kashmir, envisages diversion of water of kishan ganga river to underground power house through a 23.
25-km-long head race tunnel to generate 1713 million units per annum.
the kishanganga project was started in 2007 but on may 17, 2010, pakistan moved for international arbitration against india under the provisions of the indus waters treaty.
the hague-based international court of arbitration allowed india in 2013 to go ahead with construction of the project in north kashmir and upheld india's right under the bilateral indus waters treaty to divert waters from the kishanganga for power generation in jammu and kashmir.
the international court, however, decided that india shall release a minimum flow of nine cubic metres per second into the kishanganga river (known as neelam in pakistan) at all times to maintain environmental flows.
pakistan is building a 969 mw neelum-jhelum hydroelectric project downstream.
nashik: chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday strongly advocated that nashik municipal corporation (nmc) should take over the responsibility of city bus services.
fadnavis was addressing a gathering during the valedictory function at property expo, shelter 2017, at dongre vasatigruha ground.
the nmc should take over the city bus services if maharashtra state road transport corporation (msrtc) is unable to manage it, he said.
the chief ministers remarks on the issue assumes huge significance since various stakeholders, including some city ngos, have been insisting that the civic administration should take over the service just like their counterparts in cities like pune, nagpur etc.
the msrtc has been insisting with the nmc for a long time to take over the public transport system that is presently in poor state and is unable to provide quality services following its mounting losses.
it has been reducing its fleet at regular intervals causing inconvenience to the commuters.
assuring the city commuters that the state government would resolve the transportation problem of nashik city at the earliest, fadnavis suggested that the nmc can take up various models to run the city transport system to make it viable and sustainable.
we want to transform nashik into smart city.
i am told that transportation is a problem.
the nmc should take over the bus services in the city if the state transport utility is unable to manage it, fadnavis said.
he added, there are different modes of transportation now.
there are good and efficient buses which the nmc can take on lease and manage transportation.
i will conduct ameeting regarding this issue and will resolve the problem.
no city can be a good city without efficient transport system.
interestingly, the nmc has already engaged crisil to undertake an in-depth study whether it would be viable for the civic body to take up this responsibility.
according to the chief minister there will be a huge network of closed circuit television (cctv) cameras in the city as soon as possible.
he also added that the city will soon get wi-fi connectivity as well.
we want to give nashik a different status.
i have adopted the city and i want to make it really good.
all the proposals of this city will be considered in a positive manner, fadnavis said.
appreciating the property expo, fadnavis said, this exhibition is very well organised.
it should be organised every year and prepare nashik city as a brand.
the state government will give full-fledged support to it.
affordable homes will be given to the younger generation and everyone can have their dream homes.
raj bhavan sources said the swearing-in ceremony will held at 11am on sunday, a day before the monsoon session of the maharashtra legislature, the last before assembly polls later this year, begins.
i have had one meeting (on cabinet expansion) and the final meeting will be held tonight, the maharashta cm said.
in the last few days, both fadnavis and finance minister sudhir mungantiwar had given enough indications about a cabinet expansion.
earlier, friday night, fadnavis had met shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray and discussed about the ministers to be inducted in his cabinet.
i met shiv sena president uddhav thackeray at his residence matoshri and discussed in detail cabinet expansion, fadnavis had tweeted late friday night.
the republican party of india (athawale) saturday announced that its leader avinash mahatekar will be inducted into the fadnavis government in sunday's expansion.
currently, there are 37 ministers including the chief minister, and fadnavis can accommodate another five.
a vacancy was created in 2018 when bjp's pandurang fundkar died, the then agriculture minister.
the portfolio is now being handled by revenue minister chandrakant patil.
deepak sawant, then health minister, resigned earlier this year and the department is being looked after by eknath shinde , who is also the pwd minister.
parliamentary affairs and food and civil supplies minister girish bapat resigned after being elected to the lok sabha from pune.
his portfolios are being shared by education minister vinod tawde and tourism minister jaykumar rawal.
while the bjp has 16 cabinet ministers and seven ministers of state (mos), its main all shiv sena has five cabinet ministers and only one mos.
smaller allies have one cabinet and mos post each.
a file image shows a broken down bus on the busy karve roaddownload the times of india news app for latest cityempty pmpml buses parked by the road and marked by tree branches have unfortunately become a common sight for puneites.
a study by citizens group pmp pravasi manch has revealed that nearly one lakh people are immediately affected by bus breakdowns every day.
the research also said there are at least 100 bus breakdowns happening across the city, daily.
the breakdowns also impact those who are not on the buses.
many motorists toi spoke to said stationary pmpml buses are now a major traffic impediment.
the pmpml is only adding to the citys woes, said siddhant mapani, a working professional.
breakdowns outside of the bus rapid transit system routes add to traffic snarls.
and the rains only expose the level of vehicle maintenance.
many of these buses rattle loudly while operating on bad roads.
the vehicles brakes and gearboxes are simply not able to handle the citys stop-and-go traffic conditions.
so its no surprise that there are frequent breakdowns.
sometimes, there are hour-long traffic jams on many roads because of these stranded buses.
several motorists have now taken to social media to relay their complaints  all in the hopes of some response from the authorities.
many often end up tagging chief minister devendrafadnavis and even the prime ministers office.
according to deputy commissioner of police (traffic) pankaj deshmukh, breakdown of buses has been causing traffic jams across the city.
a broken down bus reduces the width of a carriageway.
the probem is more pronounced when it happens along the smart roads that have wider footpaths and already narrow carriageways.
for example, a few days ago, we had two bus breakdowns along fc road  one near the dnyaneshwar paduka chowk and another near the fergusson college main gate.
an entire lane of the two-lane road was occupied by these buses, deshmukh said.
jugal rathi, a member of the pmp pravasi manch, said: the inconvenience caused to motorists by these bus breakdowns is a smaller problem when compared to the impact they have on people who are reliant on a public transport system.
commuters in the city, desperate for good connectivity, are suffering.
this is happening as nobody is willing to take ownership of utility, operations or maintenance of the buses.
we are demanding efficient, reliable, safe and affordable commutes.
but punes commuters seem to be nowhere on the agenda.
we had enquired about pre-monsoon preparations, but there were no official responses.
director of pmpml, siddharth shirole, blamed the older buses in the fleet for the number of breakdowns.
also, a number of buses being run by a contractor have been experiencing more breakdowns than the number being operated by us.
the contractor has run into some financial trouble, which is leading to these breakdowns.
we are likely to get 165 new buses onto the citys roads within the next seven to 10 days.
we will also consider terminating the contract with the contractor and perhaps, sign a deal with a new operator.
it could add another 300 buses to the fleet.
we are likely to get nearly 990 new buses by december this year.
the breakdowns will reduce by january next year, shirole said.
citizens have now called for urgent measures to improve pmpmls health.
a working professional sandesh gandhi said: the pmpml needs to adapt to changing needs.
it has to update its time-tables and routes as per density of commuters.
in mumbai, despite the population density, the brihanmumbai electric supply & transport undertaking (best) continues to offer one of the most efficient public transport systems in the country.
perhaps, pmpml could seek some management advice from best.
rathi, however, expressed concern over the continued interest in fresh capital expenditure.
the pmp pravasi manch member said pmpml should instead spend money to keep up the maintenance of the existing fleet.
they wish to add both electric and regular fuel buses.
but there is no willingness to maintain the existing fleet.
the only solution to breakdowns is a zerotolerance policy towards subpar operations or maintenance, rathi said.
(with agency inputs)* thirty-five people died in rain-related incidents in maharashtra on tuesday as incessant rains paralysed normal life in mumbai and other parts of the state.
many parts of mumbai city and its suburbs, as well as towns in adjoining raigad, thane and palghar districts, turned into huge tracts of muddy water, witnessing people struggling to safety in waist-deep water.
small vehicles were submerged, and several tempos, trucks and heavy vehicles stranded on the roads adding to traffic snarls.
* mumbai reportedly received the highest rainfall in a decade on monday with 550 mm average rainfall of the entire month of june exceeding in the previous 48 hours.
* over 1,000 people were evacuated from kranti nagar, kurla , to prevent any untoward incidents due to an overflowing mithi river.
* as a precautionary measure, the state government declared a public holiday in the city and the city administration ordered all schools and colleges to be shut.
* flight services at the city airport were severely affected with airlines cancelling 203 serivces due to incessant rains and suspension of operations from the main runway due to the skidding of an aircraft on monday night, airport officials said.
besides, another 350-odd flights --both arriving and departing -- were delayed between 28-51 minutes (till 7 pm).
* almost like a monsoon miracle, one of the two lifelines of mumbai, the western railway (wr), managed to stay afloat and chug along despite the city notching over 1,000 mm rainfall in the past 72 hours, officials said.
the wr suburban and long-distance services were affected but they did not completely crash like its counterpart, central railway, which remained shut for nearly 15 hours on tuesday after mumbai recorded the heaviest 24-hour july rain in 45 years.
* thirteen long-distance trains on the mumbai-ahmedabad sector were cancelled, 12 were short-terminated or partially cancelled, five rescheduled, one diverted and one special service was operated between dadar and valsad to clear the stranded passengers, besides five special buses from surat.
* monsoon was active over the entire north konkan belt, including mumbai, with imd predicting heavy to very rainfall over most places and extremely heavy rain at a few places.
on the imd's forecast, officials said the intensity of the rainfall is likely to get intense during the next 24 hours in mumbai and suburbs.
* a cag report tabled in the legislative assembly has listed lack of adequate drain infrastructure and a delay in updating storm water disposal system as some deficiencies in the existing system for management of flood risk.
the comptroller and auditor general of india (cag) report on general and social sector has also observed that drains in mumbai are adequate only to handle 25 mm rainfall per hour and that there are numerous obstructions in the larger drains due to siphons and other utility services.
* maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis also urged people to stay indoors.
he took to his twitter and said: people are advised to stay indoors unless there is any emergency.
fadnavis along with union minister nitin gadkari inaugurated newly constructed administrative building of nmc satranjipura zone in east nagpur on sunday.
fadnavis said all ten zone offices of the nmc should implement zero pendency project for improvement in services.
files above rs1 crore are disposed off on the same day in mantralaya.
citizens will get much relief if files are disposed off on the same day, he said.
east nagpur mla krishna khopde has taken efforts for new administrative building of nmc satranjipura zone.
fadnavis and gadkari also dedicated newly constructed overhead drinking water tank at chandra nagar on sunday.
fadnavis said city would become best city by providing 24x7 water supply.
fadnavis and gadkari also presented possession of stalls constructed on model basis for cobblers worker at hill top, ram nagar.
nmc is constructing stalls for 15 such workers under sant ravidas ashray yojana.
guardian minister chandrashekar bawankule , legislators and other nmc office bearers and officials were present at the programmes.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday observed that maharashtra 's political head does not survive for a long period.
fadnavis made the unexpected statement at the inauguration of a super-speciality hospital in vikhroli.
it is a coincidence.
i laid the foundation stone for the hospital three years ago and i am inaugurating it.
it appears that either the hospital was constructed in a record time or i survived for a long period as chief minister.
in maharashtra, cms do not survive for long,'' fadnavis said.
the cm's observations assume significance in view of the ongoing political situation in maharashtra.
the shiv sena has successfully cornered the bjp in the crucial by-election for the palghar lok sabha constituency.
despite his best efforts, the shiv sena did not oblige fadnavis, hence there will be a straight contest between bjp nominee rajendra gavit and shiv sena candidate avinash wanga , who was expected to be bjp candidate.
in the recent past, the sena did not miss a single opportunity to embarrass fadnavis.
vasantrao naik was the maharashtra cm for a record 11 years.
sharad pawar had created a record, but it was surpassed by vilasrao deshmukh.
pawar had been the cm at different points in the 70s, 80s and 90s.
fadnavis took over the reins on october 31, 2014, and is all set to complete his five-year term.
he will complete four years in office on october 31, 2018.
nagpur: around 90  of the land required for the wardha-yavatmal-nanded broad gauge railway line has been acquired and now state government will request the railway ministry to start the tender process.
the progress of the land acquisition process was reviewed by chief minister devendrafadnavis in his war room on monday.
a source in chief ministers office (cmo) said that if railways shows promptness, work on the project could start in eight to nine months.
the length of the line is 284km and it needs 722 hectares of land.
it will pass through six tehsils and 90 villages in wardha, yavatmal, washim, hingoli and nanded districts.
it was granted a special project status in july 2016.
the main problem with the line so far was land acquisition.
when the line is commissioned it will provide direct connectivity between nagpur and marathwada.
today the train journey between nagpur and nanded takes over 12 hours and very few travel by train between the two cities.
the source further said that wadsa-gadchiroli railway line was also discussed in the meeting.
there are some issues related to land acquisition.
the cm issued necessary directives to gadchiroli district collector, he added.
according to the official the land acquisition for ahmednagar-beed-parli railway line was complete and construction could begin on it by the year end.
the ambitious nagpur-mumbai communication super-expressway, also known as samruddhi mahamarg, was discussed in the meeting.
district collectors told fadnavis that except for nashik and thane districts, land acquisition in other districts was over 90  complete.
the problem with the two districts is the high cost of land.
we faced some problems in negotiating with farmers but they have been sorted out, said the source.
commenting on financial closure, the official said that it was not a problem as land was being securitized for bank loans.
we expect financial closure to take place soon, he added.
nagpur and pune metro projects were also reviewed by the cm.
according to data submitted by the war room, nagpur metro work is 60  complete.
the deadline for completing it is december 2019.
about 15  work of pune metro is over.
its deadline is september 2021.
under the plan, schools will be equipped with modern technology to make teaching interactive.
speaking during mee mukhyamantri boltoy, he said the plan will ensure quality education.
so far, 44,000 schools have been digitized.
he made the announcement in murbad taluka of thane on monday during the inauguration of a police station and chhatrapati shivaji statue.
the compensation will be more than offered after the 26 july, 2005, deluge, he said.
though he reached murbad via badlapur, he did not visit the flood-affected area, upsetting locals and opposition leaders.
rajeshwari jadhav, a badlapur local, said, we heard that the cm will come and meet us but but he left without a visit.
ncp's badlapur city president kalidas deshmukh said, around 50,000 people have been affected.
it is the cm's responsibility to visit the area, especially when he is crossing badlapur.
this story is from december 25, 2018maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: with elections next year, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis announced on monday that a lottery for 8,000 houses for mill workers will be announced in the next 15 days.
fadnavis made the announcement after the mills workers union met him with their long-pending demand.
the 8,000 houses are located in navi mumbai near panvel.
the chief minister also said a plot has been identified in dombivli and will be handed over to the housing authority mhada for construction of homes for the families of mill workers.
we have seen the site and approved it.
the government will hand over the land to mhada for construction, said datta iswalkar, a mill workers rights activist.
the dombivli project can house another 33,000 families.
iswalkar said they led a protest to fadnaviss bungalow on december 19, when bjp leader amit shah was in mumbai.
giving mill workers their homes is not on the agenda of the bjp government at all.
we had to take out a morcha to wake them up.
i hope they keep their promises this time, said iswalkar, adding that 1.
75 lakh mill workers are yet to be allotted homes.
the prompt announcement after the protests ties in with other announcements  like the maratha quota and an attempt to start recruitment in government jobs under it  that political observers said were made with an eye on the coming elections fadnavis has also asked government agencies to explore whether some housing stock created under other schemes can be kept aside for mill workers.
mmrda, too, has been asked to divert houses in some of its projects in thane and nearby areas to mill workers.
nearly 12,000-15,000 workers have received houses since 2012.
of them, 8,900 have got houses on the spot where the mill existed after redevelopment, but the others have had to move further north.
iswalkar said the sites they were identifying were out of the city because there is no land available in mumbai and they have no option but to look out.
in 2012, the then government had decided to give homes to relatives of all the mills workers who had died during the samyukta maharashtra movement.
only 10 families have received homes under the scheme so far.
former cm vilasrao deshmukh in 2006 brought an amendment in the development control regulation (dcr) rule allowing onethird of land reservation for mill workers houses on open mill land area.
only a small number of families has been rehabilitated on the site, said iswalkar, hinting that developers took advantage of the dcr clause by not demolishing the old mill structures, as there is a provision that if no new construction is done, land does not need to be kept for aside.
officials said during the tenure of earlier cm prithviraj chavan, the first lottery for allotment of tenements gave away over 6,000 homes.
nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday claimed that samadhan shibirs have benefited crores of people in the state.
the shibirs are held every year in all assembly constituencies of the state.
fadnavis stated this while addressing the inauguration of second samadhan shibir for nagpur south-west assembly constituency, which he represents.
a large number of citizens were provided documents at the camp.
battery operated tricycles were distributed to handicapped persons.
many other complaints of residents from the constituency were resolved.
people can lodge their complaints on sunday too.
the venue is hyderabad house in civil lines.
fadnavis asked guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule to organize a mega camp for distribution of ownership documents to slum dwellers.
we have been holding small camps so far.
i want a bigger one in which pattas are issued in bulk, he said.
the cm further said that his government had started registering construction workers and would provide all types of benefits to them and their children.
any government is doing this for the first time, he added.
earlier, bawankule informed the gathering about the various works done by the state government.
he appealed fadnavis to sanction rs125 crore for completing various works of nagpur south-west constituency.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis saturday said post redevelopment, dharavi , one of the metropolis' biggest slum clusters , will be its new bkc.
bandra-kurla complex, a business district set up on 370 hectares of low-lying land on either side of the mithi river vakola nalla and mahim creek , is now among the country's biggest finance and commercial hubs.
fadnavis said his government had launched several mega infrastructure projects in and around mumbai metropolitan region (mmr), adding that the state, in the next five years, would contribute over 20 per cent in the overall economy of the country in the next, which itself aims to be a usd 5 trillion economy by then.
after getting stuck for several years, the dharavi makeover project has got momentum as we worked seriously to remove all hindrances.
the railways has given 45 acres of land.
dharavi is going to be new bkc of mumbai, he claimed.
he said several metro rail networks were under construction at a collective cost of over rs 1.
10 lakh crore.
in addition to this, the railways is carrying out several mega projects of rs 54,000 crore.
over 10 lakh affordable homes are to be built in mmr, fadnavis added.
he was speaking after launching the bjp's membership drive in the metropolis.
speaking on the occasion, the cm asked bjp workers and leaders to pursue a target of getting 50 per cent of votes, and expressed hope that the bjp-shiv sena alliance would win the forthcoming assembly polls handsomely.
union minister of minority affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi and former union minister suresh prabhu also attended the event.
as part of the drive, the bjp wants to add at least 50 members to each of its 95,472 booths in maharashtra.
talking about the works of bharatiya jan sangh founder dr syama prasad mookerjee, naqvi said the bjp had demolished deceit of appeasement politics through commitment to inclusive growth with trust.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday appointed sampada mehta, an ias officer of the 2008 batch, as mumbai city collector in place of ashwini joshi, who took over as the excise commissioner.
the state government also appointed retired bureaucrat gautam chaterjee as the first chairman of the maharashtra real estate regulatory authority.
another bureaucrat, vijay satbir singh, and district judge b d kapadnis will be the members of the authority.
an ias officer of 1982 batch, chaterjee retired as additional chief secretary (transport), while singh, ias officer of 1984 batch, is serving as additional chief secretary (public health).
singh is due to retire on june 30.
former indian cricketer wasim jaffera screenshot of jaffer's tweetmumbai: former india opener wasim jaffer has expressed his displeasure over the city civic body's nod to cut over 2,700 trees for a metro car shed in the leafy aarey colony area here.
the tree authority of the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) last week cleared the proposal to cut trees for the metro car shed in the aarey colony in suburban goregaon, which is known as a major green lung of the metropolis.
jaffer, who played 31 tests and 2 odis, expressed his unhappiness through his twitter handle.
when something goes wrong, mumbaikars say arey yaar.
its time to say aarey yaar about aarey forest.
#aareyforest #saveaareyforest #saveaareysavemumbai @mybmc, jaffer said and also posted a picture with a line 'is aaray not a forest'.
on sunday, bollywood actor shraddha also joined the protest, terming the decision of the civic body's tree authority as ridiculous.
former union environment minister and senior congress leader jairam ramesh on monday extended his support to citizens opposing the axing of a large number of trees in the sprawling green belt here.
the rajya sabha member urged maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , mumbai metro and civic authorities to find alternate solutions for the metro car shed and preserve the aarey colony.
mumbai: women members of the nationalist congress party on sunday shouted slogans against amruta fadnavis , chief minister devendrafadnavis ' wife, during a programme in solapur.
the programme was organised to promote products manufactured by baba ramdev's patanjali ayurved.
the women, during their protest outside the venue, demanded to know why a market was being made available for patanjali products when the same was not being done for items made by women's self-help groups (shgs).
police said that the women protesters were detained for a brief while and then released.
no case was taken against any of them, an official said.
earlier fadnavis, during her speech at the function, claimed that people had blind faith on patanjali products and the revenue generated from them was helping the nation.
actor-turned-politician and lok sabha mp hema malini was also present at the function.
sharad pawarpune: nationalist congress party chief sharad pawar on sunday accused maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and other bjp ministers of committing themselves to poaching leaders from other parties before the assembly election.
pawar also accused the ruling bharatiya janata party of misusing probe agencies and state-run financial bodies to compel leaders to join their fold.
the chief minister and other ministers in the state government have literally committed themselves to this work (luring leaders of other parties).
they are making phone calls to leaders of other parties and asking them to join, the ncp president said.
citing an example of the alleged misuse of financial bodies, he said: the sugar mill of (former mla) kalyan kale in pandharpur was in a difficult situation.
the state government, by flouting norms, gave rs 30-35 crore to it and asked him to join the bjp.
since he wanted to save his factory , he switched over.
pawar claimed that ncp state women's president chitra wagh, who had announced last friday that she was quitting the party, was also forced to join the bjp by way of threats.
wagh met me.
she looked worried, pawar said.
she told me that there are some criminal cases against her husband.
in addition to that, an acb (anti corruption bureau) inquiry has been initiated against their cooperative institution.
that is why she asked me to give her permission to join the bjp, he said.
pawar alleged that kagal ncp mla hasan mushrif was also made an offer by the bjp, but when he refused, the income tax department carried out raids at his premises in kolhapur pawar added that satara mla shivendraraje bhosle and ahmednagar mla sangram jagtap are with the ncp.
nagpur: the maharashtra government, on friday, submitted the special investigation teams (sit) report probing the 44 farmer deaths due to pesticide inhalation.
it was forced to do so after being rapped on the knuckles by the nagpur bench of bombay high court on thursday.
however, the report was submitted in a sealed envelope by the additional government pleader anand fulzele who stated that it was yet to be tabled before the state cabinet.
a division bench comprising justices bhushan dharmadhikari and swapna joshi then tersely directed the government to complete all the formalities within a week.
the demand for constituting a sit was made in pil by social worker jammu anand, through counsel arvind waghmare, citing several media reports, including that of toi.
he contended that over 700 other farmers were admitted in hospitals across vidarbha with respiratory problems and about 25-30 lost their eyesight, due to failure in implementing insecticides act, 1968.
fulzele informed that the report was not fully complete as the home department headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis was yet to give its opinion.
the government has already taken opinions from all its departments on the sit findings.
waghmare accused the government of deliberately delaying the report despite saying that it would be completed within three weeks of its formation on october 13.
he also asked why the government was not making it public and added that it was not trying to protect farmers interests.
earlier, the chief secretary and agriculture department secretary filed a common affidavit through pune-based agriculture commissioner sachindra singh listing out measures taken to prevent further deaths due to pesticides.
singh, along with the yavatmal collector, also filed their separate affidavits in this regard, as per the courts directives.
terming deaths as menace, both secretaries blamed the local authorities for lack of coordination at the initial stage which led to deaths and injuries, and stated that it was a point for concern.
ruling out any ignorance on implementation of insecticides act and insecticides rules, 1971, they stated that prolonged exposure to pesticides and failure to take proper protective measures are apparent major reasons for toxicity to operator.
denying inaction from the government, the duo informed that procedure for lodging police complaints was already initiated and about nine firs were registered against the dealers in yavatmal, which was most affected.
moreover, stocks of six companies and five dealers were seized and legal actions were initiated against the errant manufacturers and dealers across the state.
necessary directives were given to the commissioner to instruct manufacturing companies to provide safety kits from their corporate fund while selling products.
even a draft notification was submitted to the central insecticides board and union ministry for agriculture and farmers welfare to notify extremely, highly and moderately toxic insecticides.
the entire issue needs in-depth studies to work out strategies to avoid recurrence of deaths due to pesticides use, they said.
with a view to properly identify the pest and promote right use of pesticides molecules, the government is implementing crop surveillance and advisory project (cropsap).
additionally, over 46.
84 lakh farmers had registered for the sms service in state of which 1.
60 are from yavatmal.
last year, about 307.
82 lakh plant protection advisory messages were sent in the suicide-prone district.
the secretaries informed that during kharif season, cotton was sowed on 4,70,315 hectares in yavatmal.
on most of the area bt boll guard was used, but it was found to be susceptible to pink boll worm.
in 2016-17, rch-659 bg-ii variety was banned and compensation of rs 36.
83 lakh was ordered.
as bt bollgard has miserably failed to protect cotton from worms, the principal secretary recommended genetic engineering committee (geac), icar, cicr, department of agriculture and farmers welfare to cancel permission for bt technology, they said.
the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda), which awarded the contract to run the mumbai monorail to il&fs, may scrap the tender as it now feels the amount quoted by the lowest bidder is twice the estimated cost.
while mmrda had estimated the cost to run monorail operations for 10 years not go above rs 1,000 crore, il&fs, which was lowest bidder, had quoted rs 2,000 crore.
reliance infrastructure, which runs the mumbai metro one, had quoted rs 6,408 crore.
the cost is higher than we expected.
mmrda now plans to renegotiate with il&fs.
if they dont comply, we will call delhi metro rail corporation or mumbai rail vikas corporation to run the operations and do a retender, said satish khandare, additional commissioner, mmrda.
officials will also consult chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is the chairperson of mmrda, regarding the issue.
mmrda had got a clearance from the commissioner of railway safety last month and the services, which were stopped after two coaches were gutted in a fire in november 2017 near mysore colony, were expected to start in june.
but khandare has now said that the unviable cost will delay resumption of monorail services.
mumbai: flush with victory in karnataka, the bjp may be all set to cut the shiv sena to size ahead of the general elections, according to a senior functionary of the maharashtra bjp on thursday.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has been trying to mollify the sena since the two parties sealed a partnership in the state in 2014.
however, now that we have won the karnataka polls our central leadership may ask devendraji to tighten the screws on the sena, said the functionary.
the karnataka victory is proof, if sena insists on one, that the bjp has struck roots deep across india, he said.
stating that the sena's decision to contest the lok sabha by-election in palghar, a bjp citadel for over two decades, has angered the chief minister, the bjp functionary said, the chief minister too is disgusted with the sena's now-on, now-off style of functioning.
uddhav thackeray doesn't realise that barring fadnavis, he has not a single well-wisher in the state bjp.
the sena is shooting itself in the foot by antagonising the chief minister.
the palghar lok sabha seat was held by bjp veteran chintamani wanga.
his death early this year has caused a by-election in the adivasi-dominated constituency.
the sena offered nomination to shriniwas wanga, the late mp's son, after the wanga family met thackeray at his bandra residence and formally joined the party.
after talks with thackeray, the wangas accused bjp of showing no empathy for the family.
a livid fadnavis spoke informally to a senior sena minister recently and told him in no uncertain terms that thackeray has violated the alliance 'dharma' by poaching on the wanga family and by fielding a sena nominee in a bjp constituency.
he asked the sena minister to convey his displeasure to thackeray, it is learnt.
nevertheless, thackeray seems unrepentant.
while commenting on the karnataka poll results, thackeray remarked caustically that the bjp may be on a winning spree, but the party suffers from bad luck when it comes to annexing a bypoll, the reference, obviously, being to the palghar ls by-election.
moreover, the sena has made matters difficult for the fadnavis regime by opposing the refinery project in nanar.
uddhav toured nanar last month and announced at a public meeting there that the project stood cancelled.
the shiv sena has also opposed the fadnavis government's latest decision to open up mumbai's salt pan land for affordable housing.
buoyed by the karnataka victory, the bjp may come down heavily on the shiv sena.
we have won 104 seats in karnataka on our own strength, said a bjp mp.
this story is from january 17, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis has accepted the report on development of vidarbha and marathwada regions prepared under the chairmanship of former divisional commissioner anoop kumar in coordination with vidarbha industries association (via).
fadnavis, who accepted the report during inauguration of an exhibition on food processing industry by via, said the document will be referred to a cabinet sub-committee for further action.
the report dwells on scope of industrial development in nagpur, amravati and aurangabad revenue divisions.
work on the report had begun over two years ago.
it was decided to take inputs directly from stakeholders like via and other industries associations.
atul pandey, president of via, said extensive inputs were taken from local industries.
the report identifies 16 different sectors where the regions have potential for industrial development.
there were other suggestions for supporting industrial growth of the region through developing ecosystems too.
as the chief minister has announced to refer the report to a cabinet sub-committee, via will be constantly following up with him.
earlier at the function, fadnavis also announced that concessional power tariff charged from industries in vidarbha and marathwada will be extended for another five years.
funds for three years, which is the original tenure, have already been sanctioned under the vidarbha development package announced during the monsoon session of state legislature.
however, it is been learnt that the government also wants to know how much has the tariff concession translated into actual industrial development.
the regions industrial units are expected to give a feedback soon.
with food processing one of the areas identified in the report, via has begun an initiative with the exhibition which is being held in the mihan sez.
this story is from october 21, 2018file photo of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday ruled out simultaneous assembly and parliamentary elections in the state in 2019 while extending support to the 'one nation, one election' concept.
in a reply to a text message, fadnavis said there was no such proposal so far as maharashtra is concerned.
the lok sabha polls are expected to be held in the first half of the next year while the assembly polls are scheduled towards october, as per state election officials.
while there have been discussions about simultaneous polls, fadnavis's statement rules it out for the upcoming polls.
fadnavis was, however, quick to add that the state government supported the 'one nation, one election' theory, propagated by prime minister narendra modi .
the concept envisages simultaneous elections that would save money and time, but at present requires legal clearance.
we support one nation, one election, fadnavis stated in his reply to the text message.
while several senior bjp members had expressed apprehension over simultaneous elections, state finance minister sudhir mungantiwar on friday told toi that if the centre announced simultaneous elections, the state was ready with manpower, machinery and money.
mungantiwar is the chairman of a panel that will submit recommendations for simultaneous elections in 2024.
senior state polling officials said they have no intimation from the election commission.
at present, we are working for separate polls.
.
.
had there been a change, we would have been intimated as preparations have to be made, said an official.
this story is from january 16, 2019devendra fadnavis (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday set up a committee comprising senior bureaucrats to negotiate the purchase of the iconic air india building on marine drive in south mumbai with the ministry of civil aviation.
the panel comprises chief secretary dinesh kumar jain, finance secretary u p s madan, industries secretary satish gavai and the cms principal secretary bhushan gagrani.
though the building comes with a huge price tag, it is expected to ease administration as well as cut down on the states rental costs.
the state government is banking on cash-rich state-run corporations such as cidco, midc, slum rehabilitation authority and mhada to raise funds for acquisition.
debt-ridden national carrier air india had floated tenders on december 7 for sale of the 23-storey building.
while the last date for submitting bids was december 31, air india received only two bids __ one from the state government and the other from lic.
the airline has already shifted its corporate headquarters from here to delhi.
speaking to toi, a senior state bureaucrat said, we had submitted a bid document.
however, it has now been proposed that it should be a government-to-government transfer, from the ministry of civil aviation to the state government at a mutually decided price.
he said the cm was keen on buying the building in view of its strategic location, with both the state secretariat and the legislative assembly in the vicinity.
while the negotiating team will discuss the proposal with senior bureaucrats in the ministry, fadnavis himself will take it up with civil aviation minister suresh prabhu if prabhu agrees, government-to-government transfer of the property should not be difficult.
in fact, we are sure prabhu will step in and ensure the building is transferred in the name of the state government as early as possible, he added.
designed by the new york-based firm of johnson/burgee, the air india building was completed in 1974.
the bureaucrat said air india is expecting a price of rs 1,500-rs 2,000 crore for it.
it wont be easy though for maharashtra government to raise funds in view of the cms commitments to populist schemes.
the states debt burden has crossed the rs 4.
53-lakh crore mark and it needs another rs 75,000 crore to implement schemes, including the seventh pay commission, loan waiver as well as projects for dr ambedkar and shivaji maharaj memorials.
we can request state-run corporations such as slum rehabilitation authority, midc, mhada and cidco to join hands for raising funds, he said.
these corporations had recently paid nearly rs 5,000 crore for the nagpur-mumbai expressway.
he said if the government succeeds in buying the air india building, it can shift many offices functioning out of rented premises.
several state-run offices operate out of rental buildings.
if these offices are shifted to the building, it will result in savings.
nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday claimed that the loans waived by congress governments at the centre and state in 2008 benefited banks and credit societies, but few farmers.
he declared that the bjp-sena government in the state had so far credited rs 20,734 crore in 43 lakh bank accounts.
fadnavis charged that a bank had allegedly siphoned off money received under the congress governments loan waiver scheme through five lakh fake accounts.
he named kolhapur dcc bank for disbursing rs37 lakh in an account of one indrajit towards loan waiver, despite the fact the he was from a rich family.
so far we have disbursed rs5,754 crore in vidarbha and rs6,000 crore in marathwada in over 22 lakh accounts of farmers and rs3,704 crore in over seven lakh accounts in north maharashtra .
the online system adopted is completely transparent and ensures benefits reach the right farmer, he said.
citing strictures passed by the cag in its report on df governments loan waiver, he said they distributed rs 287 crore to 1.
43 lakh farmers in mumbai while only 285 crore were granted to six-suicide prone districts in vidarbha.
in our package, most districts in the backward region, would get over rs1,000 crore each.
our package would continue until the last-affected farmer gets the benefit, he said.
the congress-ncp combine also held big morchas on tuesday seeking complete waiver for farmers.
after fadnaviss speech, the opposition benches led by leader radhakrishna vikhe-patil, former chief minister prithviraj chavan and senior ncp leader ajit pawar staged a walkout.
agriculture minister pandurang phundkar assured to provide help to cotton-growers whose crop was damaged due to attack by pink bollworms.
devendra fadnavisdownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: auto-rickshaw unions called off their indefinite strike at the eleventh hour on monday night after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis intervened.
more than 20 lakh drivers across the state had decided to go off roads indefinitely from tuesday morning.
we were not heard properly by the transport department in the afternoon, which is why we decided to go ahead with the strike.
but at night, we got an assurance from the cm that he will discuss and resolve all pending issues of autorickshaw men in maharashtra, said union leader shashank rao.
the cm called the union for a meeting at 3pm on tuesday, which transport minister diwakar raote will attend.
unions are primarily demanding shutdown of ola/uber services and a fare hike.
union leaders had met transport secretary ashish singh on monday afternoon, but the meeting was inconclusive.
rao said they presented their demands to the department but there was no response.
we gave our letter to the department a month back, and even at monday's meeting there was no solution.
but we are happy with the cm's response, said rao.
sources said there were plans of the union meeting raote in the evening, but he was to return by monday night.
navi mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis has, on tuesday, agreed to approve cidcos comprehensive proposal to waive off all charges like transfer, mortgage, change of use, besides noc.
he has also given a green signal to extend the lease term of property to 99 years as against the existing 60 years leasehold for the land in nmmc area after payment of one time premium to cidco during the renewal stage.
the cm has consented to reduce the premium amount mentioned in cidcos proposal, which was said to be an exorbitant amount by residents and has asked the principal secretary of the urban development department (udd) to fast track the process which will allow leaseholders to carry out redevelopment and renovation sans hassles.
the cidco board has proposed a perpetual lease for all properties in the satellite city, in lieu of a freehold as demanded by residents for years, while giving more autonomy to buyers as consolation unlike previously.
while turning down the demand for freehold of land, cidco has allowed more autonomy to the residents.
in a meeting convened by the cm at mantralaya on tuesday, it was decided that cidco will only collect renewal premium and waive off all other charges for which the residents have to run from one department to other for obtaining various documents during transfer, change of land use, mortgage and more.
ramaswami n, one of the members of the cidco board, said, the cm has in principle approved the proposal.
cidco will only collect the renewal fee and incur losses of transfer and other charges which amount to rs 70-80 crore annum.
now buyers will have the right to sell, mortgage and redevelop the property without seeking noc from cidco as has been the case till now.
nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said statistics is merely a perception while better crime management can be accomplished through proper strategy and planning.
the cm shared his perspective of crime and statistics while inaugurating the maharashtra police citizen portal app, and releasing the 19th edition of the statistics released by state crime investigation department (cid), at chitnavis centre.
fadnavis, lauding police efforts to launch pro-citizen app, advised them not to remain restricted in the realm of statistics but to use the data to analyse crime and devise methods to prevent them.
maharashtra was the first state to implement crime and criminal tracking network and system (cctns).
it offers vast data mining opportunity, throwing up technical intelligence.
we can analyse crime pattern, trends, find out strata of society affected or participating, and help reduce crime, he said.
fadnavis also said in the last three-and-a-half-years, the rate of convictions has increased, which will instill fear of law in offenders.
the rise convictions is due to stress on technical evidence, which is irrefutable, and use of different technologies, said the cm.
he also urged state cid officers, including addl dgs sanjay kumar and sanjeev singhal, who prepare the state crime data records, to incorporate policing reforms, which also help reduce crimes.
lauding the e-complaint system offered by the new app, fadnavis said the facility would not only empower citizens but increase accountability.
once digital signatures become an ubiquitous feature with the masses, going to the police station for fir may become a thing of the past, he said.
the app will create an electronic footprint via email or sms when a complaint is filed.
there is no room for either citizens or police to alter the truth, said the cm.
addl dg, state cid, kumar said the 2016 statistics show a remarkable down slide in serious crimes since 2014.
he also presented analysis of the statistics, comparing maharashtra and other states.
addl dg, state cid, singhal highlighted the benefits of the app.
10 app benefits1.
e-complaint2.
knowing complaint status3.
citizens can tip off cops4.
information on missing persons5.
lost mobile intimation6.
unidentified dead bodies7.
arrest of persons8.
publishing fir9.
vehicle tracking10.
citizens feedbackthree major services1.
information on arrested persons2.
filing of complaints3.
nagpur: the central water commission (cwc) has constituted a five-member committee to revise the quota of raw water to the maharashtra and madhya pradesh (mp) from totladoh (pench) irrigation reservoir.
in case of any revision, the city along with irrigation will get more raw water from the dam.
the cwc has sent a letter to the vidarbha irrigation development corporation (vidc) on friday informing the latter about the committee.
chief engineer (hso) of cwc, new delhi, will be chairman of the committee while representative of water resources departments (wrd) of maharashtra, mp, director (hydrology) and director (m&a) of cwc will be the members.
the committee has been directed to study and submit report within three months.
the committee has been asked to study exact storage capacity of the dam, actual storage in the past few years, hydraulogical data etc of the dam.
it will also recommend water allocation from the dam to maharashtra and mp.
the cwcs move is seen as a big achievement of vidcs efforts.
vidc had told chief minister devendrafadnavis and guardian minister chandrashekar bawankule about the need to revise the 1964 quota allotted to the state and mp.
the two also got union minister for water resources nitin gadkari into the picture.
the dams storage capacity is 1,964 million meter cube (mmc)  60 thousand million cubic feet (tmc).
mps quota is 991.
09 mmc (35 tmc) and states 707.
92 mmc (25 tmc).
due to climatic conditions, the average actual storage (yield) was 1,197.
80 mmc (42.
30 tmc) of which 698.
58 mmc (24.
67 tmc) was mps share and 498.
94 mmc (17.
62 tmc) of the state which was utilizing the entire water available in the dam up to last year.
the mp government had constructed chaurai dam on pench river last year.
since then, the utilization of water from the dam is being done as per quota decided in 1964.
it came as a big setback for the district as allocation to the nmc, thermal power stations of mahagenco at koradi and khaparkheda and irrigation reduced to a great extent.
as against the nagpur municipal corporations (nmc) demand of 197.
90 mmc, the allotted quantum was 139.
03 mmc.
any increase in quota will mean rise in allocation to the city as well as others who are drawing water from the dam.
surprisingly, a majority of catchment area of the dam is in the state but a higher quota was allotted to mp 54 years ago.
this is seen one of the major reasons behind chances of rise in the states quota.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
chandrapur: chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday announced construction of 100 bailey bridges at 82 villages facing frequent communication breakdown with district headquarters during rainy season in gadchiroli.
fadnavis and union transport minister nitin gadkari were in gadchiroli for the inauguration of new building of agriculture college, public dedication of newly built bridge on kathani river and sub-divisional transport office in gadchiroli.
fadnavis said the construction work of bridges on godavari as well as pranhita and indravati rivers will be completed soon.
gadkari said gadchiroli has vast mineral, water and forest resources, but it remained aloof from development.
they were accompanied by guardian minister ambrish atram, peoples representatives, administrative officers and party leaders.
chief minister devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
the state has already announced rs 50 lakh each for the families of the jawans, nitin rathod of lonar taluka and sanjay rajput of malkapur taluka.
meanwhile, the cm slammed the opposition for alleging that the shiv sena has formed an alliance after the bjp threatened to send the enforcement directorate (ed) after its leaders.
fadnavis said that for both the sena and bjp, ed stands for efficient development and that opposition leaders should be worried about ed coming after them for the kind of work they did.
neither sena nor bjp has anything to hide, so we are not scared of ed.
the opposition should be worried because of what they did while in government, he said while addressing the press after the customary tea party on the eve of the budget session.
fadnavis, however, remained non-committal on the only sticky point of their alliancethe sharing of chief ministers post for 2.
5 years each.
when asked about the issue, fadnavis said that whatever he and uddhav thackeray had said while announcing their alliance is final.
fadnavis and thackeray had said that power sharing will be equal, but whether the cms post is included is not clear.
fadnavis also said that smaller allies will be consulted before seats are shared between bjp and sena.
i have spoken to our smaller allies and none of them has said anything about the alliance.
we will definitely consult them on the seat sharing and leave adequate seats for them in the lok sabha polls, the cm said.
aurangabad: omprakash varma, an expert member of transportation sector sub-committee of marathwada development board , who had stepped down recently from his post to protest alleged official apathy towards the statutory body, has been asked to reconsider his decision.
aurangabad district collector naval kishor ram , in a letter addressed to varma has also informed that his resignation has been rejected by the board.
your resignation was discussed during a meeting of the board.
we arrived at a decision that your services are valuable considering your experience and role in pursuing railway related issues, ram stated in the letter.
in the resignation letter submitted in january, varma had expressed strong displeasure over non appointment of full-time head for marathwada development board for considerable time, among other issues.
stating that it was irony that state government could not find any competent individual across eight districts of the region to head the responsibility of marathwada development board, varma in his resignation had also criticised chief minister devendrafadnavis for allegedly not giving time to meet to discuss issues related to the board since past two years.
when contacted, varma said that he has decided to hold the post concerned for now in the wake of request made by authorities.
the board was formed to help marathwada in overcoming developmental and other backlogs.
it is unfortunate that the statutory body has almost become nobody's child in recent past.
however, we still have hopes from the government and seek its help in making the board a powerful means to alter the face of marathwada, he said.
established along with two other development boards (vidarbha and rest of maharashtra) on may 1,1994, marathwada development board has been functioning without a full-time president for almost seven years now, including last three year rule of bjp .
the term of all these boards has been extended up to april 30,2020 by a presidential order.
devendra fadnavisdownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: with an eye on the upcoming state election, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis inaugurated a digital dashboard which allows him and the public to review projects and government schemes.
this dashboard https://cmdashboard.
maharashtra.gov.
in/ allows the public to get department-wise information on the projects that the government has undertaken and also its completion.
officials said that there are many features that are available to fadnavis and not to the public.
the idea of the dashboard was to give a real time updates on the projects.
however, on monday some of the departments had data from only up to 2018 uploaded on the dashboard.
so far there are details of 20 departments and nearly 37 schemes under those departments; more are in the process of being added, said officials.
similar dashboards have been developed and implemented by several states like madhya pradesh, karnataka and uttarakand, said officials.
the dashboard also is linked with the governments and cm's all the other social media platforms.
this story is from december 14, 2018file photo of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis is confident that the shiv sena will ally with the bjp in the upcoming lok sabha polls.
he said that both the parties will sit and discuss the seat-sharing issue based on the historical formula.
fadnavis spoke on the seat-sharing issue in an interview to a media house organised in delhi on thursday.
alliance strategy will not be discussed in public, he said.
we will sit together and finalise the seat-sharing issue on the basis of the historical formula.
asked whether the nda partner shiv sena would stay with the bjp in the upcoming lok sabha election, he said: why not?
shiv sena will be with us.
you see a different attitude, we know the difference.
replying to criticism of the bjp in shiv sena mouthpiece saamna, he said: i do not read saamana.
refering to shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray's recent remark that only two people, amit shah and narendra modi, ran the bjp, fadnavis clarified that the bjp always functioned without any ego and was run by party workers, not by any family.
jalna: bjp working president j p nadda on wednesday alleged that congress leader rahul gandhi was speaking  pakistan 's language on kashmir.
nadda was addressing the party's `maha janadesh yatra', a pre-poll outreach campaign,here.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis was also present.
targeting rahul gandhi, nadda said his statement on kashmir was used by pakistan in thethe united nations gandhi was speaking pakistan's language, he alleged.
now he has backtracked and is saying that jammu and kashmir is india's internal matter and there is no scope of any foreign country to interfere in it.
why was he silent for so long?
nadda asked.
he alleged that the congress was pursuing policy of appeasement on the kashmir issue as well as the triple talaq.
as reports of pakistan using rahul gandhi's august 10 comments that there are reports of violence, there are reports of people dying in jammu and kashmir became public, the bjp tore into him on wednesday, saying he provided a handle to the neighbouring country.
gandhi, however, said that he disagreed with the bjp- led government on many issues but is clear that kashmir is india's internal issue, and violence there was instigated and supported by pakistan.
congress chief spokesperson randeep surjewala slammed pakistan for mischievously dragging gandhi's name in its petition in the un to justify its lies and misinformation on jammu and kashmir.
this story is from november 17, 2018the cm said the draft development plan of pmr would be ready by march 2019 and cleared by september next yeardownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
pune: chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said the mhalunge maan hi-tech city would be a farmer inclusive model that would pave the way for all town planning schemes along the proposed ring road here.
he said this after inaugurating the model town planning scheme spread over 250 hectares and developed by the pune metropolitan region development authority (pmrda).
the chief minister said the model would enable the land owners to get back 50  of the developed plots and would not render any farmer landless.
this will be all-inclusive development and generate employment.
the state government will invest nearly rs620 crore for infrastructure and civic amenities, fadnavis said.
while hinjewadi was the growth engine for pune city, the cm said the hi-tech city was planned by involving the sarpanch and villagers and was an ideal model of development.
the development of the pune metropolitan region (pmr) is the future for the development of areas surrounding pune city.
this was the case in the mumbai metropolitan region development authority areas, fadnavis said.
the cm said the draft development plan of pmr would be ready by march 2019 and cleared by september next year.
he added that issues such as water, garbage, sustainable (planned) development and mobility were discussed while preparing the detailed project report.
fadnavis said work on the hinjewadi-shivajinagar metro would start in january.
the work has been handed over to tata-siemens and a study is also on to extend it to hadapsar, he said.
the cm said pmrda has been instrumental in dealing with several issues related to the wagholi gram panchayat, shikrapur bypass as well as going in for affordable housing.
with easy environmental clearances as announced by the centre, he said, pmrda was striving to have a single window system to clear all kinds of permission.
fadnavis said, the centre has delegated powers to local bodies to ensure compliance of environmental conditions for buildings, construction and area development projects measuring between 20,000sqm and 50,000sqm.
the programme was attended by, among others, pune guardian minister girish bapat , minister of state for water resources vijay shivtare , mp anil shirole and the mlas.
bapat said efforts would be made to make the region self-sufficient in terms of water supply.
pmrda commissioner kiran gitte said metro and the hyperloop are the other projects that would gain momentum in the coming months.
nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis formally inaugurated mahapariksha web portal on thursday.
the website , which started functioning from october 1, will facilitate job aspirants aiming for examinations including maharashtra public service commission, maharashtra engineering services, various departmental exams etc as well as academic examinations conducted by public universities, common entrance tests for professional courses (engineering, medicine, mba, architecture, pharmacy etc.
)aspirants need to register themselves on the portal, which will also display results.
tnnfor the convenience of the aspirants, test papers and other material has also been made available on the website.
over 1.
97 lakh candidates have applied for the first online exam  teacher aptitude and intelligence test  of which over 1.
55 lakh have already appeared for the exam till wednesday.
nashik: a helicopter ferrying maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to aurangabad landed soon after take off from nashik as it couldn't stabilise due to overloading on saturday morning.
officials said that the helicopter was overloaded and had to land back due to trouble in flying.
eyewitnesses said that it was a five-seater private helicopter and there were only four passengers on board at the time of the incident.
however, there was quite a lot of baggage.
among the passengers were fadnavis, medical education and irrigation minister girish mahajan , abhimanyu pawar, cm's personal assistant and satish, cm's cook.
after the helicopter took off, we were about to leave the helipad, that is when we saw the the helicopter coming back to the ground and landing, said an official.
the weight of the copter had to be reduced by off loading the cook and some luggage.
fadnavis was in nashik since friday night and was heading to an event in aurangabad.
after aurangabad they were scheduled to fly to nagpur for the winter session which starts from monday.
officials in the state civil aviation department said that the state has two helicopters and both of them could not be operated.
sikorsky, which was purchased in 2011, has been rendered unusable after it crashed in latur while ferrying chief minister devendrafadnavis and his officials in march this year.
meanwhile, dauphin hasnt been used in the last 5 years.
even previously fadnavis had a few close encounters related to his helicopter.
in march this year, a helicopter ferrying him crash landed in latur.
fadnavis and the other three passengers escaped unhurt in the incident.
this story is from january 2, 2019cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: cm devendrafadnavis served a legal notice on leader of opposition radhakrishna vikhe patil on monday saying he had made false and baseless allegations against him over the development plan for the city.
a high-ranking bureaucrat confirmed that a legal notice had been served on vikhe patil.
the cm has asked vikhe patil to tender an unconditional apology and withdraw all allegations.
if vikhe patil fails to respond in a reasonable time, the cm has instructed his lawyer to initiate civil and criminal defamation proceedings, he said.
in a media interaction a week ago, vikhe patil had alleged that fadnavis had struck a rs 10,000 crore deal with developers and builders and even received the first instalment of rs 5,000 crore.
its a rs 1 lakh crore scam.
cm, in collaboration with the bureaucrats in the urban development department and bmc, had taken up the cause of developers and builders.
changes were made in the development for the benefit of the builders and developers, vikhe patil had said.
on tuesday, vikhe patil said he was yet to receive the notice.
in the days to come, i will disclose specific details of the beneficiary developers and builders.
urban development and bmc officials and builders are hand-in-glove, vikhe patil said.
this story is from november 4, 2018fadnavis addressing the atal sankalpa mahasammelan on saturdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citypune: chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday set forth a warning to shiv sena, which is planning to contest the 2019 lok sabha polls on its own.
fadnavis said, there was a modi wave during the 2014 lok sabha elections.
now, there will be a tsunami to make modi the prime minister in the 2019 elections.
candidates, who express support for modi, will get elected.
the chief minister was addressing the first atal sankalpa mahasammelan meeting in the state at nigdi near pune.
the meetings are being held as part of the build-up to the 2019 lok sabha elections.
the nigdi meeting assumed further significance as it highlighted the maval and shirur lok sabha constituencies that are currently held by mps from shiv sena.
this meeting is not directed against any political party.
we have shown our strength by winning in the gram panchayat, municipal council, municipal corporation and zilla parishad elections.
this meeting is to show who is supporting modi for the prime ministers post.
if our allies also express support to make modi the pm, then we will get their candidates elected as mps.
if not, then there are two persons from bjp, who are also capable of getting elected from here (maval and shirur), fadnavis said.
at the meeting, the cm admitted that there was spectre of drought in the state but assured citizens that the state government would provide drinking water and help to the farmers.
fadnavis added that prime minister narendra modi has assured support for the state in its effort to redress the drought issue.
he claimed that the alliance between nationalist congress party (ncp) and congress would make no difference to the winning prospects of bjp.
they are organizing yatras but very few people are attending them, he said.
regularizing constructionsat the meeting, the cm said that, as per assurances given to the residents of pimpri chinchwad during the last election, the state government has enacted a law to regularize unauthorized constructions.
our government will regularize the constructions in accordance with the court directives, he said.
however, fadnavis did not elaborate if he was referring to the recent bombay high court ruling against the states move to regularize pre-2015 illegal constructions.
this story is from january 31, 2019file photo of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: after the modi government earlier this month brought in a 10  quota for the poor from the general category in central jobs and services, the bjp-led maharashtra government is considering bringing in a similar quota in the state.
if such a 10  quota for jobs in state-run establishments is introduced, maharashtra will be the fifth state in the country to get it.
soon after the modi governments move, gujarat uttar pradesh and himachal pradesh brought in identical quotas at the state level.
reservation for economically weaker sections (ews) from the non-reserved category in the state will chiefly benefit brahmins and their sub-castes and the poor among muslims and christians who do not get benefits of the obc or other quotas; those among muslims and christians categorized as obcs are entitled to quotas.
it is mostly these sections who are left out of the states total reservations which reached 68  in november last year with the state sanctioning a 16  quota for marathas.
sources said the state general administration department has agreed to take up the responsibility of implementing the 10  quota for the economically backward after the social justice department declined to be the implementing authority.
a senior official from the social justice department said they had explained that they could not take up the work because the new quota would not be based on social but economic criteria.
the centres 10  ews quota will most likely be adopted by the state as it is, officials said, adding that the state only needs to clear the proposal in the devendrafadnavis cabinet and publish a notification for its implementation.
those from families earning a gross annual income of less than rs8 lakh will be identified as economically backward, in keeping with the central governments decision.
the state congress, however, said the reservation should stand legal scrutiny if based on economic criteria.
we do not oppose the reservation.
however, the government will have to ensure it stands in court, state congress spokesperson sachin sawant said.
the bjp government is known for its jumalebaazi.
they have announced reservations with an eye on the elections, sawant added.
pune: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said looking at the huge support that his ' mahajanadesh yatra ' is receiving, the bjp will have an unprecedented victory in the upcoming state assembly polls.
fadnavis said so far, his yatra has covered over 3,000 km and reached out to over 100 constituencies (out of the total 288) in the state.
wherever we go, the yatra is being welcomed by people and getting a huge response.
looking at the people's support, we are sure that we will get an unprecedented victory in the assembly polls, he told reporters here.
fadnavis on saturday visited several tehsils of pune district as part of the third leg of his 'mahajanadesh yatra'.
when asked about the huge hoardings put on routes of the yatra, he said if the party workers think that by putting up such banners they will get the ticket (for the upcoming polls), it is not so.
to a question on the issue of felling of trees in mumbai's aarey colony to make way for a metro car shed, he said it is a fact that there are trees in the area, but it neither comes under bio-diversity nor is it a forest land.
japan is funding the project and they never do funding unless the project is sustainable, he said.
he claimed the state has received maximum investment in the country and as far as direct employment is concerned, the state is on the first position.
the mumbai civic body recently gave its nod to cut over 2,600 trees for setting up a metro car shed in aarey colony, the sprawling green belt of mumbai.
environmentalists have been opposing the proposed tree felling.
several bollywood personalities and politicians have also extended their support to the activists.
fadnavis earlier started his mass contact programme from amravati in vidarbha on august 1.
he, however, suspended it on august 6 in view of rains wrecking havoc in parts of the state, even as the opposition charged him then with giving priority to his campaign.
he later resumed his yatra from august 21.
in the first and second phases of his yatra, he covered areas in the vidarbha and marathwada regions.
fadnavis said that this money should go in converting iggmch into a state of art hospital.
the college deserved to get this additional fund when it is entering a new era of its existence and development.
the cm called upon its present students to contribute their share towards society by serving at least 2-5 years in the rural areas.
he said that when these students will look back after decades into their work they will realize that the most important work they did in their life would be the work in the rural hospitals.
the cm reminded the past and the present students that the exposure of patients that the doctors get in the government sector cannot be compared at all either with private medical colleges or that in private practice.
the critical care management that the medical students get in government colleges is un-comparable.
hence the legacy that is created in the government colleges is unparalleled, fadnavis said.
the doctors fadnavis said here are under constant tension and pressure.
they are always overburdened and yet the patients and their relatives are overdemanding.
this sometimes does result into certain agitations.
but the doctors who emerge from are naturally more mature and experienced.
dr anand pangarkar, the president of the iggmc alumni association narrated the history of the iggmc before it became iggmc and was taken over by the government.
he said that it was for the first time that the college alumni have offered to provide their services in various super specialities and the government has agreed for it.
in fact, a plastic surgery operation was already done a day back by the alumnus plastic surgeon.
he said that the alumni were trying to raise funds from the corporate sector to start an integrated child health institute.
earlier the colleges acting dean dr anuradha shrikhande, while listing the achievements and the pending projects of the institution, said that the college had come a long way from starting with 60 seats which increased to 100 and 150.
the college she said had already started moving in the direction of getting 200 seats soon.
she said that the college immediately needed a cat scan, an mri and a dsa to meet the requirements of the medical council of india.
those present on the occasion included dr milind mane, mla and alumnus, mlas sudhakar deshmukh, sudhakar kolhe and vikas kumbhare, mp dr vikas mahatme, deputy mayor deepak pardikar, zilla parishad president, nisha sawarkar, principal secretary medical education sanjay deshmukh, joint director, medical education dr prakash wakode.
two students were felicitated for their exceptional work.
sanjana jaiswal was felicitated for presenting paper at atlanta during mbbs.
her guide dr dipty jain head of paediatrics were also honoured.
kunal khobragade was honoured for bagging gold medical from tata memorial hospital for oncology.
dr ravi chavan presented a vote of thanks.
while the inaugural programme of golden jubilee was on there were whispers all over that no one spoke a word about the contribution of the nurses in the development of the college.
we dont exist.
but can they run a hospital without us.
mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis cleared the file from his office on wednesday to allow beed constable lalita salve to undergo the gender reassignment surgery.
salve was employed as a female cop and was a part beeds all-women squad.
however, later after she realised about underdeveloped male organs in her body, she applied for a sex change operation file photo of lalita salvethe state police headquarters had accused her of concealing facts at the time of recruitment, but the cm wanted to take a holistic view.
speaking to mirror, the cm confirmed that he had cleared the file allowing salve to undergo sex change.
file photo of lalita salvethe state law and judiciary department had also opined that the case of a salve, who sought permission to undergo a sex change, continue in service as a male constable.
salves case should be taken into account positively and treated as a 'special case', the department had expressed.
salve, 29, hails from beed and had joined the force as a female constable in june 2010.
she sought permission for a month's leave to undergo sex reassignment surgery in september 2017.
the request was rejected by the state police headquarters.
file photo of lalita salvein november, salve moved the bombay high court and pleaded for permission to be treated as a male in the police constabulary.
she then approached maharashtra administrative tribunalin her plea, she said that the doctors, who examined her, found that she suffers from gender dysphoria, a condition in which emotional and psychological identity are at odds with one's biological sex.
salve had undergone a detailed medical check-up in jj hospital.
the cm had earlier declared that he would clear the proposal and the dg satish mathur had asked the state to take a call.
salve was unavailable for comment on wednesday.
a similar case was reported a year ago when, for the first time, a transgender was recruited in police service in tamil nadu following the madras high court intervention.
k prithika yashini, 26, who completed her training as a sub-inspector of police in tamil nadu police force, was born as a male.
he later underwent sex change and applied for the post of sub-inspector as transgender.
however, the state police rejected her application and she had to approach the madras high court.
this story is from february 15, 2019maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis greets shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on their arrival for the .
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: as the question of whether recalcitrant ally shiv sena would ally with the bjp for the ls polls lingered, cm devendrafadnavis met sena president uddhav thackeray at the latters matoshree residence in bandra on thursday evening for talks that lasted more than an hour.
emerging from this first official interaction with uddhav over the alliance impasse, fadnavis said the talks had been positive.
the sena has placed an insistence on some public interest issues such as those related to farmers and implementation of a few schemes, he said.
we have the same feelings in this regard and have responded in a positive manner, fadnavis told mediapersons.
fadnavis added that due to the pulwama terror attack, we have not discussed issues in detail.
however, the talks were positive, and we will come to a conclusion soon and announce our decision.
the cm was accompanied by senior bjp minister chandrakant patil.
among the sena leaders present at the meeting was minister subhash desai.
the talks took place hours after the sena tried to build pressure on the bjp by reiterating that it should get the chief ministers post in maharashtra even if it gets fewer seats than the bjp in the assembly polls.
the sena is trying to strike a pact for the state polls right away along with a seat-sharing formula for the general elections.
the bjp however has indicated it is unlikely to accept such a condition.
sena leader mp sanjay raut said the bjp should have a claim on the prime ministers post in new delhi, but the cm in maharashtra will be from the sena.
the sena has a clear stand on the alliance.
if they (bjp) want to ally, they should accept some conditions.
this is not called adjustment but political give and take.
if they are comfortable, alliance talks will start, else we are prepared for polls, raut said.
he added that no one could become a big brother only by winning a few seats more seats in the 2014 elections.
you (bjp) are big brother at the centre, but sena is big brother in the state, he stressed.
bjp spokesperson madhav bhandari said, our stand has been clarified by sudhirbhau (bjp minister sudhir mungantiwar) two days ago.
mungantiwar had said on tuesday that alliances were not formed for contesting the maximum number of seats but for winning the maximum number of seats.
bhandari further indicated that sena had the option of showing its strength in the polls in order to stake claim on the cms post, instead of having it as a condition for a pre-poll alliance.
this story is from october 28, 2018mumbais mayor vishwanath mahadeshwar (2nd from right) and city mayor nanda jichkar (right) submitted a 20-poi.
.
.
admitting that most of the municipal corporations in maharahstra are facing financial crisis, the cm said the state government has increased financial assistance to urban local bodies to rs5,200 crore per annum as against the earlier allocation of rs1,200 crore since the last four years.
fadnavis, along with union minister nitin gadkari, inaugurated 18th convention of maharashtra mayors council at vanamati on saturday.
it is the second such convention in nagpur, which was hosted by city mayor nanda jichkar.
altogether 20 of the total 27 mayors participated in the convention.
vishwanath mahadeshwar, chairman of the council and mumbai mayor, and jichkar, the councils vice-president, submitted a 20-point charter of demands to fadnavis.
in their speeches, mahadeshwar and jichkar urged the cm to give administrative and financial powers to mayors.
fadnavis assured to look into the councils demands.
all municipal corporations should implement development plan (dp) in an effective manner.
there are self-financing concepts in the dp from which municipal corporations can earn additional revenue, he said.
there are various sources from where additional revenue can be earned and taxes brought down.
i am sure that 40  of the properties are not under the tax net.
also, good revenue can come from regularization of illegal water connections that i did when was mayor, the cm said.
appreciating the council for holding the convention on the theme sustainable development, fadnavis stressed the need for solid and liquid waste management.
there are chances of rise in temperature by 2  all over the world if we fail to launch mitigation measures.
prime minister narendra modi has accepted a plan with target of 2030.
even gadkari has chalked out a plan to convert the entire mobility into electric and biofuel by 2030, he said.
fadnavis said developed countries cause maximum pollution, but at the same time teach developing countries to control the menace.
over 2,100 million litres per day (mld) sewage is being released into sea from mumbai.
we have planned a series of sewage treatment plants.
then we came to know that there were no standards for sewage discharge into the sea.
standards have now been finalized and would be implemented accordingly, he said.
as announced earlier, fadnavis said no space will be made available for dumping of garbage after three years.
directives also have been given to midc for meeting its water requirement from treated sewage.
raw water supply to midc will be stopped completely after three years, he said.
fadnavis urged all mayors to take up electric-run bus projects and assured of help from the state.
gadkari suggested mayors and corporators to think about increasing revenue more than expenditure.
90  of corporators think ways to spend funds instead of bringing additional revenue, he said.
he requested the cm to increase gst grant of municipal corporations stating that the module framed to calculate the grant was improper.
mayors demandsdirect administrative and financial powersincrease in mayor fund of bmc to rs 20crore as against the existing rs7 crore and others to rs10 crore from rs2.
nagpur:the burden of campaign for the ncp-congress candidate madhular kukde rests solely on party stalwart praful patel who knows gondia-bhandara lok sabha constituency like the back of his hand.
he has contested several times from this seat and has had mixed results.
with now only a week of effective campaign time left, there was no sign of other star campaigners from the congress or the ncp in stark contrast, the bjp campaign for its nominee hemant patle was better organized and peaked at the right time as chief minister devendrafadnavis joined the drive on saturday and addressed election rallies at mohadi and sakoli.
union minister nitin gadkari is expected to address a rally in bhandara on sunday.
the presence of these two leaders, now seen as the tallest in the state for the bjp, is certain to add weight to the campaign.
patel, even though willing to carry on the burden, is more of a local boy and in election time people are attracted if the campaign is spiced-up with star speakers from outside.
patel said he had already completed one full round of all 12 talukas jointly with nana patole and other congress leaders.
patel had to rush to mumbai on saturday morning for some important meetings leaving the campaign rudderless for two days.
meanwhile, patole, who is at the centre of it all for having caused the untimely by-election by his abrupt resignation, is on the defensive.
the bjp has accused him of quitting to cover-up his non-performance in the constituency in his term as bjp mp.
as a major advantage, six of the seven assembly segments in the two districts are represented by the bjp.
its mlas are active and in their respective areas are circulating pamphlets showing the work they have done till date.
they also mention that if patle is elected, he will strive to get the work started for the bhel plant at sakoli to generate large number of jobs for locals.
the plant was sanctioned during praful patels reign as union heavy industries minister.
but, except for the allotment of land, nothing has moved.
a down-to-earth kukde was seen on friday going around villages on lakhandur side all by himself with a small team while patel and patole did their own bit separately with public meetings at different places to cover as many places as possible.
asked about the missing star campaigners, kukde said he was hopeful of ncp stalwarts ajit pawar, dhananjay munde and jayant patil, and the congress state president ashok chavan as well as radhkrishna vikhe-patil making a round next week.
however, both ncp and congress functionaries could not confirm their itinerary.
stature-wise, both kukde and patle look evenly poised and there are many who feel that the caste factor may play a role in deciding the winner.
kukde belongs to kunbi community which has the largest vote share of 3 lakh here.
patle, who is from the powar community, has 2.
5 lakh voters.
state power minister chandrashekhar bawankule, who is the bjp points man, could play a hand in drawing the traditional teli vote which is 2.
5 lakh strong.
dalits, tribals and fishing communities that add up to 1.
75 lakh could also swing the outcome if they vote en-mass to any one party.
caste conflagrations could decide the winner.
devendra fadnavisdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday quietly shunted out excise commissioner ashwini joshi to the insignificant mumbai district aids control society as project director.
an ias officer of the 2006 batch, joshi has been asked to hand over charge to excise secretary valsa nair singh.
a former mumbai collector, joshi was appointed excise commissioner on april 27, 2017, and was abruptly transferred before completing the two-year tenure.
senior excise officials expressed shock over the transfer.
joshi was hearing a very crucial case.
the supreme court had on january 12 asked her to complete the hearing of a case pertaining to illegal online trading of liquor within three weeks.
we are surprised as to how suddenly she has been shifted, a senior official said.
since taking over the reins of the excise department, joshi had targeted illegal and illicit trading of liquor.
when she suspended 35 licences in mumbai, there was political pressure to reconsider the decision, but she did not budge.
a section of liquor traders finally approached the bombay high court, which set aside her order.
joshi moved the supreme court, which expunged remarks against her and asked her to grant a fresh hearing to the aggrieved persons.
after veteran bureaucrat medha gadgil, joshi is the second ias officer to be shifted abruptly.
gadgil was transferred from relief and rehabilitation department to the maharashtra state financial corporation.
however, following an uproar in the media as well as in the corridors of power, she was brought back to mantralaya and posted as additional chief secretary (administrative reforms, organisation and methods).
mumbai: more than six months after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a rs 34,022 crore loan waiver scheme for 89 lakh farmers congress spokesperson sachin sawant has found that the scheme has failed to take off in the real sense due to lack of coordination and dereliction of duty at all levels.
sawant on thursday disclosed that as on january 24, the cooperation department waived rs 12,262 crore worth loans of 31 lakh farmers.
i procured data from the cooperation and finance department.
the cm must admit that his government has failed to implement the scheme.
the cm must fix responsibility for the mess in the information technology, cooperation and finance departments, sawant said.
sawant disclosed that while the cm had announced that 89 lakh farmers will benefit under the waiver scheme, after the cumbersome procedure introduced by the information technology department, only 77 lakh were able to submit on-line applications.
subsequently, only 47,46,222 farmers were declared eligible for loan waivers.
so far, loans of 31 lakh farmers have been waived, while 16,46,168 farmers are waiting for justice, sawant said.
he said even the one-time settlements appear to be misleading as more than eight lakh farmers may not benefit.
the one-time settlement scheme is illegal and has not been approved by rbi, he said.
leader of opposition radhakrishna vikhe patil said he was shocked to see special branch officials in his chamber while interacting with the media.
leader of opposition is under surveillance.
its unacceptable.
.
.
i have lodged a protest with the city police commissioner.
i am also meeting governor vidyasagar rao led by chief minister devendrafadnavis , vikhe patil said.
while vikhe patil was interacting with the media on pesticide deaths in yavatmal, kamala mills fire and a suicide attempt by a dhule farmer, two officials quietly entered the room and occupied chairs.
we will not be deterred by such surveillance tactics of the cm, vikhe patil said.
vikhe patil iterated his demand for a cbi probe into the mill fire and immediate suspension of municipal commissioner ajoy mehta.
if the cm is serious in tackling corruption in bmc, he must first suspend mehta and order a cbi probe.
the entire demolition drive launched by mehta is the biggest farce.
if information on illegal and unauthorised structures was available with bmc, it was shocking that mehta failed to act.
he woke up only after the death of 14 innocent persons, vikhe patil said.
state congress president ashok chavan condemned the home department decision to deploy special branch sleuths.
i was also chief minister of maharashtra , we never indulged in such activities.
it needs to be condemned in strongest possible words, chavan said.
mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and all cabinet ministers on tuesday decided to donate their one-month salary towards the chief minister' relief fund in view of devastation caused by floods.
this amount will be utilised for providing relief and facilitating rehabilitation of those affected by floods, said an official from the chief minister's office (cmo).
as many as 43 people have lost their lives in floods and rain-related incidents in maharashtra.
floods had caused largescale destruction in kolhapur and sangli districts of western maharashtra, besides affecting satara, pune and solapur districts.
thane, nashik, palghar, ratnagiri, raigad and sindhudurg districts had also received heavy rains.
ministers of state yogesh sagar and vidya thakur, assembly speaker haribhau bagade were among the first to donate their salaries.
separately, mumbai congress leader milind deora has appealed to party leaders, including incumbent and former mps, legislators, corporators from mumbai to donate their one-month salary/pension for the flood relief.
the mumbai congress will be sending trucks of relief material to the flood-affected areas in the next few days.
meanwhile, help in cash and kind is pouring in for the flood victims from various quarters.
harman finodchem ltd. has donated rs 51 lakh while gurudwara board takht sachkhand shri huzur abchal nagar sahib, nanded, has provided food and medical assistance in kolhapur and sangli.
chhatrapati sambhajiraje sakhar udyog has donated rs 10.
51 lakh, super agriculture produce market committee contributed rs 11 lakh and aurangabad district cooperative milk producer union rs 25 lakh, the cmo official said.
maharashtra unit of the bjp had already decided to adopt flood-hit villages in western maharashtra and konkan regions.
state bjp president chandrakant patil had on monday asked bjp leaders from the level of sarpanchs to mlas and mlcs to donate their one-month salary or wages for the relief work.
he also appealed to bjp workers to donate minimum amount of rs 100 for the cause.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday set up the maharashtra real estate regulatory authority appellate tribunal headed by justice indira jain.
under the law, the tribunal will hear appeals against orders passed by maharashtra real estate regulatory authority.
a senior bureaucrat said that a high-level search panel headed by justice shantanu kemkar, and comprising additional chief secretary (housing) sanjay kumar and law secretary a m jamadar, was formed to set up the tribunal.
the search panel recommended justice indira jain as chairperson, additional chief secretary (cooperation) s s sandhu and sumant kolhe, as members, administration and judicial respectively.
sandhu, an ias officer of the 1984 batch, is due to retire on june 30, 2018.
the cm has accepted the proposal.
we expect that an official order will be issued in a day or two, he said.
after the centre notified the real estate regulatory authority, maharashtra was the first state to notify and set up the authority on may 1, 2017.
veteran bureaucrat gautam chaterjee is the chairman of maharera while judge bhalchandra kapadnis is the judicial member and another veteran bureaucrat, vijay satbir singh, is the administrative member.
since maharera's institution, its performance has been efficient.
it has ensured that activities in the real estate industry are transparent and consumers are not taken for a ride.
orders passed by maharera are quoted all over the country, as landmark verdicts,'' the bureaucrat said.
by5-km stretch sees serious, sometimes fatal, accidents frequently.
locals have tried reaching out to authorities, but in vain.
once a bare, lonely area, balewadi-mahalunge is now a much soughtafter locale with booming development, made all the more desirable by its proximity to baner.
unfortunately, even as upscale housing societies have made their appearance seemingly overnight, basic amenities such as well-made roads are far from complete.
one such stretch on the balewadi-nanded road is so steeped in potholes that accidents, including fatal ones, are a daily occurrence.
on may 16, 40-year-old anjana santosh ambavale was riding pillion on her husbands motorbike when her husband santosh lost control of the vehicle as it hit a deep ditch on this road.
both of them fell off the bike and anjana succumbed to a serious head injury on the spot.
this is just one example of the horrifying condition of this 5-km stretch, which, according to residents, has only been deteriorating over the last five years.
right from its point of inception, till where it connects to nanded, the road has potholes deep enough to be called craters.
the monsoons are especially tough for commuters as the potholes disappear under water, making them even more dangerous.
residents have wearied of trying to reach out to officials  everyone from the public works department (pwd) to the pune metropolitan region development authority (pmrda) and even the chief ministers office has been approached, but in vain.
citizens have even filed an application under the right to information (rti) act against three companies that own five cement manufacturing units on this route.
residents of kul echoloch society claimed that none of these plants have been set up legally and that the incessant movement of cement-laden trucks, mixers, and multi-axle vehicles only make the road worse.
mirror is in possession of government records that state that these units are indeed illegal.
i have been living here for the last three years.
now my condition is such that i am suffering from spine-related issues in my 30s.
my doctor has warned me not to ride twowheelers anymore, mourned yogesh rajwanshi (36), a resident of kul echoloch housing society.
pregnant women are especially at risk.
resident ajay shukla (45) said that many expectant mothers, despite having homes on this stretch, rented houses elsewhere simply because the road poses too much of a threat.
similarly, shipra srivastava (33), a schoolteacher has already suffered two injuries as she fell twice while riding her two-wheeler.
i bring my child home from school every day, praying that i reach home safely, a tired srivastava said.
and, its not just head injuries and broken bones.
sangeeta namdev (33) said that her five-year-old child started showing asthmalike symptoms due to the dust emitted by heavy vehicles.
there is dust at all hours of the day because the road is in such bad condition, complained namdev.
even pedestrians are not spared, as 41-yearold suresh rathore found out.
he recently underwent surgery for a fractured shoulder after falling on the road while on foot.
the condition of the road can also be gauged by the fact that there is no public transport here.
no app-based cabs or auto-rickshaws ply here for fear their vehicle will break down.
if locals book cabs through apps, the requests are cancelled instantly.
even more worrying is the fact that ambulances cannot get here either.
we recently had a medical emergency in our society and dialled for an ambulance.
but, they said they wouldnt be able to reach on time because of the road.
they even suggested that we bring the patient to the hospital in a car as that would be faster, said abhishek singh, another resident.
he added that after 6.
30 pm every day, the road is almost completely dark, as there are barely any streetlights.
pleas and complaints to the authorities have yielded no results.
nitish sharma, another resident, said, we have approached everyone  the pmrda, pwd, local leaders, other civic bodies, chief minister devendrafadnavis  but our plea went unheard.
we also wrote to the prime ministers office, but nothing has been done yet.
he added that last year, guardian minister girish bapat had visited the area and had promised swift respite.
he even reprimanded some officials in our presence, but even that didnt work, sharma complained.
meanwhile, when mirror contacted the authorities, there were the usual vague responses and quick passing of blame.
though the road falls under the pmrda, its chief executive officer, kiran gitte, pointed to the zilla parishad (zp) as responsible.
this road falls in the ambit of the zilla parishad and i will speak to them about it, gitte told mirror.
when asked, suraj mandhare, ceo of the zp said, i will verify whether or not this indeed falls under our jurisdiction.
if so, we will carry out repairs on priority.
chief minister devendrafadnavis took serious note of tois extensive reporting on akolas clean morna river campaign.
the minister shared the full-page report, published on february 15, on his personal as well as official twitter handles.
the report soon went viral and has got hundreds of retweets till now.
in an accompanying video released recently, fadnavis has exhorted all 36 districts of the state to emulate the morna project.
lauding the initiative, cm said that the project demonstrated how a determined administration and public participation can do wonders.
the efforts taken by the local government and citizens is a matter of pride for our state, and i salute the citizens of akola for creating history by reviving the heritage river, said fadnavis.
the cm also mentioned how the initiative was appreciated by prime minister narendra modi , who got magnetically drawn towards the campaign after seeing a striking photograph of a grandson cleaning the river along with his grandfather.
on the first day of the campaign, more than 7,000 citizens of akola and over 100 ngos had participated in the river cleaning drive.
sharing the success story of his pet project jal yukta shivar, fadnavis said that protecting the environment is a priority for the state government.
the state has already taken lead in conserving jal, jameen and jungle, and success of morna river has added a new chapter in this endeavour.
the initiative is also in line with the swachh bharat abhiyan, added fadnavis.
he said the government was working on various sectors, including irrigation, agriculture and infrastructure, to develop the region and make it overcome the water scarcity.
the water grid and other new schemes will make marathwada shed the tag of being a drought-prone region, he said addressing a gathering here on the 71st marathwada muktisangram day.
it is the day to make resolutions.
as part of this, we have initiated various schemes for marathwada which will help this region to beat the water scarcity and drought, he assured.
tenders have been floated to implement the water grid scheme, on which the government will spend rs 20,000 crore, the chief minister said.
besides, to meet the water needs for agriculture in marathwada, the state government is planning to the bring excess water from the konkan region, which flows into the sea, towards the godavari valley, he said.
fadnavis said the government has also sanctioned a water pipeline scheme worth rs 1,650 crore for aurangabad.
this will help to overcome water scarcity in the city for next 50 years, he added.
he said aurangabad will play a vital role in future on the industrial front.
the first phase of shendra node of the delhi-mumbai industrial corridor project, recently inaugurated by prime minister narendra modi, will act as a magnet for investments in the marathwada region, he said.
along with the dmic project, the samruddhi corridor will also help aurangabad and marathwada to make remarkable contribution in the national economic growth, fadnavis said.
meanwhile, some freedom fighters, who were present on the occasion, demanded equal pension amounts for them under the central and state schemes.
we are paid less by the state as compared to the central government.
we fought for one nation, then our pension should also be one, city-based freedom fighter narayandas rathod aurangabad told reporters after the function.
mumbai: harbour and trans-harbour commuters can expect a little less crowding on trains from january 31 as central railway will roll out 26 more services.
out of the 26, 10 will be on the harbour line and the rest on the trans-harbour corridor with this, the total number of services on harbour line will increase from 604 to 614 and on trans-harbour, it will go from 246 to 262.
all the newly introduced harbour line services will operate from wadala to panvel or vashi.
a cr official said, chief minister devendrafadnavis will make the announcement on january 26.
also, the toy train to matheran will resume services from neral on republic day.
fadnavis will also inaugurate fobs at various stations, landings at elphinstone road and vidyavihar, escalators at thane and adar, and elevators at dadar, mankhurd, reay road and borivli.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
pti filemumbai (maharashtra): maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday warned that state government would take action against people if they take the law into their hands during the bandh called by mns on august 22.
the mns has called for a bandh after the enforcement directorate (ed) had summoned party chief raj thackeray in connection with a case pertaining to alleged irregularities related to infrastructure leasing & financial services (il&fs) loan in kohinoor ctnl.
if people take law in their hands, the government will take action , fadnavis said on being asked about the bandh called by the maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) in thane on august 22.
he continued, the ed will take action only if he (raj thackeray) is found guilty.
they (mns) can make any allegations but the ed is working independently.
calling it a political vendetta, mns leader sandeep deshpande said that the bjp was nervous as thackeray was unifying opposition parties against what he called as hitlershahi (dictatorship).
the ed is probing the alleged irregularities pertaining to il&fs group's loan and equity investment in kohinoor ctnl, which is one of the defaulters.
kohinoor ctnl is developing kohinoor square tower in dadar (west) in mumbai.
aurangabad ( maharashtra ): stating that the government is committed to improving the condition of the women through various means, prime minister narendra modi said on saturday that a new big mission has begun which directly affects all the women in the country.
we have begun a very big mission now which directly affects all the women in the country.
i know how many troubles the women have to face just for getting water, we have started the jal jeevan mission for this reason.
we have also provided gas cylinders to eight crore families and counting, modi said addressing a meeting of women belonging to self-help groups here.
(ram manohar) lohiaji had said that there were two major problems faced by the women in india- lack of toilets and water.
many governments came and went, but we alone are the ones who have resolved to provide both in every home, he added.
thanking the independent women from the rural parts of the state for their efforts, he said, all of you are playing a big role in making your families economically strong which is an important step in developing the villages.
i bow to every woman who through self-help groups is contributing to the process of building a stronger and new india.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis was also present at the rally in the poll-bound state where elections are due in the upcoming months.
in his speech, modi stressed upon the benefits for the women under the central government schemes.
mudra yojana played an important role in making women entrepreneurs.
under the yojana, close to 20 crore loans were given in the country, approximately 14 crores of which went to our sisters and daughters.
he also lauded the milestones reached by the central government and urged women to explain the importance of measures such as anti-triple talaq law which were for the benefit of muslim women.
providing electricity to each village, giving gas connections to 8 crore houses and many more feats like this have been achieved before the stipulated time.
very soon, the nation will declare itself open defecation free, i have faith that by 2022 when we will celebrating 75 years of the country's independence, we will be able to fulfill all our promises, modi said.
we also brought an anti-triple talaq law to rid the muslim women of an evil practice in society.
it is now your responsibility to bring awareness in the society regarding these, he added.
modi also hailed the efforts of the indian space research organisation (isro) scientists for the chandrayaan-2 mission and added that they were ready and willing to move forward with renewed pace.
everybody knows what happened with the chandrayaan-2.
our scientists tried really hard but faced a hurdle, i was amidst them today morning, they were a bit emotional but were also excited to move forward with double pace, modi said.
this story is from january 7, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has come under fire for his governments failure to accord a state funeral to master blaster sachin tendulkars childhood coach ramakant achrekar, a padmashri award recipient.
the criticism has been more stringent in view of the fact that a few months ago, film star sridevi was given a state funeral.
as per rules, only constitutional authorities are entitled to a state funeral; there is no provision to accord state funeral to recipients of padma awards.
in certain cases, the cm has used his discretion to accord a state funeral in view of the demand.
it was felt that sports minister vinod tawde, guardian minister subhash desai shiv sena mp rahul shewale, mumbai bjp president ashish shelar, who has been associated with the cricket association for decades and mumbai collector shivaji jondhale should have impressed upon the cm the need to accord a state funeral to achrekar in view of his importance in the field of cricket.
but since this did not happen, fadnavis himself had to face public wrath.
post the episode, the general administration department, particularly the protocol branch, responsible for according state funerals, is studying rules prescribed by the central government and governments of neighbouring states to bring in new rules and ensure it does not face embarrassment in future.
chandrapur: chief minister devendrafadnavis inaugurated a 100-bedded women and children hospital at gadchiroli on sunday.
this is the first hospital in the state with a central clinical laboratory, equipped with a colposcopy machine, which helps in detection of uterus cancer.
cm, health minister dr deepak sawant, guardian minister of gadchiroli ambrish atram and local leaders were present.
a sanitary napkin vending machine and incinerator installed in the hospital too were inaugurated by fadnavis.
the hospital was approved in 2009, and the ground breaking ceremony was done in december 2010 by the then guardian minster rr patil.
the hospital building has been built on around 8500 sq meter at a cost of rs18 crore.
the government has approved 66 posts for the hospital.
the chief minister also inaugurated the new niyojan bhawan and hall, and declared gadchiroli as free of open defection.
he claimed that first large scale project is coming to gadchiroli in the form of a steel plant by lloyds metal company.
this will open new avenues of industrialization in the tribal district, he added.
he said that gadchiroli district has been included in the aspiring areas identified by pm narendra modi.
he said the government is committed to turn gadchiroli into a progressive area and special grants of rs40 crore have been allocated for this.
health minister sawant sought special permission from the cm to procure hearse vans as a special case in gadchiroli, nandurbar and palghar district, as ambulances cannot be used to carry dead bodies.
this story is from october 30, 2018file photo of cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: even as the state is gearing up to tackle a drought, the key difference between this years drought and those maharashtra has seen previously is a rs 7,692 crore water conservation scheme.
experts say the next few months will be a litmus test for the bjp-led governments flagship programme of jalyukt shivar (water-filled land).
the opposition has already begun attacking the government using data provided by the water supply and sanitation department.
according to the data, 252 tehsils have reported a drop of more than a metre in groundwater levels.
the scheme, launched in 2014 to make the state drought-free by 2019, has received mixed reactions.
villages which have gained have called it a game-changer, while critics have raised issues like sustainability, questioned the contractor-based model used for projects and even lack of a data-gathering method to show the schemes usefulness.
groundwater levels have plummeted the highest in the marathwada and north maharashtra regions, according to the departments survey.
the groundwater survey and development authority (gsda) report states that 4,572 villages from marathwada and 3,117 from north maharashtra reported a decline in groundwater levels.
the opposition has demanded an inquiry into the money spent on jalyukt shivar projects, calling them ineffective.
we will soon produce data comparing groundwater level in villages where these projects were taken up with those where they were not.
that is the right way of comparing data, fadnavis said.
he said due to jalyukt shivar, the water table in drought-prone marathwada has gone up by 4 metres.
jalyukt shivar is the highlight of my four years in office.
i would give it 100  marks, the cm said.
he said areas like solapur, a rabi area, have increased their kharif-sowing area by four times in just three years.
area under kharif in solapur in 2014 was 80,000 hectares.
in 2017-18 it rose to 3 lakh hectares and in 2018-19 it is 2.
5 lakh hectares.
fadnavis said because of jalyukt shivar, irrigation potential on 34 lakh hectares has been generated, plus water stock of 24 lakh tmc.
but not everyone is convinced.
how is the government coming up with this data?
how have they measured it?
what is the life of projects carried out under jalyukt shivar?
there are no answers to these questions, said aurangabad-based water expert pradeep purandare.
he said the way the government approached the scheme was faulty.
if you are making water available, government should have regulated crops in catchment areas in those villages to strike a balance with water stocks.
but that never happened, purandare said.
he recommended a scientific survey of projects.
in some places the scheme became contractor-centric and highly unscientific, purandare said.
popatrao pawar of hivre bazaar, a village in ahmednagar known for its water sufficiency, said the schemes concept was good but the cropping pattern had to be regulated.
there are villages where, suddenly, farmers started taking sugarcane and pomegranate because there was enough water.
drawing of groundwater level should have been regulated, pawar said.
santosh gawai from shirla village in akola said that projects carried out with the help of locals are filled with water, but many done by the contractor for his benefit are redundant and dont even hold water.
this story is from november 11, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis has a new take on the political relations between his party bjp and ally shiv sena which has of late been the most vociferous critic of every action by the government in the state or at the centre.
asked if the bjps affection with the sena was one-way as the latter was never seen reciprocating, fadnavis said, our love for the sena is open and we wear it on our sleeve.
the sena loves the bjp but hides it.
its not for public display.
he was informally speaking to journalists at a diwali get-together at his official residence on saturday.
from almost daily bjp and narendra modi bashing through its mouthpiece saamna to public outpourings by party president uddhav thackeray and his mp sanjay raut, the sena, while remaining the ruling partner and nda constituent, has doubled up as stringent opposition.
time and again, the sena leaders have said they would snap the ties with the bjp in the next elections, but the bjp leaders maintain that it wants to continue with the sena as a traditional ally so as to keep the hindutva vote intact.
fadnavis, who completed four years in office, without a blemish handed over a 45-page dossier of how the bjp-sena government has done far better on every parameter as compared to more than a decade of the congress-led governments in the state.
especially on the farm front, he claimed his government had doubled the investment as compared to the previous regime which spent rs13,700 crore between years 2009 and 2014 to rs22,199 crore between 2014 and 2018 by his government.
the loan waiver scheme was also the biggest and real farmers gained while lakhs of bogus beneficiaries were weeded out.
by sheer dint of our performance, people will surely re-elect us, fadnavis stressed.
on the avni (t1) killing, fadnavis lamented the politicization of the matter.
as a government, we are committed to tiger conservation and have been doing a good job of it.
but some times, situation limits the alternatives.
union minister maneka gandhi, being an animal activist, has every right to feel the way she did about shooting of avni.
we are also sad that the tiger had to be killed.
to clear all doubts in minds of those who feel something wrong was done, we have set up a committee to examine if set procedure was followed or not or there were any violations, he said.
image used for representational purposedownload the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis in march last year had claimed that 60  of the city would be covered under 24x7 water supply project by december 2018.
however, the nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) water works department has admitted that so far only 34  of the city has been covered under the project which was entrusted to orange city water in 2012.
in its action taken report (atr), the department has stated that there is unequal water supply in the city.
the report mentioned that 24x7 water is being supplied to 21 command areas.
in 2019-20, another 20 command areas will get round-the-clock water, 27 more will be covered by 2020-21 when the entire city will get 24x7 water supply, the reported stated.
the atr was prepared following directives from the general body to the civic administration to streamline water supply across the city this summer.
on june 20 following an uproar over civic administrations failure to submit atr before the general body meeting, mayor nanda jichkar had issued directives to municipal commissioner abhijit bangar and warned the head of water works department to submit the report within a week or face suspension.
water works departments executive engineer shweta banerjee on thursday submitted the atr to jichkar, deputy mayor deepraj pardikar, ruling party leader sandip joshi, leader of opposition tanaji wanve and other corporators.
though the nmc is pumping water from totladoh reservoirs dead stock, the nmcs 2,300mm pipeline transporting raw water from navegaon khairi to mahadula has six to seven leakages.
this is causing 30 to 40 million litres per day (mld) water loss daily.
this much water can cater to around 2 lakh population daily or can suffice the needs of a zones population.
to repair the leakages, the nmc needs a 20-day shutdown.
the leakages will be plugged in august, the report stated.
however, to avoid shutdown the nmc will use an open canal to transport water.
in the atr, the department also stated that last year 650 mld was supplied on an average while billing was done only for 352 mld.
thus non-revenue water is 40 .
nmc has set a target of reducing this figure by 10  and increase the billed water to 452 mld.
according to the atr, ocw has been issued a timetable for completing capex works.
work being done by the operator is being monitored every day.
when all the works are over the water distribution system of the city will improve, the report stated.
in the atr, the department claimed to have made alternative arrangements to combat water crisis due to less rainfall last year by cleaning public wells and drilling borewells.
however, it made a shocking revelation that during sample testing of 549 wells, only five wells were found to contain potable water.
if zonal delegates and ocw officers do not pick up phones of corporators or common citizens regarding water complaints action will be taken against them, the report stated.
commenting on the report, wanve said the bjp ruled nmc not only failed to develop new water sources but also made no efforts to conserve the existing ones.
the private operator entrusted to implement citys 24x7 water supply project has failed to reduce non-revenue water though the supply for nagpur city has increased from 540 mld to 740 mld in the last five years, he said.
nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis and union transport minister nitin gadkari had promised last year that the 55 km long ghodazari branch canal of gosikhurd project would be completed by end of 2018.
however, this is far from reality as irrigation officials said it would take three years and that too if sufficient funds were made available every year.
the canal has the potential of irrigating 35,000 hectares in chandrapur district.
the canal and its distribution network need rs 1,000 crore.
activists of jan manch and other organizations visited the ghodazari canal works under sinchan shodh yatra on sunday.
everywhere the works have stopped and the construction sites wear a forelorn look.
jm sheikh, superintending engineer of vidarbha irrigation development corporation (vidc), told the activists and mediapersons that many tenders had been scrapped following the anti-corruption bureau (acb) enquiry into rs 70,000 crore irrigation scam.
sheikh said tenders for constructing the branch canal were floated in 2010.
they were later cancelled by the government following the enquiry.
the canal received revised administrative approval (raa) in september 2016.
however, funds are yet to be sanctioned because the government has decided to allocate money to works that are half complete, he added.
ghodazari seems to be last priority for the government.
while work has been done on the first 26 km of the canal in bits and parts, the remaining 29 km is still on the drawing board.
we have recently asked a central government agency wapcos to do survey for laying a pipeline network.
water will be distributed through pipelines in this section, said sr mandwar, executive engineer.
despite tall claims of state leaders regarding top priority given to gosikhurd, the fact is that nobody knows how much more time it will take for completion.
the rs 18,500 crore project needs another rs 8,200 crore.
the budgetary allocation this years was only rs 750 crore.
funds crunch and cancelled tenders are not the only reasons for the delay.
govind bhendarkar of gosikhurd prakalp sangharsh samiti showed the activists spots where a politically connected contractor was not starting work for reasons best known to him.
the work is to be completed in june end but there is no sign of activity in mid-april.
sheikh merely said the contractor would be penalized.
jan manch president sharad patil, vice-president amitabh pawde and ved president devendra parekh told sheikh if no action was taken against such contractors they would file a public interest litigation (pil) in high court.
nagpur: by the end of this week, citizens can expect to enjoy a joyride on the nagpur metro as mahametro has finally got the green light from commissioner of metro rail safety ( cmrs ).
after its trial run on september 30, 2017, the safety certification for nagpur metro got entangled in red tape for over six months.
after carrying out a safety inspection of metros at grade section, cmrs has awarded a safety certificate to the 5-km at grade (ground level) stretch from mihan depot to airport south station.
cmrs is an agency under ministry of civil aviation that certifies all safety aspects of a metro rail project.
mahametro managing director brijesh dixit said the first opportunity to ride in metro will be given to senior citizens, physically challenged and the underprivileged.
according to officials, state chief minister devendrafadnavis is expected to formally inaugurate the metro at months end.
post that, free joyrides will be provided to citizens but on invitation.
dixit further informed commercial operations of reach 1 (sitabuldi to mihan) will start from march 2019.
we will try to complete the entire metro project by december 2019, he said.
almost 80  of the civil work for reach 1 having seven stations has been completed.
apart from this, stretch from lokmanya nagar to subhash nagar of reach 3 is expected to be commissioned by december 2018.
the remaining stretch from subhash nagar to jhansi rani square will be commissioned by june 2019.
as already reported, the speed of metro on at grade section will be restricted to 25 kilometres per hour (kmph) due to lack of requisite signalling systems.
however, dixit informed it will be increased to 40 kmph in three months.
mahametro has got an in-principle clearance for the same and will send papers to research design and standards organization (rdso) for approval.
after installing communications-based train control (cbtc) system, the limit will go up to 80-85 kmph, said an official.
average speed of metro rails in the nation is 80 kmph.
the central road research institute (crri) will be conducting a noise pollution study to assess mitigation measures.
it will first be carried out at central avenue which has many old buildings.
experts will check if the noise from running metro can cause any structural damage, said officials.
dixit said nagpur metro stations were being built as per international standards.
they will have a panic button which distressed passengers can press to contact the metro staff.
the trains will also have similar buttons to stop it, he said.
dixit added the stations would have 100  cctv coverage and special facilities like wheelchairs and ramps for senior citizens and the physically challenged.
recently, the indian green building council awarded platinum certificates to three stations of khapri, new airport and airport south for facilities like rain water harvesting, use of natural material, less pollution, solar energy and landscaping.
nagpur: the winter session of the state legislature that concluded last friday was a tame affair with chief minister devendrafadnavis and his cabinet colleagues deftly handling the combined opposition onslaught.
except for the outside commotion caused in the first week by a series of protest marches, the business inside the vidhan bhavan proceeded smoothly with 18 bills and supplementary budgetary demands getting through in ten sittings.
while the session would certainly add to first-time cm fadnavis learning curve, he has more than demonstrated a cool head and that he possesses ability to deflect the oppositions concerted rhetoric, be it on farmer problems or sensitive law and order points.
the way the opposition latched on to the munna yadav episode easily led to suspicion that it was deliberately used as a red-herring by the cm to keep them off other more sensitive issues.
fadnavis did not come out with any tangible relief package except for a slightly hiked onus on paddy and the loan waiver schemes already being rolled out.
yet, he made it out as an unprecedented relief by factoring in the central aid, insurance claims and compensation from seed companies that look, at least today, tough to land.
with winter session a closed chapter, the next task before fadnavis is the much-awaited cabinet reshuffle-cum-expansion.
the matter has been kept hanging for last several months and now what could complicate is the narayan rane factor.
the former cm has quit congress and formed his own party which has allied with the bjp-led nda.
he has been promised a cabinet berth to pave way for his political rehabilitation.
but this is not so easy as it is bound to bring the bjp-sena alliance to a flash point.
the already stretched alliance could snap with the shiv sena threatening to withdraw from the government if the old bte noire is inducted.
the sena has never forgiven him quitting their party.
we will certainly leave the government if rane is brought into the government, said a sena minister.
but the cm has indicated that rane would be inducted, come what may.
in fact, fadnavis is positive that ranes entry in government would lead to a much favourable political realignment with several mlas of the sena as well as congress switching over to the bjp.
the recent cross-voting during mlc election of prasad lad and bjps continuing winning streak in gujarat have kept this possibility alive.
how fadnavis will manage this exercise is being watched with curiosity.
one thing is clear that seeking direct or indirect support from the ncp was now out of the question since bjp is firm that the corrupt tag that goes with that party could become a liability when it goes to polls in 2019.
if the promised defections do not happen, then how the fadnavis government survives makes the cabinet rejig exercise a major challenge for the cm.
with polls about 20 months away, he cannot afford to defer it any more to provide much needed impetus to governance.
pune: chief minister devendrafadnavis has ruled out allocation of funds in the state budget for the proposed airport at purandar asked whether funds will be provided in the state budget for the purandar airport, fadnavis in a text message replied: it is not required.
senior officials of the maharashtra airport development company limited (madc), which is developing the airport, told toi that a detailed proposal on the financial aspect of the proposed airport, which include expected funds required for land acquisition, has been sent to the state government and its approval is being awaited.
we have not mentioned the compensation amount as it is expected to be different for each landowner depending on the package he/she chooses.
once the proposal is cleared by the local district administration, we will be able to discuss the amount, an madc official said.
the foundation stone for the navi mumbai international airport was laid by prime minister narendra modi and the first flight is set to take off by 2019.
the tweet from fadnavis office said, first flight from navi mumbai international airport to take off by december 2019.
we are also building missing lines on mumbai-pune expressway.
we have received all permission for the new purandar airport in pune and also working on extension of existing pune airport.
until now, we have received approvals from the airports authority of india (aai), the aviation ministry and defence ministry.
we are awaiting clearance from the steering committee of the union government.
techno economic feasibility study is being carried out.
it includes all forms of clearances, including a detailed project report , master plan for the project and environmental clearance, among others, an official said.
as far as funding is concerned, an initial funding of rs 100 crore is being used.
the magnetic maharashtra summit is underway and fadnavis will undertake a review of the purandar airport after february 23, the official pointed out.
in the last budget, the state government had not allocated funds for the project.
fadnavis had then told toi that funds for land acquisition can be made available to madc in the states supplementary budget once the acquisition component is finalised.
pune airport is an madc project, and the government allocates money for it.
madc will start work on the airport project by utilising its reserves and the government will provide grants later, fadnavis had said.
a massive relief and rescue operation continued on wednesday in the flood-hit districts of kolhapur and sangli.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citykolhapur: a massive relief and rescue operation continued on wednesday in the flood-hit districts of kolhapur and sangli in western maharashtra with the government deploying teams of army, navy, coast guards and national disaster response force (ndrf) for rescuing thousands of people stranded in marooned areas.
two helicopters of the navy and a coast guard chopper from goa landed at kolhapur airport on wednesday morning with life saving boats and other paraphernalia to facilitate rescue work.
kolhapur district collector daulat desai said, a team of 22 navy personnel has started operations by reaching prayag chikhali, about 5km from here where rivers kumbhi, kasari, bhogawati and tulshi merge.
hundreds of people are waiting at prayag chikhali for help.
rescue team of army and ndrf managed to reach kolhapur despite problems posed by a submerged panchanganga bridge on the national highway (nh)-4 which connects mumbai and bengaluru via pune and kolhapur.
the ndrf team proceeded to prayag chikhali with two boats and another two boats will undertake rescue operations in kolhapur city.
the navy is deploying 14 more boats for rescue operation.
district guardian minister chandrakant patil, who discussed the situation with defence minister rajnath singh, said the latter has promised all help for rescue operation, which includes deployment of all-weather condition helicopters.
maharashtra cabinet will have special meeting during the day to discuss the flood situation.
the kolhapur district administration has shifted around 11,000 families (51,785 people) to safer place and are arranging for food and relief.
in sangli, which is 60km from kolhapur off the nh-4, the situation remained critical as ndrf and army teams have reached there.
the krishna river was flowing above the danger mark of 45ft at irwin bridge in the heart of sangli city.
flood waters have entered in several low lying areas of the city as well as karad in neibhouring satara district .
krishna and koyna are two major rivers that meet at karad.
the situation in kolhapur and sangli districts is grimmer than the floods witnessed in 2005, prompting chief minister devendrafadnavis to call his karnataka counterpart b s yediyurappa for stepping up the release of water from almatti dam , located 200km from kolhapur.
water discharged from various dams across satara, sangli and kolhapur districts, flows through koyna, krishna, panchaganga and their tributaries and form the backwaters of almatti dam in karnataka.
a lesser discharge from almatti leads to flooding of areas in sangli and kolhapur.
the situation has, meanwhile, badly affected the supply of essential commodities like milk, vegetables and fuel, besides, hitting services like hospitals.
with highways and roads remaining out of the bounds, major oil companies, which have their depots in sangli district, could not transport fuel to kolhapur.
huge queues of vehicles were witnessed at petrol pumps in kolhapur city, but the available stocks were going down rapidly.
similarly, the gokul milk cooperative, which is a major supplier of milk not only to kolhapur and sangli but also mumbai, could not transport milk on wednesday.
the situation has sent vegetable prices soaring.
in kolhapur city, water gushed into the basement of a hospital, leaving several patients and their relatives waiting for help to evacuate them from the affected premises.
accessing heavily water-logged areas was a problem not only in the cities but also the rural parts of the two districts.
nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis dropped a bombshell on wednesday by revealing that the list of beneficiaries of the earlier loan waivers announced by the then upa and df governments in 2008 was unavailable.
turning the tables on the opposition, he even called on them to demand such a list under rti from his government, but they would be unable to provide it, as it didnt exist.
the startling revelation came while fadnavis was replying to the marathon discussion under rule 293 moved by the opposition benches, which lasted over two days.
he also disclosed that many sugar factories had taken loans in the name of farmers, without informing the farmers themselves, by submitting their 7/12 extracts to banks during the upas loan waiver.
citing comptroller and auditor general (cag) report, he pointed out that many influential persons from kolhapur and satara were granted benefits in the upas loan waiver.
this included yuvraj patil, who received rs38 lakh, and vijay sinh patil, who received rs9.
11 lakh.
i will provide the list of farmers being given benefit by our government, unlike yours, he taunted.
when jayant patil pointed out that many of these beneficiaries didnt receive the money, after objections were raised and cases were pending in the supreme and high courts, the cm asked where all this money had gone, and hinted at a bigger scam here.
we will inquire into this bungling.
our government has learnt from your mistakes, he said.
while admitting blunders in depositing loan waiver amount into accounts of non-beneficiaries, including mlas, he passed the buck to banks, for having sent wrong names to the government.
its true that the amount was deposited in the account of mla prakash abitkar, but it was the banks fault since original beneficiary was prakash sutar.
we received about 37 applications with abitkar surname, of which one had initials of prakash.
similar thing happened with vasant more, where original beneficiary was latabai patil.
blaming the banks for the mess, fadnavis said the government had already inked a pact with them for data validation of beneficiaries, and they would be completely responsible for any error.
we havent provided our data of farmers to them.
we asked them to prepare their own list after validating it.
we then matched it with direct applications invited from farmers.
we initially received over 1.
03 crore applications.
after biometric tests and removing duplication, about 77 lakh accounts were found to be genuine.
after subtracting ineligible beneficiaries as per our new norms, weve decided to deposit money into accounts of about 67 lakh farmers.
earlier, the cm added to his figures of loan waiver, which he had announced last week while replying to discussion on the same subject and on the same motion but moved by the treasury benches.
he said about 48 lakh accounts had been cleared till wednesday out of 67 lakh applications received from farmers.
of them, 34 lakh were loan accounts while 14 lakh were of those provided incentives for timely repayment of loans.
cumulatively, an amount of rs23,300 crore has been disbursed so far.
since last week, weve cleared 4.
72 lakh more accounts and approved rs2,578 crore payment under chhatrapati shivaji maharaj shetkari sanman yojana and daily updation is underway.
there would be no discrimination between farmers, whether backing bjp or ncp.
ncp leader ajit pawar demanded action against sugar mills owners for duping farmers, and even bank officials.
on hasan mushrifs query, fadnavis said the banks were told to close those accounts and not to levy any interest.
meet of mlas from drought hit areas todayagriculture minister pandurang phundkar announced that a meeting of mlas from drought-hit areas of vidarbha would be convened on thursday at 4pm.
after receiving inputs from them, we will consult with the cm and take a decision to benefit rice and cotton growers, whose crops were destroyed due to incessant rains or bollworm and aphid attack.
even the cm endorsed him, saying that the government would announce a package before the end of the winter session on friday.
this story is from december 29, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: the home department led by chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday suspended public information officer sarangkumar patil for providing incorrect information to rti activist jeetendra ghadge on the mumbai-ahmedabad bullet train project.
patil is the first official to be suspended for providing incorrect information under the rti act.
a senior bureaucrat told toi that after it was confirmed patil had provided wrong information, it was decided to suspend him with immediate effect.
a departmental probe will be conducted against him, he said.
on september 29, ghadge had invoked provisions of the rti act to seek information on the dates on which meetings of the cabinet sub-committee, set up to study the project under the chairmanship of the chief minister, were held and whether the committee had submitted its report.
patil had, on november 26, replied to the query.
you have sought information on the meetings of the cabinet sub-committee.
so far, not a single meeting was held, patil said.
since ghadge circulated the reply in the media, it received wide publicity, following which the cms office conducted an internal probe to examine if the reply was correct.
it was found the sub-committee did meet on a number of occasions and briefed the cm.
in view of the wrong reply given by patil, there was massive embarrassment to the cm, he said.
mumbai: on the eve of two lok sabha bypolls in maharashtra, the shiv sena filed a complaint with the election commission over a speech by chief minister devendrafadnavis allegedly urging bjp workers to use a tit for tat policy in dealing with sena cadres and win the palghar poll by hook or crook.
the byelections in palghar and bhandara-gondia are scheduled for monday.
meanwhile, fadnavis declined to comment on prospects for a pre-poll alliance with the sena in 2019, adding that he would speak on the subject after the bypoll results on may 31.
sena mp anil desai on sunday wrote to the ec drawing attention to the cms speech.
seeking action, he alleged that the palghar district administration was functioning under pressure from fadnavis.
fadnavis's speech, the audio tape of which was played for a gathering by uddhav thackeray at a poll meeting in palghar last friday, has triggered another round of bickering between the sparring allies.
the sena has accused fadnavis of provoking bjp workers into a face-off with its cadres to win the palghar bypoll by means fair or foul, while fadnavis insists that his alliance partner has twisted the content of his speech.
in the audio clip.
he is purportedly heard advocating the use of saam, daam, dand, bhed to win the bypoll.
as the audio clip went viral on social media, thackeray taunted bjp for saying his speech was being misinterpreted and said he was willing to learn marathi from fadnavis if that was the case.
the cm, reacted to uddhavs comments on sunday saying, one can wake up someone who is asleep but you cannot wake up one who is pretending to be asleep.
sena leader anil parab has demanded that the cm's audio tape be examined by forensic experts before palghar goes to polls.
if the chief minister is found guilty of using provocative language, he should resign, said parab.
the congress and bahujan vikas aghadi (bva) also submitted complaints to the palghar district collector over fadnavis's speech.
the palghar by-election will be a litmus test for both bjp and sena.
the two saffron allies, which share power in the state, have put their organisational machinery to fullest usenot to speak of ample resourcesto win the palghar seat.
bjp has fielded former congress minister rajendra gavit while shriniwas wanga, the son of chintaman wanga, is the sena candidate.
chintaman wanga's death in january this year necessitated the by-election.
baliram jadhav is the bahujan vikas aghadi (bva) nominee while congress has fielded damu shingada.
the communist party too is in the fray.
many fear pre-poll violence in the constituency which has a staggering 17 lakh voters spread across urban and rural areas.
we will not resort to violence of any kind.
but, there is no guarantee that our rivals will follow our ethic, said senior bva functionary unmesh kulkarni.
political sources said winning the election has become a prestige issue for fadnavis who has spent several days campaigning in the district, meeting both voters and party workers.
bjp has the dahanu and vikramgad assembly segments within the constituency and is focusing on the nalasopara, vasai and boisar assembly seats, all of which belongs to the bahujan vikas aghadi (bva).
both bjp and sena are especially targeting nalasopara to up their tally as it has the maximum number of voters among all the assembly segments at over 4.
5 lakh.
bjp had roped in uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, union minister smriti irani and delhi unit chief manoj tiwari for campaigning in palghar.
sena too had organized several public meetings with both uddhav and his son aditya making repeated trips.
the district has turned into a fortress with heavy police deployment.
fourteen of the 2,097 polling booths have been declared sensitive.
voting begins at 7 am and will end at 6 pm.
the extreme heat in the region is a matter of concern for all parties as it may have an impact on polling.
in the 2014 ls polls, the palghar constituency recorded 62.
90 per cent polling.
the outcome of the palghar bypoll may have other unintended results too.
the senas unbridled attacks on bjp over the last two years and uddhav thackerays decision to prop up a potential bjp candidate for the palghar byelection may indeed lead to a review of ties with the sena after the results, said experts.
in the lok sabha, bjp has 274 mps while shiv sena has 18.
in maharashtra, bjp has 23 mps against the senas 18.
insetsome nda allies dont agree about our achievementschief minister devendrafadnavis spoke to mediapersons on sunday to mark the completion of the nda governments four years in power.
he said the key issue during the campaign for the next elections would be development.
when asked whether the bjps alliance partners shared the credit for the achievements of the four years, fadnavis replied that the credit accrued to all nda allies.
achievement is of the union government includes all allies.
however, i cannot help it if some are not in agreement about our achievements, he said.
regarding sena leader sanjay rauts comments that fadnavis was an egoistic person, the cm replied that he would not respond to the comments by sena leaders junior to uddhav thackeray.
everyone knows who has an egothackeray is a party leader and i will respond to his comments only, he said.
aurangabad: chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday asked for implementation of different development schemes initiated by the government in mission mode.
fadnavis  who inaugurated different public works in jalna during his tour to marathwada  mentioned jal yukta shivar , farm-pond on demand, cleanliness campaign, 'galmukta dharan, galyukta shivar' and pradhan mantri awas yojana as some of the welfare schemes that require speedy implementations.
elaborating upon the newly-launched galmukta dharan, galyukta shivar scheme that aims to carry out desilting of dams and distribution of the silt in farms, fadnavis said the whole exercise would not only help in improving agricultural productivity, but also efficiency of dams.
the state government would bear the cost of transportation of silt top the fields.
we appeal public support for making the scheme a success.
desilting of dams is going to almost double the storage capacity of the irrigation projects, he said.
fadnavis also inaugurated works under the galmukta dharan, galyukta shivar programme at a micro irrigation project of shindi village in jafrabad taluka.
at another event, fadnavis stressed on the need for carrying out planning of works under water conservation scheme of jal yukta shivar before monsoon.
he also reiterated the resolve for making maharashtra open defecation free by october 2.
the cm, who held meeting with officials from different government departments, also sought taluka-wise review of officials works in jalna district.
during his visit to osmanabad district, the cm appealed to the farmers to take benefit of farm-on demand scheme in maximum numbers.
during a review meeting, fadnavis asked the government machinery to ensure proper planning so that maximum number of farmers can benefit from different government schemes and projects during approaching kharif season.
meanwhile, fadnavis chose not to react on party president raosaheb danve 's recent controversial comments against tur dal producing farmers.
cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citypune: chief minister devendrafadnavis has ordered an inquiry into the wall collapse and has announced an ex gratia of rs 5 lakh for the deceased and rs 25,000 for those injured.
the cm also instructed the administration to take preventive measures for the safety of construction workers and asked pune collector naval kishore ram to ensure that the bodies of the deceased individuals are flown back to their families in bihar .
fadnavis said the labour minister and pune guardian minister, along with district administration, should fix responsibility for the accident and relocate other workers staying at the camp.
meanwhile, naval kishore ram has formed a team - comprising additional collector, a police officer, pwd official, pmc official and a town planning department official - to investigate and submit a report on permissions taken.
he is also in touch with the collectors from the native districts of the deceased/injured workers in bihar to get the list legal heirs into whose accounts the ex gratia amount will be deposited.
mumbai: jawaharlal nehru and indira gandhi performed yoga in private and their heirs did not honour it which is why power has eluded them as those who do yoga are directly blessed by god, ramdev on wednesday said.
he also expressed confidence that big work will be done on issues such as article 370 and triple talaq under the leadership of prime minister narendra modi.
ramdev, who will be attending an international yoga day event in maharashtra's nanded on june 21, which will be attended by chief minister devendrafadnavis , was talking to reporters.
modi is the first prime minister who performs yoga among people, he said, adding that all central ministers, chief ministers, mps and mlas of the bjp perform yoga.
this has given 'gaurav' (prestige) to it.
isse pehle luke chhupe yog karte the indira gandhi ji aur nehru ji (earlier, prime ministers indira gandhi and nehru performed yoga secretly), ramdev said.
but their (nehru-gandhi family's) subsequent generations perhaps did not honour yoga.
is liye unke raj-yog mein bhi thoda sa gadbad ho gaya (hence political power eluded them), the yoga guru added.
those who perform yoga are directly blessed by god, he said.
i have confidence that under the leadership of modi and amit shah, big work will be done on article 370, 35a (which give special status of jammu and kashmir), one nation-one-law, one-nation-one-election and triple talaq.
because those who are yogi think well of all, ramdev added.
yoga is our big legacy and beyond politics, caste, faith and religions, he said, adding that everybody accepts that yoga is rashtra dharma (national religion).
to a question on food adulteration, ramdev, whose patanjali group has a big presence in packaged food segment, said regulatory bodies should be more alert and transparent.
he also called for laws such as those in china, us and europe which limit use of fertilisers and pesticides.
the laws on adulteration are weak here (in india).
in china, death penalty is recommended for adulteration of milk and other foods.
there should be at least life imprisonment here, he said.
when asked whether he would seek death penalty for food adulteration, he said, i demand hanging till death for adulteration of ghee, medicines, edible oil.
.
.
the government should seriously think about it.
maharashtra school education minister ashish shelar, who accompanied ramdev during the press meet, said the state government would organise yoga day events in 322 tehsils.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis inaugurated india's first floating storage re-gasification unit (fsru)-based terminal at jsw jaigarh port in ratnagiri district.
the lng terminal will provide clean, safe and affordable natural gas.
h-energy's lng terminal is also expected to greatly benefit the state by providing clean fuel for transportation and domestic use.
according to a media release issued by h-energy gateway pvt ltd, (the energy venture of hiranandani group ), the lng terminal will offer storage, re-gasification, re-loading, fuel bunkering and truck loading facilities to cater to the growing energy demand of indian industries.
when operational, the re-gasified lng will be supplied to customers through a 60-km tie-in pipeline connected to national gas grids at dabhol.
h-energy gateway pvt ltd. will commence commercial operations by the end of the financial year.
the lng terminal is developed in accordance with world-class engineering and safety standards, the media release claimed.
dabhol hosts the controversial ratnagiri power projects power plant, which was originally known as the dabhol power.
image used for representation.
(file photo)new delhi: maharashtra government filed a caveat in the supreme court on friday to ensure that it does not go unheard in case anyone challenges the bombay high court order upholding the reservation to maratha community in the state.
the bombay high court on thursday upheld the validity of quota granted to the maratha community under socially and educationally backward class (sebc) in educational institutions and government jobs in the state, which marked the breach of 50 per cent cap set by the apex court.
a bench of justices ranjit more and bharti dangre, however, did not approve the quota of 16 per cent extended to the community and directed to cap the reservation at 12 per cent in education and 13 per cent for government jobs.
the maratha reservation bill was passed in the maharashtra assembly in november last year.
following the decision of the state legislature, several petitions were filed contending that the reservation to the community will raise the reservation in the state from 52 per cent to 68 per cent, which is 18 per cent higher than the ceiling set by the apex court.
on this, the high court in its judgement on thursday said that 50 per cent cap on the reservation can be extended in exceptional situations.
the high court had also upheld the recommendations made by the maharashtra backward class commission about the backwardness of the community, which the government had considered while extending the quota.
the maratha community makes up a total of 33 per cent of the total population in the state.
on february 6, a division bench of justices ranjit more and bharati danger of the bombay high court heard a clutch of petitions by the state government and those for, and against the reservation given to the maratha community.
after a detailed hearing for over two months, the high court had reserved the order on march 26 on these petitions.
on march 8, chief minister devendrafadnavis state government issued a notification implementing the reservation in the educational institutions.
the legislative council of the state had, on june 21, passed an amendment in the sebc act, providing 16 per cent reservation to the students of maratha community in admissions to the post-graduate (pg) dental and medical courses.
producer saket sahni and mahie gill after the attack on tuesdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis stated in the legislative council on thursday that the government may invoke maharashtra control of organised crime act (mcoca) against those involved in the attack on a film crew shooting in thane on tuesday.
the incident was uncalled for and the perpetrators will be dealt with sternly.
if required, and if they have old crimes, we may also invoke mcoca against them, he said.
in good news for the film and tv industry, the state said it will introduce single window permission digitally from august 15 for shooting of films and serials.
fadnavis said that the government was introducing the digital platform for obtaining permission to prevent incidents of people harassing film/tv crew from shooting at locations.
he said police were directed to provide protection to film crews at locations across the state.
of the eight involved in the attack, few have been arrested, he said, adding that he met a delegation of the web series crew who were attacked.
i have assured them of strict action against the culprits, he said.
a meeting is scheduled between the thane police commissioner, inspector-general of police (konkan range) and producers, who will be assured of protection, sources said.
a police official said there was a dispute over selection of a spot for the shoot, following which some men attacked the crew.
by express news servicetirupati: paving the way for the construction of venkateswara temple in mumbai, the maharashtra state government has allotted 648 sq metres of land in a prime area of bandra east to the tirumala tirupati devasthanams (ttd).
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis handed over the land allotment order for the construction of venkateswara temple to ttd joint executive officer p basant kumar at cms official residence varsha in mumbai, an official release said on wednesday.
mumbai suburban district collector milind borikar gave the land possession order to the ttd jeo.
state finance minister sudhir mungantiwar, local advisory committee members v ranganathan, dr gita kasturi and samir k mehta were also present on the occasion.
on the request of ttd executive officer anil kumar singhal, the government of maharashtra allotted 648 sq metres of land in bandra east for construction of venkateswara temple along with an information centre.
to provide information regarding accommodation, darshan, sevas, amenities to pilgrims and others at tirumala, the ttd had already established a temple-cum-information centre on the rented premises at sion in mumbai.
the proposed temple and information centre which will come up in bandra east, will have garbhalayam housing the main deity, artha mandapam and mukha mandapam on the elevated first floor and potu, the temple kitchen, and meditation hall in the basement.
the information centre will also be accommodated on the same premises as per the plans being finalised by stapathis of ttd in consultation with the reputed architectural firm, the release added.
the information centre will be on the premisesthe proposed venkateswara temple and information centre which will come up in bandra east, will have garbhalayam housing the main deity, artha mandapam and mukha mandapam on the elevated first floor and potu in the basement of the structure.
this story is from january 2, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis had constituted a committee in august 2016 under then nagpur divisional commissioner anup kumar to study sector wise backwardness in vidarbha and marathwada.
the report was to be prepared by vidarbha industries association (via) in association with government departments.
it was to be submitted to the cm in february 2017.
however, shockingly it is yet to reach fadnavis.
the term of bjp-shiv sena government will expire in october this year.
unless fadnavis or at least a person from vidarbha becomes the cm again, the report is likely to be put in cold storage.
thus, the industrialists and officials may have missed a golden opportunity for development of the two regions.
via had constituted 16 committees to study various sectors in the two backward regions.
these committees submitted their report one by one in 2018.
anup kumar then got it translated into marathi.
some months ago, a local daily had published a serious of news articles on the summary of the report.
no action has been taken since kumar got transferred and the report is lying with the industrial association.
it is seeking an appointment with fadnavis to hand it over to him.
initially, work on the report was done fast.
kumar held a daylong meeting with industrialists in via office.
he then organized similar meetings in amravati and aurangabad.
the principal secretary (industries) also held a daylong meeting with via office-bearers.
after that the field work began.
however, this was very slow.
the committee prepared a detailed questionnaire and provided it to the respective collectors.
it contained questions like number of industries closed down, cases where land was refused to industries, persons registered at the employment exchange, etc.
this information was collected and compiled by september 20, 2016.
all the district and sector wise reports were to be presented to anup kumar, who was to then prepare a plan of action with the help of industrialists.
in mid-2017, via said that it had prepared the draft of the report.
sixteen sectors had been identified for development.
these included defence, mining, ayurveda, minor forest produce, etc.
the focus areas were skill and entrepreneurship development, industry and education interface, etc.
one of the concerns raised in the draft report was high-handedness of banks towards small and medium scale industries while recovering loans which had turned into non-performing assets (npas).
the report claimed that while big fish went scot free, the small and medium scale industrialists had to face strict action.
mumbai: maharashtra agriculture minister pandurang fundkar died on thursday at around 4.
35 am following a heart attack in mumbai here, an official said.
he was 67.
the senior bjp leader was a three-term mp and a former president of the maharashtra party unit.
the legislator first became an mla in 1978.
chief minister devendrafadnavis condoled fundkar's demise, and recalled his late cabinet colleague's contribution to the party and farmers' development.
saddened and shocking to know about demise of fundkar.
he was a senior colleague in the cabinet and a senior leader who has deep knowledge about agriculture and cooperative sector.
we lost our senior colleague said fadnavis.
nagpur:chief minister devendrafadnavis has categorically ruled out shifting the proposed nanar refinery to vidarbha, saying, the project can be shifted to vidarbha only if sea can be brought here.
with this he also kept all the speculations and proposal by bjp mla ashish deshmukh at bay.
:it is a west coast refinery project of the central government and not an inland one.
crude will directly reach the refinery through sea.
there is no provision for laying pipelines, he told toi in an exclusive chat on saturday.
ruling coalition partners bjp and shiv sena have been sparring over the proposed refinery in the ratnagiri district of konkan region.
sena supremo uddhav thackeray has been opposing the project, citing protests by locals as well as possible threat to environment.
the stand-off escalated when industries minister subhash desai , who is from the sena, had revoked the land acquisition notice without seeking permission from the cm.
recently, dissident bjp mla deshmukh had met thackeray and proposed that the refinery be shifted to vidarbha.
thackeray had described the proposal as well studied and offered to support the proposal to hold monsoon session of the assembly in nagpur if the state government agreed to shift the refinery from nanar.
on the monsoon session, the cm expressed confidence that it would be held in nagpur from july 4.
several major parties including sena are against it.
the bjp is keen to hold the monsoon session in nagpur and hold a budge session in mumbai next year before the lok sabha and state assembly elections are announced.
mostly, the winter session has been held in the city.
on the city bus tangle, fadnavis said that the government was of the opinion that mahametro should run it.
we will issue the necessary orders so that mahametro can take over the service, he said.
nagpur smart and sustainable city development corporation limited, the special purpose vehicle (spv) of nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) has passed a resolution handing over the bus service to mahametro.
the metro officials have, however, made it clear that they would not run city buses until the state government directed them to do so.
the bus service is a big financial burden on nmc as it incurs a loss of rs108 crore every year, which has to borne by the civic body.
due to its poor financial condition nmc has not been able to pay the bus operators and the dues have mounted to over rs30 crore.
mahametro, nmc and nagpur improvement trust (nit) have been sparring over various projects like krazy castle amusement park, cotton market mega mall, etc.
fadnavis assured to sort out these issues shortly.
on the delay in the commencement of work on nagpur-mumbai communication super expressway, fadnavis said, there is not much delay.
financial closure of the project will happen next month.
the rs46,000 crore project was slated to start in july 2017 and one phase was to be over by october 2019.
however, land acquisition problems have delayed it.
at present only 77.
5  land has been acquired while 80  is required for financial closure.
