the shiv sena has warned ally bjp against trying to extract political mileage from the chargesheet against former student leader kanhaiya kumar in a sedition case, reminding the big brother of its recent alliance in kashmir with mehbooba muftis peoples democratic party.
an editorial in sena mouthpiece saamana questioned the bjps moral right to condemn kanhaiya for praising afzal guru when the pdp considered the hanged 2001 parliament attack convict a martyr.
the bjp has since withdrawn its support to mehbooba, leading to her resignation as chief minister and governors rule in jammu and kashmir.
kanhaiya kumar speaks well.
he represents the harried and unemployed youth and cannot give slogans hailing afzal guru or independence for kashmir, the editorial said.
what moral right does the bjp have to condemn kanhaiya?
they committed a sin by joining forces with the pdp, which considers afzal guru a martyr.
the bjp should not try to gain political mileage out of the chargesheet.
kanhaiya, a former jnu student union president and now a member of the cpi national council, and two other student leaders had been arrested for chanting seditious slogans in early 2016 following a campus event to commemorate the third anniversary of afzals execution.
delhi police on monday filed the chargesheet in the case.
a sena leader justified the editorial, saying it had always been the partys stand on the controversy.
soon after the jnu controversy, our party chief uddhav thackeray had publicly said that branding kanhaiya as anti-national was wrong.
this is nothing new, the leader said.
the bjp must explain what took the police so long to file the chargesheet and why months before the lok sabha polls.
it is well known that kanhaiya could be a candidate (in the election) and they have filed the chargesheet now to harass him.
in april 2016, around two months after the student leaders arrest, uddhav had told party workers in nashik it was wrong to brand kanhaiya as anti-national and slap a sedition case against him.
he is not anti-national, uddhav had said.
wednesdays fresh salvo from the sena, the bjps oldest ally but extremely critical of late, has come amid tough public posturing by both ahead of the upcoming parliamentary elections.
the sena and the bjp had fought the 2014 lok sabha elections together but broke off their decades-old alliance before the maharashtra assembly polls later that year.
the sena had later joined the state government, led by the bjps devendrafadnavis , but has been bitterly critical of the narendra modi regime at the centre.
now, months before the general election, seat-share talks between the two are yet to start.
bjp national chief amit shah and sena boss uddhav thackeray have even told party workers in public to prepare to fight the polls alone.
insiders in both camps, however, said the two would contest together as the congress and sharad pawars ncp were on their way towards formalising a deal.
maria claim mumbai, oct.
29 (pti): chief minister devendrafadnavis today said former mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria had stated peter mukerjea was not guilty in the sheena bora murder case.
maria came to us and said peter is not guilty.
and now we find cbi has made him (peter) an accused, fadnavis said.
it is something to think about as to how a police officer who was deeply involved in the case thought this way.
maria was questioned by the cbi this week.
audi ruse hyderabad (pti): a conman posing as a doctor drove away with an audi after taking it for a test drive from a used car dealer here on friday.
gowtham reddy, 35, disappeared after driving the car into a hospital to show it to his friends.
shakti sthal new delhi (pti): a commemoration programme to mark the death anniversary of former prime minister indira gandhi on october 31 will not be held at shakti sthal as it has been closed amid the bird flu scare, the congress has said.
the memorial was shut last tuesday after the death of two ducks.
electrocution jaipur (pti): five workers of a catering group were electrocuted to death on friday after the metal chimney they were carrying came in contact with a live wire in jaipur's bhankhrota.
police said the workers were shifting their items after a party.
obama ad washington (pti): us president barack obama has endorsed good friend indian-american raja krishnamoorthi for the us congress from chicago, making a rare appearance in a video ad.
the 30-second video shows one of the pictures of obama at krishnamoorthi's home having dinner.
tiger death bhopal (pti): a tiger, popularly known as kingfisher, was found dead in the core area of kanha tiger reserve, taking the death toll of big cats in madhya pradesh in the last 10 months to 23.
a reserve official said the post-mortem revealed that it had died because of infighting over territory with another tiger.
defence minister nirmala sitharaman inspects the elphinstone road railway bridge with railway minister piyush goyal in mumbai on tuesday.
pic: @defenceminindiamumbai, oct.
fadnavis, who accompanied defence minister sitharaman and railway minister goyal, said the army will also help in building foot overbridges at two other stations here.
sitharaman said it was probably the first time that the army will come in to build in what could otherwise be called civil work.
on september 29 stampede on the crowded foot overbridge (fob) at the elphinstone road station here killed 23 people.
we are taking the army's help in building a new fob at the elphinstone road station and at two other suburban train stations in mumbai, fadnavis said.
i have been informed that the work on these bridges will be completed by january 31, he said.
sitharaman said, this is probably the first time we have asked the army to come in to build what could otherwise be called a civil work, but elphinstone tragedy was so big.
a call was taken to cooperate seeing the urgency of the matter as the army has its role at the borders.
the army has come and seen, inspected and assessed where the bridge is going to be built, they will be there at every stage of the work, she said.
after the stampede on september 29, railway officials posted police personnel to manage the crowd on busy platforms, evicted hawkers from suburban train stations and started speeding up infrastructure projects on suburban network.
goyal had earlier this month announced a slew of measures for the safety of commuters with a focus on foot overbridges (fobs) in the country.
he had said the fobs would now be mandatory at all stations.
previously, only the first fob at a railway station was considered essential and the subsequent a passenger amenity.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday announced that the state government would follow the tamil nadu model to provide a 16 per cent quota to the maratha community in education and government jobs telegraph file picturemaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday announced that the state government would follow the tamil nadu model to provide a 16 per cent quota to the maratha community in education and government jobs.
the state backward commission report stated the maratha community is socially and economically backward.
this is an extraordinary situation and calls for extraordinary measures.
there is a provision to create a special backward class under the constitution.
we will do it in line with the constitution.
we will do it on the lines of the tamil nadu government, said fadnavis.
the commissions recommendations have been accepted and a cabinet sub-committee has been formed to take the necessary steps to implement the decision, the chief minister said.
marathas account for 32 to 35 per cent of the states population.
the reservation for the maraths will be given without disturbing the existing quota for the other communities, fadnavis said.
with this, the total percentage of reservations in maharashtra would be 68 per cent.
fifty-two per cent of the seats in government educational institutions and jobs are reserved for scheduled castes, scheduled tribes, other backward classes and other minor social groups.
the bill to introduce the quota is expected to be tabled in the winter session of the assembly to be held from monday.
in tamil nadu, the government offers 69 per cent quota to backward and specially backward classes, although a case is pending before the supreme court.
non-muslim backward classes have 26.
5 per cent reservations and backward muslims have 3.
5 per cent.
another 20 per cent seats are reserved for the most backward classes.
fifteen per cent of the seats are for the scheduled castes and 3 per cent for the arunthathiyar community.
one per cent of the seats are for the scheduled tribes.
pratyusha's parents shankar and soma banerjee at their sonari residence in jamshedpur on tuesday and (below) a framed photograph of the late actress.
pictures by bhola prasad late tv actress pratyusha banerjee's parents on tuesday called a news meet at their sonari residence in jamshedpur to announce their intention of requesting chief minister raghubar das and the state women's commission to help them get justice for their daughter, found dead under mysterious circumstances on april 1 in mumbai.
pratyusha's parents shankar banerjee (50) and soma banerjee (46), who said their daughter did not commit suicide but was murdered in cold blood, stressed they wanted a cbi probe.
they also said they would go to ranchi on thursday to meet das and state women's commission members.
claiming strong political connections were helping rahul raj singh, tv producer and pratyusha's boyfriend accused of abetting her suicide, to stay out on anticipatory bail, father shankar said: we want the jharkhand government and women's commission to press their maharashtra counterparts for a cbi probe into the case for the truth to emerge.
shankar added that he was hopeful of getting a favourable response from das as pratyusha was an achiever from jharkhand and the chief minister hails from our city.
a near relative, who did not want to be named, added an appointment had been sought from the chief minister.
a mere phone call from our chief minister to his maharashtra counterpart (devendra fadnavis), also a bjp party colleague, would serve our purpose.
we want the truth to come out and the guilty punished, he said.
abetment to suicide, as defined in section 306 of the indian penal code, is a non-bailable offence (as per the schedule appended with the criminal procedure code).
however, bombay high court granted anticipatory bail to rahul, prayusha's parents said, adding that when they moved supreme court on may 30, it declined to quash it.
blaming maharashtra police for their legal debacles, shankar said: the government has not been much helpful and did not provide much evidence before the supreme court so that rahul's anticipatory bail could be quashed.
we apprehend someone influential in mumbai is helping rahul and political pressure from jharkhand might help our cause.
we will also write to union home minister rajnath singh for a cbi probe.
we fear rahul, who is out on bail, will tamper with evidence.
the parents will also start a signature campaign in sakchi market on wednesday evening to garner public support for their late daughter.
mumbai police suspect rahul had links with drug peddling, said shankar.
he might have made our daughter addicted to drugs.
he siphoned money from her accounts.
gadkari aide carnew delhi, feb.
18 (pti): an suv rented by union transport minister nitin gadkari's additional personal secretary, manoj kumar, was stolen from outside his lutyens' delhi house at pandara road last night.
police said the burglars disconnected the innova's gps near a mall in ghaziabad.
lutyens delhi has seen a spurt in thefts, with a robbery reported from the home of congress mp shashi tharoor in november and jewellery and cash stolen from the house of vice-admiral michael moraes in december.
priyanka sonhyderabad (pti): priyanka gandhi's son raihan underwent treatment on saturday at the l.v. prasad eye institute here.
priyanka and raihan arrived in hyderabad in the morning and left in the afternoon.
fake notesnew delhi (pti): fake notes worth rs 6 lakh were seized from sonia vihar in new delhi on saturday, in what is possibly the first seizure of counterfeit rs 100 notes since the demonetisation drive, police said.
two persons have been arrested.
barrister barlondon (pti): an indian-origin barrister in the uk who was convicted of harassing his ex-girlfriend last year has been barred from practising law.
sanjay roy, 32, was given an 18-month suspended sentence after pleading guilty to putting his former girlfriend in fear of violence by harassment.
murder probenew delhi (pti): an uttar pradesh politician, aman mani tripathi, had allegedly killed his wife sara singh by strangulating her, the cbi has claimed in its chargesheet filed on saturday.
the cbi has alleged aman mani staged a road accident of his car at firozabad to claim that sara had died in it.
fadnavis rallypune (pti): maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis arrived for a rally in pune on saturday to find most chairs empty, and left the venue.
he tweeted that he cancelled the meeting because of miscommunication of time of rally.
pune municipal corporation polls will be held on february 21.
our bureauan injured foot of farmer sakku bai (picture below) being treated at a temporaryclinic in mumbai on monday after the 62-year-old marched for several days.
(afp)mumbai: the blistered foot rattled india's financial capital so badly that it had to sit up and engage with those it had been taking for granted for so long.
the bjp-led government in maharashtra has accepted the demands of farmers hours after 35,000 of them, many barefooted, marched on mumbai, braving the blazing sun for nearly a week and walking 180km.
the farmers then decided to end their agitation.
the key demands of the left-backed farmers include unconditional coverage of a loan waiver scheme and the transfer of forestland to those who have been tilling it for decades.
the farmers also want the price of produce to be fixed at one-and-a-half times the cost of production, in line with the recommendations of a panel.
they have sought compensation for cotton crop hit by hailstorm and a pest.
maharashtra revenue minister chandrakant patil said almost all the demands had been accepted.
there was no clarity on the purported changes to the loan waiver scheme.
since the assembly is in session, the government cannot officially make key announcements outside the house.
on land rights, the government appears to have bought time.
we have agreed to set up a committee to allot agricultural land to tribals provided they submit proof of pre-2005 land cultivation, chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
within six months, all disputes related to forestland will be settled.
pouring water to soothe her aching feet, murabhai bhavar, a 74-year-old farmer, said: for three generations, my family has cultivated crops on a two-acre plot but we don't own it.
the land we till should be registered in our name.
revenue minister patil addressed the farmers camping at azad maidan in south mumbai in the presence of cpm general secretary sitaram yechury.
the long march of the farmers, which started in nashik six days ago, was organised by the cpm-affiliated all india kisan sabha.
whether the promises translate into action, the farmers' march has come at a crucial time in national politics.
the opposition has been complaining that rural india is in distress because of the narendra modi government's policies.
that thousands could march to the financial capital and unnerve the power centres is telling, especially coming so soon after the so-called rural-friendly union budget and a year before the general election.
the state government's acceptance of the demands invites the question whether it has thought the consequences through, although few political parties will dare raise such unpalatable issues before an election year.
the loan waiver scheme in maharashtra, introduced last year under pressure from allies, was a knee-jerk reaction to a somewhat similar project announced by the bjp government in uttar pradesh to fulfil an election promise.
for the left, the river of red surging down avenues that symbolise capitalism in india was a straw to clutch at after the poll debacle in tripura.
yechury was jubilant.
the cpm general secretary described the farmers as the new soldiers of india who can uproot governments if they ignore their demands.
as the farmers prepared to return home - the state government has promised a special train - yechury and others were perhaps reminded that even in the age of social media, nothing can replace hard toil in the political field.
kim's unexpected departure, nearly three years before his term was set to expire, is likely to set off a fierce battle between the trump administration and other countries, who have complained about the influence the united states exerts over the world bank.
apworld bank group president jim yong kim, who was at odds with the trump administrations policies on climate change, will resign effective february 1, more than three years ahead of his terms expiration, the multilateral lender said on monday.
kim, 59, a physician and public health advocate, was nominated by former us president barack obama for a first and second term.
kim had pushed financing for green energy projects and largely dropped support for coal power investments, but had avoided public clashes with the trump administration.
two persons familiar with kims announcement to the world bank executive board said he was leaving of his own accord and was not pushed out by the trump administration.
president donald trump however, will wield strong influence in choosing kims successor as the us holds a controlling share of the world banks voting rights.
the bank president has traditionally been an american.
kim intends immediately to join a firm to focus on increasing infrastructure investment in developing countries, the bank said, without providing further details on the position.
kristalina georgieva, who in 2017 became the world banks chief executive officer, will assume the role of interim president when kim departs.
georgieva, a bulgarian national, had previously held senior eu posts after serving 15 years at the world bank, starting as an environmental economist in 1993.
the world bank said kim had emphasised that infrastructure finance was one of the greatest needs in the developing world and had pushed the bank to work with a new cadre of private sector partners onsustainable, climate-smart infrastructure.
the work of the world bank group is more important now than ever as the aspirations of the poor rise all over the world, and problems like climate change, pandemics, famine and refugees continue to grow in both their scale and complexity, kim said.
serving as president and helping position the institution squarely in the middle of all these challenges has been a great privilege.
policemen on guard after violence broke out during celebrations marking the 200th anniversary of the battle of bhima koregaon, in pune on tuesday.
pti picture.
mumbai, jan.
2 (pti): the suburbs of indias financial capital were rocked by violence following the death on monday of a man at an event near pune to mark the 200th anniversary of a battle in which english soldiers using dalit troops had defeated a peshwa.
right-wing outfits protested on monday the decision to mark the bhima-koregaon battles anniversary, since the east india companys forces had defeated a maratha ruler.
a sitting high court judge will head the inquiry, fadnavis said, a day after a youth died when a group opposed to the celebrations since it was a british victory, clashed with dalits on their way to the battle memorial.
the government will give a compensation of rs 10 lakh to the kin of th youth killed, fadnavis said.
the states criminal investigation department will probe the death.
the violence sparked off protests in various parts of the state on tuesday, including in mumbais chembur, where protesters blocked suburban train services, the lifeline of the city.
the central railway suspended suburban services between kurla and vashi on its harbour corridor and was running special services between csmt-kurla and vashi-panvel section.
angered over the youths death, several groups of people had hit the streets on tuesday of chembur, vikhroli, mankhurd and govandi, and forced shops and establishments to shut down, an official said.
the protesters stopped local train services at the govandi and chembur railway stations of the harbour line.
fadnavis appealed for calm, saying maharashtra is a progressive state that does not believe in casteist violence.
strict action would be taken against those who use social media to spread rumours, he said and appealed to political parties to refrain from saying anything that would fuel tensions.
around three lakh people had gathered (for the battle anniversary celebrations).
some people tried to create a serious scene.
but six companies (of security personnel) were posted.
police promptly controlled the situation and averted a major problem, fadnavis said.
mumbai: police inspecting the congress' office in mumbai on friday after it was ransacked by unknown miscreants.
pti picture.
mumbai, dec.
1 (agencies): supporters of raj thackeray on friday vandalised an office of the congress for backing hawkers that thackerays anti-migrant maharashtra navnirman sena wants evicted from the city.
the mns has carried out a 'surgical strike' on nirupam's office.
(it is) tit for tat, mns leader sandeep deshpande said after the attack on the mumbai regional congress committee office at azad maidan in south mumbai.
the mrcc, headed by sanjay nirupam, had backed hawkers.
the mns has begun an agitation to oust them from the metropolis following the september 29 stampede at elphinstone railway station in which 22 died when passengers seeking shelter from rain had crowded an overbridge.
thackeray had said such stampedes would continue to occur in mumbai till hordes of migrants keep pouring into the city.
nirupam and the mns workers had later clashed in north mumbai.
a police officer said nirupams cabin had been damanged by the vandalised.
the incident occurred at around 11.
30am.
two persons entered the mrcc office and vandalised it with the help of paver blocks and stones, a police official said.
we are examining cctv footage, vasant wakhare, senior police inspector of azad maidan police station, told pti.
nirupam said the attack showed the frustration of the mns.
i can understand the frustration of the mns whose workers are being beaten up by hawkers regularly.
their attack on our office is a cowardly act.
chief minister devendrafadnavis must act fast or a befitting reply will be given for sure, he said.
new delhi, april 24: the food ministry has proposed a higher import duty on arhar dal to check a glut that has seen its prices fall below its minimum support price.
the ministry is in favour of increasing the import duty from 10 to 25 per cent in the interest of farmers, food minister ram vilas paswan said here today.
the centre had last month imposed an import duty of 10 per cent on tur ( arhar) dal to protect domestic growers.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis met paswan here to push for a hike in duty which would enable the farmers to get a higher price.
maharashtra cm has demanded an increase in tur dal import duty to 25 per cent.
i agree that there should be higher duty on tur dal.
we will discuss and recommend it to the finance ministry, paswan told reporters after the meeting.
the government had announced a higher support price for the pulses to encourage domestic production.
it had fixed support a price at rs 5050 a quintal.
according to the government's second estimate, arhar dal production stood at 4.
23 million tonnes in the 2016-17 crop year (july-june) against 2.
56 million tonnes in 2015-16.
arhar is grown in the summer season.
prices had spiralled two years ago when it had reached rs 20,000 per quintal.
students of the all india railway act apprentice association stage a blockade demanding jobs in railway sector near dadar and matunga on the central line in mumbai on tuesday.
pti picturemumbai, mar 20 (agencies): railway authorities have begun talks with apprentice-students whose agitation for jobs threw the citys suburban services out of gear on tuesday, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis told the legislative assembly.
around 500 students who had done apprenticeships with indian railways and now want to be recruited sat down on railway tracks at 6.
45am between matunga and dadar, disrupting the suburban railway services that are the backbone of mumbais transport system.
the youth are demanding 100 per cent reservation for apprentices in railway jobs.
railway administration has initiated talks with the protesters and a solution would be arrived at, fadnavis told the house.
making a statement in the house, fadnavis said indian railways has increased the reservation for apprentices from 10 per cent to 20 per cent.
in delhi, union railway minister piyush goyal told reporters the protest was called off at around 10.
35am.
goyal has urged the agitating students to join the recruitment drive that ends on march 31.
last month, indian railways had announced it is recruiting to fill up 89,000 vacancies in group c and group d categories.
the leader of the opposition, radhakrishna vikhe patil, had raised the issue through a point of order before question hour.
he said the apprentices protested with a chakka jaam on central railway section for nearly four hours.
commuters had to face hardships because of disruption of railway services.
but, we should consider the hardships of the youth as well.
the railway administration was not forthcoming to talk to them and understand their demands.
instead, they were lathi-charged in which the youth were injured, he said.
government should have shown some sensitivity by talking to the railway ministry and conveying their demands to the centre.
they were demanding jobs in railways, but railways have changed rules regarding recruitment of apprentices, he claimed.
http://www.
rrbahmedabad.gov.
in/images/cen_01_2018_alp_technicians.
actors kalki koechlin, adil hussain and entrepreneur angshuman kotoky at the festival.
file picture guwahati, june 24: india's commercial hub is all set to embrace the vivid colours of the northeast.
the third edition of colours of north east, an initiative that aims at highlighting the region's culture besides promoting business and tourism, will be held in mumbai on thursday.
the past two editions of the event were attended by leading industrialists, designers and celebrities from bollywood among other dignitaries.
trend mms, a socio-cultural trust of the northeast, is organising the event in association with the doner ministry.
it is supported by the northeastern states and the taj group of hotels.
indusind bank is the presenting sponsor of the event.
around 200 top industrialists and a host of filmmakers have confirmed their presence besides textile exporters and tour operators.
efforts are being made to motivate filmmakers to explore the northeast as a shooting destination.
a policy to promote filmmaking in the region will also be discussed at the event, shyamkanu mahanta, the chief organiser of the festival, said.
the daylong event will feature two sessions.
the morning session, titled make in north east as a part of the centre's make in india initiative, will promote the region as a viable investment destination.
the session will be presented by cii with support from the department of industrial policy and promotion under ministry of commerce and industry, mahanta said.
doner minister jitendra singh will be the chief guest of the session.
representatives from the assam industries department will showcase the state as a destination for non-polluting industries.
representatives from the eight northeastern states will present and interact with industrialists.
officials from companies such as godrej, taj group of hotels, hindustan unilever will share their experiences of investment in the northeast.
infrastructure companies such as shapoorji pallonji, il&fs among others will make presentations on their projects in the region, he said.
ranjit barthakur, chairman of the organising committee, said, the initiative is expected to bring investment to the northeast as companies have already shown interest to participate and explore the northeast as a destination.
the evening session will feature music, dance, fashion, food and handicrafts of the region.
mangka-laihui ensemble from imphal, rida and musicals from meghalaya, a bihu medley by samrat ranjit gogoi and a performance by violinist sunita khound are part of the cultural show.
designers of the region such as asha kazingmei, nabam aka and arita kashyap will feature in the fashion show.
mahanta said.
an exhibition, showcasing handloom and handicrafts products, will also be held.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has consented to be the chief guest.
nagaland chief minister t.r. zeliang, meghalaya chief minister mukul sangma, chief secretaries of arunachal pradesh, mizoram, tripura and top officials of sikkim and manipur will also be present at the festival, he said.
mumbai, may 28 (pti): voting in the palghar and bhandara-gondia lok sabha bypolls in maharashtra was on monday marred by reported malfunctioning of evms in some booths.
bharip bahujan mahasangh leader and former mp prakash ambedkar said around 450 electronic voting machines (evms) malfunctioned.
besides, around 15,000 voters from mali ali, mavanda, navale and nandanvan villages in palghar's vasai tehsil boycotted polling, citing lack of developmental works in their area.
bahujan vikas aghadi leader hitendra thakur claimed that the entire election commission machinery is working on behalf of the bjp in palghar.
there were phone calls from the office of a local bjp functionary in palghar to housing societies about making arrangements for snacks and refreshments for member-voters, thakur said.
earlier, voting began at 7am and there was no untoward incident at any polling booth so far, police said.
voting will conclude at 4pm and the counting of votes will take place on may 31.
around 14 per cent polling was reported for the bhandara-gondia seat till 11am.
in palghar, around seven per cent electorate cast their votes till 9am.
in palghar, the bypoll was necessitated following the death of sitting bjp mp chintaman wanaga.
the bjp's bickering ally shiv sena has fielded the late mp's son, srinivas wanaga, in a bid to garner the sympathy vote.
the bjp has put up former congress minister rajendra gavit and the bahujan vikas aghadi is also in the fray with the nomination of its former mp baliram jadhav.
kiran raja gahla of the cpi-m, which has a base in talasari and dahanu areas, and former mp damu shingada (congress) are also contesting in a multi-cornered fight from the palghar seat, reserved for scheduled tribes (st).
the sena had earlier accused the bjp of distributing cash to voters.
during a rally, sena chief uddhav thackeray played an audio clip wherein chief minister devendrafadnavis purportedly exhorted the party cadre to win the elections by all means possible.
fadnavis had said the audio recording was doctored.
an editorial in the sena mouthpiece 'saamana' today said its nominee will win the palghar seat, despite the bjp roping in up chief minister yogi adityanath in the poll campaign.
lord ram will emerge from the ballot box, wielding bow and arrow (sena's symbol) and win this seat, it said.
the constituency includes extended suburbs of mumbai like vasai, virar, nalasopara and palghar in the newly-created palghar district.
in bhandara-gondia, the bjp and the ncp have locked horns in the bypoll, being held after the resignation of bjp mp nana patole.
patole, a leader of the powerful obc kunbi community, had switched side from the congress to the bjp and was elected as an mp from the constituency, located in the vidarbha region, in 2014 by defeating former union minister and ncp heavyweight praful patel.
the nationalist congress party, which has allied with the congress, has fielded former bjp lawmaker madhukar kukde, against bjp's hemant patle, who belongs to the powar community and is also a former legislator.
mumbai, nov.
2: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today allocated portfolios to his ministers without waiting for the alliance negotiations with the shiv sena to conclude.
he, however, refrained from allotting several key ministries that sena sources said they had made a pitch for.
among the major portfolios that the bjp chief minister, sworn in without an absolute majority on friday, has held on to are home, urban development, energy, environment, health and housing.
sena sources indicated that the home portfolio was still on the negotiating table and that the party had made a strong bid for it.
there are still some portfolios not allotted to anyone home, for instance.
we have been demanding that, a sena leader said.
during the talks with the bjp, the sena has continued to demand either the deputy chief ministers post or major portfolios such as home and revenue.
however, the revenue ministry was today given to eknath khadse, former leader of the opposition in the assembly and a chief ministerial aspirant.
khadse, whom the party is keen to compensate for the denied chief ministership, has also been handed charge of agriculture, state excise, minority development and wakf, and dairy development and fisheries.
sudhir munangtiwar, former state bjp president and a staunch nitin gadkari loyalist, has been given the finance, planning and forest ministries.
all the portfolios related to human resource development have been bunched and allocated to vinod tawde, former leader of the opposition in the legislative council.
these include school education and sports, higher and technical education, medical education, the marathi language and cultural affairs.
prakash mehta, six-time mla and the lone gujarati in the cabinet, has been given industries, mining and parliamentary affairs.
chandrakant patil, member of legislative council from kolhapur, has got the ministries of cooperation, marketing and textiles along with the public works department that includes public undertakings.
gopinath mundes daughter pankaja is minister for rural development, water conservation, and women and child development.
vishnu savara, six-time mla from the tribal belt of palghar, will look after tribal development, social justice and special assistance.
minister of state dilip kamble will assist him.
vidya thakur, former mumbai deputy mayor, will be junior minister in pankajas ministries.
soon after the portfolios were announced, pankaja and kamble travelled to javkheda village in ahmednagar where three members of a dalit family had been hacked to death last week.
they announced a compensation of rs 5 lakh for the family.
fadnavis left for hometown nagpur.
nagpur, dec.
11: the maharashtra government today announced a rs 7,000-crore package to provide short- and long-term relief to peasants across large parts of the state, particularly in the vidarbha and marathwada regions that have been reeling under drought-like conditions.
by the state's estimates, over 19,000 villages have recorded crop losses of 50 per cent or more.
fadnavis said this year's yields had been the lowest in a decade, an indication that farmers were facing an unprecedented cash crunch.
farm suicides across vidarbha and marathwada have been on the rise, according to reports, and the state's new bjp chief minister said the situation needed to be tackled immediately.
but we also need to fix the problems over the long term by improving our agriculture infrastructure and productivity, which is what i intend to do, fadnavis said.
the package includes an immediate relief of rs 3,925 crore, of which a part would be funded through central assistance as and when it is received.
maharashtra has demanded an aid of about rs 4,000 crore from the centre to tide itself over the scarcity this year and the central aid would be announced once the union government sends its own team to assess the final kharif (monsoon) and rabi (winter) yield.
as immediate measures, the government would waive farmers' electricity bills for september, october and november and repay rs 373 crore worth of loans they have taken from nearly 4,500 licensed private moneylenders.
nearly five lakh farmers from the affected areas have taken such loans, fadnavis said.
the immediate relief component also includes rs 884 crore for the horticulture sector spread across 2.
45 lakh hectares, rs 215 crore for payment of electricity bills, rs 425 crore for water supply and rs 163 crore for wells and private water bodies, he said.
the state government has already initiated steps to check illegal moneylending, the chief minister said, and asked farmers to lodge complaints with police to curb such practices.
fadnavis said rs 400 crore would be spent on tackling water shortage.
around 3,000 tankers will be deployed to supply water in drought-hit villages till the situation improves.
the package lays thrust on local-sector irrigation, such as community ponds and check dams.
together, the state intends to spend more than rs 6,000 crore over the next five years to achieve the ambitious target of bringing roughly six million hectares under protected irrigation.
in the last five years, the state government had spent rs 8,377 crore on giving compensation to farmers who had suffered because of natural calamities, such as drought-like conditions or incessant rain, but spent only rs 2,692 crore on agriculture development programmes.
the government will spend rs 34,500 crore over the next five years on creating basic agriculture infrastructure, including finishing incomplete irrigation projects.
instead of providing aid, we intend to end the drought, fadnavis said.
the government estimates that farm loans worth over rs 8,000 crore would remain unpaid by the end of this financial year.
it will bear the interest burden on unpaid loans to the tune of rs 450 crore.
sanjay k. jhakumar ketkarnew delhi: the bjp has fielded an additional rajya sabha candidate in maharashtra, signalling what the congress fears are potential problems for its nominee kumar ketkar who should otherwise have been elected unopposed.
ketkar may well now be haunted by visions of the defection drama that preceded last year's gujarat rajya sabha elections, where sonia gandhi's political secretary ahmed patel just scraped through.
it was sonia gandhi who decided the candidature of ketkar, a veteran journalist who is not a party member but has been publicly defending the congress and opposing the sangh ideology.
six seats are up for grabs in maharashtra, whose house strength of 288 has been depleted by death and illness, leaving 41 votes as the winning number.
all the six candidates fielded till sunday - three from the bjp and one each from ally shiv sena, congress and the nationalist congress party - were expected to sail through without a contest.
but the bjp has now forced a vote with its last-minute nomination of the state women's commission chairperson, vijaya rahatkar, as its fourth candidate.
the bjp, which has 122 mlas, is barely in a position to get three candidates elected but the fourth has been brought in with a sinister design, a congress source said.
the congress had 42 votes but veteran patangrao kadam's death a few days ago and the indisposition of swarup singh naik have brought its effective strength down to 40.
the sena has 63 mlas, but the congress does not expect to receive its surplus votes despite the smaller partner's anger at the bjp.
besides, although ketkar has excellent personal relations with several sena politicians, his strident public stand against radical hindu politics could come in the way of an understanding.
the bjp cannot win the fourth seat even with the excess sena votes, but there are smaller parties and independents to tap.
the nationalist congress party's 41 votes will be good enough for its candidate vandana chavan.
former congress politician narayan rane is a bjp candidate, and at least two congress members - his son nitesh rane and an old loyalist - are expected to vote for him.
this means the congress can count on just 38 votes, 3 short of requirements.
the lone cpm member and the peasants and workers party of india's three legislators are inclined towards the congress and can make up the shortfall.
but the congress fears the bjp's famed manipulative skills.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has started calling the disgruntled among our legislators, a congress politician said from mumbai.
there are five or six members whose loyalties are suspect.
asaduddin owaisi's all india majlis-e-ittehadul muslimeen, which has two members, may balk at going with the bjp.
then there are seven independents.
but getting their support would need deft political management from the congress leadership.
