We welcome the demonetisation move.
digital payments will help fight corruption and proliferation of black money, said pm modi.
buoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister modi today said he was committed to root out corruption.
The government believes that this decision has been welcomed everywhere.
prem nath pandeynaik mahendra singh, 30, was serving at roughly 20,000 feet above sea level in siachen when prime minister modi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 last year.
GST, he said, will also check tax evasion and help in increasing the revenue of Centre as well as states.
prime minister narendramodi had announced the demonetisation of high denomination banknotes on november 8.
in a bid to promote digital transactions, modi said, for entrepreneurs dealing in such transaction, tax will be calculated at 6 per cent, not 8.
He added that the reason for long queues outside the banks is because of the same people joining the queue again at some places.
after the government's decision of withdrawing rs. 500 and rs. 1,000 banknotes to curb black money, corruption and counterfeit currency, arunjaitley said that higher-denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies.
modi said that immediately after coming to power in may last year, the bjp government constituted a special investigation team (sit) on black money and later enacted a black money (undisclosed foreign income and assets) and imposition of tax act, 2015.
A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir, Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh on Monday said despite the Narendra Modi governments claims, note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from Pakistan.
modi said demonetisation would curb terrorism, but it is maximum under his government, she said.
have been trying to analyse reasons for long queues,it has come to notice that same people are coming again at same place, das said.
(express photo by vishal srivastava)attributing demonetisation of higher denomination notes to the economic thinking of babasaheb ambedkar, uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath today said the centre displayed immense political willpower and courage in demonetising the currency notes of rs 1,000 and rs 500.
By-elections for four Lok Sabha seats - Cooch Behar and Tamluk in Purba Medinipur district in West Bengal, Shahdol in Madhya Pradesh and Lakhimpur in Assam will be held on November 19.
while announcing the demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi had asked holders of such notes to deposit or exchange them in banks till december 30.
jain said there would be a distance of 400 meters between two water atms which could be adjusted according to the convenience of people.
To mitigate their hardship, the RBI has started distributing high security Rs 500 notes from yesterday.
devoting considerable attention to demonetisation and its aftereffects, arunjaitley said the surplus liquidity in the banking system created by the note ban decision will lower borrowing cost and increase access to credit.
new delhi/kolkata/lucknow: with his government under opposition fire over demonetisation both within and outside parliament, prime minister modi has asked bjp mps to publicise the benefits of the exercise and steps taken for mitigation of their problems.
slamming congress and left parties for focusing only on difficulties seen after demonetisation drive, jaitley said they were completely ignoring the economic and moral objectives behind the move.
participating in the debate, naresh agarwal (sp) said former prime minister manmohansingh , who was in the house, had earlier said that gdp growth will slowdown by 2 percentage points due to the impact of demonetisation.
all that modi said in 2014 is jumla  bringing back black money, giving employment to two crore people, implementing the recommendations of the swaminathan committee report to help resolve farmer woes.
prime minister modi had told a rally in agra yesterday said that political leaders behind multi-crore chit fund scams were attacking him because they had been hit hard by demonetisation, indirectly referring to mamata banerjee.
after the note ban, modi made honest and hardworking citizens to stand in queues outside banks, gandhi said.
The Congress has already decided to raise demonetisation as a poll issue.
economic affairs secretary subhashchandragarg said the reserve bank will increase five-fold the printing of rs 500 notes to about rs 2,500 crore a day to deal with the cash shortage.
speaking in a public rally in goa, a few days after announcing demonetisation on 8 november, 2016, prime minister modi had asked for 50 days from the people of india for note-ban related hardships to endit has been 100 days since modi announced the scrapping of 86  of indias currency in circulation.
we must make the transactions cost-effective and strengthen cloud servers on the bank side, andhra pradesh chief minister naidu , who heads the panel, said after submitting an interim report on digital payments to prime minister narendra modi.
referring to government's decision of demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, modi said the decision has not been taken to harass people but to help poor, marginalised and honest people.
prime minister narendramodi had announced the note ban on november 8 last year, and rjd chief lalu prasad on monday said the decision destroyed the country's economy.
das further said all government offices have been asked to use only digital payment methods for making payments to stakeholders, contractors and employees.
in last november, after the decision (demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes) to fight black money and corruption, many lies were hurled, rumours were created and allegations were levelled that everything will disintegrate now and the economy will finish, modi said.
sharing the pain and miseries of the people are facing due to demonetisation of high value currency notes, modi said that history would not remember which prime minister enforced demonetisation but it would certainly remember how the people fought war on black money braving all troubles.
in response, attorney general mukul rohatgi said that there is no shortage of funds as rs 100 notes are in circulation and the atms needed to be re-calibrated to issue new currency notes of rs 500 and rs 2,000.
finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said demonetisation resulted in formalisation of economy and increased tax base, prompting the government to earmark more resources for the poor and infrastructure development.
gujarat leads the pack in seizures of fake rs 2,000 notes between november 9 last year, a day after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, and march 7 this year, followed by delhi and karnataka.
In a letter to Chief Election Commissioner Nasim Zaidi, Amarinder said that, given the time constraints, the matter needed urgent attention of the EC and the RBI, to facilitate fair play of democratic processes.
(source: pti photo)stating that demonetisation has had no impact on gdp, prime minister modi citing testimonials by apple chief tim cook, microsoft founder bill gates, world bank chief kristalina georgieva, nobel laureate for economics muhammad yunus and others, on tuesday said that the world was looking at the bold move with a lot of respect.
the mother-son duo should not forget that it was due to the demonetisation that several shell companies were busted and because of this, your company was caught, modi said.
asked whether he would support yoga guru baba ramdev in his fight against black money and corruption, nitishkumar said every person has the right to express his views in a democratic manner, which is a step in the right direction.
modi also said that political and business leaders globally have supported the demonetisation move.
being a delhi girl, i challenge you to fight the last two phases of the lok sabha elections on the issues of demonetisation, gst, women's security and the false promises made to people of the country, priyanka gandhi had said during the roadshow.
cash crunch: finance minister arunjaitley said the temporary shortage in certain states is being tackled quickly and that there is more than adequate currency in circulation.
reacting to congress claim that note ban brought hardship to the farmers, arunjaitley said the opposition should stop bringing in farmers on every issue.
saying that he supports digital payment, chidambaram also said that high value transitions should be digital but we should not force grocer to accept card payment.
He added that the reason for long queues outside the banks is because of the same people joining the queue again at some places.
bhubaneswar: union finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said prime minister narendra modi has created a 'new normal' for the country's economy by breaking all the stereotypes of the past through his demonetisation move.
(File Photo)Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the currency is in surplus and the ministry is monitoring status of ATMs on a daily basis to sort out operational issues.
The DEA Secretary revealed that the finance ministry has received reports of many trying to convert their black money by sending people in groups to swap currency at bank counters.
There may even be riots, observed a bench of Chief Justice TS Thakur and Justice A R Dave.
officers said this was the biggest haul of scrapped notes in the calcutta police area since prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of the two categories of notes on november 8.
on november 8 (when modi announced demonetisation) modiji told you that i am your pm and listen to my mann ki baat.
not much has been done to address the adverse impact of demonetisation, naveenpatnaik said and added that specific concerns of odisha relating to development of kbk region, opening of bank branches in unbanked gram panchayats and meeting of developmental aspirations of scs and sts have not addressed.
it is january 12, 2017, 66 days since prime minister modi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
after december 30 scheme (the last date for depositing demonetised notes) if you feel that there will be no action, there is no guarantee that something new will not be introduced to punish you (thikane lagane ke liye), modi said.
In future, the proportion of hard currencies in India is set to become less just like the other developed nations.
agra, nov 20, 2016 (pti) 18:32 istprime minister narendramodi today said political leaders behind multi-crore chit fund scams are attacking him as they have been hit hard by demonetisation, in remarks seen as sharp attack on west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee.
now there will be less cash transaction and an increase in digital currency, jaitley said.
so more black money will not be generated, modi said in an interview to network 18.
referring to demonetisation, modi said he will not stop until and unless he recovers the black money and said it was congress which has a problem with the ban.
Rs 1,000 currency notes to be back soon: CentreNew Delhi, November 11,2016, DHNS: 0:58 ISTThe Union government plans to re-introduce Rs 1,000 currency note with a new design and additional security features once the dust settles on the decision to demonetise high denomination bank notes.
say 'yes to digital payment, no to cash': pm modi in a fresh push towards digital payments, prime minister modi on thursday told businesses to shun cash and go digital to bring transparency and root out black money.
dubbing demonetisation as a shameless flop show, mamatabanerjee asked the common people to rise in protest even as tmc activists staged dharnas in front of rbi office in kolkata as well as cbi office besides many places in the districts in west bengal.
after that, the sufferings of the masses will lessen, and the real problems will begin for those handful of people indulging in corruption and black money hoarders, modi said.
Citing an example, Rohatgi said petrol pumps deposited mostly Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes in banks when the exemptions were allowed.
a shift to digital payments has huge benefits for the common man it has a transformative impact in terms of greater formalisation of the economy and mainstreaming of financial savings into the banking system, arunjaitley told parliament.
asked whether his criticism of the centre appeared to be hypocritical, given that the telugu desam party (tdp), of which he is the president, had been part of the national democratic alliance (nda) government till march this year, babu said, i was against the demonetisation of the high-value currency notes, and said so after the move was announced.
Obviously there is some inconvenience for a couple of days or a couple of weeks, but that cannot be an alibi that India continues to live (with black money and parallel economy), Jaitley said".
vijayawada: the decision of demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 currency would help both the centre and states garner more revenue, but the black money hoarders would search for alternatives to protect their illegal money and the centre should be well prepared to deal with it, finance minister ram said here on friday.
patna, may 5: the rjd has raked up the issue of demonetisation again, even though its ally jdu's chief nitishkumar had said the note ban had found resonance among the poor.
indias economic growth of 7  during october-december has sparked a debate on how output grew so fast at a time when the country was facing its biggest-ever cash crunch after prime minister modi announced on november 8 the demonetisation exercise, which weeded out 86  of the currency notes in circulation.
kochi: chief economic advisor ram has said demonetisation can be called successful only if the amount of currency in circulation comes down over time and there is an increase in tax compliance.
it would be good if the banks make some arrangements to ensure smaller denomination notes are made available in atms.voicing similar opinion, subitha kumar from shantinagar said, we have been struggling ever since prime minister modi announced the demonetisation.
admitting that demonetisation has affected finances of the state, finance minister ram said that there is a decrease in tax revenues for the last four months -- from november, 2016 to february, 2017.
normalcy has returned to the currency system post demonetisation and the pace of cash withdrawls has come down, said r gandhi who retired as deputy governor of reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday and was in charge of the currency management division.
agreeing to the fact that jan dhan accounts had been misused by high and mighty to convert their black money into white, akhileshyadav said even his government was against such corruption.
in remarks apparently aimed at former reserve bank governor raghuram rajan, who friday blamed the goods and services tax roll-out along with demonetisation for lower gdp growth, arunjaitley said the economy recovered fast from the limited disruptionist impact of the tax reform.
to be honest, even december and january was good, but there were few sectors in which industries like hindustan unilever and others saw a decline because of demonetisation but the trend now is upwards, said modi , president, federation of telangana and andhra pradesh chambers of commerce and industry (ftapcci).
captain amarindersingh says, nri money has come in despite demonetisation through some channels, but, i am more concerned with the ideology of the extreme left and the khalistanis who are supporting the aap.
prior to november 8, the day prime minister narendramodi announced scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 banknotes, around rs 13,000 crore was fed daily into the countrys 220,000 atms.read | 50 days of demonetisation: atm queues shorter but ripples to remain in januarythough cash situation is better, queues can still be seen outside several atm kiosks, primarily due to withdrawal restrictions  rs 4,500 per day and rs 24,000 a week.
it is a fact that perhaps the demonetisation process, as was pointed out, it may cause a momentary setback or momentary slowdown (to india's exports)," commerce secretary rita teaotia said.
New Delhi, Nov 14, 2016, PTI: 14:02 ISTAllaying fears of shortage, the Finance Ministry today said there is enough cash in the system and delivery channels are being augmented across the country to help cash-starved citizens.
However, with effect from tomorrow individuals can exchange invalid 500 and 1,000 rupee notes totalling Rs 2,000, as against Rs 4,500 earlier, only once till December 30.
on demonetisation, pranabmukherjee said the move may have led to a temporary slowdown in the economy, but would bring more transparency into the system.
modi said this was necessary to combat corruption, black money and terror funding.
in his television address, modi had said: honest citizens want this fight against corruption, black money, benami property, terrorism and counterfeiting to continue.
Q3 growth negates negative speculations about note ban impactNew Delhi, Feb 28, 2017, (PTI) 20:46 ISTElated at the GDP numbers, Finance Ministry today said the 7 per cent growth in the third quarter has negated the negative projections and speculations about the impact of demonetisation on growth.
indias economic growth of 7  during october-december has sparked a debate on how output grew so fast at a time when the country was facing its biggest-ever cash crunch after prime minister narendramodi announced on november 8 the demonetisation exercise, which weeded out 86  of the currency notes in circulation.
speaking about demonetisation, modi said it was not an unexpected jolt, as the government had given warnings over a period of one year to hoarders of black money to declare their assets and pay penalties.
The number of ATMs which will be recalibrated and which can dispense Rs 2,000 notes will be stepped up.
on the occasion, union minister m naidu said that the demonetisation was also a part of the digital india.
A large number of micro-ATMs will also be deployed across the country to facilitate disbursement of new currency.
With regard to the impact of demonetisation on rabi sowing, Das said the total sowing area so far is almost at par with last year and whatever shortfall has happened will be made good in the coming weeks.
(Source: File)In a stern warning to black money hoarders, the Finance Ministry today said those indulging in money laundering activities and converting their ill-gotten money into white will not be spared as law-enforcement agencies are already chasing such trails.
modi government will tackle black money issue: amitshah delhi, may 26, 2015, (ians) 11:23 istthe narendra modi-led central government is determined to tackle the black money issue, bjp president amitshah said here on tuesday.
The Centre had submitted an affidavit last week on the demonetisation move in the Supreme Court, saying it is an attempt to unearth black money stashed over the last seven decades.
in an address to the nation on december 8, 2016, prime minister modi had said the note recall was aimed at tackling corruption, black money, terror funding and fake currency.
Despite all odds, the people of the country have accepted this reality with enthusiasm and have shown greater maturity.
finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said it will be erroneous to attribute the sharp slowdown in economic growth in the fourth quarter of 2016-17 solely to demonetisation since several factors, including the global situation, pulled down the gdp growth to 6.
Expressing serious concern over the fallout of demonetisation in terms of its impact on the common people, Amarinder said his personal view was that its objective to eliminate black money was good, but implementation was poor.
The Prime Minister redefined the new normal though his bold initiative of demonetisation of high currency notes.
his plans were pushed back when prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8.
prime minister modi while announcing the demonetisation decision on november 8 had said there will be some inconvenience to people for the initial 50-day period after which the situation will ease out.
watch video | nitishkumar , sitaram yechury, kapil sibal in an engaging discussion at p chidambarams book launchcalling demonetisation a big blunder, chidambaram said it is possible that popular silence is being interpreted as popular support.
sack gandhi , says gandhi delhi, june 16, 2015, dhns 23:29 istcongress vice-president gandhi on monday asked prime minister narendra modi to sack external affairs minister gandhi swaraj for helping former ipl chief lalit modi who is the symbol of black money.
punjab congress chief captain amarinder singh on sunday asked prime minister narendra modi to waive farmers loans if he was serious about alleviating their woes following his demonetisation move.
long queues have been seen outsides banks since prime minister modi announced scrapping of banknotes of rs 500 and rs 1,000 to curb black money.
when you make comments on steps we are taking on black money, please honestly consider your track record, arunjaitley said attacking the congress whose vice president had last week alleged in lok sabha that the disclosure scheme was fair and lovely to allow conversion of black money into white.
expressing serious concern over the fallout of demonetisation in terms of its impact on the common people, amarinder said his personal view was that its objective to eliminate black money was good, but implementation was poor.
in his address, pranabmukherjee said that demonetisation has resulted in the temporary slowdown of the economy but as more and more transactions become cashless, it will improve the transparency of the economy.
bal thackeray would've backed demonetisation: pm to sena mpsmumbai, nov 22, 2016 (pti) 21:45 istamid shiv sena's growing criticism of centre's demonetisation move, prime minister modi today told the party mps had former party patriarch bal thackeray been alive, he would have supported the move.
the move had branded 86 per cent of the currency in circulation black money and everyone a criminal, he said adding when modi announced the plan it was expected that adequate arrangements would be made for dispensing new notes.
responding to a question on the present nda government bringing back black money, shashitharoor said what the current government has brought back is the money that the previous government was already in the course of getting back.
bal thackeray would've backed demonetisation: pm to sena mpsmumbai, nov 22, 2016 (pti) 21:45 istamid shiv sena's growing criticism of centre's demonetisation move, prime minister narendramodi today told the party mps had former party patriarch bal thackeray been alive, he would have supported the move.
hitting back at singh, who had called demonetisation an organised loot and legalised plunder, modi said, he (manmohan) had perfected the art of bathing under a shower with raincoat on and so there was no blot on him despite all the scams that occurred during his tenure.
the contraction in industrial production in december as per the latest data is the fallout of demonetisation and expansion is expected in the coming months, finance minister arunjaitley said on friday.
