;;0.0;;responding to his call on doing away with protectionism, finance minister arunjaitley said as the usd 2.
;;-0.4767;;normally, it is the least developed and developing economies which have a tendency to cry for protectionism and that is a voice that's almost not heard in india, jaitley said.
;;0.8979;;gift a model for smart cities :fmnew delhi, april 14, 2015, dhns 0:22 istthe gift (gujarat international finance tec-city) in gujarat deserves to be emulated for effectively setting up a smart city with no cost to the exchequer, finance minister arunjaitley on monday said in a facebook post.
;;0.0;;all financial sector activities, which include banking, insurance, capital market operations, intermediaries from all over the world, are going to be located in the city, jaitley said.
;;0.0;;for this, it is proposed to launch a pan-india programme, 'digital india', said finance minister arunjaitley during his budget speech.
;;-0.2732;;jaitley said the government expects a revenue of rs 45,471 crore from communication services, including proceeds from three sets of spectrum frequencies and related charges, in this financial year.
;;0.7184;;will boost investment in infrastructure, manufacture in 2015: jaitleynew delhi, dec 31, 2014, (ians) 10:57 istthe government will encourage public and private investment in infrastructure and manufacturing sectors, finance minister arunjaitley said wednesday making his new year resolution on a social networking website.
;;0.6597;;tax from ids to cushion spectrum auction shortfall: jaitleynew delhi, oct 10 (pti) 19:53 isttax collected under the country's biggest black money disclosure will help cushion revenue shortfall from the sale of telecom spectrum and help manage the fiscal situation, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
;;0.0;;jaitley said one category of spectrum, 700 mhz band, didn't find any buyers, but the total amount of radiowaves sold from other frequencies was highest ever.
;;0.4019;;jaitley said the bjp-led government has in the last two- and-half years taken steps to curb black money and the first decision it took after assuming office was to constitute the special investigating team (sit).
;;0.0;;on the goods and services tax (gst), jaitley said the target date for rollout of the new indirect tax regime is april 1.
;;0.296;;jaitley said the disinvestment proceeds this year, after including into account share buybacks by psus, will probably achieve a much higher disinvestment figure than ever in history.
;;0.0;;congratulating finance minister arunjaitley for his maiden budget, the prime minister said the budget was an effort to make india skilled and digital by using latest technology.
;;0.0;;jaitley, who met a host of investors on his nine-day trip to the us, has said the reforms push would continue with the government taking measures to make india a business-friendly country by removing archaic laws hindering investment.
;;0.0;;in the final decisions of the government, you should talk in one voice and it should be one decision, jaitley said.
;;0.0;;finance minister arunjaitley said the vgs has become the country's principle economic summit and other states, including madhya pradesh and west bengal have begun organising summits events.
