;;-0.4215;;the former cm said he had raised the issue in the state legislature, seeking details of the mous signed, but had got no reply from the government.
;;0.4588;;fadnavis said plans to ensure ease of doing business was essentially to cut down on inordinate delays because of complex procedures and multiple rules, which often are overlapping.
;;0.8271;;saying it was a proud moment to witness the signing of the deal with cisco in san fransisco for nagpur as smart city, fadnavis said, it is my endeavour to smarten the whole of maharashtra.
;;0.6486;;outlining the advantages of nagpur, which is geographically at the centre of india, the cm said the metro project has been sanctioned and the first indian institute of information and technology has been approved.
;;0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has clearly said that even those cities which have failed to make it to smart city project would be seriously considered under state-driven smart city project, a senior official said.
;;0.0;;this facility will be provided through a mobile application and digital payment gateway by the year end, chief minister devendrafadnavis said saturday.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said, we will launch a mobile application and a payment gateway.
;;0.802;;fadnavis said,the visit to china is special in terms of promoting economic interest through bilateral trade and relations, and reviving ancient bonds based on culture and trade.
;;0.4939;;human resources our strengthalluding to the fact that every third person in the world is either chinese or indian, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, human resources is our strength which we can capitalise on.
;;0.4404;;fadnavis said, i am pleased with the outcome of the meeting with microsoft ceo satya nadella.
;;0.0;;6:00 pm: cm fadnavis says : will make mumbai an international financial services centre.
;;0.0;;5:45 pm: cm fadnavis says, sterlite to invest $10 bn dollars in ten years in maharashtra.
;;0.8074;;5:40 pm: starting of business is hassle free in maharashtra: fadnavis5:35 pm: maharashtra is a powerhouse of india: fadnavis5:30 pm: cm fadnavis says make in india has created a fair competitive atmosphere.
;;0.4767;;fadnavis said maharashtra will identify spare infrastructure to be converted into skill development centres to offer effective delivery of trainings under pradhan mantri kaushal vikas yojana.
