;;0.4588;;speaking at the inauguration of the recently refurbished sir harkisondas nurrotamdas reliance foundation hospital in south mumbai, modi said investment in manufacture of medical equipment would benefit the average indian patient.
;;0.4215;;during his visit to london in november last year, the pm had said he wanted to make india a country where solar energy would be harnessed for a cleaner environment.
;;0.5267;;watch video: pm modi inaugurates make in india centre expohere are the highlights from make in india week7:15 pm: the formation of company law tribunal is at the final stage, soon we shall be put in place an effective ipr policy and patent regime-pm modi7:11 pm: want investors to make india their workplace and home, says pm modi.
;;0.7179;;7:10 pm: want to give our industry some friendly advice, do not wait, do not relax there are immense opportunity in india- pm modi7:09 pm: govt will focus on renewable energy, says pm modi.
;;0.0772;;7:08 pm: want our youth to become job creators instead of job seekers, says pm modi.
;;0.6369;;6:48 pm: formation of company law tribunal in final stage; ipr policy and patent regime put in place: pm6:47 pm: pm modi says: launched make in india to create employment opportunities in india.
;;0.0;;6:45 pm: pm modi says:we are working to make india a global manufacturing hub.
;;0.6597;;(source: ap photo)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked indian professionals in germany to act as a bridge between the two countries to help pitchfork india as a global manufacturing hub, promising a conducive atmosphere for it.
;;0.296;;share this article related article modi in germany highlights: looking for quantum jump in economic ties, says pmmodi in germany highlights: looking for quantum jump in economic ties, says pm india joins forces with eu for skill india missionindia joins forces with eu for skill india mission mapping pm modi's foreign trips: 26 countries in 2015, 3 so far in 2016; now off to iranmapping pm modi's foreign trips: 26 countries in 2015, 3 so far in 2016; now off to iran pm narendramodi takes another jibe at upa; says it's time to 'act east'pm narendramodi takes another jibe at upa; says it's time to 'act east' $100 bn foreign investments knocking at india's doors: pm narendra modi$100 bn foreign investments knocking at india's doors: pm narendramodi make in india: substitute imports, aim for export leadershipindian professionals in germany can become a bridge between india and germany to realise our objective of making india a manufacturing hub, modi said.
;;0.8201;;in candid remarks, modi said, we are hercules in our country but when we go out we come to realise many things and we are inspired to compete and achieve greater heights.
;;0.7118;;speaking from the ramparts, pm modi said: today on this special day, i convey my greetings to 125 crore indians and the indian community living overseas.
;;0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi announced the start-up india initiative, which would encourage entrepreneurship among the youth of india.
;;0.8271;;(ap photo)prime minister narendramodi today announced a new campaign start-up india; stand up india to promote bank financing for start-ups and offer incentives to boost entrepreneurship and job creation.
;;0.4019;;the initiative, modi said, would give a new dimension to entrepreneurship and help in setting up a network of start-ups in the country.
;;0.4215;;patel united this country with his political will, modi said before flagging of the run for unity.
;;-0.296;;there should be no discrimination on the basis of caste or creed, village and city, modi said.
;;0.6705;;modi, who is on his second visit to japan since taking over as prime minister in 2014, said that he hopes to boost economic and cultural ties between the two countries.
;;0.7096;;(source: pti photo)asserting that results of the reforms undertaken by his government were visible, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said the country has transformed into one of the most open economies in the world with a strong growth rate.
;;0.4019;;the results are clearly visible, modi told the brics business council as part of the eighth summit of the five-nation grouping here.
;;0.3612;;modi said there were a slew of matching priorities between the business council and that of his administration, including dismantling trade barriers, promoting skills development, establishing manufacturing supply chains and infrastructure development.
;;0.4588;;on achievement of brics, modi said the footprint of intra-brics engagement has expanded over time to include large areas of economic activity.
;;0.0;;modi said transforming the quantum and quality of trade and investment should be a priority.
;;0.4215;;continuing his drive to directly connect with the beneficiaries of his governments pet schemes, prime minister narendramodi today said he will on june 20 speak to farmers on issues concerning them and the agriculture sector.
;;0.0;;during this interaction, modi said he would be speaking to farmers on june 20 on developments and advancements in the agriculture sector.
;;0.5598;;your cscs will become so powerful (agents of delivery)that pm of the country will talk directly to villages, via the three lakh cscs, modi said.
;;0.6597;;(source: ap photo)with slew of measures putting back the economy on track, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said reforms are just a way station to transforming india and vowed to provide a transparent and predictable tax regime as well as protection to intellectual property rights.
;;0.4939;;we have entered, for the first time, into a monetary framework agreement with the reserve bank to curb inflation, modi said.
;;0.6597;;while confidence within and outside the country has increased, the imf and world bank have expressed even betterhope for the indian economy this year and after, modi said.
;;0.4588;;modi said the index of industrial production (iip) has shown a distinct improvement over the previous year.
;;0.0;;modi said maximum focus of the government is on building futuristic infrastructure.
;;0.3612;;calling india and asean natural partners, modi said aseans ten member countries form an economic powerhouse and have emerged as one of the largest economic zones in the world.
;;0.6249;;i promise to give a sonar bangla to you, modi said amid thunderous applause.
;;0.4019;;trashing for the first time attempts by regional parties to forge a third front, modi said the legacy of the third front was evident in the eastern parts of the country.
;;-0.6597;;modi claimed illegal infiltration from bangladesh had hurt the opportunities available to local bengali youth and this was forcing them to migrate to other states in search of jobs.
;;0.2023;;and finally, pranabda is there as the president at the top, modi said.
;;0.0;;both modi and singh said the bjp would contest all 42 seats in the state on its own.
;;0.0;;modi said retrieving black money from foreign countries was an ongoing process and would take some time.
;;-0.2008;;a nation which is divided because of reasons like caste and religion cannot achieve great things, pm modi said.
;;0.34;;read | pm modi independence day speech: transparency seems to be the highlight, pm says processes simplifiedheres the full text of prime minister narendramodi speech: you also can read the highlights here.
;;0.0;;guru govind singh ji said one thing very aptly.
;;0.4404;;in his monthly mann ki baat address, modi said three ministries of his government have launched the swachh bharat summer internship, 2018 to engage youths with swachhata work in villages.
;;0.2144;;modi said the internship programme not just sought to boost the cleanliness campaign, but also instill a sense of fulfillment among participants.
;;0.5106;;noting that india had carried out nuclear tests on buddha purnima on may 11, 1998, when bjp stalwart atal bihari vajpayee was the prime minister, modi said youths need to imbibe vajpayees mantra of jai vigyan (hail science) to make india modern and strong.
;;0.5719;;modi said his government had spent rs 32,000 crore annually, outside the mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee act budget, that benefitted 150 lakh acre land in the past three years.
;;0.4588;;drawing from the teachings of prophet mohammad, the pm said he believed in knowledge and compassion.
;;0.836;;his (the prophets) life taught people to walk the path of equality and brotherhood, modi said, adding that even lord buddha believed in peace, harmony and brotherhood and these values were needed the most in the world today.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had announced the partnership between the two countries during his visit to the uk in november 2015.
;;0.0;;i see a lot of scope for tourism in chhattisgarh, pm modi said while speaking at the chhattisgarh foundation day event in naya raipur.
;;0.0;;modi, who is on his second visit here since becoming the prime minister in may 2014, said that in 2015, the indian economy grew faster than other major economies and the world bank and imf assess this trend to continue.
;;0.4215;;if the us had people from all over the world within its borders, modi said indians are everywhere contributing to progress across the world.
;;0.6249;;i promise to give a sonar bangla to you, modi said amid thunderous applause.
;;0.4019;;trashing for the first time attempts by regional parties to forge a third front, modi said the legacy of the third front is evident in the eastern parts of the country.
;;-0.6597;;modi claimed illegal infiltration from bangladesh had hurt the opportunities available to local bengali youth and this was forcing them to migrate to other states in search of jobs.
;;0.2023;;and finally, pranabda is there as the president at the top, modi said.
;;0.0;;digital india has checked black money and black marketing and uprooted middlemen, modi said.
;;0.0772;;saying that he was ridiculed when he first pitched for digital payments, modi said the experiences narrated by the beneficiaries were a befitting reply to such naysayers.
;;-0.1779;;such conspiracies will be hatched as the government has created problems for middlemen, the pm said.
;;-0.3612;;stressing that digital india was about 4 es  education, employment, entrepreneurship, and empowerment, modi said from booking rail tickets to paying bills and availing government services digitally, people were being empowered.
;;-0.3612;;stressing that rupay was bringing a revolutionary change in digital payments, modi said the card was also being used abroad and narrated how he used it to buy some items on his visit to singapore.
;;0.4588;;the pm further said the national knowledge network had linked over 1,700 educational and research institutions, libraries, academicians, government officials and more than 5 crore students while the citizen engagement platform mygov had 60 lakh volunteers.
;;0.3818;;modi also said the network of about three lakh common service centres (cscs), which act as access points for delivery of digital services, had bolstered employment and entrepreneurship opportunities, thus empowering citizens.
;;0.7184;;calling the last four years a victory for vikaas, vishwaas and janta (development, trust and people), modi said, mothers are freed from smoke in their kitchens due to ujjwala yojana.
;;-0.3182;;this was not sabka saath sabka vikas, modi said, adding that the northeast did not fall for vote bank politics, which is why it was ignored.
;;-0.128;;hitting out at the jd(s)-congress coalition in karnataka, where the bjp couldnt form a government despite emerging as the single largest party, modi said, those who think of family first and are sworn enemies have all come together.
