;;-0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi has repeatedly said that the long neglected northeast is one of his focus areas.
;;0.4939;;earlier, prime minister narendramodi , while delivering the keynote address, said that data is the real wealth.
;;0.7351;;the global flow of data is creating big opportunities as well as challenges, prime minister modi had said.
;;0.0;;talking about social media, prime minister modi said, the example of breaking, addition, and twisting of technology is being seen in the form of social media.
;;0.0;;at the facebook q&a, modi said that he wanted to catapult india into a $20 trillion economy (at present our economy is pegged at $2 trillion).
;;0.4404;;the pm says his government will improve this.
;;0.0;;modi in his election campaign said the government should not be in business.
;;0.8658;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi today asked youngsters to join the 'swachh bharat summer internship 2018' launched by his government and announced incentives, including credit point by the ugc, for participants, saying it is an opportunity for those who want to make a change in the society.
;;0.5106;;noting that india had carried out nuclear tests on buddha purnima on may 11 in 1998, when bjp stalwart atal bihari vajpayee was prime minister, modi said youths need to imbibe vajpayee's mantra of 'jai vigyan' (hail science) to make india modern and strong.
;;0.8481;;not just that, those interns who accomplish their tasks well will be awarded two credit points each by the ugc , modi said.
;;0.0;;his life taught people to walk the path of equality and brotherhood, modi said.
;;0.836;;lord buddha believed in peace, harmony and brotherhood and these values are needed the most in the world today, modi said.
;;0.2023;;modi told them that reform in governance was his top priority and that he was all for simplified procedures, speedy decision-making, transparency and accountability.
;;0.5994;;addressing a huge gathering, modi said, all of you who have gathered here today are power houses of knowledge, innovation and enterprise.
;;0.0;;modi asked that khagaul to be pinpointed on google earth when he was given a glimpse of the unique tool.
;;0.1027;;it is a visit to google guru, modi said as he reached its campus from nearby facebook headquarters.
