;;0.4019;;the indigenous warship is now being handed over to the country and this work will send a message of work and wisdom around the globe, modi said at the commissioning ceremony.
;;0.0;;kanchan gupta (@kanchangupta) august 15, 2014wearing a cream short-sleeved kurta and a saffron turban, modi announced an initiative for villages called sansad aadarsh gram yojna where he asked each mp to select a village in his constituency and convert it into a model village by 2016.
;;0.5927;;you will find an environment that is not only open, but also welcoming, modi said at a meeting organised by the us india business council (usibc), cii, ficci and the governments department of industrial policy and promotion (dipp).
;;0.872;;it will nurture innovation and protect your intellectual property, the pm said.
;;-0.34;;we will now soon address the remaining uncertainties, modi said.
;;0.3818;;2 billion connected indians drive innovation; technology ensures the citizen-government interface is incorruptible, modi said.
;;0.8712;;modi also announced a slew of digital programmes  digital lockers to store documents, e-sign using aadhaar, e-hospital systems, national scholarship portal, centre of excellence on internet on things (iot) and a high-speed digital highway  that aims to make government services more efficient, easily accessible and hassle-free.
;;0.5423;;sharma was in mumbai, at forbes magazines award function, when prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation drive.
;;-0.1027;;read | allahs 99 names, terror: what pm modi said at world sufi forumon the ground level, the virtual crackdown on foreign-funded ngos is in sharp contrast to a welcome board for fdi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday said that india and singapore, which he termed a a bridge between india and south east asia , are building a partnership of our age.
;;0.7096;;it is a natural partnership from a shared vision, modi told the indian diaspora at a business and community event at marina bay sands convention centre.
;;0.0;;modi said the two nations speak in one voice at international forums.
;;0.0;;a new india is taking shape, modi said.
;;0.7506;;india has huge potential to become a manufacturing hub: modi to nris in berlinlinking india's economic progress to national self-respect, modi said on monday night that the country has huge potential of becoming a manufacturing hub and asked indian professionals in germany to act as a bridge between the two countries.
;;0.3506;;if we lose this opportunity, we will regret later, modi told nris while addressing a reception hosted in his honour.
;;0.6808;;addressing indian professionals working in berlin, the pm said they should show enthusiasm and become a bridge between india and germany to help realise our objective of making india a manufacturing hub.
;;0.1027;;modi told top german businessmen and industrialists not to go by old perceptions but to come to india and feel the change in the regulatory environment.
;;0.5994;;we must and will make corrections wherever (they are) required, modi said to cheers of the gathered audience that included top ceos of companies from both the countries.
;;0.5994;;demography, democracy and demand are attracting the world to india, said modi after inaugurating the india pavilion at the hannover messe, the world's largest industrial fair in which india is the partner country, with merkel.
;;0.0;;not only germany, the whole world is looking at india, modi said.
;;0.9413;;make in india lion is a symbol of new india: modi at india pavilionsaying that the make in india lion was a symbol of new india and a national movement, modi told the audience at the hannover messe that his government has moved with speed, resolve and boldness to create a stable economic environment, including by opening up fdi in insurance, defence and railways, building a stable tax regime and assured protection of intellectual property.
;;0.7964;;in his inaugural address, modi said, with merkel listening keenly, that all the credit rating agencies have spoken in one voice of optimism about india.
;;0.1531;;modi said on april 10 he had asked france to supply his air force with 36 rafale fighter jets, after years of wrangling over the deal.
;;0.6808;;exhorting the youth to become job creators, prime minister narendramodi said those with innovative ideas will get all possible help from the government.
;;0.3412;;referring to those who are planning on start-ups, modi said, do not worry.
;;0.3818;;then, you will be yourself capable of moving ahead, modi said.
;;0.6808;;talking about the central governments mudra scheme, skill india and startup india funds, modi said that there are sufficient platforms to help young entrepreneurs with innovative ideas.
;;0.4767;;congratulating isro scientists, modi said, isro scientists have made us proud yet again.
;;0.0;;59pm: modi asks people to turn on the flashlights on their phones, saying this a light of vigilance, shining light on congress misdeeds.
;;-0.4215;;58pm: modi says, in the coming days, congress will use every tactic and spread lies.
;;0.0;;55pm: we need a new karnataka to build a new india, says modi.
;;0.0;;51pm: modi says congress work culture is atkana, latkana and bhatkana.
;;0.0;;50pm: congress keeps asking what modi has done but it must tell the people of karnataka what its government has done in the last five years for the people of the state, pm says.
;;-0.4767;;45pm: modi says his government opened bank accounts for the poor and brought them in financial mainstream.
;;-0.7568;;35pm: modi says, rapists must not be forgiven.
;;0.0;;modi says congress leaders believe in photo ops and do not do anything for the countrys betterment.
;;0.0;;23pm: pm modi says that the congress president has pre-announced he will become the prime minister in 2019.
;;0.0;;only people can decide who will become the pm not naamdaars, says modi.
;;-0.5719;;15pm: modi says bidar is the land of anubhava mantapa of bhagwan basaveshwara, which spreads the messages of democracy, women empowerment, women participation and fighting social evils like casteism.
;;0.0;;i urge them to make more and more people aware of voting rights, says modi.
;;-0.4767;;10pm: at his rally, pm modi says, why does the congress need fake voter ids?
;;0.0;;we have used technology in the working of the government, which has helped bring transparency, modi says.
;;0.3182;;the truth seems to have come out, says pm, referring to siddaramaiahs gaffe on tuesday.
;;-0.5106;;people have rejected their politics, says modi.
;;0.5267;;they now question the judiciary and even call for impeachment of the chief justice, says pm modi.
;;-0.4215;;they are spreading lies that there would be a hung assembly in karnataka, says pm modi.
;;0.0;;53am: had ambedkar not written the constitution, a tea seller could not have been a prime minister, says modi.
;;-0.34;;50am: the congress has humiliated dr ambedkar, says the pm.
;;0.5499;;vajpayee became the pm thrice but did the party change the constitution or end reservation, asks modi.
;;0.0857;;42am: naamdaar culture in congress is not limited to delhi but also in every lanes, says modi.
;;-0.6124;;when tickets were sold, he said that congress will have to solve their money problem and also blamed the pwd minister for deal-making, says the pm.
;;0.0;;how will the big leaders who attend these meetings react to this sudden announcement by one naamdaar that he is going to be pm, says the modi.
;;0.5667;;this is simply nothing but arrogance, says the pm.
;;-0.4767;;those born with golden spoons will never understand the aspirations of the poor, says the pm.
;;0.0;;however, in the four years of the nda government, the remote control has been 125 crore people of the country, says the pm.
;;-0.3089;;karnataka does not need such a party in the government, says the pm.
;;-0.4168;;05am: congress has not done justice to the aspirations of the people of karnataka, says the pm.
;;0.3384;;02am: the country has figured out congress culture very well, says modi, urging people to vote the congress out in the may 12 elections.
;;0.0;;it will decide the future of karnataka, says modi.
;;0.0;;modi said in his maiden independence day speech as indias prime minister.
;;0.4588;;inaugurating the large india pavilion with german chancellor angela merkel and later addressing the indo-german business summit, modi said: i am here to assure the german companies that india is now a changed countryonce again i invite you to india.
;;0.6249;;detailing steps taken to ensure ease of business, modi said: the entire world is looking at india.
;;0.6808;;india should emerge as the human resource capital of the world, prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday while launching the ambitious skill india mission aimed at promoting entrepreneurship and equipping 500 million indians with skills by 2022 that would enable them to find jobs.
;;0.0;;that should be our target and we should lay emphasis on that, modi said addressing the launch event in new delhi.
;;0.3818;;modi said india has the potential to provide a workforce of about 4 to 5 crore to the world if the capabilities of the countrymen are honed through proper and dynamic training in skills.
;;0.34;;paytm welcomed the governments demonetization decision on november 9, hours after modi announced the recall of two high-value notes, issuing an advertisement which had the prime ministers photograph on it.
;;-0.4767;;dont look at this just as a government initiative, modi said, appealing to citizens to undo indias reputation of poor public hygiene.
;;-0.296;;i salute all those, who have worked, modi said in his address at his next stop rajpath.
;;0.4215;;if we can reach mars, we can clean india, the pm said.
;;0.3182;;recalling that he had congratulated all governments even from the ramparts of red fort, modi said,even today from this stage, i greet and salute all the governments--central, state and municipal, social organizations which have worked in this direction, whether they are leaders from sarvodaya or workers of seva dal.
;;0.6369;;replaying to a debate on motion of thanks to presidents address, modi told mps in the lok sabha that he intends to speed up research work in agriculture universities and take them from laboratories to farm lands that would lead to an increase in productivity.
;;0.0;;during the 7-minute interaction, modi asked her to explain how she helped people and how they are benefited under the digital india initiative.
;;0.9571;;following talks with the chinese premier, modi had said that both sides can work on improving bilateral relations by focusing on a shared vision, strong relationship, shared resolve, better communication and shared thought process.
;;0.4767;;so, earlier this month, when prime minister narendramodi announced a target of training 400 million indians to become skilled workers by 2022, it was an ambitious one for it would mean turning nearly 67  of the workforce into skilled workers.
;;0.0;;modi asked her the peoples reaction to digital programme.
;;-0.3919;;modi had announced a slew of new initiatives in the eight months since he assumed office but the government has not finalised a system to monitor the implementation and evaluation of these programmes which cut across ministries.
;;0.6361;;bhutan and india share a very special relationship that has stood the test of time, modi said before his departure for bhutan's capital, thimphu, which is nestled in mountains and was for centuries closed to outsiders.
;;0.0;;my india is in that imran khan from alwar, modi said in his address referring to the teachers unique achievementmore than 50 mobile apps which he has made for students.
;;0.8399;;modi asked twitter to help promote indias tourism potential and also talked about how the micro-blogging service can contribute in making the international day of yoga more vibrant.
;;0.0;;twitter should tap into indias linguistic diversity and offer services that would draw people from various linguistic backgrounds to twitter, modi said, according to a statement posted on his official website.
;;-0.7003;;modi, who invokes mixed reactions on social media between his followers and critics, also said, if all the abuses i receive are printed on a paper, entire premises of the taj mahal will be covered.
;;0.6249;;while modi had asked members of parliament to adopt villages, mungantiwar has announced the aamdar adarsh gram yojna (legislator ideal village scheme) for the state.
;;0.3612;;modi, who assumed office as pm in may last year, said, the ease of doing business in india is a prime concern for you and for us.
;;0.5106;;modi said the summit stood for inclusiveness - of small with big, of rich with poor, and of gut feelings with mature thoughts.
;;0.8834;;the pm said the world was displaying tremendous interest in india and this was a source of great strength.
;;0.0;;modi also announced design in india as part of his speech.
