;;0.5994;;speaking at the india singapore economic convention here, modi said india is exploring a potential partnership with singapore's changi airport for developments of two indian airports and invited companies here to join in building smart cities.
;;0.0;;efforts to deepen financial markets have been made, modi said.
;;0.9169;;while talking about 40 per cent increase in fdi and improvement in rankings like ease of doing business and world competitiveness index, modi said, perceptions are turning into positive outcomes.
;;0.4404;;i have also come to assure you that i am there to carefully hold your hands, modi said.
;;0.8221;;about his two-day visit, modi said, my visit has been very positive and productive and i had excellent meetings with singapore leaders.
;;0.0;;noting that singapore is india's tenth largest trade partner globally and second largest in asean, modi said the bilateral trade has risen manifold.
;;0.296;;modi also said that singapore could join in launch of rupee bonds in foreign countries.
;;0.4404;;referring to imf chief chrtistine lagarde's statement that india was a bright spot in the global economy, modi said he was here to personally deliver this message.
;;0.0258;;emphasising that money must reach the marginalised, modi said with this objective, 190 million new bank accounts have been opened.
;;0.4939;;noting that there has been a massive growth in the number of start-ups in the recent past, modi said some of them have begun to challenge established global players.
;;-0.128;;modi said there were a number of regulatory and taxation issues which were adversely impacting on investor sentiments.
;;0.4927;;modi said india has consistently been ranked as the most attractive investment destination by several agencies and institutions.
;;0.6808;;just in 18 months, the government has successfully restored india's credibility in the eyes of global players, modi said adding that soon after assuming power, fdi laws were liberalised.
;;0.0;;explaining that in the past, there used to be a big gap between people and the processes of governance, modi said the experience of his government was that there were many who wanted to contribute towards nation-building.
;;0.0;;modi, who is on his second visit here since becoming the prime minister in may 2014, said that in 2015, the indian economy grew faster than other major economies and the world bank and imf assess this trend to continue.
;;0.7269;;modi, who is on a three-day visit of japan aimed at pushing the bilateral relations, said, to those who are exploring (opportunities), i promise you that we are committed to further refine our policies and procedures to boost make in india.
;;0.6908;;in addition, modi said, there are futuristic infrastructure projects of second generation which include the dedicated freight corridor, the industrial corridors, high speed railways, smart cities, coastal zones and metro rail projects.
;;0.9217;;the very word 'japan' in india is a benchmark of quality, excellence, honesty and integrity, modi said and noted that japanese people have led the world in sustainable development with a deep sense of social responsibility and ethical behaviour.
;;0.5267;;our present is encouraging us to work together, modi said.
;;0.5267;;modi said in the last two financial years, india received about usd 55 billion as foreign direct investment, which is not only the highest ever fdi but also highest growth in fdi in india.
;;0.4939;;talking about the changes in rules and laws in india, modi said, we have successfully enacted a new legislation regarding goods and services tax (gst).
;;0.0;;the arbitration proceedings will now become faster as the arbitration law has been amended, modi said.
;;0.0;;modi said fdi equity inflows have gone up by 52 per cent in the last two years and india has gone up 19 spots on the world logistics performance index 2016 brought out by the world bank.
;;0.2023;;modi said india and japan has a number of skill development initiatives already underway and our partnership now extends to this crucial area of our priority.
;;0.8807;;underlining the importance of the visit, the excited modi said on the eve of the trip that japan has paramount importance in his vision for indias development and progress.
;;0.7964;;i am keenly looking forward to my visit to japan at the invitation of my good friend, prime minister shinzo abe, for the annual summit between india and japan, mr. modi said in his pre-departure statement.
;;0.7906;;it is also a reflection of japans paramount importance in my vision for development and prosperity in india and in peace, stability and prosperity in asia at large, mr. modi said.
;;0.0;;modi said he would discuss with abe the roadmap for global and strategic partnership in the years ahead.
;;0.0;;modi said.
;;-0.743;;modi said: since my government came to office, we attacked poverty by using power of networks and mobile phones to launch a new era of empowerment.
;;0.34;;modi said the government wants paperless transactions and announced plans to set up a digital locker for every citizen to store personal documents that can be shared across departments.
;;0.0772;;modi said: we want our 1.
;;0.6115;;modi said the government wants to turn villages into smart economic hubs and connect farmers better to markets and make them less vulnerable to the whims of weather.
;;0.8905;;inviting the tech giants, including google, microsoft, adobe and others to participate, modi said: so, from creating infrastructure to services, from manufacture of products to human resource development, from support governments to enabling citizens and promoting digital literacy, digital india is a vast cyber world of opportunities for you.
;;0.5423;;we have the responsibility to shape a future of peace, stability and prosperity in this region, modi said.
;;0.4585;;that is a quality, it's not a negative, modi said.
;;-0.7096;;i would feel guilty if i did something wrong, modi told reuters.
;;0.0;;modi says he rises at about 5 a.
;;0.0;;modi says he is tackling these issues.
;;0.3724;;nothing is wrong, modi told reuters.
;;0.0;;all the citizens, all the voters, are my countrymen, modi said.
;;-0.3818;;deliver on real time basis in infra sector, says pmaugust 26, 2015, new delhi, dhns 22:36 istafter the china-led shock to the stock market and indian investments, prime minister narendramodi has asked all infrastructure-related ministries to come up with time-bound results, commensurate to funds provided to them.
;;0.0;;teaming up with google, we will cover 500 railway stations in a short time, modi told the gathering of silicon valley ceos.
;;-0.0516;;this budget is a new ray of hope for the poor and downtrodden sections of society, modi said in his reaction to the union budget presented in the lok sabha.
;;-0.3291;;according to an official release, modi said the entire world had immense expectations from india and recalled how in the last decade, the entire economic system crumbled due to which not only india but also the world lost hope and there was an atmosphere of pessimism.
;;-0.765;;modi said the budget was arunoday (sunrise) for the last man in the queue, the poorest of the poor.
;;0.4939;;modi said the government was leaving no stone unturned in doing its duty to ensure the country's progress.
;;0.5574;;modi said measures for farmers such as krishi sinchai yojana would benefit them and help achieve the goal of per drop, more crop.
;;0.0516;;modi said the budget will give a ray of hope to the housewife burdened by rising prices.
;;0.4939;;modi said the strength of people will be channelised for taking india to new heights.
;;0.3818;;'digital india', an enterprise to transform india: modisilicon valley, sep 27, 2015, (pti) 11:18 ist'digital india' is an enterprise to transform india in a scale unmatched anywhere in the world and it has the potential to make development truly inclusive, prime minister narendramodi said today.
;;0.0;;modi, the first indian prime minister to visit silicon valley in more than three decades, said his government wants paperless transactions.
;;0.0;;25 billion citizens to be digitally connected, modi said, describing the steps taken by his government towards broadband connectivity.
;;0.7184;;dream to make india $20 trillion economy, says pm modi at facebook hqmenlo park (california), sep 27, 2015 (ians): 23:31 istprime minister narendramodi on sunday said he dreamt of making india a $20 trillion economy and that he was pleasantly surprised by the change of perception about his country in a short period of time.
;;0.7003;;my dream is for india to become a $20 trillion dollar economy, modi said, adding: amazing, how perception about india has changed in a very short time.
;;0.0;;modi said that in the last one to one-and-half years, the perception of india has changed a lot.
;;0.0;;technology has really helped the industry and has brought the world together, modi said.
;;-0.0377;;prompted by zuckerberg to talk about his experience of being an early adopter of internet in india, modi said: i did not have the privilege to become a very educated person growing up.
;;0.0;;you are associated with the service sector, and i have seen the power of it, modi said.
;;0.4543;;sharif's comments came after last month, while speaking at a public meeting in kerala held on the sidelines of the bjp national council meet, prime minister modi had said, i accept this challenge.
;;0.0;;india is one of the most open countries for fdi, modi said, adding that fdi inflows have gone up by 48 per cent since this government came to power in may 2014.
;;0.5267;;india is blessed with 3 'ds', democracy, demography and demand, to this we have added another d, deregulation, the pm said.
;;0.9432;;noting that youthful energy with 65 per cent of the population being under 35 is our greatest strength, modi said india launched the make in india campaign a year ago to create employment, self-employment opportunities for youth.
;;0.4215;;on the issue of safety of properties and rights, modi said: we have already enacted a law for fast-tracking of arbitration proceedings.
;;0.0772;;talking about the taxation, modi said that a number of corrections had been carried out.
;;0.296;;modi said that the government wants the share of manufacturing in the gdp to go up to 25 per cent in the near future.
;;0.0;;6 per cent, modi said.
;;0.9195;;with this background, i invite and encourage you to make india your work place and also your home, modi said, adding india was particularly keen to increase investments in next generation infrastructure including roads, ports, railways, airports, telecom, digital networks and clean energy.
;;0.3182;;increase in railway capital expenditure was the highest this year, modi said.
;;0.4019;;only this will realise the dreams of dr bhimrao ambedkar who advocated the need to move surplus labour from agriculture to other occupations, said modi.
;;0.8271;;addressing ceos forum here along with russian president vladimir putin, modi said his government is committed to a fair taxation regime and the efforts towards improving the ease of doing business would go on.
;;0.5719;;modi said russia can take advantage of 'make in india' initiative which would help the economies of both the countries.
;;0.3818;;modi said his government's endeavour would be to ensure liberal conditions for indian investors.
;;0.7096;;appreciating the interest shown by russian businessmen in delhi-mumbai industrial corridor, modi said they should also look at chennai-bangaluru and amritsar-kolkata corridors.
;;-0.1424;;russia has and will always be a vital and long-term partner, not only in energy and mineral resources, but also in cutting edge technologies, modi said, adding that the nature has destined us to work together.
;;0.0;;from hydrocarbons, the cooperation is now moving to the hardest form of carbon - diamonds, the pm said.
;;0.128;;speaking before a gathering of silicon valley ceos, modi announced plans to create more public wi-fi spots including at 500 railway stations across india and an aggressive expansion of the national optical fibre network to take broadband to 600,000 villages.
;;0.8316;;we will transform governance, making it more transparent, accountable, accessible and participative, modi said, adding that e-governance is foundation of better governance  efficient, economical and effective.
;;-0.7783;;modi said digital india was born out of conviction that it was possible to rapidly transform the lives of people on margins and touch the lives of the weakest, farthest and the poorest citizen of india as also change the way our nation will live and work.
;;0.765;;calling for bridging the digital divide and promote digital literacy, modi said in the same way that we seek to ensure general literacy, technology must be accessible, affordable and value adding.
;;0.0;;have seen your companies can work in this area, modi said.
;;0.0;;we can take this much further under your leadership, modi told razak.
;;-0.3597;;acknowledging that indias poor show in terms of ease of doing business was a matter of concern, modi said his government was working on the issue very seriously.
;;-0.5719;;modi claimed his government had been able to change the atmosphere of despair and uncertainty in just seven months.
;;-0.34;;modi, who assumed office as prime minister in may last year after bjp stormed to power with a huge mandate, said that the atmosphere of despair and uncertainty has gone away within a very short span of seven months.
;;0.0;;seeking to address concerns of investors, modi said, we are trying to complete the circle of economic reforms speedily.
;;0.0;;modi said people from more than 100 countries have gathered here under one roof for this summit.
;;0.6908;;it was a good opportunity for me, modi said.
;;0.0;;launching the initiative, prime minister narendramodi said digital india aims to transform the country into a digitally-empowered knowledge economy, where high speed highways unite the nation of 1.
;;0.0;;modi said, egovernance is going to change to mgovernance soon.
;;0.3612;;we want the share of manufacturing in our gdp to go up to 25 per cent in the near future, modi said, inaugurating the make in india week in mumbai.
;;0.0;;both within and outside the country, it has captured the imagination of people, institutions, industries, media and the political leadership, modi told a gathering of corporate leaders who had converged in mumbai from across the globe.
;;-0.2023;;new delhi, aug 15, 2014, (pti) 17:11 istsoviet-style planning commission will be scrapped soon, prime minister narendramodi announced today while unveiling his economic agenda inviting global businesses to make india their manufacturing base and launching a financial inclusion scheme for poor families.
;;0.0;;very soon this new institute will start working in place of planning commission, modi said.
;;0.0;;announcing the abolition of planning commission, modi said it was set up to cater to the needs of earlier times and has participated in its own way in the development of the country.
;;0.0;;if we have to take india forward, then states have to be taken forward, modi said.
;;0.0;;justifying the need to replace the commission, modi said: sometime it becomes necessary to repair a house.
;;0.6705;;further modi said india's young population have skill and talent which will help india in making the country a export hub of the world.
;;0.4325;;our underlying philosophy is clear: to create the climate for wealth generation and for that wealth to be spread to all indians, especially the poor, vulnerable, farmers, and disadvantaged communities, modi said in his address.
;;-0.4019;;modi said, amid global problems, india was a haven of macro-economic stability.
;;-0.0772;;modi says digital india is an enterprise for indias transformation on a scale that is, perhaps, unmatched in human history.
;;0.2732;;modi told the nri audience in san jose that 21st century could well be indias century.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi has announced his commitment for a digital india, and demonstrated it by recently visiting the silicon valley.
;;0.1779;;when we are capable, no one can dare challenge us, modi said while addressing naval officers and sailors at the naval dockyard here.
;;0.6808;;to ensure that india emerges even stronger, that our jawans do not feel there is something wanting in our capabilities vis-a-vis other countries in protecting our nation, the government wants to modernise the defence forces, modi said.
;;0.017;;modi said that india might have missed the industrial revolution, but would not miss the it revolution.
;;0.0;;modi said the second highest import in india was that of electronic goods which could be reduced through make in india and design in india initiatives.
;;0.2732;;thanking obama for the invitation, modi said he looks forward to a result-oriented visit in september with concrete outcomes that impart new momentum and energy to the strategic partnership.
;;0.2732;;while receiving the letter, modi said he looked forward to a result-oriented visit with concrete outcomes that impart new momentum and energy to india-us strategic partnership, the statement said.
;;0.9413;;articulating his vision for india-us relations, modi said that the relationship between the world's oldest and largest democracies should not only be for the benefit of the two countries, but should emerge as a powerful force of good for peace, stability and prosperity in the world.
;;-0.743;;speaking at the digital india dinner here, modi said: since my government came to office we attacked poverty by using power of networks and mobile phones to launch a new era of empowerment.
