;;0.5859;;indian digital economy is going to touch usd one trillion in next five years, giving enormous business scope for the it industry, with initiatives on good governance and faster delivery driving domestic demand, union minister ravishankarprasad said.
;;0.0;;25 billion-plus population, prasad said.
;;0.4404;;four crore mobile phones and six crore aadhaar have been linked to jan dhan accounts, which are leading to faster and good delivery of subsidies, prasad said.
;;0.0;;telecom and it minister ravishankarprasad said one of the primary focus areas of digital india is pillar 5: ekranti  electronic delivery of services.
;;0.0;;telecom and it minister ravishankarprasad said one of the primary focus areas of digital india is pillar 5: ekranti  electronic delivery of services.
;;0.0;;telecom and it minister ravishankarprasad said one of the primary focus areas of digital india is pillar 5: ekranti  electronic delivery of services.
;;-0.4767;;prasad said services being provided online include income tax, passport, immigration, core banking, pension grievance redressal, courts, police, rti, utility payments, licenses, social welfare schemes, agriculture, municipality, land record, vehicle registration, driving license, public distribution system etc.
;;0.0;;prasad said around 1.
;;-0.2023;;i would urge rahul gandhi not to subject army to petty politics, union minister ravishankarprasad told pti.
;;-0.2732;;responding to gandhis charges, prasad said that as far as equivalence part is concerned, the same has been in force since 1998-99.
;;0.0;;till the time the anomaly committee gives a recommendation, the payment of pension on percentage basis shall continue, prasad said.
;;0.0;;it minister ravishankarprasad said the national optical fibre network project, renamed as bharatnet, is one of the pillars of the programme, and through it, the government plans to establish a network infrastructure by connecting all 2.
;;-0.2263;;prasad said a state-of-the-art internet, future-proof network, including fibre between districts and blocks and with 5g services and internet of things era with underground ofc in ring architecture, is planned to be completed by 2023.
;;0.7783;;by giving them all the pro-poor subsidies and benefits we have saved rs 36,000 crore in the last one year because of application of digital technologies, ravishankarprasad said.
;;0.7783;;by giving them all the pro-poor subsidies and benefits we have saved rs 36,000 crore in the last one year because of application of digital technologies, ravishankarprasad said.
;;0.5574;;jan dhan-aadhar-mobile trinity, commonly known as jam, helped the government save leakages worth rs 36,000 crore in subsidies and benefits provided to the poor, during the last one year, union minister ravishankarprasad today said.
;;0.8442;;by giving them all the pro-poor subsidies and benefits we have saved rs 36,000 crore in the last one year because of application of digital technologies, prasad said addressing the inauguration of india international trade fair in the national capital.
;;0.7196;;prasad, who also holds the charge of law minister, said the government is not ignorant of the need for cyber security initiatives to be strengthened further.
;;0.0772;;we want to make india a big hub of electronics manufacturing, prasad said.
;;0.6705;;it is recognition of indias emerging role as big cyber power accelerated by digital india which has gained international fame, prasad told pti.
;;0.0;;over 100 countries participate in it with ministerial level delegation, prasad said.
;;0.4019;;prasad said that cscs are the front end soldiers of digital india mission and are engaged in empowering different sections of the society through skilling and online delivery of services.
;;0.9442;;share this article related article govt launches tele-law, aims at using tech to provide rural india with better legal aidgovt launches tele-law, aims at using tech to provide rural india with better legal aid in poll-bound uttar pradesh, centre takes csc route to digitise citizen servicesin poll-bound uttar pradesh, centre takes csc route to digitise citizen services all gram panchayats to be connected through ofc by 2018: govtall gram panchayats to be connected through ofc by 2018: govt rural bill payment centres get rbis in-principle nodrural bill payment centres get rbis in-principle nod vans to drive awareness for digital indiavans to drive awareness for digital india varanasi gets free wifi; telecom minister ravishankarprasad promises it parkin creating the digital infrastructure, common service centres (cscs) are the second limb  the common service centres are those which provide digital services, banking, insurance, making of passports, facilitation of e-ticketing  in those areas where digital connectivity is not available, prasad said.
;;0.0;;it has started happening in india, prasad said.
;;0.0;;on his first visit to haryana after being sworn in as the union minister, prasad announced that national institute of electronics and information technology (nielit) would be set up in kurukshetra to provide computer training to youth and a software technology park of india (stpi) would be set up in panchkulas existing hsiidc it park in sector 23.
;;0.4767;;talking about the need to provide employment to youth in their home state, prasad said that the government would create as many as 28,000 seats of bpos in various states, out of which, 1,000 seats in at least 10 call centres would be created in haryana.
;;0.7902;;its users have increased from 7 lakhs to 15 lakhs, and landline calls have been made free from 9 pm to 7 am, said prasad, adding that more number of hot spots would also be created in haryana.
;;0.0;;calling the act mischievous, prasad said, the contents of the tweet dont represent the views of the it ministry, digital india or the government of india.
