b'india is committed to taking hard and difficult decisions in the long-term interest of the economy,prime minister manmohansingh said today,while assuring japanese industry that the long-awaited goods and services tax (gst) regime facing hurdles from states will be in place in an appropriate type by 2014.
countering him, ram said the introduction of the state gst bill is only a formality as it has already been passed by parliament.
crop insurancepatna: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh on friday said the centre has extended to august 31 the last date to enrol in the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana for bihar, aimed at enabling farmers to avail insurance cover against crop loss because of natural calamities.
jaitley said that cash can be gradually substituted through digital payments/transactions.
NEW DELHI: Asserting that hard cash in India would become obsolete in the near future, Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people.
(source: ap)with uncertainly prevailing over the fate of ipl matches in drought-hit maharashtra, ipl chairman shukla shukla on friday said they are committed to the welfare of the farmers and will do whatever is suggested to them.
its the law on black money, modi said in bhopal.
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear, Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system.
demonetisation curbed use of black money in the sector, modi said, adding his decisions face problems in the beginning as he works ahead of time.
karnataka to clear rs 923 crore arrears to sugar cane farmersbelagavi, june 30, 2015, dhns: 2:13 istchief minister ram on tuesday announced that the state government would further absorb the dues to be paid by sugar factories to farmers for 2013-14 by releasing rs 923 crore in two installments.
a minister who does not connect with the woes of the farmers had no business holding the portfolio, amarindersingh said in a statement released in chandigarh on sunday.
addressing the function,upa chairperson sonia gandhi said the aadhar scheme gives identity to the common man and is a tool to claim benefits.
the drought areas will be notified in consultation with states, rural development secretary j k ram told pti.
about states disagreeing and joining the second wave of gst reform, chidambaram said that even when upa had implemented vat, some had not joined initially and they had joined later, and so eventually all states will fall in line.
we sell around 5,000 roses a month, says ram , a farmer.
a bjp government in bihar will help us work seamlessly to create jobs for the youth, look after our farmers and ensure overall development, which is the antidote to every single problem, modi said, to rapturous applause.
banks had at least hoped that a rally in bond markets since modi announced demonetisation would boost treasury gains, given lenders own around half of government debt.
finance minister arunjaitley said there is constitutional compulsion to roll out gst by september 16, 2017.
comparing suicide of farmers in karnataka with up, yogiadityanath said up has a population of 23 crore, which is three times higher than that of karnataka, but there are no cases of farmer suicides in the northern state.
new delhi, june 28, 2016, dhns 2:53 istgst: modi says one group has made passage of bill 'prestige issue'prime minister modi has pinned hopes on the changed arithmetic in the rajya sabha for the passage of the much-delayed goods and services tax (gst) bill.
chief minister prithvirajchavan said talks were on with the karnataka government to get water from the almatti dam to tackle the worsening drought situation in the state.
prime minister modi announced the scrapping of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, 2016, with an aim to weed out black money, counterfeit currency and terror funding.
referring to the show of strength by various political parties at the swearing-in ceremony of karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy, modi said, the fear of our government's move to crack down on black money has brought many to a common platform.
rohatgi told the apex court that general rule is that the cash transactions in the market should not be more than four per cent of the gdp but it is 12 per cent in india.
1:50 pm: meanwhile, uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath has said that welfare of farmers is the welfare of the country.
uidai will eventually increase its biometric authentication capacity to 40 crore, uidai chief executive officer ajay bhushan pandey told reporters here.
mr shah also attacked former prime minister manmohan singh, alleging that dr singh used to say that minorities have a right on the country's resources, however, mr modi said the first right on the country's resources should be of dalits, people from weaker sections and farmers.
finance minister arunjaitley may announce several measures to revamp farm infrastructure and support farmers as the national democratic alliance government seeks to win over this politically important section of society before crucial state elections next month, a top official familiar with the matter said.
in a bid to counter patel who has been raising the issue of suicides by farmers,modi also announced to hold a series of farmer development conventions at all the 115 dam sites in the region before october 7,when the cm completes 11 years in office.
the country should eventually have a gst which will have only slabs of zero, 5 per cent and standard rate with luxury and sin goods as an exception, arunjaitley said.
punjab chief minister amarindersingh (pti/file) punjab chief minister amarindersingh (pti/file)punjab chief minister captain amarindersingh on friday said his government would soon announce its decision on farm debt waiver based on the recommendations of the t haq expert committee, which is scheduled to submit its report shortly.
modi said a slew of decisions made by the gst council and efforts to make gst simpler are steps in that direction.
describing the channel as an open university, modi said: kisan tv channel is a channel where both the teacher and the student are farmers.
defending his stand to contest on a congress ticket in the light of several corruption charges the party was facing, nilekani said: please understand that aadhaar is the worlds largest anti-corruption platform.
the programmes have built confidence among the traders to welcome the gst regime, association founder and president prakash mandoth said.
unfazed by the blockage of the gst bill in the rajya sabha by congress in the recently concluded parliament session that ended on a bitter note over the lalit modi issue, ram said government was keen to implement the revolutionary and most progressive gst tax proposal from april 1, 2016.
i am getting your invaluable support for the second cleanliness drive, modi said referring to the demonetisation decision of his government aimed at tackling black money, corruption and terror funding as he addressed the global citizen festival here.
last time,chief minister mamatabanerjee said she will not acquire land and that we could if the farmers were willing to sell.
rajasthan chief minister vasundhararaje in the budget for 2018-19 announced a one-time loan waiver of up to rs 50,000 for small and marginal farmers along with a budgetary provision of rs 2,000 crore.
in the backdrop of the industry's demand to reduce the proposed gst rates of 5 per cent, 12 per cent, 18 per cent and 28 per cent after demonetisation, cbec chairman najib shah said the centre and the states collected rs 8 lakh crore from indirect taxes, minus customs duty, and the same level of revenue had to be collected in the gst regime.
@incindia has always supported loan waivers for farmers in distress (sic), gandhi said in a series of tweets.
on tuesday, arunjaitley was replying to a supplementary question from cpi(m) rajya sabha mp c p narayanan on why the banks were starved of the new notes for such a long time, as arunjaitley had earlier told the house that demonetisation came after nine months of preparations by the government and the rbi.
delivering the eighth annual richard h sabot lecture 'technology to leapfrog development: the aadhaar experience' organised by center for global development - a washington- based think-tank, nilekani said uidai has leveraged the state of the art technology of the present days to provide unique identification number to every resident of the country.
and across the states, we find an urge now, that they want to get out of the rigmarole and see brighter ways, ram said, adding that the roll out of the gst, aadhar platform and mobile connectivity were creating conditions for inclusive growth.
we can 'clean' india: modimumbai, nov 20, 2016, dhns 1:09 istindia would be free from all forms of filth in one generations time, prime minister narendramodi said on saturday night, sending out a strong message that there is no looking back on the mega-drive against black money and corruption.
exhorting fish farmers in the presence of animal husbandry and fisheries minister awadhesh kumar singh, agriculture minister ramvichar rai, cooperatives minister alok kumar mehta and food and consumer protection minister madan sahni, to take a pledge to produce more fish to fulfil bihar's demand and also export to other states, nitishkumar said the blue revolution in fisheries sector was a part of his concept of rainbow revolution to improve the income of people, raise their standard of living and bolster the revenue of the state.
this has gone a long way in tackling the agrarian crisis.
india has strong infrastructure and one of the best aadhar-enabled payment systems in the world which is besed on fingerprints, naidu said, calling it a low hanging fruit in course of the switchover to digital mode.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath announced waiver of rs 36,000 crore farmers loan as the state has other sources of income and generous support by the union government.
once the report comes in, we will take measures to compensate farmers, nitishkumar said.
the council also agreed to set up a committee comprising officials from centre and states to look into the complaints with regard to the anti-profiteering clause that seeks to prevent companies from making undue gains post gst rollout, arunjaitley said.
terming the rail roko agitation by farmers as unfortunate, punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals said the state government was ready to accept every genuine demand of the peasantry.
the indian economy was in good health when the government decided to scrap rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, modi said.
inaugurating a three-day international conference on organic bihar, nitishkumar said: to achieve sustainable agriculture growth, organic farming has to be expanded.
naidu said the biggest achievement of demonetisation was that money which was hiding in bed, bathrooms and iron safes had come back to banks.
farmer suicides: increase in ex gratia effective from aprilbengaluru, october 15, 2015, dhns: 0:27 istcooperation minister h s ram on wednesday said hike in compensation to family members of farmers who have committed suicide and widow pension announced by chief minister ram recently, will have retrospective effect from april 2015.
pm wants 50 pc farmers to join crop insurance scheme in 2 yrsnew delhi, jan 31, 2016, (pti) 14:22 isthighlighting benefits of the just- announced crop insurance scheme, prime minister modi today said awareness about it should be spread across the country so that at least 50 per cent of the farmers join it within two years.
The Minister further said the government's move will promote more and more digital transactions".
Speaking about the enrolments, Nilekani said that the 12-digit unique identity number -- Aadhar -- has been provided to 37 million people across the country and very soon over one million people will enrol for unique identity number every day.
stating that the gst rollout is a matter of time, arunjaitley said the obstructionist position of the congress will not continue for long as the countrys mood is reform-oriented.
48pm: the government will set up gramin haats so that farmers dont have to go faraway to sell their produces, says modi.
on friday, as he got up to welcome m venkaiah naidu as rajya sabha chairman, pm narendramodi said that it is a reflection of the strength of our constitution and the maturity of our democracy that all top constitutional positions today are occupied by the poor and sons of farmers or commoners.
bengaluru: the goods and services tax, to be rolled out in just over a month, will not only check evasions but also help india evolve as a more tax-compliant society, finance minister arunjaitley said here on monday.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan of the bjp also announced several measures, including bonus above the minimum support price to ensure farmers get fair prices for their produce.
responding to allegations on the governments failure to bring back black money, modi said had the upa government set up the special investigation team (sit) in 2011 as per a supreme court directive, the process would have started by now.
farmers' income should double in six years: modibhubaneswar, feb 22, 2016, dhns: 0:42 istthe nda government at the centre wants to double the income of the farmers in the next six years and steps are being taken to see the target is achieved, prime minister modi said on sunday.
after being conferred with the cauvery award at a programme organised at chandravana ashrama near here as part of navaratri celebrations, kirankumar said that the satellites are used for collecting information on weather, for use in agriculture, education, communication, television and other fields.
at the rally, which was organised as thanksgiving meet of farmers for the agricultural farm loan waiver executed by the kamal nath government, gandhi said the waiver is just the beginning, were also committed to starting food processing units and cold storages near farmers plots in every district of the state.
BHUBANESWAR: Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday said Prime Minister Narendra Modi has created a 'new normal' for the country's economy by breaking all the stereotypes of the past through his demonetisation move".
Delivering the Eighth Annual Richard H Sabot Lecture 'Technology to Leapfrog Development: The Aadhaar Experience' organised by Center for Global Development - a Washington- based think-tank, Nilekani said UIDAI has leveraged the state of the art technology of the present days to provide unique identification number to every resident of the country".
They can log on to the UIDAI website, enter their enrolment number and take a printout of the e-Aadhaar card which can be used for various schemes till the actual Aadhaar number arrives , said UIDAI deputy director-general Ashok Dalwai.
the new capital region will be just 18km from the krishna riverfront and the farmers who part with their fertile land in this region will benefit immensely, naidu said, trying to allay their fears.
agriculture minister ram , while pointing out that there was a lot of corruption in the administration across the country, said aadhaar would go a long way in curbing it.
siddaramaiah said he had convened a meeting of deputy commissioners of all districts on september 23 and the progress made in drought and flood relief works would be discussed.
new delhi: hitting out at those accusing the government of not being prepared for demonetisation, prime minister modi said they are actually pained that they themselves did not get time to make any preparation.
the economy was doing well and thus our decision was taken at the right time, a combative modi said, peppering his speech with stinging attacks on the congress for opposing the demonetisation move.
as bjp members including venkaiah naidu,najma heptulla and ravi shankar prasad disagreed and were up on their feet demanding immediate discussion on the chopper deal and defence minister a k antonys response on it,shukla said a debate on farmers problems was slated for tomorrow on naidus demand and if he agreed to change it government can discuss the chopper deal tomorrow itself.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said that axis bank management has assured the government that it is taking action against the erring officials who are suspected to be involved in irregularities post demonetisation.
karnataka milk federation (kmf) director, who looks into co-operative societies, dr babu said the societies started putting money directly to the farmers/producers account after demonetisation move.
the government has also constituted a special taskforce to keep a watch on the infusion of fake currency in vulnerable areas, mr. das said, adding that a technology team has also been formed to popularise the use of e-wallets and also to ensure that atm recalibration progresses apace.
fadnavis said the bjp-shiv sena government was doing everything that is possible to help farmers, who have faced crop losses due to unseasonal rains and hailstorms, and bring them out of the prevailing situation.
citing provisions under the aadhaar act, 2016, shukla said no core biometric information, collected or created under the act, shall be shared with anyone for any reason whatsoever; or used for any purpose other than generation of aadhaar numbers and authentication under the act.
lawyer-turned-organic farmer and founder of the green path, h r ram said: the festival enables farmers to sell their produce directly to consumers.
now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency, arunjaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals.
nilekani also said that uid is working with the ministry of finance and the department of financial services on financial inclusion, with oil ministry on lpg subsidy reforms, with ministry of chemicals and fertilizers on fertilizer reforms, human resource development ministry on integration of aakash and department of telecom for providing aadhar as know your customer (kyc) for mobile connections.
the families of the farmers (who were killed in mandsaur last year) will get justice in 10 days and we will take action against those responsible for the firing, says the congress president.
on pusa 16, agriculture minister radhamohansingh said, this new variety will be released for commercial cultivation in january and will be available for sowing in the kharif 2017 season.
in a facebook post titled 'benefits of the aadhaar - where it stands today', arunjaitley said its use in the delivery of subsidies has helped saved rs 90,000 crore in the last few years till march 2018 by eliminating several duplicates, non-existent and fake beneficiaries.
anta poril kola dhonor bepar (the business of black money has come to end), deshdrohir uporot poril madho mar (traitors of the country have got beaten up), anuprabeshkari sokole polabo simapa (infiltrators will have to flee across the border),modi said as thousands cheered.
tax collection data is real and not an estimation, arunjaitley said, while dismissing apprehensions of slowdown in following currency squeeze post demonetisation.
jaitley said that gst will simplify the most complicated indirect tax system in the country by subsuming various central and state indirect taxes and introducing the concept of one nation, one tax.
speaking to reporters, union finance minister arunjaitley said, tax rate under gst will not go up for any of the commodities.
apologising for not visiting families of those farmers who have ended their lives, owing to the ongoing legislative session, ram said he would do so once the session concluded.
at the meeting of the bjp parliamentary party here, modi said the bill will benefit farmers and that the amendments brought by his government were based on suggestions and demands made by congress-ruled states and their chief ministers.
prime minister narendramodi on saturday announced the creation of a high-powered committee on structural reforms in agriculture, saying this panel would include some chief ministers and take a holistic approach on the subject.
watch what else is making newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, arunjaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
prime minister narendramodi (pti /file photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti /file photo)with still two months left till the goods and services tax (gst) roll out, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said consensus on the new tax regime will go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism.
not only will this service streamline the process of on-boarding new customers but it will also simplify the process of linking existing customer accounts to their respective aadhaar numbers in an easy, yet secure manner, said nilekani.
months of meetings before note ban: jaitleyfeb 8, 2017, new delhi, dhns 1:31 istdemonetisation was not an easy decision for the government and it took several months and a number of closed-door meetings to decide on the note ban, finance minister arunjaitley said on tuesday.
speaking on the occasion, ashok chavan said the congress will fight for the farmers and push ahead with its demand to waive their crop loan.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
modi said farmers income will be doubled in 6 years; it is a jumla-type statement unlikely to be achieved, he said.
playing the pro-poor and pro-farmers card, a plank bjp has assiduously tried to claim for some time, modi said the recent budget was all about them besides the middle class.
sources said it will not be practically possible to write off the entire loan amount, but ram may announce a partial loan waiver, thus offering some relief to small and marginal farmers, reeling under severe drought.
reiterating his partys promise to waive off farmers loans if voted to power, gandhi said, let our government assume power in mp.
it clearly indicates that our target to integrate black money economy with the formal economy is happening, arunjaitley said.
asked if the union government has proposed to link any project with aadhaar, nilekani said organizations like central board for direct taxes that issues pan and passport offices have expressed interest in liking up.
ex-pm should advice cong to change stand on gst: jaitleynew delhi, feb 14, 2015, dhns: 0:46 istif manmohan singh is a real statesman, he should advice congress not to press for gst that provides tariff in constitution, finance minister arunjaitley has said.
responding to the opposition parties, commerce and industry minister ram said the government was seized of the problems being faced by drought-hit farmers in tamil nadu and that finance minister arun jaitley, agriculture minister radha mohan singh and water resources minister ram bharti have already met delegations from the state.
??? At Dudu only, Aadhaar enabled system of social sector, Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) and pension scheme will be implemented, UIDAI (Unique Identification Authority of India) chairman Nandan Nilekani told reporters here.
announcing relief for farmers, modi said, government will take care of interest for 60 days for farmers who had taken loans from district coop, central bank.
fadnavis said the immediate concern is to provide relief to farmers.
delhi deputy chief minister manishsisodia said that compensation law has been cleared and certain provisions of c-gst and s-gst which was approved by the law ministry have been cleared.
in september 2014, modi had asked multinational cola giants pepsico and coca-cola to help indian farmers in increasing their fruit sales by adding fresh fruit juices to their fizzy drinks.
my government is firmly behind the farmers in distress in parts of maharashtra and a total of rs 7,000 crore would be spent to tackle it, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced in the assembly, replying to a debate on the biting scarcity in many of the state's 48,000 villages.
flanked by punjab pradesh congress committee president and mp sunil jakhar and local bodies minister navjot singh sidhu, amarindersingh said the process of farm loan waiver would begin after the elections and distribution of smart phones would also begin soon.
defending the demonetisation drive, arunjaitley said, even when there was global stress, we still manage to have respectable growth rates and we had the courage because of leadership of the prime minister.
finance minister arunjaitley said eight of the 10 directors of the rbi board were present at the november 8 meeting which made an independent final recommendation with regard to demonetisation to government.
black money fight against big people, not small traders: pmghaziabad, feb 8, 2017 (pti) 20:13 istprime minister modi today said the government's fight against black money was targeted at big people and big babus and that small traders need not worry.
reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear, arunjaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system.
said dimri, "the idea of not putting rate caps in the constitution is pragmatic considering the dynamic business environment which may demand future changes in the gst rate".
Progress so farState Enrolled Uploaded Aadhaar card generatedKarnataka 1,59,37,059 1,55,36,169 1,33,19,240Tamil Nadu 30,37,149 29,53,854 27,27,574Puducherry 9,11,244 8,82,803 7,74,646Kerala 71,15,818 65,74,719 55,48,154Total 2,70,01,270 2,59,47,545 2,23,69,614Source: UIDAIEnrol from anywhereWhen questioned about citizens who have missed out on enrolling in the first phase and whether there would be enrolment centres in the districts which have been already covered, Dalwai said anybody could enrol from any part of the State or country, provided they have the necessary documents.
jaitley further said the collection figures with regard to income tax, excise tax and realisation of vat by states, with the exception of two states, have gone up post demonetisation.
new delhi: as the central governments financial agencies are going behind the people using rogue bank accounts to park their black money; prime minister modi on sunday said that action would be taken against those guilty under benami law.
the efforts are on to enlist the co-operation of all to ensure that gst is in place by the end of this session, modi said.
chief minister ram , while replying to a debate on the issue in the assembly, said the arecanut farmers need not panic following the ban.
bharataiya janata party president amitshah said on friday that the demonetisation has not affected the common people and only some politicians.
making a statement in the assembly later in the day, siddaramaiah said: it is not possible to release tamil nadus share according to the final award as our farmers very much need water during this four-month period.
promising to clear the dues of sugarcane farmers within 14 days, yogiadityanath announced five-six new sugar mills will be opened in the state over the next six months.
speaking at a rally after participating in a padayatra with rahul from maidur to gudagur in ranebennur taluk on saturday, chief minister ram said the compensation to families of farmers who have committed suicide will be increased from rs 2 lakh to rs 5 lakh.
apmc secretary ram said that online trading will ensure that farmers are not cheated.
in his message, siddaramaiah said the state hit by monsoon failure and drought will be blessed with a good north east monsoon that will raise the hopes for rabi crops.
share this article related article centre, state have allocated rs 51,000 crore for irrigation projects, says devendrafadnavis , state have allocated rs 51,000 crore for irrigation projects, says devendrafadnavis states vision document 2030 lays stress on solar power for farmersstates vision document 2030 lays stress on solar power for farmers maharashtra to revive 5 rivers to ensure perennial water flow: cm fadnavismaharashtra to revive 5 rivers to ensure perennial water flow: cm fadnavis devendrafadnavis prescribes drip irrigation for sugarcane, solar-powered pumpsdevendra fadnavis prescribes drip irrigation for sugarcane, solar-powered pumps maharashtra govt plans to make agriculture sector run on solar energymaharashtra govt plans to make agriculture sector run on solar energy maharashtra will require rs 1 lakh crore for irrigation projects : cm fadnavishe added, the agrarian crisis in a state reeling under drought can be effectively tackled only through making the farmers self reliant with water and power.
piloting the bill, karnataka chief minister ram said the state has always been at the forefront of issues like implementing tax reforms, including vat.
terming it as a transformative piece of legislation, mr. jaitley said a social security platform will be developed using aadhaar to accurately target beneficiaries.
in a televised address, modi said that every msme in the 100 selected districts and which are registered under goods and services tax (gst) would be given a rebate of 2  interest on the amount of a new loan or incremental loan of up to rs 1 crore.
a field survey would be conducted within four weeks, following which the physical possession of the land would be handed over to the farmers, mamatabanerjee said.
After the BJP government took charge, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had asked UIDAI to fast-track the enrolment process.
i have personally written to every chief minister saying that till such time that the gst stabilises itself, we must not consider seriously imposing some of these taxes because they may increase the burden, the then finance minister arunjaitley had said while replying to a brief debate on the punjab municipal corporation law (extension to chandigarh) amendment bill 2017.
gandhi said he wanted madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh to become agriculture centres in five years and provide food, fruits and vegetables to the country.
chief minister akhileshyadav had announced financial assistance of rs 2 lakh for kin of economically backward families who die while waiting in queues at atms or banks.
pti file photoa day after data showed indias key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said demonetisation did not see a 2  dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended.
the landmark gst legislation will reflect the spirit of one nation, one aspiration, one determination, said prime minister narendramodi , as he addressed the third meeting of the governing council of niti aayog on sunday.
Watch What Else Is making NewsAt a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, Jaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
the bidding process and final bid price are prominently displayed to the farmers on a lcd screen in the auction floor, ram said.
commerce minister ram on saturday said the goods and services tax (gst) will help improve indias export growth.
devendra fadnavis said the government would expose the rampant corruption in the cooperative sector in the larger interest of the farmers.
farmers in karnataka have hugely benefited from the scheme, says pm.
we are banking on gst checking evasion and buoyancy in collection, arunjaitley said.
this will make digital payments easy even for those who cannot read or write, thus realizing ambedkar's vision of social and financial empowerment for all, said modi.
with farmers ending lives in the parched saurashtra region in an election year,chief minister modi on tuesday announced an ambitious rs 10,000-crore irrigation project,to be called saurashtra narmada avtaran irrigation yojana (sauni),which aims to fill all 115 dams in the region with narmada water by interlinking a total of 87 rivers.
elaborating on implementation issues, ramesh said the government claims to have saved rs 49,000 crore lpg subsidies by linking with aadhaar but a cag report has debunked this in a recent report.
this (agriculture) is an area where india and the bank can fruitfully join hands, prime minister narendramodi said while formally opening the 52nd african development bank's (afdb) annual event on tuesday.
noting that this unique identification number is now becoming an internal passport and gateway to various services for indians, nilekani said by working with various regulators they have ensured that this id is sufficient to get their services.
speaking after releasing two books on constitution in new delhi, prime minister modi said those who are criticizing the demonetisation move don't have problem with the government's preparedness, but they are having problems because they didn't get time to prepare for turning their black money into white.
(representational image)on november 8, prime minister narendramodi announced his ambitious demonetisation policy initiative to attack the scourges of corruption, black money and fake currency.
modi said that he wanted to assure people that this chowkidar is determined to ensure that every drop of water meant for farmers reaches them.
Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said that the demonetisation is due to sharp increase in circulation of these notes in the last five years.
let us accept the challenge, plan accordingly and make a cashless economy possible, mr. fadnavis said while addressing an urgently-convened meeting of the state level bankers committee (slbc) in mumbai.
aware that the government is often being criticised following the suicide of farmers, naveenpatnaik said: we are the only state to have doubled farmers' income in the last decade.
we have written to ipc bank to examine amount as shown in list of beneficiaries with loan amount they had actually borrowed and the revised list with actual figure of loan amount should be further sent to state government to square accounts of farmers agriculture loan, assistant commissioner (cooperative) babu said.
we have to mount pressure on the government to ensure justice to farmers, babu told tdp lawmakers at a meeting at his residence.
modi said the country had over the past few months witnessed an atmosphere in which people had in large numbers participated in the digidhan movement for digital payments.
it opens new avenues for cooperation, including in areas like agriculture and healthcare, modi said in a joint press interaction with sirisena.
in the union budget 2018, finance minister arunjaitley announced a 100 per cent tax deduction for farmer producer companies (fpcs) for the next five years.
prime minister modi told the all party meeting that goods and services tax (gst) legislation is in the interest of nation and the finance minister will speak to parties concerned to address their doubts on it, naidu said after the meeting.
15: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh today announced setting up of a regional centre of the national centre of organic farming (ncof), headquartered in ghaziabad, uttar pradesh, to promote organic farming.
and those who don't have phones need simply use their aadhar cards to make payments at micro-atms, nilekani said.
govt ready with contingency plan to deal with poor monsoon:minnew delhi, june 2, 2015, (pti) 22:53 istthe government is ready with contingency plans in 580 districts to deal with poor monsoon, agriculture minister radhamohansingh said today.
asked about congress' reversal of stand on reform measures like goods and services tax (gst), ram said, we have not done u-turn.
nangia & co director (indirect taxation) rajat mohan said july 1 looks like the "best case scenario" for gst implementation as by then the industry will also be able to migrate into the new taxation regime.
picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: all bihar districts would get dedicated feeders for agriculture in the next two years, deputy chief minister modi said on wednesday.
we believe in gst and have favoured it since the beginning; it is for the welfare of the state and the country, nitishkumar said after the meeting.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the extension will help farmers to avail loan waiver till may 20.
speaking at the opening ceremony for the ninth edition of the hugely-popular league, shukla said, the ipl and bcci are committed to the welfare of the farmers.
after four years in office, prime minister narendramodi has announced his intention to give farmers msps that are at least 50 per cent above the cost (a2+fl and not c2).
nilekani said aadhaar would make the life of india's 400 million migrants simpler.
ap announces debt cut for farmershyderabad, dec 4, 2014, dhns: 1:08 istbenefiting 22,79,000 families of andhra pradesh, chief minister nara naidu announced waiver of loan not exceeding rs 50,000 taken by farmers from banks between 2007-2013.
by 2022 when the country would be celebrating the 75th year of its independence, the income of an indian farmer should be more than two times what he is earning now, modi said while addressing a farmers rally in bargarh town in odisha.
a key issue for me (at the g-20 summit) would be to highlight the importance of international cooperation against black money, modi said, a day before he is scheduled to leave new delhi for a nine-day-long tour to myanmar, australia and fiji, where he is likely to meet over 40 leaders from asia, africa, europe, north america, south america and pacific region  both in multilateral format as well as on the sideline of the conclaves.
watch video: people que up at banks to exchange rs 500 & rs 1000 notes: heres what they saidon whether the demonetisation of rs 500/1000 notes will help weed out black money, jaitley said this is not an isolated initiative and the decision has to be seen in the backdrop of various steps being taken including gst roll out.
trying to clear apprehension of opposition and traders, finance minister haseeb drabu said j&k legislature can enact a comprehensive gst law, where tax will be levied corresponding to aggregate sgst and cgst".
naidu announces schedule for massive loan waiver initiativehyderabad, dec 4, 2014, (pti) 19:39 istseeking to fulfill a key election promise, andhra pradesh chief minister n naidu today announced to waive off farm loan of up to rs 1.
i&b minister m venkaiah ram told reporters that modi explained to nda leaders the importance of the gst bill and the need to pass it.
He said more than Rs 5 lakh crore of new currency have been circulated since November 8.
loans taken by farmers from nationalised banks will be waived within 24 hours after the janata dal (secular) comes to power, h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys , party state president, has said.
the project, which is being undertaken to quench the thirst of drought-prone areas of kolar, chikkaballapur and bengaluru rural districts, has been prepared after obtaining opinion from technical experts on the pros and cons of the project, said siddaramaiah.
picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: deputy chief minister modi on saturday announced that a bamboo policy will be made for the state and the government will send farmers, artisans and entrepreneurs to north-eastern states for training in bamboo cultivation as well as industries.
finance minister t.m. thomas isaac told the assembly on tuesday that the government hoped to overcome the impact of demonetisation and gst on the states economy in another six months.
(source: pti photo)around 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister narendramodi said in rajya sabha on wednesday, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
in madhya pradesh, where five farmers were shot dead by police during a protest on june 6, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said purchasing farm produce at rates lower than the minimum support price (msp) will be treated as a crime.
talking about gst, pm modi said the unanimity on the landmark legislation will be remembered in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism.
the telangana government has also decided to call an assembly session this month to pass the gst bill, telangana finance minister etela rajender said on wednesday.
chief minister capt amarindersingh on monday said the state government will allow the farmers in punjab to sow paddy a week before the scheduled date of june 20, as part of a string of sops he announced to woo the farming community.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das told presspersons that the rs. 21,000 crore would enable these banks to sanction and disburse crop loans to farmers through the network of primary agricultural cooperative societies.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said that one of the main reasons for the long queues outside banks was that people were lining up several times to exchange notes, frustrating the efforts of others who haven't been able to change their notes even once since the shock announcement.
he also fought for the unification of the state and worked for the welfare of the farming community, ram said.
responding to a query on gst implementation, arunjaitley said he is hopeful of its passage in the monsoon session as most political parties except the congress are in favour of this historic tax reform.
devendra fadnavis (file) devendrafadnavis (file)while loan waiver is going to lead to financial constraints, it will not impact development projects in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday.
amid the din, parliamentary affairs minister m naidu said the government was ready to discuss the farmer's suicide, which is a important, serious and urgent.
the distribution of food grains in the villages will ensure not a single farmer goes to sleep hungry, he added.
there would be enough safeguards to the constitution of jammu and kashmir, drabu said in his reply on the second day of heated debates on gst in the state assembly.
stressing that demonetisation decision will have a positive impact on the economy, arunjaitley said, this (the move) will have positive impact as far as the medium and long terms are concerned.
defending the decision on demonetisation, modi said the menace of fake currency could not have been checked if such a big offensive was not initiated.
we are fully committed to double the income of farmers by 2022, says pm modi modi.
on ways to prevent black money menace in the future, arunjaitley said the global community is moving towards automatic exchange of information.
it is a tragedy that the same farmers who at one time provided food to the nation are now dying of starvation as they cannot make both ends meet, amarinder said, promising that their debts will be taken over by government.
hyderabad: union minister m m.venkaiahnaidu today said chartered accountants in india will have huge opportunities and challenges when the goods and services tax (gst) is implementedaddressing the icai international conference 'jnana yagna' here, the urban development minister said chartered accountants should play a vital role in addressing issues such as curbing black money.
referring to the benefits of demonetisation, modi said, the money hidden by many people in their homes under their beds, in almirahs and sacks has been brought back to banks.
modi wants rbi to prepare 20-yr road map for fin inclusionmumbai, apr 2, 2015, (pti) 13:41 istprime minister narendramodi today asked the reserve bank to prepare a 20-year road map for financial inclusion and nudged banks to be considerate in giving loans to the poor as also while making recoveries from them, especially farmers.
chhapar (ludhiana): amid ongoing protests by farmers over meagre compensation for the cotton crop loss in malwa, punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals announced rs 600-crore relief for the farming community here on monday.
modi in his independence day speech had said that the government's efforts to deal with the menace of black money were working and people have declared undisclosed income of about rs 6,500 crore.
chief minister siddaramaiah , who launched the integrated marketing project, said that it was a revolutionary programme which will help make agriculture a profitable business.
this would be complete with strong agro-industrial linkages to ensure assured dividends to small and marginal farmers in 14 suicide-prone districts, fadnavis said.
digital pushpushing for digital transactions, modi said, everyone has right to use his or her money and no one stops them.
extending his support to the chamber of industrial and commercial undertakings (cicu), ludhiana, amarindersingh said the impact of demonetisation on the states industries, already in the doldrums because of the badal governments antagonistic policies, had been devastating.
referring to the gst reform bill introduced in parliament on friday, arunjaitley said an overwhelming majority of states were backing the reform as their fears about revenue loss in the initial years after the gst roll-out would be set at rest through a compensatory mechanism in the transition period.
this is indeed a game changer, chidambaram asserted and said that banks have already floated tenders for 20 lakh micro-atms which once become operational will help the government in directly transferring the cash in the beneficiaries accounts.
He said the government had reason to believe that the old notes were exchanged at a premium.
which is great for cashless economy, the pm said today in nagpur, even as he mimicked millennial users often portrayed with their heads downward flicking their fingers over their smartphones.
we have decided to purchase the required quantity directly from the farmers, state chief minister mamatabanerjee said on tuesday.
asked what could the government do to help farmers battling agrarian crisis and deficient rainfall, gandhi said we have made a slow transition from agricultural economy to knowledge economy and industry economy.
while the law restrains traders from changing the maximum retail price (mrp) inclusive of all taxes, there are no guidelines for repricing the commodities in accordance with the changed tax rates in the gst regime ," said bt manohar, chairman of taxation committee and team gst of federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industry .
chief minister siddaramaiah , who described puttaiah as a model farmer, said, though the latter lacks education (he quit studies while in class eight), he has vast experience in agriculture.
uidai deputy director general (bangalore regional office) ashok dalwai told deccan herald that the software - which is more accurate and contains more security features - would be simultaneously released in all 18 states where uidai is operating.
prime minister modi had announced on november 8 last year the governments decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1000 bank notes, in a move aimed at tackling black money.
on november 8 last year, prime minister narendramodi announced the decision to demonetise all 1,000- and 500 rupee notes in an effort to curb black money and corruption.
we are asking the prime minister modi to spare some money from this huge amount for providing debt relief to the farmers, he said, while asserting that it is the duty of everyone including the government of india to save the farmers from committing suicide.
With regard to the impact of demonetisation on rabi sowing, Das said the total sowing area so far is almost at par with last year and whatever shortfall has happened will be made good in the coming weeks.
also read: pm-kisan scheme an insult to farmers, says priyanka gandhiduring the demonetisation, no thief or person with black money, but farmers, youths, unemployed, and people of bundelkhand stood in the queues, said gandhi.
during his political address at churu, modi said that under the scheme, 1 crore small farmers had received rs 2,000 each without any middleman transferred into their bank accounts.
new delhi: terming the company formed to create it backbone for rollout of gst as anti-national, bjp mp ram today said the goods and services tax (gst) bill can be passed by parliament only if gstn gets security clearancethe goods and services tax network (gstn) is the special purpose vehicle that was formed under the previous upa regime to set up the information technology backbone for rolling out the indirect tax regime that will replace myriad local levies.
but for realising the slogan of 'jai jawan, jai kisan', the plight of farmers should also be addressed, badal said.
mayawati and mulayam singh who were opposed to each other, came together on one issue when i waged a war on black money as they found that the ground was slipping under their feet, modi said.
the gst is beneficial for the poor people of the states represented by them, because those states will economically benefit the most from gst, modi said.
sanjeev kumar vermasushil kumar modipatna: deputy chief minister modi on monday said weeding out middlemen from government schemes, ending dependence on kerosene lamps and enhancing farmers' income would be the three main achievements of the government in 2018.
dcc president t p ram said the budget has announced welfare programmes for farmers, women and deprived class.
dh news service, bengaluru, jun 10 2017, 1:10 istchief minister siddaramaiah announced that he would meet the president to seek his assent for karnatakas land reforms bill which provides for giving agriculture labourers rights over houses built on land not belonging to them.
earlier in his address to the nation over radio, modi said that bringing back black money from outside the country is an article of faith for him and nothing will be lacking in his efforts to do so.
raje had said, in the history of rajasthan, this is the first government that has waived off crop loans up to rs 50,000; the last two governments at the centre had waived off farm loans up to rs 10,000 only.
union urban development minister m.venkaiahnaidu in gandhinagar on monday announced that the centre will decide on relaxing guidelines to pay compensation to farmers who sustained 25 per cent to 50 percent damage to their crops.
nilekani said aadhaar identity cards were accepted as valid documents under the know your customer (kyc) norms for opening bank accounts, securing mobile connections and getting cooking gas connections.
budget is close to dreams of people: pmnew delhi, feb 29, 2016 (pti) 19:05 istterming the budget as one close to dreams of the people, prime minister narendramodi today said its biggest focus is on villages, poor people, farmers, women and youth to ensure a qualitative change in their lives and alleviate poverty through a slew of time-bound programmes.
fadnavis announced three-pronged strategy to provide compensation to the farmers families through insurance and even approached the centre for national disaster response fund (ndrf).
nobody, not this government, not you, not the previous government knows exactly how much black money is stashed abroad, modi said in the second episode of his radio talk, mann ki baat.
finance minister arunjaitley told rajya sabha on tuesday that the remonetisation process moved smoothly after demonetisation was announced and that there was no shortage of currency supply, even for a single day.
kr ram , congress floor leader, said though the state government had promised that it would not allow hydrocarbon project in neduvasal, it was not clear how agreements entered into between the local farmers with the ongc for acquiring the lands would be cancelled.
when asked if the government has any plans to push digital payments for funding of political parties, arunjaitley said: can i tell you this would inevitably will be a future course.
on charges of ap copying telangana schemes, babu said andhra pradesh achieved 11  growth in agriculture and allied sectors in the last four years whereas the overall growth of telangana stands at 0.
prime minister modi told the nda meet that the credit for demonetisation will not go to him personally, but to all parties which stood with the govt, naidu said.
finance minister arunjaitley has said his government will analyse and address rural india's issues, even going to the extent of saying that spending on rural india and agriculture is not populism.
kanpur: lucknow: announcing a bonanza to reward cashless transactions, prime minister modi said that all those using e-payments since november 8, especially the small spenders, will be offered an incentive of rs 1000.
holding private money lenders responsible for most instances of farmer suicides in the region, ram said stern action will be taken against them.
modi said that india had become the world's fastest-growing economy thanks to some of his government's initiatives, such as the abolition of 1,000-odd archaic laws, push for the goods and services tax, and the constitution of commercial courts.
modi said through aadhaar and cellphones, his government has launched jan dhan yojana and opened 330 million new bank accounts in three years.
rahul gandhi in congress president gandhi addresses an election campaign rally for lok sabha polls, in samastipur, (pti)congress president gandhi on tuesday said no farmer in the country will be jailed for not repaying loans if his party comes to power at the centre.
earlier, modi also said his governments war against corruption and black money was not a political fight and said it was meant to empower honest people.
accusing the previous congress regimes of gujarat of creating polity of the love of chair,chief minister narendramodi today said unlike them,his government was working for farmers welfare.
pti photoaddressing party mps at the bjps parliamentary party meeting, finance minister arunjaitley said that the prime minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities.
still, the best overall performance of the economy was recorded since october 2016, endorsing the standpoint that the economy is recovering from the implementation of the twin shocks of demonetisation and gst," dodhia said.
the controversy comes just days after uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath announced rs 36,350-crore farm loan waiver and punjab cm capt amarinder singh set up an expert group to assess the agriculture debt and suggest ways for its waiver to help farmers.
a.c. jain , the nodal officer, it department of agriculture, said: altogether, 82 district agriculture officers, joint directors, deputy directors and junior plant protection officers would benefit under the scheme.
urging youngsters to adopts and download the bihm app, pm modi said the money saved on printing of notes, transportation and atms among others could be used for the betterment of the poor.
new delhi: even while the opposition stayed adamant in attacking the manner of rollout of demonetisation, prime minister modi told an all party meeting on tuesday evening that the decision on scrapping old high denomination notes is a crusade against corruption and black money.
elaborating on the ownership of the farmers, ram said, starting from a princely rule and followed by elected governments, the farmers have been granted both revenue and forest documents related to land holdings for tilling the same.
modis predecessor manmohan singh had waived farm loans worth rs 72,000 crore, ram said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the government is working towards providing 12-hour uninterrupted power to the farmers across rural maharashtra.
people from far and wide will land here to study agriculture adding to the prosperity and urbanisation of the region, nitishkumar said.
so the entire cross empowerment issue was, we empower each other to say that in case the state authorities look at sgst issue, they also look at cgst and vice versa," shah said.
br ambedkars grandson and former mp prakash ambedkar alleged that a major chunk of black money was deposited in the banks before november 8, the day modi announced demonetisation.
on the farm sector loan, pranabmukherjee said, against the target of flow of rs 3,75,000 crore as agricultural credit in 2010-11, the achievement has been over rs 4,46,000 crore.
union minister nirmalasitharaman said that the congress is indulging in fear-mongering on demonetisation.
today, the gst system has been established to a large extent and we are working towards a position where 99 per cent things will attract the sub-18 per cent gst slab, modi had said.
economic affairs secretary subhashchandragarg said demonetisation and gst reflect long-term vision of the government and its ability to undertake massive structural reforms.
observing that at present, over 113 crore residents in india have aadhaar, prasad said that aadhaar is safe, let me say proudly that the data is secure.
the state government needs to design farmer-friendly policies, he said.
union home minister rajnathsingh on friday said the nda government was working hard to improve the condition of farmers, claiming it was the first government ever to have resolved to double farm incomes by 2022.
addressing the states during niti aayog governing council meeting on april 23, modi had said, in a country where agricultural income is exceedingly important, budgets should be prepared immediately after the receipt of agricultural incomes for the year.
the deputy cm said the issue of farm loans had been tackled holistically by coming out with the settlement of indebtedness bill besides ensuring that farmers were not charged excessive interest.
on november 8, 2016, prime minister narendramodi announced the withdrawal of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes to flush out high-denomination fake currency, mostly printed in pakistan.
today, i want to thank farmers of gujarat for accepting my vision of conserving water through sprinklers, drip irrigation and micro irrigation tools, which significantly brought up ground water levels, said modi.
but overall, the entire state will be covered by march 2014, nilekani said and added that the state had been in the forefront of the uid programme and the linkage with direct benefit transfer schemes had also been a success in karnataka.
by ptinew delhi: buoyed by gst collections exceeding rs 1 lakh crore in april, finance minister arunjaitley today said it is a landmark achievement and a confirmation of increased economic activity.
compensation to farmers after joint survey report: cmapril 18, 2015, gangavati (koppal dist), dhns 2:32 istcompensation to farmers for the crops they have lost to unseasonal rain in five districts of the hyderabad-karnataka region would be given once officials of agriculture and revenue departments conduct a joint survey and submit a detailed report, chief minister ram said on friday.
partha paula day after the supreme court verdict on singur, chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday said farmers would get back their land within the stipulated time-frame set by the apex court and the land would also be made cultivable before being returned.
the goal, nilekani said, is to achieve widespread diffusion of aadhaar platform knowledge across new entrepreneurial ventures and existing software companies to assist and nurture aadhaar capabilities.
on the goods and service tax (gst) bill, arunjaitley said the congress was dissenting on their own bill.
the new capital region will be just 18km from the krishna riverfront and the farmers who part with their fertile land in this region will benefit immensely, babu said, trying to allay their fears.
at a joint press conference today,union home minister p chidambaram,nilekani and planning commission deputy chairman montek singh put up a united front,saying the npr and uid projects will proceed alongside to ensure that all indian citizens have a unique number by june 2013.
addressing a rally ahead of the second phase of voting in chhattisgarh on november 20, modi claimed the people did not have issues with demonetisation, but only a family.
referring to recent rumours about shortage of salt in the country, modi said this is being done by those whose black money is being rendered useless.
The Centre had submitted an affidavit last week on the demonetisation move in the Supreme Court, saying it is an attempt to unearth black money stashed over the last seven decades.
mumbai: hdfc chairman deepakparekh on friday said the goods and services tax (gst) regime can push up the country's growth by as much as 150-200 basis points (bps).
more than rs 130 crore in cash and jewellery has been seized and approximately rs 2,000 crore of undisclosed income has been admitted by the taxpayers, it addedin a major assault on black money and terror funding, prime minister modi on november 8 announced demonetisation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes and asked holders of such currencies to deposit it in bank accounts by december end.
chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)asserting that he was not against a loan waiver for farmers, chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday said it wasnt a lasting solution for their problems and that the state government had made investments worth rs 30,500 crore to make farmers self-reliant in the state.
many will question how deep an impact the gst will have on the economy in the near- and long-term, firms seem convinced that prospects will brighten as the new tax regime becomes clearer," said de lima.
continuing the attack on congress at another rally, raje said, rahulgandhi says that we have not waived off loans of any farmer, but in reality we have done so for 30 lakh farmers for upto rs 50k.
later in the day, punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal said payment to farmers for their harvest would flow electronically from tuesday, and rs 4,000 crore would be disbursed with 24 hours.
in kanpur, modi said demonetisation is a step to promote digital transactions to check black money.
(source: ap)prime minister narendramodi has asked 11 drought-hit states including maharashtra to take measures on a weekly basis for drought-proofing of villages till the monsoon arrives in the first week of june.
amarinder also announced upgradation of cooperative sugar mill at paniar in gurdaspur district for making it economically viable.
there was some slowdown visible given the global situation even prior to demonetisation in the last year, arunjaitley said.
bjp in its lok kalyan sankalp patra (manifesto) had promised to waive loans of small and marginal farmers, and prime minister narendramodi had said in his election speeches that writing off the farmers loans would be among the foremost tasks of the partys government.
all traders are clear about their registration because of the programmes conducted on gst awareness by fkcci in coordination with the commercial tax department and other trade bodies," b t manohar, chairman, state tax committee, federation of karnataka chambers of commerce & industry (fkcci), said.
however, finance minister arunjaitley said the pmgky response should not be seen in isolation as it was introduced after the income disclosure scheme (ids) and demonetisation exercise were carried out in the previous fiscal.
prime minister modi (pti /file photo) prime minister modi (pti /file photo)with still two months left till the goods and services tax (gst) roll out, prime minister modi on sunday said consensus on the new tax regime will go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism.
in last week of december, during the demonetisation period, prime minister narendramodi had announced a scheme to boost real estate and provide affordable houses to all.
we would certainly like a good, constructive and positive gst bill to be passed in the interest of the nation, but not a bill with the kind of flaws that the nda version of the bill has, congress leader shashitharoor told ani.
we will bring policies to facilitate investment by the corporate sector in agriculture, modi said.
(source: pti)despite the ongoing tension at the indo-pak border, the farmers in the states border-belt with pakistan would be allowed to harvest their produce at every cost, punjab chief minister park said on sunday.
gst with a far more efficient system, arunjaitley said, that will increase trade, tax collection and improve ease of doing business.
on relief measures for the middle class, arunjaitley said that in the last five years, not a single tax has been increased, gst has been brought down on most commodities, and income tax relief has been provided.
state seeks rs 362 crore for flood reliefbangalore, oct 31, 2014, dhns: 13:10 istcentral teams will visit drought-hit areas on nov 7 and 8: cmchief minister ram on thursday said the state government had convinced two central teams, which visited nine flood affected districts, about the severity of the devastation and was confident that the centre would approve the relief package of rs 362 crore it had sought.
our endeavour is to lead the revival of coconut farming and provide support to farmers with scientific protocols for value addition and processing, babu said.
also read | punish congress for treachery against farmers, honest taxpayers, says pmsix crore women belonging to all sections and categories were provided with lpg connections under the centre's ujjwala scheme in the last 32 months, modi said, adding, all the welfare schemes are being implemented in a balanced way to benefit all.
while rs 58,862 crore was for crop loan, rs 27,973 crore was given for agriculture term loan.
expressing gratitude to the people, modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment, 'digidhan' movement.
badal said a panel for farmers cause would be a real tribute to lok nayak jai prakash narayan.
(source: ani photo) rahul gandhi said he would force the bjp-led nda government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers.
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear, Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system.
jaitley said the demonetisation, coupled with the implementation of gst, will make india a single market instead of 30 different markets in the states, facilitaing free flow goods and services throughout the country.
modi said the budget has a distinct focus on farmers, youth, poor and neo-middle class and delivers on growth, equity and job creation.
now, with the government extending its loan waiver scheme to all debt-ridden farmers who had taken loans between 2001 and 2016, around 60 to 67 lakh farmers are set to benefit.
the monies saved through aadhaar is money fruitfully employed for the poor elsewhere, arunjaitley said.
we brought dbtl and took advantage of bank accounts opened under jan dhan scheme and aadhaar numbers to give subsidy straight to consumers, modi said.
These must be challenging times for the Congress wont to using black money during elections," Punjab Deputy Chief Minister Sukhbir Singh Badal told ET Magazine.
all-party delegation to be taken to delhi to resolve sugar cane issuebelagavi: july 1, 2015, dhns 1:10 istthe state government will pay the sugar cane farmers after auctioning the sugar stock seized from the factories, chief minister siddaramaiah has said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said an integrated scheme to ensure economic sustenance for small and marginal farmers was being worked out to put an end to farmer suicides in maharashtra.
ghaziapur: prime minister modi on monday said that the inconvenience faced by the common man due to demonetisation will not go in vain.
speaking to reporters in bengaluru, ram said that rahul would visit the houses of farmers who ended their lives due to debt in mandya district on october 9.
pti photothe odisha govenrment will explore the proposal to waive agricultural loans of farmers in the state, chief minister naveenpatnaik said on wednesday.
during an emotional address to the people in goa, prime minister modi yesterday said that he left his family and home to serve the nation, adding he understands the pain of the people who have been waiting in long queues to exchange their currencies.
replying to congress mla from palwal karan singh dalal, the finance minister assured the house that gst will benefit all.
prime minister modi had claimed the decision (note ban) was targeted at black money hoarders.
earlier this week, prime minister modi had said 99 per cent of goods and services will be brought in the 18-per-cent or less gst slabs and the highest slab restricted to just a few select luxury and sin goods.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today said it is not possible to have one gst rate as the country has vast disparities, but assured investors that government will undertake further reforms after improvement in tax compliance standards.
we have agreed to further strengthen our bilateral cooperation in defence and security, peaceful uses of atomic energy and outer space, science and technology, oil and gas, renewable energy, infrastructure development, agriculture and innovation-based sectors, naidu said.
punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal (file photo)punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal on monday announced a grant of rs 10 crore as compensation to farmers whose cotton crops were extensively damaged due to the whitefly menace.
maharashtra bjp chief devendra fadnavis on sunday said the state would have a separate budget for agriculture to tackle the socio-economic problems of farmers, if the bjp-led alliance was voted to power.
modi also said that food processing, dairy, agriculture and the related areas, including their supply chain, have a lot of scope for cooperation.
chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers(file photo) chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers(file photo)in a move to quell the tension that arose after farmers protest turned violent on tuesday in madhya pradesh, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on wednesday said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers.
the upa allies like the rjd, the ncp and the jd-u are openly supporting it, arunjaitley said, adding that even the congress-ruled states are for gst.
bhachau: prime minister modi today said the next generation should be taught to use water judiciously and advised farmers to use drip and sprinkler irrigation systems.
modi said opposition played all types of games in the last three months raking up issues like demonetisation and surgical strike.
fadnavis said the foremost task was to enhance the irrigation potential from 18 per cent to 27 per cent in phases.
lauding modis move against black money, chief minister park said that the drive would eradicate black money from india.
jaipur: rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje on thursday said it was first time in the history of the state that a government has waived farm loans of up to rs 50,000.
earlier, arunjaitley in a facebook post said demonetisation has helped in formalising the economy, expanding tax base and earmarking more resources for the poor.
in april this year, chief minister devendrafadnavis had told the indian express that the government has put in several plans in place to reduce the farmer suicides and the efforts will take time to show results.
heres a look:change in fiscal yearin his opening remarks, modi said that in a country like india where agricultural income is exceedingly important, budgets should be prepared immediately after the receipt of agricultural incomes for the year.
at the meeting of the bjp parliamentary party yesterday, prime minister narendramodi said the bill will benefit farmers and that the amendments brought by his government were based on suggestions and demands made by congress-ruled states and their chief ministers.
expressing concern over the spate of farmer suicides across the country, modi said that the banks should be more considerate towards the debt ridden farmers.
taking to twitter, gandhi said he will make every effort to secure the future of the farmers.
pti photoasserting that hard cash in india would become obsolete in the near future, union finance minister arun jaitley on monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people.
briefing reporters here, uidai chairman nandan nilekani said the electronic know your customer (ekyc) service from uidai will enhance customer convenience and greatly increase business efficiency across sectors that require proof of identity and address to open customer accounts.
no incentive for sugarcane farmers, says cmmandya: oct 18, 2014, dhns: 23:22 istchief minister siddaramaiah said, no incentive will be paid to sugarcane farmers like last year as a committee has been formed to fix price for the produce.
the constitution 122nd constitutional amendment bill was passed by the parliament on august 8, marking a historic step for tax reforms which prime minister modi said was 'crucial' for ending tax terrorism besides reducing corruption and black money while making the consumer 'king'.
Watch What Else Is making NewsAt a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, Jaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
prime minister narendramodi has said that steps will be taken to double the incomes of farmers in five years.
kishore tiwari, leader of farmers advocacy group vidarbha jan andolan samiti, said, hostile counselling alone will not work and distressed families should be assured of health, educational benefits, food security, special long-term loans for their daughters wedding.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today said the goods and services tax (gst) collections in the first two months have met the target and going forward the revenue will see a further surge.
chandigarh: trashing the union as a jumla , punjab chief minister amarindersingh on friday said it was a hogwash, which had nothing for farmers and youths but would burden the common man.
we must make the transactions cost-effective and strengthen cloud servers on the bank side, andhra pradesh chief minister babu , who heads the panel, said after submitting an interim report on digital payments to prime minister narendra modi.
siddaramaiah had announced that the government was allowing farmers to produce neera in the 2013-14 budget itself.
with farmers ending lives in the parched saurashtra region in an election year,chief minister narendramodi on tuesday announced an ambitious rs 10,000-crore irrigation project,to be called saurashtra narmada avtaran irrigation yojana (sauni),which aims to fill all 115 dams in the region with narmada water by interlinking a total of 87 rivers.
kau vice-chancellor r babu said, the proposal to establish a caast for knowledge and skill development on coconut-based secondary agriculture has been approved by the icar.
addressing a press conference in bengaluru, siddaramaiah said prime minister narendra modi had recently spoken about doubling the income of farmers by 2022, but no measure to make it a reality was reflected in the budget.
the cm also said rather than giving loan waivers, the state will focus on sustainable growth of agriculture.
on demonetisation, modi said his decision to ban notes has shaken congress to the core after the black money that they had hoarded turned valueless and was taken away in one stroke .
so far, an amount of rs. 999.67 crore had been disbursed as relief to about 2.02 lakh farmers, he added.
speaking at the valedictory ceremony of the golden jubilee celebration of the university of agricultural sciences, bangalore, ram said the commission would look into how farmers could get good prices for their produce.
likewise, badal also asked him to issue tubewell connections for farmers having land near the border fence on the top priority.
the centres demonetisation drive did not have any impact on rabi sowing and prices of crops like paddy, soyabean and maize, niti aayog member ram has said.
justifying the 2016 demonetisation, modi said it unearthed huge black money.
demonetisation, arunjaitley said, will act as a disincentive towards continuing to deal with shadow economy, and integration of informal with formal economy will increase the size of the gdp and make it cleaner.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavisaurangabad: the maharashtra government has launched some schemes which will help make the perennially parched marathwada region free of drought, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on tuesday.
sugar minister h s ram said none of the sugar factories across the country had cleared dues of farmers within 14 days of procurement of sugar cane.
drawing an analogy between the economic acumen of indira gandhi and modi, ram said the former took a revolutionary step to nationalise 14 banks in 1969 to enable farmers, daily-wagers and others to avail benefits of banking.
taking on the opposition and accusing it of misguiding people over cashless transactions, modi said that while on one hand they claimed that rajiv brought about the telecom revolution, on the other they contradict themselves by saying that their countrymen dont have means for cashless transactions.
finance minister etala rajender, announcing the breakthrough in the talks about goods and services tax (gst) with union finance minister arun jaitley, said that those goods attracting tax between nine per cent and 15 per cent would be now taxed at 12 per cent in telangana.
modi said after the poll results on march 11 bjp would celebrate vijayi holi and then after forming the government in the first cabinet meet it would waive off the loans of the farmers.
mr. sisodia was in agreement with their [traders] demands and assured them that he would bring up their concerns at the next meeting of the gst council on december 22 and 23, where the issue of jurisdiction will be discussed, said mr. goyal.
they are urging prosperous farmers to undertake hydroponic experiments and help bridge the gap in supply of fodder in their respective villages.
in a surprise move, prime minister modi last night announced demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes with effect from wednesday to fight the menace of black money, fake currency, corruption and terror financing.
pm wants 50 pc farmers to join crop insurance scheme in 2 yrsnew delhi, jan 31, 2016, (pti) 14:22 isthighlighting benefits of the just- announced crop insurance scheme, prime minister narendramodi today said awareness about it should be spread across the country so that at least 50 per cent of the farmers join it within two years.
in a recent letter to the prime minister, siddaramaiah said his government is willing to consider waiving 50  of farm loans extended by co-operative banks if the centre accepts his request.
by ianspalamau: in an obvious attack on the congress, prime minister modi on saturday said that he preferred to complete the pending irrigation projects to empower farmers instead of waiving their loans.
the project cost worked out to rs 18 lakh, involving 150 mushroom farmers, sanjeevkumar said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has already said loan waiver to farmers will be considered at an appropriate time.
the requirement of funds for the infrastructure, agriculture, horticulture, animal husbandry, women and child development, health and education sectors in the region is rs 16,000 crore, siddaramaiah said.
the move was aimed at saving groundwater while ensuring that farmers also get an incentive in the form of cash for their personal use, he said.
the black money problem, arunjaitley said, is a problem confined to few individuals.
Earlier, it was so much in cash and cheque.
on november 8 last year, prime minister modi announced the decision to demonetise all 1,000- and 500 rupee notes in an effort to curb black money and corruption.
modi said girls were today doing well in sports, in education and health sectors, and contributed significantly even in agriculture.
we are committed to welfare of farmers.
meanwhile, in an effort to cool tempers, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced more sops for the farmers.
on a day's visit to participate in the sabka saath sabka vikas (sssv) sammelan and other programmes organised by the bjp to mark three years of the narendra modi government at the centre, naidu said the waiver of farm loans depends on the financial viability of individual states.
if elected to power, the congress will write off debt of each farmer in chhattisgarh in 10 days, gandhi told the gathering.
on black moneys link to terrorism, modi said that enemies from across the border were running their operations using fake currency notes.
Das said the focus of the government is to activate all channels of distribution to ensure that cash is dispensed to the public".
lets resolve that by 2022 we will no longer have to import pulses i have been telling our universities our agricultural universities should take up each variety of pulses how to do research in it, how to do genetic engineering in it, how to increase productivity, how to increase protein content so that farmers get good prices, modi said.
bangalore, july 25, 2013, dhns: 23:32 istchief minister ram on thursday announced the formation of a cabinet sub-committee to suggest amendments to the forest dwellers (recognition of forest rights) act, 2006, to protect the interests of farmers who have been cultivating in forest land for many years.
on tuesday, rahulgandhi had said the opposition will not rest till the narendra modi government waives farm loans across the country.
nilekani added that uid would create for the first time in the country a national devices' infrastructure that is inter-operable .
after the implementation of gst, 35,000 businesses in gurgaon have registered themselves, manoharlalkhattar said.
hemant said initially prime minister modi had said that his government would safeguard farmers' land, but later tried to bring in land acquisition bill to usurp farmland.
stating that the government is working to strengthen agri-marketing in a big way, modi said the efforts are being made to link rural mandis to apmc wholesale markets to global market to enhance farmers income.
mocking the bsp and the samajwadi party, prime minister modi said both came together against the demonetisation scheme though they usually oppose each other on most topics.
replying to a query about opposition parties attacking the government over the issue, he said, prime minister modi while announcing the decision to invalidate rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 had said there will some inconvenience to people for the initial 50-day period after which the situation will ease out.
speaking on mondays protests against demonetisation, ram said they were not opposed to taking action against hoarders or eliminating fake currency.
partys general secretary digvijaya singh asked: upa had waived loans of farmers worth rs 72,000 crore.
in case the gst is not extended to the state, the businesses will be crippled as no trader from jammu and kashmir will be able to do business with their counterparts from other parts of the country," drabu said, adding the consumer in j-k will be the worst hit due to double taxation.
commerce and industry minister nirmalasitharaman today said amercian phone-maker apples demand for tax incentives to set up a manufacturing unit in the country will have be looked at after the goods and services tax (gst) is rolled out.
whatever may be the difficulty, our governmentis committed to maintaining fiscal discipline, and also saving you (farmers), kumaraswamy told the meeting after listening to farmers for about three hours.
the unique identity authority of india has been roped in to connect with mobile manufacturers to allow aadhaar-enabled banking transactions.
and those who don't have phones need simply use their aadhar cards to make payments at micro-atms, nilekani said.
on claims that names of many farmers have not figured in waiver lists, amarindersingh said names of only those had not been figured in the lists where some anomalies in names were there and the farmers should approach authorities concerned for corrections and waiver would be provided to the deserving farmers.
agra, nov 20, 2016 (pti) 18:46 istin poll-bound uttar pradesh, prime minister narendramodi today said his demonetisation decision had severly hit the parties whose leaders seek money in lieu of tickets for contesting assembly polls, in a veiled attack on bsp chief mayawati who has been facing such allegations.
new delhi: the prime minister modi on tuesday told the parliamentary board meeting of the bjp that the decision on demonetization is just the beginning of a long battle against black money and corruption.
addressing a farmers rally which coincided with the 75th birthday of bjp state president b s yeddyurappa, modi told the massive crowd: this seeda rupaiyya sarkar should not be allowed to continue even for a minute.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said friday, the budget has given greater impetus to tackle the agrarian crisis in wake of recurring drought for the fourth consecutive year.
mentioning the government programmes, modi said the crop insurance under the prime ministers fasal bima yojana has recorded a seven-fold jump in just one year of its launch.
speaking to reporters after holding a video-conference to review the drought relief work with deputy commissioners and chief executive officers of zilla panchayats of 12 districts of north karnataka, ram said the initial response from maharashtra had been positive.
in his speech to the joint sitting of both houses, president ram said, the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace.
farmers in maharashtra, who had been on a war path from june 1 to press for their various demands, had on june 11 called off their stir after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced loan waiver for them.
to provide legal back up, karnataka unanimously passed the gst bill 2017.
dr shoeb s. katrawala, who runs katrawala diagnostic centre on astodia road, says, mr modi has said that this is all being done to cut down black money, to cut off funds to terrorists and stop the flow of counterfeit money in the economy.
2: president pranabmukherjee today said states needed to come on board and develop an appropriate mechanism to roll out goods and services tax (gst).
all states have agreed on the rollout of gst from that date, arunjaitley said.
earlier, a rift developed among agitators as a group of farmers decided to call off the protest after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a partial loan waiver for small and marginal farmers on june 3.
in february 2016, prime minister modi had said farmers' income would be doubled by 2022 to mark 75 years of india's independence.
Responding to criticism of government on demonetisation by Trinmool Congress MP Saugata Roy, Jaitley said cash is root cause of many problems including the chit fund fraud which was witnessed in West Bengal.
farmers should have confidence as the government is with them, ram said.
chief minister siddaramaiah announced cloud seeding, in the backdrop of five consecutive droughts.
twitter.com/vvjmucevlq  ani (@ani) august 15, 20178:24 am: demonetisation has helped bring black money into formal economy: pm8:23 am: modi says after note ban, three lakh shell companies were detected; 1.
crediting adhia efforts on the gst rollout, arunjaitley said in his blog that it was his efforts supported by his team of officers of centre and state governments, which made it possible to hit the deadline of july 1, 2017.
even countries which are technologically far more advanced than india with comparatively much smaller size population do not have such a system in place, said pranabmukherjee , while complimenting the government for promotion of digital transactions.
the decision was also evaluated by the j-pal south asia and the world bank following the announcement of the project, chief minister capt amarindersingh had claimed that the project would encourage farmers to save power and water and would also help in crop diversification and result in accurate energy accounting and curbing wasteful consumption.
buoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister modi had yesterday said he was committed to root out corruption.
chief minister yogiadityanath in a statement in the assembly on tuesday said that his government has decided to provide subsidy to potato farmers for transportation of their produce to other places for better prices.
the committee that will be set up to monitor its implementation will have farmer representatives and ministers.
bhopal: before ending his 28-hour-long fast, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan today announced a series of measures for farmers, including declaring purchase of farm produce below the minimum support a criminal act.
modis predecessor manmohan singh had waived farm loans worth rs 72,000 crore, siddaramaiah said.
addressing a press conference at the secretariat on friday, mr. ramakrishnudu said the central government would compensate for the loss incurred by the states due to the rolling out of the gst.
chandigarh: haryana finance minister captain abhimanyu said decisions taken in the recent meeting of the goods and services tax (gst) council would immensely benefit the state as the council had decided to give compensation to the states for five years.
pm modi said he believes the only way to provide relief to distressed farmers is through a successful and effective crop insurance scheme.
(source: pti photo) the animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders, arunjaitley said, adding that this is the only effect of the notification.
b'rajasthan cm vasundhararaje (source: pti photo) rajasthan cm vasundhararaje (source: pti photo)demonetisation has hammered hard on corruption and the gst implementation has brought a positive change in the economy, rajasthan chief minister vasundhararaje said on thursday, lauding 3 years of modi government at centre.
not only farmers loans will be waived, but also educative programmes will be introduced, he said.
i am very happy that the mp government is working on afforestation, pm modi said while promising that the government is committed towards doubling the income of farmers in 2022.
siddaramaiah said that a report would be prepared after the cabinet sub-committees tour the state for assessing drought situation.
watch video: whats making newswe have a wider support and we have the numbers for the gst bill, but we would like to take all parties on board because it will have an effect on the states, naidu said.
prime minister modi had announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 last year, and said it was aimed at checking fake currency.
speaking to reporters after holding a video-conference to review the drought relief work with deputy commissioners and chief executive officers of zilla panchayats of 12 districts of north karnataka, siddaramaiah said the initial response from maharashtra had been positive.
jain said: the farmers will be provided with an online soil health card.
new delhi: vowing to carry forward the war against corruption and black money post-demonetisation, prime minister modi today said the government will soon operationalise a strong law to effectively deal with 'benami' properties and this was just the beginning.
taking a cue from advani,punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal said,a big issue has come up in the country nda chief ministers should first give in writing and announce their assets and tell the government that it can seize any black money they have.
the first guarantee given by any government should be that it will not let farmers die, modi said.
taking the nation by surprise, prime minister modi on the night of november 8 announced demonetisation of high-value notes with effect from midnight, in what he said was a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
while inaugurating the pune metro, modi , in a veiled attack on the congress for opposing demonetisation,said the sins of benami properties would not have happened and people would not be standing in queues now had necessary decisions been taken in the past.
modi said that these problems were being faced by sugarcane farmers across the country and the union government was a taking a number of steps to address them, said a press release from the prime ministers office.
Jaitley said the demonetisation, coupled with the implementation of GST, will make India a single market instead of 30 different markets in the states, facilitaing free flow goods and services throughout the country.
pm modi told network 18 group editor rahul joshi that after gst all the movement of goods from one state to the other will become seamless.
ghazipur (up): pummelling the congress and other parties which are opposing demonetisation, prime minister modi today said the corrupt were upset while the poor were enjoying a sound sleep after his decision and urged people to bear some inconvenience to root out graft.
thanking the 125 crore citizens (who have) proved that for them truth and honesty is important despite inconveniences post demonetisation, modi said corruption, black money and counterfeit currency had crippled the common man.
Speaking on Indian economy: The new normal in the aftermath of demonetisation, Jaitley said for the first time, such a decision was taken which was difficult to implement because of many challenges that came with it.
tax collection in the state is expected to touch 20% with the introduction of goods and services tax (gst) regime from july 1, finance minister t.m. thomas isaac has said.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan (file photo) madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan (file photo)madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan has said that the state government would provide rs 25,000 as financial assistance to the farmers, who lost 50 per cent of their crops during the recent hailstorm, for marriage of their daughters.
we have taken opinion of scientific community and considered interest of farming community in allowing their use, he said.
meanwhile, siddaramaiah on sunday told reporters in mysuru that he is waiting for union governments stand to take a decision of farm loan waiver.
a sincere attempt will be made to provide water to standing crops of our farmers, ram said.
it was in january this year, while speaking at the state credit seminar 2018-19 organised by the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard), manoharparrikar said the state government would go cashless by september 30.
continuing his drive to directly connect with the beneficiaries of his governments pet schemes, prime minister narendramodi today said he will on june 20 speak to farmers on issues concerning them and the agriculture sector.
on the criticism that almost the entire cash money got deposited in the banks post demonetisation, arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of demonetisation.
With regard to rural areas, he said the cash holding limit for  1.2 lakh banking correspondents (BCs) has been increased to Rs 50,000 and banks have been given flexibility to increase this limit on case to case basis.
chief minister naveenpatnaik has already announced his support for demonetisation move of the centre.
for the farmers welfare, modi said that the centre has framed many model acts and urged the states to implement them.
we have to give everyone an identity card (and) aadhaar is as good an identity as any, said gandhi , women and child development minister.
visiting surat as part of the ongoing campaign of the narendra modi-led nda government to celebrate four years the bjp rule, smritiirani said that the textile businessmen facing issues with refund under integrated goods and services tax (igst) would be heard at special camps being organised by the finance ministry.
reap crop insurance benefit: pm modibelagavi: feb 28, 2016, dhns: 1:43 istthe centre will not hesitate to spend for the welfare of farmers, said prime minister narendramodi , as he set out to explain details of the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana at a farmers convention in belagavi on saturday.
citing a study by international rating agency moodys, naidu said that indias growth story is running the risk of being jeopardised on account of slow progress on major legilsative reforms like gst and claimed that the legislation, if passed could add  1.5 per cent to 2 per cent to the gdp growth of the country.
the ministers have been told to tour all talukas and find out whether the steps taken and government schemes being implemented were reaching the farmers and whether the villagers had any grievances to make, he said.
the aadhaar integrated services would ensure that the services reached the right person, preventing wastage or diversion of benefits, mr. dalwai said.
bikaner: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh today said 'the pradhan mantri krishi sinchayee yojna (pmksy)' will help deal with the menace of drought as more area will be covered under the irrigation scheme.
the alternative source of livelihood such as dairy, fisheries or poultry farming is being worked region wise to ensure farmers can survive even if their crops fail.
watch video: whats making newsemphasizing that the gst bill is in the larger interest of the country, naidu said, we have a wider support and we have enough numbers for gst but we would like to have all parties on board because it will have an effect on states.
when i talk of development, i want to put emphasis on six things, modi said, adding that this six-point programme will ensure irrigation facilities to farmers and power connection to villages and industries.
prime minister modi had announced the pm crop insurance scheme, the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana, in 2015.
expectations of a positive outcome from the gst council did insulate us from the adverse effect of global volatility," said vinod nair, head of research, geojit bnp paribas financial services.
Roughly whatever has been taken out by the end of the month, about at least 50 per cent of the notes which were in circulation, which were actually in circulation, at least 50 per cent of the notes would have been supplied in another 10-15 days, Das said.
in its efforts to fight the black money menace as well as curb corruption, prime minister modi on november 8 last year announced cancelling old rs 500 and 1,000 notes.
speaking on use of technology in agriculture, ram said, karnataka is in the forefront.
modi said loan waiver of small and marginal farmers would be the first decision if the bjp came to power in the state.
there is considerable ease in using aadhaar-based authentication apart from several advantages with the entire process being realti me, uidai ceo ajay bhushan pandey told toi.
addressing the officials of the commercial taxes department here on thursday, yanamala said that the state has overcome the initial troubles due to the implementation of the goods and services tax (gst).
Jaitley further said the collection figures with regard to income tax, excise tax and realisation of VAT by states, with the exception of two states, have gone up post demonetisation.
to this, modi said these problems were being faced by sugarcane farmers across the country and the union government is a taking a number of steps to address them.
when modi asked the country to try out digital payments following the governments demonetisation move, kumar took on the cudgels to make palnar cashless.
at the recent global conference on cyberspace, prime minister modi said, i am sure most of you are already aware of aadhaar, which is the unique biometric identity of a personthrough better targeting of subsidies, the jam (jan dhan-aadhaar-mobile) trinity has prevented leakages to the tune of nearly $10 billion so far.
prime minister narendramodi , in his second interview to a private news channel, said that theres mistrust between states sometimes on taxes, but the introduction of gst will make this process very transparent.
UIDAI regional deputy director Ashok Dalwai said the Centre has asked regional offices to furnish a database on Aadhaar-linked beneficiaries (existing and proposed) under various public services like subsidized LPG, pension schemes, student scholarship and PDS.
amid the din, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah ram said the government was ready to discuss the farmer's suicide, which is a important, serious and urgent.
new delhi: hinting at the recent incidents of atrocities against dalits, president pranabmukherjee on sunday said that attacks on weaker sections of the society were aberrations, which needed to be dealt with firmly, even as he hailed the consensus achieved for the passage of the goods and services tax bill (gst) in parliament.
yesterday, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had said the government will announce a loan waiver before october 31 and about 1.
picture by saikat santra kharagpur, april 3: bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee today announced a waiver of agricultural land tax that is expected to cost the government rs 200 crore in revenues annually and advised the centre to follow the example to write off farm loans.
prime minister modi on april 8 had announced higher compensation and government aid for farmers suffering due to unseasonable rains.
assuring that his government was duty-bound to fulfill every promise made to the people in its election manifesto, amarindersingh said the state had approached the union government for the loan waiver.
this story is from december 12, 2018picture used for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citybhopal: a year after the incident of firing in mandsaur leading to death of six farmers, the congress president gandhi in june this year announced that the farmers loan would be waived within 10 days if his party comes to power in madhya pradesh.
as many leaders were opposed waving loans borrowed by mlas, mlcs, and representatives of local bodies, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said even employees of co-operatives earning a salary of rs. 3 lakh a year and some individuals paying income tax of rs. 3 lakh a year have borrowed farm loans.
reminding the gathering that the upa government had waived farmers loans worth around rs 70,000 crore, rahul said that congress leaders including him, the then prime minister manmohan singh as well as party president sonia gandhi had held a big rally to inform the public about loan waivers.
before leaving for australia, abhimanyu said the indian delegation was visiting the country as gst had been implemented in a better way there and in new zealand.
on friday, as he got up to welcome m venkaiah naidu as rajya sabha chairman, pm modi said that it is a reflection of the strength of our constitution and the maturity of our democracy that all top constitutional positions today are occupied by the poor and sons of farmers or commoners.
complete 'aadhar' coverage in karnataka by june next: cmbangalore, july 16, 2013 (pti): 18:03 istkarnataka chief minister ram today said plans have been formulated to cover the entire state under the 'aadhaar' project by june next year.
speaking on the gst bill, modi asked the party to prepare a booklet that will also include details of 100 schemes initiated by the nda government and get the message across to the people  especially how the proposed tax regime will help small traders, a core support base of the bjp.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said small traders and businesses will get a tax advantage of more than 30 per cent for digital transactions.
no doubt, there was a wave for modi in 2014, but farmers are disenchanted with him now, said sugar cane grower uday vir singh, 53, plonking down on a wicker chair and smoking his hookah.
modi said he is happy that note ban has exposed the 'kala dhan' (black money) as well as 'kale mann' (ill-intentions) of many.
terming the rail roko agitation by farmers as unfortunate, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal said the state government was ready to accept every genuine demand of the peasantry.
delivering the 38th edition of his 'mann ki baat', prime minister narendramodi said, can our farmers take a pledge to bring down urea use by half by 2022?
The government has allowed citizens to deposit in their bank accounts old currency of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000, which has been declared invalid in the countrys biggest crackdown on black money, corruption and counterfeit notes, between November 10 and December 30.
in a statement issued here, chamber president n. jegatheesan said that a gst trade body could comprise representatives of trade and industry drawn from across the country to provide suggestions and conduct parleys with the finance ministers of various states and the union finance minister.
claim: mr modi claimed that the governments schemes will double farmers income by 2022.
the changes in land act is aimed at ensuring faster processing without compromising on compensation or reclamation and rehabilitation (r&r) measures to farmers, prime minister modi said.
this would further increase after implementation of the gst bill, he said adding that the world bank and other financial institutions had also hailed the gst bill.
prime minister modi said he would lessen the suffering of farmers.
the sale of land and immovable property should be part of gst so that input tax credit can flow freely in the system, ram said at a conference.
demonetisation was a bold and decisive strike in a series of measures to arrive at a bigger, cleaner and real gdp, arunjaitley told pti at karnali village, around 72 km from here.
after demonetisation, the poor are enjoying a sound sleep while rich are running from pillar to post to buy sleeping pills, modi said as he tried to rally public support in poll-bound uttar pradesh, picking up from where he left yesterday in his speeches laced with emotion and aggression in goa and belagavi.
speaking at the csir's platinum jubilee, modi said that he looks forward to csir making an important contribution to the current governments mandate of doubling the income of the farmers income by 2022, the year the country celebrates 75 years of its independence.
chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals may have announced that families of suicide victims will be given rs 3 lakh in compensation `50,000 in cash and the remaining to be deposited in the familys account.
the government has taken significant steps to check corruption and menace of black money in a short span of time, modi said at the inauguration of sixth global focal point conference (gfpc) on asset recovery here at vigyan bhavan.
rahul will visit kin of peasants who ended lives: siddaramaiahbengaluru, july 25, 2015, dhns: 0:58 istcongress vice president rahul gandhi will soon visit karnataka again for two days to meet some of the family members of farmers who committed suicide recently, chief minister siddaramaiah said on friday.
Aadhaar example of using technology to leapfrog: NilekaniMelbourne, Oct 16, 2013, (PTI) : 9:29 ISTAadhaar project is an example ofusingmodern technology to leapfrog for future development and transformation of a country, UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani has said".
amrg & associates partner rajat mohan said low gst collections might lead to high fiscal deficit for states and hence tax and non-tax resources available exclusively to states' authorities might be tapped".
siddaramaiah also said that the prime minister promised him to study the proposal on granting fund and take immediate steps to release rs 723 crore for disbursal among farmers who have suffered crop loss during the rabi season.
lauding prime minister narendra modi for his decisiveness, arunjaitley said unlike the previous prime minister (manmohan singh), modi has been decisive in taking steps with regard to demonetisation, surgical strike against pakistan and the goods and services tax (gst).
during the talks, modi said india and vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration, renewable energy, agriculture and textiles.
even as the increased provisions for infrastructure, railways, roads, ports and agriculture to double the farmers income in the last five years is praiseworthy, ram said yet the expectations of corporate sector, industry and trading bodies were not fully met.
the congress government, on the other hand, had waived over rs 70,000 crore in farm loans across the country, he added.
we would also be happy to share best practices in organic farming with kenyan farmers, prime minister modi said in a statement following the talks.
modi has also asked bankers to ensure that all jan dhan bank accounts are linked to aadhaar or unique identification numbers allotted to people.
modi to stress on black money at g-20 summitnew delhi, nov 11, 2014, dhns: 0:29 istprime minister modi on monday said that he would stress on international cooperation against black money in his interventions at the g-20 summit in australia.
Replying that the government cannot sit in every bank, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years.
prime minister narendramodi too had said in his campaign speeches that writing off farm loans would be among the foremost tasks of the bjp government in uttar pradesh.
1 bn Aadhaar cards soonTalking about Aadhaar, Nilekani said 910 million people have the cards and this number will reach one billion by March 2016.
countries that rolled out gst have witnessed higher economic growth, says udit ram , adding that an online database of taxes will increase transparency.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said it was too early to assess the impact of demonetisation.
ssp lucknow deepakkumar said the gang used to advertise on social networking sites , inviting application from unemployed people willing to open customer service centre (csc) for issuance of aadhaar card, pan card, income certificate, caste certificate, domicile certificate and providing money transfer facility.
finance minister arunjaitley said that the rates of commodities will depend on its consumers, whether rich or common person, but the gst will make them slightly cheaper.
aadhaar example of using technology to leapfrog: nilekanimelbourne, oct 16, 2013, (pti) : 9:29 istaadhaar project is an example ofusingmodern technology to leapfrog for future development and transformation of a country, uidai chairman nandan nilekani has said.
It has been decided that for wedding ceremonies which are going on, up to Rs  2.50 lakh will be permitted to be drawn from the bank account.
the turnover limit for registration under goods and services tax (gst) has been increased from rs 20 lakh to rs 40 lakh, modi said.
new delhi: president pranab mukherjee on sunday said that the aadhar card initiative is a watershed event in the development of the country.
by providing pos machines to traders, we will help farmers buy farm inputs without cash, fadnavis said.
in the same year, nearly a month after prime minister narendramodi announced the decision to scrap old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, it was reported that a record number of 564 maoists surrendered in the last 28 days.
finance minister arunjaitley says 60  of the items presently taxed at 32   a composite of the several taxes that gst will be replacing  will be reduced at four percentage points less.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said, farm ponds will be significant for farmers, as creation of permanent assets for holding water would help them reap their fields next seasons even if there is poor rainfall.
water and power are two things we are committed to provide to farmers to make them self-reliant.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis announced a rs 30,000 crore loan waiver  the biggest such write-off in the states history.
chief secretary tom ram said the government decided to extend the moratorium considering the pathetic state of farmers.
it is important to empower poor farmers with information and communication technology to increase farm productivity and protect their livelihoods, siddaramaiah said.
meghwal said that after the demonetisation move, the digital transactions at petrol pumps have shown a remarkable increase.
modi said his government was investing the money recovered post-demonetisation on carrying out public works and funding welfare schemes.
a day after the state government agreed to meet demands of farmers, thousands of whom marched to the city from nashik, chief minister devendra fadnavis on tuesday listed decisions agreed upon in the meeting between the kisan morcha organisers and the state.
referring to the passage of the key economic reform measure gst in parliaments monsoon session, modi said it demonstrated the countrys unity of vision.
addressing media persons here on thursday to share his first impressions about the union budget, mr. rajender said that the centre had announced rs. 2,000 crore would be allocated for minimum support price (msp) operations for all crops but this amount should be increased if it is to truly benefit the farmers.
watch what else is making newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, jaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
in an interview to pti, finance secretary ashok lavasa said over  1.7 lakh pos machines have already been installed at public distribution system (pds) shops and more will be done in next few months.
these can be converted into opportunities if you (farmers) help me and states implement the various schemes properly, modi said.
piloting the legislation, agriculture minister radhamohansingh said the bill only shows the commitment of the modi government towards northeastern states.
the number of new jobs due to be created this year will be dependent on how demonetisation affects sector, for which we have to wait till the financial year end, said modi , president of federation of telangana and andhra pradesh chamber of commerce and industry (ftapcci), who runs an sme.
In the long term, this landmark step will increase the size of official economy and reduce the shadow economy, Jaitley said.
PTI PhotoAddressing party MPs at the BJPs Parliamentary party meeting, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said that the Prime Minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities.
addressing a rally here, modi said, my justice is a little 'karak' (strong) - referring to the demonetisation move to uproot corruption.
aadhaar platform is now ready to support payments under various schemes directly to the beneficiaries accounts in select areas, mukherjee said.
in the next 100 days, lakhs of families are going to receive crores of rupees as gift, but you will be entitled to this gift only if you make use of mobile banking, e-banking, rupay card, upi (unified payment interface), ussd (unstructured supplementary service data) for digital payments, modi said.
accusing the previous governments of being responsible for the sorry state of affairs in the state, yogiadityanath said work will be done to make development agriculture-based as it is main source of income.
from seed to market, give all facilities to the farmers, modi said.
now, we want to ensure 50  of the farmers avail the insurance, said modi.
mandsaur farmers protest: union minister naidu said that madhya pradesh is an island of calm, while urging congress to not politicise the issue.
press trust of india, dharwad, may 28 2017, 0:17 istthe future of agriculture in india depends on reclaiming 147 million hectares of land which has been degraded for various reasons, a s kirankumar , the chairman of indian space research organisation (isro), has said.
The Prime Minister had the temerity to take such a hard decision to fight black money and corruption.
after prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8, the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy.
read | amid complaints, up cm yogi orders framing of anti-romeo guidelinesfarmer loan waiverat his first cabinet meeting, yogiadityanath said the state government would waive loans of rs 36,359 crore taken by about 94 lakh small and marginal farmers uttar pradesh.
(pti)kullu/palampur: prime minister narendramodi has said that effigy-burning would not deter him from the fight against corruption and black money, alluding to the congress's call for protests on november 8, the first anniversary of the demonetisation.
fadnavis said, apart from the budgetary provisions for irrigation projects, rs 1,000 crore for flagship jalyukta shivar abhiyan will help in rolling out several thousand water conservation works in 5,500 villages reeling under drought.
new delhi: microsoft ceo satyanadella on wednesday announced the integration of skype and aadhaar to launch the skype lite for low speed mobile internet connections, which will be supported by aadhaar and will enable technology that can empower people and organisations.
In the long term, this landmark step will increase the size of official economy and reduce the shadow economy, Jaitley said.
both because it is desirable, (and) also to tackle the problem of black money and things like that, chief economic adviser ram said.
the planning commission today said the nandan nilekani-led uidai project is better than the one being advocated by the home ministry for capturing data regarding residents and improving the delivery of the government schemes.
modi said his government believes that efforts should be made to bring back black money and the government was doing that.
you just count for 10 days  our government will come up with policy to waive farmer debt, said gandhi.
punjab chief minister amarindersingh on saturday said he is committed to farm loan waiver and his government would soon find ways and means to bail out the debt-ridden farmers-- with or without the centres aid.
modi said the return of black money into the banking system had brought along with it a treasure trove of data that would help his government punish wrongdoers.
and across the states, we find an urge now, that they want to get out of the rigmarole and see brighter ways, ram said, adding that the roll out of the gst, aadhar platform and mobile connectivity were creating conditions for inclusive growth.
this is not a tactical, but a strategic partnership, where uidai will leverage the existing infrastructure of the dop to reach out to the masses for providing uid, uidai chairman nandan nilekani said while signing the agreement.
agra: in poll-bound uttar pradesh, prime minister modi today said his demonetisation decision had severly hit the parties whose leaders seek money in lieu of tickets for contesting assembly polls, in a veiled attack on bsp chief mayawati who has been facing such allegations.
why they don't help farmers in distress, modi said addressing an election rally at rohaniya, on the outskirts of his parliamentary constituency varanasi.
explaining why the government decided to go for demonetisation, arunjaitley said if people had to buy property, they were asked as to how much money would be paid in cash and how much by cheque, and such immoral practices continued.
this would be in addition to the rs 25,000 crore promised by the state government to mobilise resources through agriculture tax to invest in the farm sector.
modi said the bridge would open new road for the high- quality ginger grown by farmers of the region and improve their economic condition.
prime minister narendramodi had recently said the new uttar pradesh government would take a decision on a loan waiver scheme for farmers of the state.
mumbai: uidai chairman nandan nilekani said it platforms could open up a huge app economy, transforming the way healthcare and education services are delivered in the country.
speaking at an interactive session with the members of merchants chamber of commerce and industry in kolkata on thursday, smritiirani said, nsc will supply these certified seeds to the jute farmers in the state through different central and state government agencies.
by iansjaipur: the time has come to usher in another green revolution and the congress will do it if comes to power after the lok sabha polls, congress president rahulgandhi said at a farmers' outreach here on wednesday.
referring to black money, arunjaitley said the government is proceeding as per the rulebook, and added making public defaulters names via a process other than judicial would indirectly benefit those stocking black money abroad.
???? In a review meeting, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley told the officers that Aadhar card numbers may also be seeded with bank accounts as the same will help in directly transferring the subsidies to the bank accounts of the desired sections of the society under Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) scheme.
the sco has a rich agenda for cooperation, ranging from fighting terrorism, separatism and extremism to promoting cooperation in connectivity, commerce, customs, law, health and agriculture; protecting the environment and mitigating disaster risk, and fostering people-to-people relations, modi said in a pre-departure statement.
congress vice-president gandhi said on wednesday the uttar pradesh governments decision to waive off crop loans of up to rs 1 lakh of small and marginal farmers in the state is a partial relief but a step in the right direction.
last week, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the marathwada region will be made drought-free in the next few years.
when the members pressed for waiving of farm loans, siddaramaiah said farmers have availed rs 10,000 crore from co-operative banks and rs 35,000 crore from commercial banks.
at the core of all my governments policies is the welfare of the garib, dalit, pidit, shoshit, vanchit, kisan, shramik and yuva, pranabmukherjee said in his address.
union finance minister arun jaitely told the bjp mps that the demonetisation would help india embrace digital economy.
open to changes in land bill that benefit poor: pmnew delhi: may 28, 2015, dhns 2:14 istparties should keep aside political motives: modiamendments in the land acquisition bill in the interest of farmers, poor, village and nation will be accepted, prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday asserting that along with gst bill the measure will be passed by parliament in a matter of time.
new delhi, jun 26 () following are the top businessnew delhi, jun 26 () following are the top business stories at 2000 hrs today:del15 biz-gst-jaitley-jknew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today asked jammu and kashmir to roll out gst from july 1 as failure to implement it will lead to adverse impact of price rise and put local industry at a disadvantage.
in an interview for a tv news channel, modi said people voted on demonetisation during the 2017 assembly election in uttar pradesh and on gst in the 2018 assembly election in gujarat.
urging the farmers to partner with the state in generation of power, modi said, farmers can install solar panels on their farm borders.
whatever the reasons and the circumstances, the gst should have been allowed to be introduced in parliament in the monsoon session to facilitate the way for its eventual passage, amarindersingh said in a statement on friday.
on november 8, prime minister modi announced the government's decision to withdraw legal tender status of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, a move aimed at eliminating black money and curbing terror financing.
however, modi told nda leaders to focus on positives like indias progress on several fronts, including its jump in the ease of doing business ratings, and reform measures such as gst to underline his governments efficient handling of the economy.
fadnavis also said his government was positive about the loan waiver to farmers but did not promise an upa lokayukta for nagpur civic body.
finance minister arun jailtey (file photo) finance minister arun jailtey (file photo)the implementation of the goods and services tax (gst), coupled with a digitised economy ushered in by demonetisation, will make indias economy look much cleaner and bigger, said union finance minister arun jaitley at the vibrant gujarat global summit wednesday.
we are simply providing a data bank of identity and residence proof and as munda government has expressed interest in linking it with pds, mgnrega payment, payment of scholarship to students and old age pension through aadhaar numbers, other states and the centre need to expedite the process of linking different service delivery mechanisms with the aadhaar number, he said.
meanwhile, chief minister ram on friday said there was no need to convene the special session of the legislature as the president has already given his assent to the gst constitutional amendment bill.
finance minister arunjaitley said nabard provides refinance to approved financial institutions out of the nrc (long term operation) fund and nrc (stabilisation) fund for undertaking agricultural activities.
after inspecting the rain-hit areas, animal husbandry minister radhakrishnan said the department officials were instructed to provide enough fodder to the cattle and also conduct a survey on the death toll to assist the cattle farmers.
now, the thumb (used for aadhaar-based transactions) has become your strength, said modi.
speaking at the programme, ram said banks have been strictly told not to serve notices on farmers, demanding repayment of loans till the region receives a good spell of rains and yield.
we have set up an agriculture price commission with rs.1,000 crore revolving support price fund for market intervention to ensure farmers do not suffer losses in the event of prices for their crops fall below production cost, siddaramaiah said.
talking to reporters later, manoharparrikar said those who sponsor terror will be affected by the demonetisation.
at a meeting held with top officials of national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard), and the ministries of agriculture and finance, fadnavis said, crop loan (disbursements) should be raised to cover larger number of farmers with an attempt to lessen their dependence on private money lenders.
our pro-poor schemes such as cheaper foodgrain to poor people, free milk supply to students, interest-free loans to farmers and welfare schemes to other sections of society are benefiting the people across the state, ram said.
over and above msp, we have decided to give a bonus of rs 425 per quintal for pulses and rs 100-200 per quintal for oilseeds, agriculture minister radhamohansingh told reporters after the cabinet meeting.
naidu also said that all the farm and gold loans taken by farmers will be waived by the government by january 22.
responding to a starred question by congress mlc h m revanna in the legislative council, ram said that around 2,000 farmers had applied for subsidies for installing shade nets and polyhouses in their field.
the way the fitment discussions have happened in the gst council and the way commodities and services have been treated, gst is only going to help in improving our exports, ram said at a media conference to brief three years achievements of her ministry.
before the gst was rolled out, there were 65 lakh registered enterprises; the number has risen by 55 lakh, modi said.
addressing his first public rally in poll-bound uttar pradesh post the demonetisation drive, modi said: i want to assure you that your inconveniences will not go in vain.
after assuming power, chief minister yogiadityanath had announced loan waivers of up to rs 1 lakh relating to small and marginal farmers.
chidambaram also said the government was mulling incorporating aadhar numbers in the future resident identity cards of the national population register(npr), which falls under the home ministry.
market watchers claim many farmers had stopped repaying loans soon after aicc president rahulgandhi announced plans to waive farm loans up to rs 2 lakh in 10 days after coming to power in madhya pradesh.
(pti photo)calling for a relook at the proposal to link rivers in the country, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said that if water management is given importance, there would be no farmer suicides.
new delhi, may 26, 2015, (pti): 18:21 istmaking a strong pitch for growth of farmers, prime minister modi today said the country cannot move forward without their progress and called for increase in crop productivity by 50 percent.
sources said that modi could also announce a host of welfare schemes for the farmers at the rally, which comes two days before former prime minister chaudhary charan singh's birth anniversary.
In order to make transaction through cards cheaper, Das said RBI has asked National Payments Corporation of India to waive its various transaction charges.
mandsaur farmers protest: union minister m.venkaiahnaidu said that madhya pradesh is an island of calm, while urging congress to not politicise the issue.
earlier, uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath had announced crop loan write-offs of not more than rs one lakh costing the exchequer to the tune of rs 36,000 crore.
the left parties have compromised with their ideology even as their mentors and communist leaders jyoti basu and harkishan singh surjeet had supported the idea of demonetisation, modi said.
in this year budget we have introduced a new scheme pm kishan sanman nidhi, under which an amount of rs 6000 will be deposited to the account of the farmers per year who have only five acres of cultivable land in order to support them, modi said and assured all possible support to the state.
vardhan said, prime minister modi had asked multi-national companies to mix their carbonated drinks with fruit juices to help farmers of the country.
today, i challenge them to spell out a single step that they had taken during 10-year of their rule against black money, finance minister arun jaitley said while replying to the debate.
on the goods and services tax (gst), modi asked the states to make legislative arrangements without delay for the rollout of the indirect tax regime from july 1.
modi said rs 603 crore would be made available with karnataka in 2016-17 for water conservation and drought proofing under various central government schemes.
Terming the decision historic, Jaitley said : what was normal from last 70 years that this much in cash and this much in cheque but now the Prime Minister has created a new normalToday every honest citizen feels that a premium has been given for his honesty.
this story is from december 12, 2018picture used for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citybhopal: a year after the incident of firing in mandsaur leading to death of six farmers, the congress president rahulgandhi in june this year announced that the farmers loan would be waived within 10 days if his party comes to power in madhya pradesh.
in his speech at a function in pune, modi said, enemies took advantage of the 14 lakh crore of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes in circulation.
apart from continuing incursions from across the border, there was sufficient ground to believe that black money remained a serious concern despite a 86  old currency getting frozen overnight following the demonetisation, said amarindersingh , citing reports of frequent seizures of large sums of unaccounted for, new currency.
making a suo moto statement today in lok sabha on the trade pact clinched at the wto meeting at geneva last night, commerce minister ram said besides accepting its concerns on public stockholding, the deal by the 160-member body allows india to continue with its policy to provide minimum support price to farmers.
dh news service, bengaluru, jun 10 2017, 1:10 istchief minister ram announced that he would meet the president to seek his assent for karnatakas land reforms bill which provides for giving agriculture labourers rights over houses built on land not belonging to them.
watch video | find out what pm narendramodi told cabinet over demonetisation decisionin the worlds largest democracy the demonetisation was revolutionary: it called into question the states promise to pay the bearer the face value on every banknote.
to prepare the ground for introduction of goods and services tax (gst) regime that envisage higher threshold for registration, siddaramaiah announced that the ceiling for registering with the commercial taxes department will be increased from rs 5 lakh turnover per year to rs 7.
prime minister modi modiprime minister modi on thursday asked his party mps to expose the lies and disinformation campaign of the opposition over the governments stand on obcs and the gst legislation by studying the facts and creating the right awareness about them.
allowing fdi in multi-brand retail will bring in much needed investments, technologies and efficiencies to unlock the true potential of the agricultural value chain, ram said.
the constitution mandates the gst has to come in place before september 16, 2017 and states who do not do it will lose the right to collect taxes, said the fm.
indian prime minister modi announced a 0 million line of credit to kenya for agricultural mechanisation.
jaitley also said the aadhaar should be linked with filing of income tax returns to curb tax evasions.
the current buoyancy in the market is led by positive cues such as gst, state elections and fii inflows," vinod nair, head of research, geojit financial services, said.
using his personal app to connect with the partys kisan morcha leaders in karnataka , modi asked his party workers to propagate several farmerfriendly schemes introduced by his government over the past four years.
gujarat chief minister vijayrupani on sunday announced changes in the norms for spending annual grant of rs 1 crore to each mla for local area development (lad) to help projects like swachh bharat mission and farmers market, as per the recommendations of the cabinet sub-committee.
why can we not have a blue economy, and why should our farmers not export their produce, said modi.
Aadhar chairman Nandan Nilekani said all certified partners would be able to embed authentication features in their applications.
deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi , who is in charge of the commercial taxes department, had announced in august the possibility of convenience centres for traders' ease in filing gst returns.
new delhi: the unique identification authority of india (uidai) will move the supreme court to explain its position related to the aadhaar scheme and also make a bid to save the upa's showpiece initiative which aims at ensuring transparency in accessing public services and payment of subsidies.
prime minister narendramodi told the all party meeting that goods and services tax (gst) legislation is in the interest of nation and the finance minister will speak to parties concerned to address their doubts on it, naidu said after the meeting.
(photo | ani)agra: prime minister modi on sunday said political leaders behind multi-crore chit fund scams are attacking him as they have been hit hard by demonetisation, in remarks seen as a sharp attack on west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee.
addressing the convention organised by the bharatiya janata party at the angadi institute of technology and management, modi said farmers who are not able to cultivate lands due to dry spells during the sowing season would also get insurance cover.
you just count for 10 days our government will come up with policy to waive farmer debt, said gandhi.
Terming the decision historic, Jaitley said : what was normal from last 70 years that this much in cash and this much in cheque but now the Prime Minister has created a new normalToday every honest citizen feels that a premium has been given for his honesty.
modi said his government implemented the goods and services tax (gst) in larger public interest and to boost the nations tax collection.
modi said farmers should employ modern techniques like greenhouse farming,tent-house and polyhouse farming.
after the meeting, ram told reporters that the veteran congress leader has asked the government to pay cash compensation to farmers in cauvery basin who have suffered crop losses due to non-release of water through the canals.
the fm said the new government had inherited a huge number of unpaid bills of the previous governmentthe subsidy bill and the central sales tax compensation, but hoped to meet the challenge of meeting the fiscal deficit target of 4.
referring to two young entrepreneurs working in sikkim on an agriculture start-up, pm modi said, it is a great way of linking agriculture to the start-up india campaign.
But overall, the entire State will be covered by March 2014, Nilekani said and added that the State had been in the forefront of the UID programme and the linkage with direct benefit transfer schemes had also been a success in Karnataka.
special: experience the first 50 days after demonetisation through 50 exclusive stories from tnieterming the criticism, that almost the entire cash got deposited in the banks post demonetisation, as ill-informed, arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of demonetisation.
BHUBANESWAR: Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday said Prime Minister Narendra Modi has created a new normal for the countrys economy by breaking all stereotypes of the past through his demonetisation move.
we would like to focus all our resources to bringing back black money to the books, arunjaitley said.
gst collections in april exceeding rs 1 lakh crore is a landmark achievement and a confirmation of increased economic activity as brought out by other reports, arunjaitley said in a tweet.
earlier, mamatabanerjee had announced that land would be returned to farmers after the end of durga puja.
demonetisation will help us achieve an honest economy and help improve the lots of the poor, said modi.
as refunding is a big issue, the gstn decided on complete online refunding from september 24 this year from a single source, either by the central gst or state gst, modi said.
siddaramaiah, during the meeting today, also announced that all cases against farmers during kalasa-banduri protest will be withdrawn.
our mantra is to provide education to boys and girls, income for youth, irrigation facility to farmers and medicines to elders, modi said.
citing his government's schemes like jan dhan yojana and aadhaar, modi said these efforts have saved more than rs 1,10,000 crore of public money from going to fake beneficiaries.
by ptinew delhi: the bjp government is sincerely working to solve the problems faced by farmers, who were treated merely as vote bank by previous governments, prime minister modi said at the saffron party's national convention here saturday.
modi, during his lok sabha poll campaigns, had repeatedly announced that he would ensure adequate price to the farmers for their produce.
dharwad: aadhaar is not only a foundation of unique identification of residents of india, but also the sheet anchor for all the services and facilities, a resident of india is entitled to get from the government said deputy director general 'aadhaar' uidai regional office (bangalore) ashok dalwai.
finance minister arunjaitley said the gst council meeting on monday made a significant headway and the issue of cross-empowerment or dual control was resolved.
in an attempt to weed out black money, prime minister narendramodi had announced the decision to scrap old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 last year.
speaking at an assocham event, lavasa said aadhaar can become the single identity proof for an array of services.
picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: all bihar districts would get dedicated feeders for agriculture in the next two years, deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi said on wednesday.
in an interview to ani, modi said his government wanted to impose a 5 per cent gst on all classes of residential properties, completed or under construction.
prime minister narendramodi said, the mandate given to him in 2019 elections was not just to run india but to create a new india, adding that the country had seen several positive developments in the last five-years during which the youth, women, farmers and the poor were put at the centre of governments programmes.
pointing out that karnataka was witnessing one of its worst droughts in the last 46 years, siddaramaiah said the state government had sought rs 4,702 crore from the centre for drought relief works.
modi said the scheme has been brought into effect after rectifying shortcomings in the earlier version and appealed to farmers to avail of its benefits.
b'during the talks, modi said india and vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration, renewable energy, agriculture and textiles.
responding to criticism of government on demonetisation by trinmool congress mp saugata roy, jaitley said cash is root cause of many problems including the chit fund fraud which was witnessed in west bengal.
read more hererahul gandhi hits out at bjp govt over gst billspeaking at an interaction with students in mumbai, congress vice president rahulgandhi said it was the bjp which was responsible for the gst bill being delayed for seven years, adding that if the government wanted to see the bill make progress during the upcoming budget session, it would have to give in to their concerns.
with the number of farmers dwindling, time has come that experts in the field introspect and find reasons why the situation has come to such a passe, ram said in his presidential address at the inauguration of a two-day national agriculture conclave (nac) at a city hotel.
the lake is being renovated at a cost of rs 17 crore and on completion, about 23,000 acre of land would get irrigation facilities, manoharlalkhattar said.
while appreciating the fellow countrymen on the ways in which demonetisation has shaped, pm modi in his speech said the following:the government will take care of interest for 60 days for farmers who had taken loans from district coop, central bank.
coming under pressure from opposition and ally shiv sena, chief minister fadnavis said his government is in favour of loan waiver and was studying the up model.
these interest-free loans were extended by banks to sugar mills as additional working capital specifically for clearance of cane price arrears of previous seasons and timely settlement of cane price to farmers for that years sugar season.
kishore tiwari, activist who heads the commission for farmers in distressed districts, said, the biggest relief to farmers during the drought is assured food and health care.
compensationsuresh ram said he would make all efforts to ensure that the farmers who had lost their land under the hemavathi scheme, will get compensation at the earliest.
the 14 per cent growth in commercial taxes is assured and if it drops due to gst, the centre will compensate the loss, modi said.
hyderabad: union minister m naidu today said chartered accountants in india will have huge opportunities and challenges when the goods and services tax (gst) is implementedaddressing the icai international conference 'jnana yagna' here, the urban development minister said chartered accountants should play a vital role in addressing issues such as curbing black money.
in his rally at moradabad today, modi said he was being targeted for cracking down on those with black money.
5 (pti): underlining that fighting corruption and black money is key to effective financial governance, prime minister modi today asked g20 leaders to act to eliminate safe havens for economic offenders, unconditionally extradite money launderers and end excessive banking secrecy that hide the corrupt.
prasad said the government saved about rs 50,000 crore lpg subsidy due to the linking of aadhaar card with jhan dhan accounts.
prime minister modi said, the mandate given to him in 2019 elections was not just to run india but to create a new india, adding that the country had seen several positive developments in the last five-years during which the youth, women, farmers and the poor were put at the centre of governments programmes.
modi said the demonetisation process is a great move but not as big as the surgical strike.
by providing pos machines to traders, we will help farmers buy farm inputs without cash, fadnavis said.
even as there were reports that bjp leaders would stay away from the wedding that has come at a time when prime minister modi has announced war on black money, there was a lineup of leaders of the party at the event.
demonetisation +times of india litfest +new delhi:will hasten the digitisation of the financial economy and financial inclusion, said nandan nilekani , former chairman of the unique identification authority of india, at thetoday.
emphasizing that the gst bill is in the larger interest of the country, naidu said, "we have a wider support and we have enough numbers for gst but we would like to have all parties on board because it will have an effect on states".
uidai chairman nandan nilekani said the government is using state-of-the-art technology to ensure aadhaar provides the best service for the people.
siddaramaiah said the centre has been asked to release rs 4,500 crore to state under national disaster relief fund as 139 taluks are reeling under drought.
asserting that the budget reflects commitment to eliminate corruption and black money, modi said it provides for a comprehensive package of digital economy which will reduce tax evasion and help control black money.
(file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has said that micro-irrigation for agriculture will not only save water but also increase the productivity.
rahul gandhi said he would force the bjp-led nda government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers.
chief minister devendra fadnavis has asked district collectors to set up camps to educate the public about the benefits of cashless economy and train them in using this mode of transaction.
11: 34 am: pm modi said we learnt the lesson of unity through passing the historic gst bill.
likewise, badal said that the announcement on embarking kisan yatra, a special travel scheme to help farmers to learn about new farming and marketing techniques, would also go a long way in bailing out the farmers from current agrarian crisis.
when specifically asked as to what he found out after interacting with farmers, fadnavis said, when i spoke to farmers and villagers, they seemed satisfied with schemes being implemented by the government.
adhia said there would be no need of integrated check posts on state borders following implementation of gst.
naidu said gst would revolutionise the taxation system and increase the revenue by 1.
we are not going to take agricultural land tax from those outside the purview of land ceiling, mamatabanerjee told the rally in kharagpur.
in modis home state of gujarat  a state with one of the highest rain deficits in the largely normal monsoon of 2016, as indiaspend reported in october 2016  a fourth of farmers have benefitted from the flagship crop-insurance scheme, not 60-70  as modi claimed.
chief minister vijayrupani listed out the achievements of his government, while deputy chief minister nitin patel told the party workers about the goods and services tax (gst), said pandya.
new delhi: new measures to ease the impact of demonetisation continued to trickle in on wednesday even as prime minister modi claimed that over 93 per cent of people who took his smartphone -based survey supported the move in his fight against black money.
not only the gurdwaras but all shrines of other communities should also be given exemption from gst on the offerings for langar," badungar said who was in patiala to attend a religious event at a local gurudwara.
in his closing remarks at the meet, modi also said that corporate investment in agriculture is very low in india and urged the state governments to formulate policies to promote industry participation in the farm sector.
now as we have started the waiver despite odds against us we will continue providing assistance and will reach out to all 10.25 lakh small and marginal farmers out of total 17.50 farming families in punjab.
just recently it was reported that rajnath singh is considering the merger of aadhaar with the national population register (npr) exercise.
badal also asked the additional chief secretaries development and revenue to seek legal opinion from legal remembrancer (lr) for making suitable amendments in the land tenure act 1953 for facilitating the farmers to get better prices of their produce.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on sunday announced loans for farmers and their wards under an entrepreneurship scheme, in his maiden talk show, dil se, akin to prime minsiter narendra modis monthly radio address, mann ki baat.
the enhanced fund limit by nabard for district central cooperative banks will be passed on to the primary agricultural cooperative societies and they will get activated and will meet the crop loan requirement of the farmers for rabi season, said das.
speaking in the state legislative assembly, chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government was open to talks with the farmers body, and that it was willing to consider all the demands put forth by farmers and tribals.
terming providing water for irrigation as a major thrust area of the bjp government, modi said pradhan mantri krishi sinchai yojana is a major step in this direction, which has helped farmers considerably.
modi said the terrorists derive funding from a variety of criminal activities which include smuggling of narcotics, bank robbery, vehicle thefts, fake currency or from state sponsored activities in failed states.
by express news servicenew delhi: days after prime minister modi announced that gst on 99 per cent of goods and services would be brought under the tax bracket of 18 per cent or lower, the gst council on saturday decided to slash indirect tax on two dozen items.
latur district in marathwada, which is amongst the worst-hit this drought, has ensured that the government sends across at least 70 lakh litres of water through trains.
deputy chief minister modi , who also holds charge of finance and commercial taxes departments, said people have now begun to understand gst which is evident from the fact that the quantum of complaints vis--vis gst has reduced to only 10 per cent.
bhopal: farmers' protest continued unabated in many parts of western madhya pradesh today even as chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said his government is taking all necessary steps to address the issues of agitating farmers.
all aadhar-based applications would be accessible through post offices.
i have also launched an initiative to double farmers incomes by 2022, modi said.
this law will enable confiscation of benami property and provide for prosecution, thus blocking a major avenue for generation and holding of black money in the form of benami property, especially in real estate, arunjaitley said.
mansa, punjab: launching the much-awaited controversial loan waiver scheme for farmers, punjab chief minister amarinder singh on sunday said his government would also waive loans of farm labourers.
As a result, what is happening is that the benefit of withdrawal of cash is getting restricted to a smaller number of peopleto prevent such kind of misuse, the branches of banks will take recourse to the use of indelible ink marks for disbursement of cash.
(source: pti photo)around 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister modi said in rajya sabha on wednesday, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
when asked when was he planning to reshuffle his council of ministers, ram said he would do that after visiting drought-affected parts of karnataka.
gst and demonetisation together will lead to higher revenues in future, greater compliance and give us a cleaner and better economy, arunjaitley said.
the government should give rs 5 lakh cash to the family of a farmer who commits suicide, a job offer, besides waving the debts, said jagmohan singh, state secretary of the bharatiya kisan union, punjab.
quick verificationthe pilot project on opening bank accounts with aadhar information is operational in three banks in tumkur district of karnataka, uidai chairman nandan nilekani told deccan herald.
the misery of artisans like hakak ended when prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8.
works under the jalyukt shivar-aimed at a drought proof maharashtra would have to be completed in these districts before june 15.
pm modi told global leaders in attendance at cop 14 how india has 'soil cards' to help the farmers understand the health of the soil.
asked about farm loan waiver, a key pre-poll promise of the punjab congress, amarindersingh said he was fully committed to implementing the same and would ensure that adequate funds are released for it.
after modi announced the demonetisation last year, haasan had tweeted that this has to be lauded transcending party lines.
hope to take gst legislations to parliament this session: fmnew delhi, feb 3, 2017, (pti) 19:12 istkeen to rollout the goods and services tax by july, the government plans to take the supporting legislations to parliament next month, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
modi said the note ban had disturbed the sleep of congress leaders and their anger had not cooled.
modi said gst would help to achieve the government's aim of empowering the poor.
however, the prime minister has redefined the old normal in india where black money, corruption and cash flow in elections was considered normal, jaitley said, adding most activities earlier followed the practice of so much in cash and so much in cheque.
finance minister pranabmukherjee had announced in the budget 2011-12 that a public debate on the services tax to help the government finalise the approach to gst would take place.
on criticism that demonetisation was a shock to the system, modi said it was first necessary to consider whether the measure was needed.
speaking about the enrolments, nilekani said that the 12-digit unique identity number -- aadhar -- has been provided to 37 million people across the country and very soon over one million people will enrol for unique identity number every day.
aadhaar project is to solve the problem of people who do not have an acknowledgement of their existence by people and the state or lack of acknowledgement of their identity, he said.
describing demonetisation as a very important decision, modi said it worked wonders despite attempts by some quarters to derail the move.
the left parties have compromised their ideology even as their mentors and communist leaders jyoti basu and harkishan singh surjeet had supported the idea of demonetisation, modi said.
prime minister modi too had said in his campaign speeches that writing off farm loans would be among the foremost tasks of the bjp government in uttar pradesh.
let centre also waive farm loans, cm sayshubballi, oct 02, 2015, dhns: 0:35 ista day after the state government announced waiver of interest on farmers medium- and long-term loans borrowed from co-operative banks, chief minister ram asked bjp leaders to pressure the union government to waive farmers loans borrowed from the nationalised banks, or, at least the interest.
ajith athrady, dh news service, new delhi, may 20 2017, 15:43 istthe goods and services tax (gst) will help improve india's export growth, commerce minister nirmalasitharaman said here on saturday.
action will be taken as per law, against all those (mills) not abiding by the law, ram told reporters here in response to a question that a few mill owners - who are ministers in his cabinet - are allegedly not abiding by rules about payment of dues to sugarcane farmers.
naidu, in response, said the agriculture sector achieved 11 per cent growth rate during his government.
when he had taken over the reins, the dues of sugarcane farmers ran up to rs 14000 crore, which had come down to about rs 700-800 crore now due to measures taken by his government, modi said and warned the sugar mill owners against treating the farmers the way they did in the past.
on demonetisation, modi said there was chaos amongst the corrupt after note ban was announced as they were forced to deposit the ill-gotten money in bank accounts.
modi said numerous measures and schemes have been initiated from making school toilets to setting up iits, iims and aiims, from providing vaccination cover to children to initiating a people-driven swacch bharat mission, from ensuring a minimum pension to labourers to providing social security to the common man, from enhancing support to farmers hit by natural calamities to defending their interests at wto.
rohatgi said linking pan with aadhaar was needed to curb the practice of tax evasion and to keep tabs on the circulation of black money as pan was not a foolproof deterrent.
making a strong outreach to the crisis-ridden farming community, modi said the kisan channel is aimed at helping drive farm income by supplying key information, such as weather, market and demand.
drabu said all necessary safeguards to section-5 of the j&k state constitution and those enshrined in article-370 of the indian constitution have been incorporated in the presidential order regarding which apprehensions were expressed by some legislators during the discussion on the gst legislation.
(source: pti photo)exhorting farmers to adopt modern technology, prime minister modi on monday said his government has decided to double their income by 2022 when india would celebrate 75 years of independence.
addressing the sebi board, jaitley also said the passage of new aadhar law would help in expanding investor base in securities market via kyc (know your client) simplification by greater use of technology.
presenting the state budget proposals, chief minister siddaramaiah said the present system of excise duty on liquor is unable to capture the value addition that takes place in the retail sale of liquor in bars and clubs.
in response to a question, amarindersingh said his government, which had inherited a bankrupt punjab, had made a good start with the farm loan waiver and employment generation schemes.
the state governments impetus on greater investments in the agriculture sector has resulted in generation of rs 40,000-crore income to farmers in the last one year in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday.
buoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi had yesterday said he was committed to root out corruption.
chandigarh: addressing a protest rally at chandigarh on tuesday, former punjab chief minister parkash singh badal advised farmers not to pay their debt stating that his successor captain amarinder singh had given them sworn affidavits stating he would pay their debts.
he also spoke about the special task force constituted by the union ministry of finance to directly link subsidies on lpg, kerosene and fertilizers with aadhaar number holders.
commerce and industry minister ram today said amercian phone-maker apples demand for tax incentives to set up a manufacturing unit in the country will have be looked at after the goods and services tax (gst) is rolled out.
indias economy should get a lift from the launch of the goods and services tax (gst), finance minister arunjaitley said on thursday, putting a brave face on a slowdown in growth that followed a government crackdown on black money.
the decision on demonetisation is a movement to clean india, modi told lawmakers.
as far as search and seizure operations against black money hoarders is concerned, pm modi had confidently said in a public rally: we knew and now they are being caught.
fadnavis also said that of the 36,000 cases related to transfer of forest land to tribals, 20,000 had been resolved.
addressing a rally at bandra kurla complex here, modi said while his government has launched the war from day one of assuming power, on november 8 at 8 pm it stuck a fatal blow to corruption and black money hoarders in the form of demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes.
speaking at a book launch event here -- a day after the opposition launched a massive attack on the government over the issue -- modi said there has been little criticism of the demonetisation decision.
modi said india is currently in a crucial phase of nation building and the government's mission is to build a prosperous india where farmers are capable, workers satisfied, women empowered and youth self-reliant.
referring to the november 8 demonetisation of `500 and `1,000 notes, modi said he knew that people with ill-gotten wealth will become his enemies but the people are with him.
stating that everyone's contribution was necessary for the success of the goods and services tax regime, modi asked the imc to conduct gst training workshops for common people in the limited time that is available before implementing the biggest indirect taxation reform in the nation's hisotry.
simultaneously the gst council will work on the functional modalities for implementation such that same person is not assessed by both centre and states, arunjaitley said.
reiterating his pitch for a cashless economy, modi said, we also have a historic opportunity to embrace increased cashless payments and integrate latest technology in economic transactions.
finance minister arunjaitley (file photo) finance minister arunjaitley (file photo)finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said the government does not plan to impose any tax on agricultural income, dismissing the suggestion of niti aayog member bibek debroy.
the gst will strive to free india from tax terrorism, modi said as he vowed to pay tribute to freedom fighters after 75 years of independence by bringing in the tax reform as soon as possible.
raje said earlier farmers used to get insurance of rs 50,000 on death or permanent disability under raj sahakar personal insurance scheme, which now has been increased to rs 10 lakh.
on the pro-farmer initiatives in the budget, modi claimed that for many years, initiatives had been taken for peasants but many of them never came under the ambit of these schemes.
laying stress on setting up more ultra-modern centers of excellence for undertaking research and design (r&d) to promote agriculture diversification in the state, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal on tuesday said that these were the 'temples of second green revolution' which were required for bailing out the farmers from the current agrarian crisis.
budget reactionsterming the budget as historic, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said it was largely a budget designed for the welfare of farmers, development of the poor and a budget that empowers women.
modi said the new tunnel would not only help farmers in the region take their produce to the capital in less time and avoid weather disruptions, but would potentially double tourism in the state.
as regards the compensation to the states on account of any possible loss of revenue following implementation of the gst, arunjaitley said there will be 100 per cent compensation in first three years, 75 per cent in the fourth year and 50 per cent in the fifth year.
reiterating his government's commitment to double the income of farmers by 2022, modi said that this requires to focus on fisheries, animal husbandry, horticulture, fruits, and vegetables.
last week, sbi chairperson arundhatibhattacharya said that the merger of associate banks with sbi itself is on track and remains unaffected by the demonetisation move.
asking the people to prefer digital transactions instead of cash transactions, modi told the shopkeepers: you already have a board outside your shops that reads: aaj nagad, kal udhar.
our overall emphasis has been on faster decisions, bolder decisions, a cleaner economy, freedom from black money, freedom from corruption and a friendly environment for doing business so that the larger returns that come to the economy in terms of taxes can be spent on the poor of this country, arunjaitley said, adding that it is the prime ministers approach which has been followed in the recently presented budget.
the cm said that the state government had also decided to give a financial assistance worth rs. 50,000 each to landless labourers to bail them out of the current agrarian crisis.
punjab chief minister amarindersingh said the project would help in addressing the problem of the environmental pollution due to stubble burning besides providing additional income to farmers by helping turn the unmanageable agro-waste into raw material for producing bio fuel.
prime minister modi on saturday announced setting up of a high-powered task force to bring structural reforms in agrarian sector in the country, said niti aayogs vice-chairman rajiv kumar.
prime minister modi who held series of meeting with chief ministers of several states on drought and crop loss issue recently, also said the government will come out with a scheme to address the perennial drought-prone areas.
referring to the change in the budget dates, modi said it was in the interest of india's predominantly rural economy to prepare the budget immediately after the receipt of agricultural incomes for the year.
while appreciating the fellow countrymen on the ways in which demonetisation has shaped, pm modi in his speech said the following:the government will take care of interest for 60 days for farmers who had taken loans from district coop, central bank.
bhubaneswar: union finance minister arun jaitley on thursday said prime minister narendra modi has created a new normal for the countrys economy by breaking all stereotypes of the past through his demonetisation move.
a beaming mr. rajender, immediately after presenting his fifth budget to the state assembly on thursday, told a media conference that the budget was focussed on finer aspects of farming with the closure of loan waiver for farmers amounting to rs. 17,000 crore last year.
regarding demonetisation, modi said the government was always ready for the discussion on the issue but the opposition was only interested in tv bytes and not debates.
the families of the farmers (who were killed in mandsaur last year) will get justice in 10 days and we will take action against those responsible for the firing, says the congress president.
Not only will this service streamline the process of on-boarding new customers but it will also simplify the process of linking existing customer accounts to their respective Aadhaar numbers in an easy, yet secure manner, said Nilekani.
addressing a rally in february, modi said farmers are his top priority and explained that  top means tomato, onion and potato.
consensus on gst will go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism, modi said.
as the centre is keen to strengthen the digital payment infrastructure and grievance handling mechanisms, arunjaitley said the focus would be on rural and semi-urban areas through post offices, fair price shops and banking correspondents.
in milk city anand, modi said, before six years, supreme court had asked the then government to form a sit to find out the sources of black money.
in delhi, economic affairs secretary das also said that the government was keeping a close watch on deposits in jan dhan accounts as, in many cases, such accounts are being misused for deposit of black money.
mr. pandey said a lot of planning has gone into jam over the last six years and he was happy to see all the three things (jan dhan bank accounts, aadhar numbers and mobile phone numbers) integrated with great efficiency in krishna district.
during the interaction, modi asked both railways and department of posts to focus on increasing digital transactions across their networks, especially using the bhim app.
modi also said the government was committed to double farmers' income.
Das said the RBI has a particular plan of action with regard to currency supply.
Ashok Dalwai, Deputy Director, Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) said unique identification (UID) card was a legal database collection system and there was no chance of the data being misused.
annapurna singh, new delhi, dh news service may 2 2017, 14:20 ista day after data showed india's key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said demonetisation did not see a 2  dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended.
mumbai: cm devendrafadnavis told toi on tuesday that two lakh additional farmers would be beneficiaries of the state governments move to take the cutoff date for the farm loan waiver back to 2001.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday announced that the state cabinet would give one more chance to farmers who could not submit their loan waiver application.
chief minister ram announced cloud seeding, in the backdrop of five consecutive droughts.
taking a cue from advani,punjab chief minister park said,a big issue has come up in the country nda chief ministers should first give in writing and announce their assets and tell the government that it can seize any black money they have.
making drought-proofing a priority area, arunjaitley said as many as 28.
Have been trying to analyse reasons for long queues,it has come to notice that same people are coming again at same place, Das said.
gst will be a game changer and will help in curbing tax evasion, bringing transparency and efficiency in tax administration, reducing the prices of various items by avoiding tax on tax and ensuring seamless transfer of goods from one region to another, among others, arunjaitley said, addressing the 23rd conference of auditors general of commonwealth countries and british overseas territories in delhi.
india growing at 7-8 per cent is fairly reasonable in the current global context, finance minister arunjaitley said today while maintaining that the decline in fourth quarter gdp print cannot be attributed to demonetisation alone.
crediting the small and medium farmers of gujarat with revolutionising agriculture in the last one decade,modi said 95 per cent of our farmers are small or medium sized farmers.
stating the move was essential in the fight against black money, modi said the public could deposit their old notes at banks or post office accounts till december 30.
although chief minister siddaramaiah claimed that the government has already distributed nearly rs 4,100 crore as relief to farmers who lost their crop, it's been a case of so near, yet so far.
stating that the government has already made representation to the centre for setting up a corpus fund for crop failure compensation, chief minister vijayrupani said that for the year 2019, the state government has purchased crop insurance for rs 12,000 crore sum insured.
noting that the congress always supported the struggle of farmer, ram said that farmers in the state have been facing injustice since 1924.
pm modi invokes chaudhary charan singh to woo farmers in jatland bijnorin a bid to woo the farming community, prime minister narendramodi said bjp will waive off loans of all small farmers once voted to power.
chief minister ram said, we are committed to protect the interest of farmers and people of karnataka.
the chief minister also demanded that the farmers be paid the due price for their produce and in toto implementation of the swaminathan commission report.
by express news servicebhubaneswar: urging people to vote for bjp and oust the bjd government to ensure speedy development of the state, union home minister rajnathsingh on friday announced that all farmers will be provided interest free loan of rs 1 lakh for five years if the saffron party comes to power in odisha.
prime minister modi , in his second interview to a private news channel, said that theres mistrust between states sometimes on taxes, but the introduction of gst will make this process very transparent.
saying that the strike was a direct affirmation of the kisan virodhi policies of the modi government, a statement by congress spokesperson randeep singh surjewala said the mp state government was trying to suppress the protests by using illegal means.
replying to a debate on demand for grants (general budget), which the house passed by voice vote, meghwal said the opposition has been questioning demonetisation but the verdict in up and other states had proved people stood with pm narendra modi.
read morenew delhi: the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace, president ramnathkovind said in his address to parliament on thursday and vowed that the government will make the zero tolerance policy against corruption more comprehensive and effective.
also read| we will make them search for chillums at yogi's house: akhilesh yadavthe governments of the congress, the samajwadi party (sp) and the bahujan samaj party (bsp) were not concerned with development, whereas prime minister narendra modi worked for women, the poor and farmers, yogiadityanath said.
we have made progress in opening new areas of cooperation during this visit in drug regulation, agricultural research and cyber security, modi said.
after finance minister sudhir muntangiwar presented the budget, chief minister devendrafadnavis told mediapersons, the budget reiterates governments commitment to accord highest priority to welfare schemes for upliftment of farmers, poverty alleviation and generating employment for youths.
the use of a fake aadhaar id will prove more hazardous to criminals as compared to spurious ration or election cards as biometric data can identify an individual with more certainty.
jan dhan-aadhar-mobile trinity, commonly known as jam, helped the government save leakages worth rs 36,000 crore in subsidies and benefits provided to the poor, during the last one year, union minister ravi shankar prasad today said.
aadhaar enrolment will be speeded up: siddaramaiahbangalore, may 26, 2013, dhns : 1:57 istchief minister ram on sunday said the government will take measures to speed up the aadhaar enrolment drive and the entire population of the state will be covered within one year.
in a statement to the media, jaitley said, political parties have not been granted any exemption or privilege, post demonetisation and introduction of taxation amendment act, 2016.
this scheme has been made foolproof and will be implemented with complete transparency, modi said and asked state governments to come forward with list of farmers who would be its beneficiaries.
ncps sharad pawar asked the centre to chip in with more help and waive short-term loans, particularly crop loan and the interest on loans for purchase of agriculture equipment.
modi also said the poorvanchal and bundelkhand expressways would transform the economy of the two regions as farmers and traders would get national and international connectivity.
i am ecstatic that there would be no levy of gst on services rendered by government, reserve bank of india, public conveniences, educational institution, services relating to agriculture, transmission or distribution of electricity, renting of residential dwelling for use as a residence, burial, healthcare, specified schemes of general insurance etc, mohan said.
We find that many people are not able to reach the counter and same persons are visiting the counter multiple times and other people are not getting the benefits," Das said.
finance minister arunjaitley (file) finance minister arunjaitley (file)soon after finance minister arunjaitley announced the centres disassociation with loan waivers for farmers, the congress party on tuesday lashed out at the former, saying the bharatiya janata party (bjp) must not make promises they cannot deliver.
new delhi, jan 24, 2015 (pti) 15:30 istall jan dhan bank accounts should be linked to aadhaar, prime minister modi said today while asking bankers to speed up this process and redouble efforts on financial literacy.
modi said that under the bjp government's direct benefit transfer scheme, pm-kisan, rs 75,000 crore would be allocated annually.
it has not given funds for drinking water and fodder, which we had sought, ram said, adding that the state would spend any amount of money to meet the requirements of drinking water and fodder during drought.
kumaraswamy also said he would call a meeting of representatives of nationalised banks in 2-3 days and seek information about farm loans extended by them.
it's not possible to release tamil nadu's share as per the award as our (karnataka's) farmers very much need water during this four-month period, siddaramaiah said in the assembly, briefing the members on the deliberations.
We have been able to achieve this speed and scale due to our multiple registrar model, as well as scalable technical architecture," UIDAI Chairman Nandan Nilekani said.
responding to clarifications from members, ram said the government will constitute an agriculture price commission soon and come to the rescue of arecanut, coconut, coffee and cotton growers in distress.
b'prime minister manmohansingh today said the government will focus on modernising the agricultural marketing system and brining in private players to this sector in the 12th five year plan beginning 2012.
the upa government had waived off rs 70,000 crore loan of farmers.
commerce minister nirmalasitharaman said in chennai she was very optimistic of the passage of the gst while environment minister prakash javadekar said it will be definitely passed because government enjoyed a majority in rajya sabha.
vardhan said, prime minister narendramodi had asked multi-national companies to mix their carbonated drinks with fruit juices to help farmers of the country.
the state government has issued a clear target to the financial institutions to ensure allocation of agriculture loans and credit disbursement is also enhanced to arrest the dependence of over 70 per cent of the farming community on private money lenders.
my governments aim is to realise that dream, modi said while speaking at the prize distribution function of the month-long digidhan contest launched in december for users of the digital transaction mode.
prime minister narendramodi has asked the top officials to move fast to approach the aiib for loans for some of the flagship projects of his government, particularly in agriculture, rural housing and railway sectors.
now, in a more ambitious version of programmes that have slashed poverty in brazil and mexico, the government has begun to use the uid database, known as aadhaar, to make direct cash transfers to the poor, in an attempt to cut out frauds who siphon billions of dollars from welfare schemes.
addressing the agitators, congress chief rahulgandhi said, farmers are not asking for a reward or free gift, but only their rightful due.
to questions regarding change of rules 150 times after demonetisation announcement, modi said it was done to find ways to ease problems of people.
aur jo 9-10 ki gst council meeting mein agar koi rajya kathinayi paida nahi karega toh mujhe vishwaas hai ki bharat ke vyapar jagat aur bharat ki aarthik vyavastha ko nayi taqat dene mein jo bhi aawashyak sudhaar honge woh kiye jayenge (if no state raises objection in gst council meeting on november 9-10, then i believe that the necessary changes required for the countrys businesses and the countrys economy would be taken), modi said.
(source: ani_news/twitter) shivrajsinghchouhan said his government was pro-farmer and recalled efforts underway to make farming a profitable business in mp.
clarifying on the assistance to be given to farmers affected from hailstorms and pink bollworm attack, fadnavis said the survey has been completed and actual disbursement is in process.
modi at a rally in agra yesterday said that political leaders behind multi-crore chit fund scams were attacking him because they had been hit hard by demonetisation, indirectly referring to mamata banerjee.
referring to isros feat, modi said scientists had brought laurels to the nation and felt that the launch will be of great help in mapping of resources, evaluating development and help farmers.
panaji: governor mridulasinha on tuesday said that her governments highest priority was alleviating farmers woes and raising their standard of living.
gandhi also said if voted to power, the congress will waive farmers' loans within 10 days of forming government.
modi, who is trying to boost investment in industry that would create new jobs outside agriculture, said farmers should increase productivity so that they can prosper even as the average size of farms shrinks due to a growing population.
however, considering the financial burden on farmers, the government wants to ease these norms for one season.
but prime minister modi told a rally of farmers at sehore, about 40km west of capital bhopal, his governments farmer-friendly insurance is criticism-proof.
now the normal gst rate for these services is 18 per cent but because in these sectors the rate itself has been reduced, for job work in these sectors the rate has been fixed at 5 per cent, so that outsourcing through job work in these sectors could be encouraged, arunjaitley said.
congress spokesperson sachin sawant said that modi , speaking in the temple town of shirdi on october 19, said that 16,000 villages in maharashtra have become drought-free thanks to the jalyukt shivar scheme.
the centre recently notified the new aadhar act which gives the numbers assigned by it a statutory backing for transfer of subsidies and benefits to people eligible for them.
The government also has plans to introduce Rs 100 and Rs 50 currency notes with a new design and enhanced security features.
we are going to make payment through aadhar-linked (bank) accounts in 46 districts, rural development minister jairam ramesh said.
we have been told to launch a special drive to get those farmers who are in need to avail of the scheme.
gandhi said the agriculture loans of farmers in madhya pradesh, including the kin of former chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, have been waived by the congress government in the state.
promising a new nation in a new year and a clean-up of what he called the 70-year-old slush pile of black money, prime minister modi told his party mps tuesday that the decision to demonetise notes of higher denomination was to help the poor.
during this interaction, modi said he would be speaking to farmers on june 20 on developments and advancements in the agriculture sector.
captain abhimanyu said the state collected revenue to the tune of `1,000 crore a year on account of the purchase tax or vat (value-added tax) on food grains; but under the gst regime, it had been proposed that the levy would not apply to food grains.
december 25, 2016in this year's last radio address to the nation 'mann ki baat', modi on the occasion of christmas said 15,000 people who use digital payment modes will be given a reward of rs 1,000 each by a lucky draw.
ashok dalwai, deputy director-general, uidai regional office, bangalore, said while the response to the project has so far been excellent, there is no deadline to get the uid.
kumar had unambiguously praised demonetisation hours after prime minister modi announced the move on november 8 evening, even though the two other ruling allies in bihar  rjd and congress  had been critical of it.
deputy commissioner babu said the assessment of the damages in the district is on and initiatives would be taken to benefit the farmers according to the governments direction.
however, siddaramaiah earlier told representatives of various farmers organisations that the online system had been working effectively and helped lakhs of farmers get judicious price for their produce at apmcs.
prime minister modi on november 8 had announced demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
gurdaspur: punjab chief minister captain amarinder has announced to give debt relief certificates worth rs 156.
agriculture minister ram said steps are being taken to provide counseling to the aggrieved farmers.
The decision would bring more transactions under tax net and both direct and indirect taxes would move up.
govt doing everything on black money issuenew delhi, feb 23, 2015, dhns: 0:47 istthe government is determined to take all possible steps to stop generation of black money, both domestically and globally, president pranabmukherjee told a joint sitting of parliament on monday.
(pti photo)calling for a relook at the proposal to link rivers in the country, prime minister modi on saturday said that if water management is given importance, there would be no farmer suicides.
the makers of our constitution laid such strong foundation of indian democracy that today people holding constitutional posts are those who represent poor and marginalised and do not come from rich background, said modi , referring to naidu who is a farmers son.
unique identification authority chief nandan nilekeni asked the state authorities to play a model role in introduction of aadhar numbers that will help in implementation of social schemes.
patna, march 4: chief minister nitishkumar today said a cabinet committee would be formed to ensure proper monitoring of agricultural roadmap in the state.
modi, who was speaking at the centenary celebrations of the karnataka lingayat education society here, said his government did not want to trouble the honest, but would not spare the dishonest as he defended the fight against black money and promised more steps to tackle the menace.
the impact of the demonetisation and the gst is well behind us, finance minister arunjaitley said on thursday after the numbers were announced.
during his poll campaign, prime minister babu had said the first decision of the new up government under the bjp would be to waive loans of small and marginal farmers.
the credit for this goes to every worker of the congress party, who under rahul's active guidance, carried out a sustained agitation, gandhi said, hailing the leadership of the congress vice president to the cause of farmers.
by giving benefits directly to the needy, complaints of dishonesty and delay will reduce, singh said at a function where he handed over aadhar number '21 crore' to a villager here.
about gst implementation, shailesh patwari, president of the gcci, said, "the government has been addressing all our queries ever since gst was implemented.
(source: file photo)punjab congress chief amarindersingh said on saturday that if his party is voted to power in the 2017 assembly elections, it will work out a permanent solution for settling the farm debt so that no farmer is forced to take extreme steps like suicide.
asked about gandhi making fun of gst during his campaign tour in south gujarat, arunjaitley said, i firmly believe he has no understanding of this subject, he has not studied it.
He had said the government has declared a decisive war against black money and corruption.
he used to wear rose and had the knowledge of gardens but did not know about farmers or farming, due to which the community faced hardship, modi said, without naming nehru.
pti photo/pibprime minister modi on sunday said that the consensus on the goods and services tax (gst) would go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism, while crediting state chief ministers for keeping aside political and ideological differences to arrive at a common ground.
the commerce ministry had entered into a consultative process with all the export promotion councils to understand the level of adaptation to the effects of demonetisation, teaotia said.
continued outflow of foreign money will keep rupee on tenterhook while increasing gst collection and rbis open market operation may soften the volatility," said vinod nair, head of research, geojit financial services.
budget is close to dreams of people: pmnew delhi, feb 29, 2016 (pti) 19:05 istterming the budget as one close to dreams of the people, prime minister modi today said its biggest focus is on villages, poor people, farmers, women and youth to ensure a qualitative change in their lives and alleviate poverty through a slew of time-bound programmes.
the congress will waive the loans of each farmer in chhattisgarh within 10 days, gandhi said.
earlier, after reviewing the drought situation, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said, the government has set up 12,064 cattle camps and deployed 4,774 water tankers in 12,116 villages.
addressing bharatiya janata party (bjp) workers, modi said his governments prime objective has been financial inclusion and jan dhan yojana and the gst will help the government achieve its objective.
modi said he was aware of the problems being faced by the people post-demonetisation.
Nilekani also said that UID is working with the Ministry of Finance and the Department of Financial Services on financial inclusion, with Oil Ministry on LPG subsidy reforms, with Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers on fertilizer reforms, Human Resource Development Ministry on integration of Aakash and Department of Telecom for providing Aadhar as know your customer (KYC) for mobile connections.
with regard to opposition's criticism over demonetisation, an issue that led to washout of the last winter session, modi said from day one, the government has been saying that it is ready for a discussion on it.
modi said the demonetisation ---- which has made the bjp unpopular, particularly in the rural areas --- had led to the closure of many shell companies that were tools of the congresss corruption.
siddaramaiah said he will soon write a letter to prime minister narendra modi, urging him to waive at least 50  of farm loans taken from various nationalised banks in view of the severe drought in karnataka.
chief minister yogiadityanath on saturday announced an ex gratia of rs 4 lakh to families of the deceased and directed district magistrates to assess crop damage and identify farmers eligible for financial aid.
pointing out that online trading of agriculture produce has been introduced in around 30 apmcs in the state to minimise the role of middlemen and make farming profitable, siddaramaiah claimed that it was a first-of-its-kind experiment in the nation and was being replicated in other states.
during an election rally in varanasi on thursday, arunjaitley said that banks have been asked to procure more point of sale machines and make it available to traders in order to facilitate digital payments.
prime minister modi in rajya sabha prime minister modi in rajya sabhaspeaking against corruption and black money during his reply to the debate on motion of thanks to presidents address in rajya sabha, prime minister modi on wednesday said the governments fight against corruption is not political.
union finance minister pranabmukherjee , who was also present at the function, said this uid project will help in improving the delivery mechanism of social welfare schemes.
modi said president karimov was also supportive of strengthening ongoing cooperation in the areas of agriculture, information technology and energy.
Now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency," Jaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals.
watch video | find out what pm narendra modi told cabinet over demonetisation decisionannouncing these measures, finance minister arunjaitley said there has been a movement towards digital transactions from cash transactions since the government announced its decision to cancel the old notes.
they used farmers, while we work for farmers, modi said, adding that the government of those people used loan waivers as a tool to win polls.
by ptirajnandgaon: if the congress was voted to power in chhattisgarh, it will write off farmers' debts within 10 days, party president gandhi said friday.
chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals may have announced that families of suicide victims will be given `3 lakh in compensation `50,000 in cash and the remaining to be deposited in the familys account.
we will create a food chain from where the produce will go the cities and farmers will directly receive the money due to them, rahulgandhi says.
on november 8, prime minister modi had announced the demonetisation of rs. 500 and rs. 1,000 notes, thereby withdrawing 86 per cent or rs. 14 lakh crore worth currency from circulation.
many will question how deep an impact the gst will have on the economy in the near- and long-term, firms seem convinced that prospects will brighten as the new tax regime becomes clearer, said de lima.
the msp was arrived on the basis of an improper formula and, therefore, farmers will not get correct prices for their produce or labour, he added.
we have procured crops of rs 8,900 crore at the minimum support price (msp) and will disburse rs 80,000 crore worth interest-free crop loans to the farmer by the end of this year, which will be highest in the country, she said.
chief minister siddaramaiah said 80  of farmers had availed loans from commercial banks which come under the jurisdiction of the centre.
on a trip to villages in his lambi assembly constituency last week, badal, while speaking on the amarinder singh govts debt waiver scheme during an interaction with the media, said he was willing to talk to top brass of the government for the sake of debt-ridden farmers.
on wednesday, finance minister arun jaitley said that an aadhaar card could become the sole identifier for a person in future.
soil samples collected from different lands and test reports would be made available to farmers that would guide them for taking remedial measures to change crop pattern, fertilsiers and other measures, modi said and called young innovators to invent systems that would help the farmers test soil on their land.
siddaramaiah said primary agricultural credit co-operative societies in the state will be computerised in a phased manner during the next three years.
in his speech, president pranabmukherjee said gst would boost economic efficiency.
we have launched our website in five languages for communicating to a larger audience across the country on issues related to aadhaar.
(pti)kullu/palampur: prime minister modi has said that effigy-burning would not deter him from the fight against corruption and black money, alluding to the congress's call for protests on november 8, the first anniversary of the demonetisation.
spelling out advantages of demonetisation, meghwal said that it will help lower interest rate.
legislators taking part in a discussion on the drought situation of the state in belagavi on wednesday | rajesh sadarebelagavi: chief minister siddaramaiah has asked the district ministers to visit villages and ensure drought relief works are carried out expeditiously.
elaborating on his fate line comment, modi said the tunnel will greatly benefit the people of kashmir, particularly the farmers who would suffer losses because their produce like fruits and vegetables would perish due to prolonging of their journeys from the valley to other parts of the country.
action will be taken as per law, against all those (mills) not abiding by the law, siddaramaiah told reporters here in response to a question that a few mill owners - who are ministers in his cabinet - are allegedly not abiding by rules about payment of dues to sugarcane farmers.
coke heeds to pm's call,to launch fizzy drink with fruit juicenew delhi, feb 11, 2016, (pti): 14:48 istbeverages giant coca-cola is set to launch a new 'juice with fizz' drink, more than a year after prime minister modi had asked the multinational cola giants to add fruit juices to their drinks to help indian farmers increase sales.
therefore, we have come up with this new idea so that the villagers can save their agricultural produce and also take shelter during the floods, tinsukia deputy commissioner s.s. meenakshi ram told the telegraph today.
boosting moralewith collective initiative, we have to boost the morale of farmers and help them tide over the crisis, chief minister devendrafadnavis has said.
within the first year of gst implementation, arunjaitley said the number of people who registered for gst has gone up by 74 per cent and government has also been able to bring down tax rates for as many as 334 commodities than previous levels.
finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech had announced that the government would come out with a new law to effectively deal with the black money stashed abroad.
responding to criticism of the number of notifications during implementation of the demonetisation exercise  tmcs saugata roy pointed out that rules were changed 150 times  modi said the upa government had changed rules of mgnrega scheme 1,035 times in six years.
these are being worked out to make agriculture a sustainable sector, he said.
obviously there is some inconvenience for a couple of days or a couple of weeks, but that cannot be an alibi that india continues to live (with black money and parallel economy), arunjaitley said.
as revenue secretary, adhia's term witnessed the introduction of a nationwide indirect tax egime, evolving a centre-states consensus on the multiple gst laws and drafting the rules and fixing tariffs that made it possible to meet the deadline of july 1, 2017 for the gst roll-out, arunjaitley said.
washington: india continues to be the fastest-growing major economy in the world and its growth will accelerate further due to factors like the implementation of gst, finance minister arunjaitley said.
watch video | find out what pm modi told cabinet over demonetisation decisionin the worlds largest democracy the demonetisation was revolutionary: it called into question the states promise to pay the bearer the face value on every banknote.
around 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister narendramodi said in rajya sabha today, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
the poor and the lower and middle classes have suffered the most due to black money, counterfeit currency and corruption, said modi.
prime minister modi , who wants to make doing business easier in india, has said india needed the tax reform to end widespread evasion by businesses and prevent officials from waging arbitrary tax terrorism.
The thinking and system that remained the rule for 70 long years was changed and the status quo was given up, as the country is set to move away from being a developing nation to emerge as a developed country, he said, adding that confronting the new normal in India was not easy.
in the coming times more steps will be taken against black money, said modi.
by ptinew delhi: going forward, as tax revenues significantly increase, india will have gst slabs of 0 per cent, 5 per cent and a standard rate between 12-18 per cent for commonly-used items, finance minister arunjaitley said monday.
new delhi: union urban development minister naidu on thursday said that by creating a ruckus in parliament, the congress was trying to wriggle out of the discussion over demonetisation.
compliance burden of medium and small taxpayers in gst has been reduced, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters after the 22nd meeting of the council.
referring to gandhis loan waiver promise, a lady, avisha rokde, asked why not give good price so that question of loan waiver doesnt arise at all, gandhi said, if farmers are in distress, waiver is the immediate step that needs to be taken.
Jaitley further said the collection figures with regard to income tax, excise tax and realisation of VAT by states, with the exception of two states, have gone up post demonetisation.
in his message, ram said the state hit by monsoon failure and drought will be blessed with a good north east monsoon that will raise the hopes for rabi crops.
the congress will install a people's government in the state which will empower farmers, small and medium businesses and provide employment to the youth, gandhi said.
congratulating finance minister arun jaitley and his team, modi said farmers, dalits and tribal communities will gain from the budget.
modi announces 50 pc increase in compensation for distressed farmersnew delhi, april 09, 2015, dhns: 2:28 istin a reprieve to farmers whose crops have been hit by recent unseasonal rain, prime minister modi on wednesday announced a 50 per cent increase in compensation and also eased criterion for providing financial relief.
antalya (turkey), nov 16, 2015 (ians) 16:19 istindia has zero tolerance on black money and corruption, prime minister narendramodi said on monday, the second and final day of the g20 summit here.
aadhaar is a game changer, arunjaitley said.
modi said that traders dont have to wait for the next budget anymore as the gst council has the power to revise the slab every two months.
reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear, jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system.
bjp in its lok kalyan sankalp patra (manifesto) had promised to waive loans of small and marginal farmers, and prime minister modi had said in his election speeches that writing off the farmers loans would be among the foremost tasks of the partys government.
if every farmer can grow a few trees, he adds to his income, while the country cuts down import, modi said.
bengaluru: anti-land grabbing action committee convener a t ram said action will be taken against land grabbers who have converted black money by buying agricultural land.
talking about gst, patwari said, "as far as industry issues are concerned, at least for six months our focus will remain on the goods and services tax (gst) due from july 1.
55pm:rahul gandhi says the congress has stood with the farmers from the fields to parliament.
prime minister modi and the government had earlier claimed that demonetisation will put an end to black money, fake currency and terrorism.
besides taking a scientific approach to soil treatment and embarking upon a mammoth tree plantation drive, the cm said he has roped in experts from the agro-sector.
responding to noteban critics, arunjaitley said demonetisation has strengthen the economy and increased the government resources to fund poverty alleviation and infrastructure development programmes.
reiterating the decision to hike milk procurement price for farmers by re 1 from existing rs 4 to rs 5 per litre of milk, ram said the new price will come into effect from december 10.
modi said there was no going back on his fight against corruption and hoarders of black money and alleged that those hit by his actions, including the demonetisation move, are conspiring to hit back at him.
during the talks, modi said india and vietnam agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors like oil and gas exploration, renewable energy, agriculture and textiles.
talking about development works taken during the four and a half years long regime of prime minister narendra modi led central government, smritiirani said: under the leadership of prime minister modi, whether it is the interest of the nation, farmers or common men, every sector has witnessed remarkable improvement.
attacking the samajwadi party (sp) and the bahujan samaj party (bsp), modi said these arch-rivals had joined hands on the note ban issue.
in a bid to tackle drought effectively, the maharashtra government has planned to link its water conservation projects with environmental preservation.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on friday said the number of income taxpayers can double to almost 12 crore with increased formalisation of the economy.
union home minister rajnathsingh on friday said that the nation cannot be prosperous unless the farmers of the country earn more.
insisting that states have nothing to fear, arunjaitley said, the structure of the gst council is such that states have the veto power.
on the first day in office as the chief minister, siddaramaiah announced housing loan waiver for dalits and backward classes and introduced shaadi bhagya for minorities.
700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation: pmnew delhi, feb 8, 2017 (pti) 21:29 istaround 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister narendramodi said in rajya sabha today, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
new delhi: pinning hopes on quick resolution of the difficult issue of tax jurisdiction with states, finance minister arunjaitley today said that goods and services tax regime will be rolled out from april next year.
Countering the submissions, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth Rs 8000 crore collected by DCCBs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
with regard to taxation of agriculture income, jaitley said centre does not have the power to impose tax on agriculture.
the delay in passage of the gst bill will hamper the aspirations of people of india and in particular the dreams of the youth, who are thirsty for jobs, naidu said at a press conference here.
stating that agriculture remains a most potent sector to push up country's economy, modi said the farmers should be led towards modern amenities and his government's efforts to distribute soil health cards is a sincere attempt towards that endeavour.
collect details and prepare a comprehensive report on how demonetisation has impaired the finances of anti-national elements and groups,'' rajnathsingh told the intelligence agency at the inaugural of the 51st post-independence dgps/igps conference-2016 at the sardar vallabhbhai patel national police academy in hyderabad on friday.
pticongress leaders on sunday termed union agriculture minister radha mohan singhs remark on the ongoing farmers strike, or gaon bandh, as insensitive and full of arrogance.
Besides, a task force has been constituted to monitor circulation of fake currency notes in vulnerable areas and to keep a watch on black money being deposited in the system".
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitely told the BJP MPs that the demonetisation would help India embrace digital economy.
after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8, the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy.
i say what they are observing is a 'black money support day', naidu said.
modi said after demonetisation around 50 lakh workers started getting their pay by cheque and around one crore new provident fund accounts were opened.
at a meeting, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the government is all set to put the entire agriculture sector on separate solar feeder to provide quality and consistent power supply to farmers in the state.
coming back to demonetisation, modi said that cashless would take india step-by-step, slowly in the direction of a clean economy.
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear, Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system.
Aadhar is to be linked with everything now and is making good progress in Delhi, Ms. Dikshit said after the meeting.
faridkot sub-divisional magistrate (sdm) gurjit singh said the government has issued guidelines to make people aware that loan of the remaining farmers will be waived off in the next phase.
fadnavis said, the state has decided to include 25 lakh farmers in value chain for all major crops.
addressing the agitators, congress chief gandhi said, farmers are not asking for a reward or free gift, but only their rightful due.
prasad said, the higher the linkages with the aadhaar number, the more we have in terms of seamless digital transactions.
new delhi, mar 29, 2017, (pti) 14:08 istallaying apprehension of spike in prices of goods and commodities after the roll out of the gst, finance minister arunjaitley today said the tax rates will be kept at the current levels so as not to have any inflationary impact.
hyderabad: union minister m m.venkaiahnaidu today said chartered accountants in india will have huge opportunities and challenges when the goods and services tax (gst) is implementedaddressing the icai international conference 'jnana yagna' here, the urban development minister said chartered accountants should play a vital role in addressing issues such as curbing black money.
a sensitive government, which works for the development of farmers, is needed in the state, prime minister modi said.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has recently announced that 128 kishan bazars have been set up across the state to ensure that farmers can sell their produce directly to markets in new delhi.
prime minister narendramodi (source: pti photo/file) prime minister narendramodi (source: pti photo/file)as part of his push for digital payments, prime minister narendramodi today asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments bharat interface for money (bhim) app for transactions.
when pointed out that government officials were allegedly not put in their might to stop the farmer suicide saga, fadnavis said all efforts are underway and things would soon change in marathwada.
fadnavis also said increasing investment in agriculture, making farmers capable and ensuring that a majority of farmers opt for crop insurance would be the best way to tackle situations such as drought.
responding to a question from s r vishwanath (bjp), siddaramaiah said farmers, from whom 1,810 acres had been acquired for the project, would be given an option of either financial compensation or sites.
New Delhi, Dec 2, 2016, (PTI): 12:39 ISTIn a stern warning to black money hoarders, the Finance Ministry today said those indulging in money laundering activities and converting their ill-gotten money into white will not be spared as law-enforcement agencies are already chasing such trails".
mumbai: after his controversial remarks on reservations ncp chief sharad pawar on tuesday demanded quotas for farmers to tackle the agrarian crisis and halt the sudden spurt in suicides.
and at a bjp parliamentary party meeting, modi said his government had given prominence to janshakti (peoples power) over rajshakti (state power) through the demonetisation decision.
antalya (turkey), nov 16, 2015 (ians) 16:19 istindia has zero tolerance on black money and corruption, prime minister modi said on monday, the second and final day of the g20 summit here.
we have set up an agriculture price commission with rs.1,000 crore revolving support price fund for market intervention to ensure farmers do not suffer losses in the event of prices for their crops fall below production cost, ram said.
committed to attack graft: pm after bjp show in civic pollsgonda (up), feb 24, 2017, (pti) 15:50 istbuoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister modi today said he was committed to root out corruption.
responding to the opposition parties, commerce and industry minister nirmalasitharaman said the government was seized of the problems being faced by drought-hit farmers in tamil nadu and that finance minister arun jaitley, agriculture minister radha mohan singh and water resources minister uma bharti have already met delegations from the state.
he added that hed meet chairmen and senior officials of nationalised banks about farm loans in their banks to seek their feedback on loan waiver and frame guidelines accordingly.
union finance minister arunjaitley has said that the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
modi said the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency was to target those with unaccounted cash.
pti photo by manvender vashist expressing gratitude to the people, modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment, digidhan movement.
Referring to demonetisation, he said it has not impacted the economy as apprehended by experts and added that even during the stress period (of November and December), the size of the formal economy was increasing.
but, modi said he wants farmers to reduce the use of chemical fertilisers by 30-40 per cent to save the mother earth from degradation.
while talking after inaugurating the new service, haryana chief minister manoharlalkhattar said that the portal would help providing agriculture related information directly and online to the farmers.
drawing an analogy between the economic acumen of indira gandhi and modi, siddaramaiah said the former took a revolutionary step to nationalise 14 banks in 1969 to enable farmers, daily-wagers and others to avail benefits of banking.
emphasising the significance of the cooperative sector in development, chief minister devendra fadnavis said how the demonestisation drive was a leap forward to fix corruption and deliver results and dividends to hardworking farmers across rural maharashtra.
chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan had on monday said that his government is taking all necessary steps to address the issues of the agitating farmers.
assuring the farmers about the governments focus on agriculture, pranabmukherjee said: my government has taken various steps to transform the lives of our farmers.
prime minister narendramodi had announced on november 8 last year the governments decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1000 bank notes, in a move aimed at tackling black money.
speaking at the meeting, modi said demonetisation is not the end but the beginning of a long, deep and constant battle against black money and corruption and will benefit the poor and the common man.
only those holding huge stashes of untaxed black money need worry, modi said.
in punjab's context, amarindersingh said the agriculture sector, which was largely dependent on cash transactions, had been hit hard, along with the informal sector.
modi said that the demonetisation move was a fight against corruption and targeted those who amassed wealth by unfair means.
speaking after releasing two books on constitution in new delhi, prime minister modi said those who are criticizing the demonetisation move dont have problem with the governments preparedness, but they are having problems because they didnt get time to prepare for turning their black money into white.
modi also said it was important to tackle the trade deficit with china and appreciated the simplification of regulatory procedures by the chinese side, especially for non-basmati rice, sugar, agricultural products and pharmaceuticals.
defence food lab should work for farmers'mysuru, may 8, 2016, dhns: 23:57 istunion defence minister manoharparrikar on sunday said he has directed the defence food research laboratory (dfrl) authorities to utilise their technical skills for the benefit of local farmers and producers to increase their economic status.
(representational image)on november 8, prime minister modi announced his ambitious demonetisation policy initiative to attack the scourges of corruption, black money and fake currency.
when asked about demonetisations effects on the public banking sector, vijaya bank executive director b s ram said, it is a temporary phenomenon, which does not affect the demands of the corporate sector.
responding to questions over the final tally of deposits received during the demonetisation period, arunjaitley said it will be announced by rbi after every note is counted.
india and israel will strengthen the existing cooperation in agriculture, technology and security, modi said at a joint media event with netanyahu.
bhopal: chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on saturday announced major sops for farmers, including an export agency to help them sell their produce outside the country and bonus of rs 100 per quintal for gram, lentil and mustard in addition to msp .
chief minister devendra fadnavis on friday said an integrated scheme to ensure economic sustenance for small and marginal farmers was being worked out to put an end to farmer suicides in maharashtra.
however, keeping the drought in view, siddaramaiah has asked officials to transfer money even to farmers who have not linked their account to aadhaar till april 30.
notably, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had said in december last year that the bjp-led state government succeeded in curbing the farmers suicides by nearly 40 per cent in the worst-affected yavatmal district of vidarbha with the help of baliraja chetna abhiyan.
gst council has complete flexibility to do so and will do so i am sure, shah said at an assocham event here.
prime minister modi , while addressing kisan morcha karyakartas of karnataka through modi (namo) app, said that a change in the government is needed to bring changes in the farmer's condition.
dropping hints that the government would reduce tax rates under gst, prime minister modi said on tuesday that 99 per cent things would be brought under gst slabs below 18 per cent.
alluding to rajiv gandhi's remark, modi said demonetisation brought back the 85 paise which were disappearing due to corruption.
1: chief minister mamatabanerjee today said farmers in singur would get back their land within 12 weeks as ordered by the supreme court and added that the plots that would be handed back would be cultivable.
addressing a gathering after distributing farm-debt waiver certificates at his ancestral village, mehraj, amarindersingh said influential politicians and officials would also be taken to task if they were found involved in cases of sacrilege and police firing the arrest of the former ssp turned into a talking point at the event.
terming it as his scheme aimed at increasing productivity, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said the farmers will be paid rs 200 bonus on every quintal they sold to the government in the last rabi season.
28 crore in 2015-16 benefiting 2,00,947 farmers, naidu said, adding that rs 415.
read morenew delhi: the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace, president ram said in his address to parliament on thursday and vowed that the government will make the zero tolerance policy against corruption more comprehensive and effective.
reiterating the need to move towards a cashless economy, modi said once black money is eliminated from the system, it is essential to ensure that fresh black money is not generated.
in his monthly radio address to the nation 'mann ki baat', modi on the occasion of christmas said 15,000 people who use digital payment modes will be given a reward of rs 1,000 each by a lucky draw.
the congress vice president said he would force the bjp-led nda government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers.
chief minister park on sunday told leaders of the 17 farmers unions that the state will cancel the notification for acquisition of 171 acres of gobindpura village for the upcoming power plant of indiabulls,and they can start tilling their land.
during his poll campaign, prime minister narendramodi had said the first decision of the new up government under the bjp would be to waive loans of small and marginal farmers.
moving the bill for consideration and passage earlier, jaitley said targeted subsidy through aadhar cards of lpg consumers had resulted in savings of over rs 15000 crore at the centre.
gst is a once in a lifetime opportunity for the government to remove anomalies in tobacco taxation in india and bring a fair relief to the tobacco farmers without compromising on its tobacco control goals, faifa general secretary babu said in a statement.
modi and his minions claimed demonetisation will end black money, finish corruption, terminate terrorism, and bring only digital transactions.
in her message to the family of jakhar, gandhi said, the congress party as indeed the entire nation will forever remember the contributions made by him during the course of his long public life, particularly to the cause of farming community.
they can log on to the uidai website, enter their enrolment number and take a printout of the e-aadhaar card which can be used for various schemes till the actual aadhaar number arrives , said uidai deputy director-general ashok dalwai.
talking to his crackdown on black money, modi said three lakh companies had shut their shops after the note ban, that too without any backlash.
to overcome the problem, modi has asked scientists to work closely with farmers to introduce high-yielding crop varieties.
when poor farmers of villages have started adopting digital payment, now they (middlemen) have started spreading new rumours, modi said.
talking about the governments objective of doubling the farmers income by 2022, modi said swaminathan had recently given him some suggestions on which he was working.
kumar uttam (@meetuttam) may 26, 20173:56pm: i want to assure people of india that the kashmir situation will soon be brought under control, says amit shah3:53pm: modi govt has met peoples aspirations, says amit shah3:51pm: ease of doing business improved, fdi inflow grew, says amit shah3:50pm: india has grown as an economic leader, says shah3:48pm: bjp president amit shah speaks to media on 3 years of modi govt2:37pm: ne of northeast would mean new economy, new energy, new empowerment, new engine, says pm modi2:32pm: pm narendra modi launches sampada yojana- scheme for agro marine processing and development of agro processing clusters2:29pm: in new india, we have to move towards ever green revolution, says pm modi2:27pm: if northeast starts working in this (organic farming) direction, india can become one of the biggest centres of organic farming, says pm modi2:26pm: in northeast, the likelihood of organic farming is very high: pm2:24pm: we laid emphasis on pradhan mantri krishi sinchai yojana, says pm modi2:19pm: we cant bring change in the country through tokenism, says pm modi at his dhemaji rally2:17pm: our dream is to double farmers income by 2022, the year when india completes 75 years of independence: pm modi2:15pm: we want to bring modernisation in agriculture, says pm modi2:12pm: pm narendra modi is addressing another rally in assams dhemaji12:19pm: pm renames dhola sadiya bridge as bhupen hazarika bridge12:18pm: within the first year of bjp rule in assam, the state is getting rid of many of its problems, says pm modi12:14pm: the bridge will save time, says pm12:12pm: the bridge will be a link in the development of two states- arunachal pradesh and assam: pm12:10pm: prime minister modi says the bridge will bring an economic revolution12:08pm: this bridge will open new avenues for the farmers, says pm modi in assam12:04pm: it is a proud moment for the country that indias longest bridge has been constructed in assam, says pm modi12:00pm: pm modi is addressing a rally in dhola, assam11:50am: congress leader kamal nath said bjp spending rs 2000 cr on celebration,3 years of modi govt can be summed up as bhashan aur aashwaasan, yeh hai mera shaasanfuturistic infrastructure that will power india's growth.
pti photoaddressing party mps at the bjps parliamentary party meeting, finance minister arun jaitley said that the prime minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities.
nakodar: on the occasion of farmers debt waiver function at nakodar, punjab chief minister amarinder on wednesday announced infrastructure project worth rs 113 crore for shahkot area, which is going to have a byelection after the death of sitting mla ajit singh kohar .
his observation is in contrast with its alliance partner congress demand for a complete loan waiver.
as nandan nilekani says, with the use of aadhar-enabled ekyc, shifting from one operator to another (number portability) can be done in 15 minutes against up to seven days now.
speaking at the first meeting of the bjp parliamentary party in the winter session, modi said the poor and the lower and middle classes have suffered the most due to black money, fake currency and corruption and his government is working to rid the country of these evils and make the economy stronger.
pm demands 'concrete' results of dbt schemenew delhi, june 19, 2015, dhns: 0:58 istwith the government saving up to 15 per cent in direct benefit transfers of subsidies to the beneficiaries, prime minister modi on thursday asked authorities to accelerate the delivery of benefits and expand the applications for the aadhaar (unique identification) card.
by iansshahdol: stepping up his attack on the congress and the gandhi family, prime minister modi on friday said the gandhis are crying even two years after demonetisation as they have lost ill-gotten money.
maharashtrathe government will strive to ensure that rehabilitation of flood-affected people is done in record time, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, adding that efforts will be made to make the state drought-free by diverting rain water from konkan region to north maharashtra and marathwada as well as water from wainganga river to vidarbha by constructing a tunnel.
we will make all  5.58 lakh ration shops aadhar-enabled by june 30.
in a recent letter to the prime minister, ram said his government is willing to consider waiving 50  of farm loans extended by co-operative banks if the centre accepts his request.
allocations for schemes in agriculture, rural development and infrastructure have been hiked, while electronic manufacturing and textiles have been specially marked for investment for job creation, modi said.
echoing ravindranaths views, h c ram , president of advocates association of bengaluru, said, we have to give justice to the litigants and many of the litigants are farmers.
prime minister modi (source: pti photo/file) prime minister modi (source: pti photo/file)as part of his push for digital payments, prime minister modi today asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments bharat interface for money (bhim) app for transactions.
i have said time and again i am ready to accept any suggestion that is in farmers' interest, said modi.
black money used to be parked in the real estate sector, but with decisions like note ban and rera, we put a check to it, modi said.
all-party delegation to be taken to delhi to resolve sugar cane issuebelagavi: july 1, 2015, dhns 1:10 istthe state government will pay the sugar cane farmers after auctioning the sugar stock seized from the factories, chief minister ram has said.
notebandi (demonetisation), prohibition and goods and services tax (gst) were very courageous steps, but many times i feel that prohibition was a more difficult decision than demonetisation, deputy chief minister modi said at de-addiction day celebrations in patna in the presence of nitish and prohibition, excise and registration minister bijendra prasad yadav.
india has always been called an agrarian country but this is the first time that people have realised that with the budget being dedicated to farm sector, union minister mukhtarabbasnaqvi told reporters.
as whether the land in singur would be fit for cultivation again, mamatabanerjee said: according to some agricultural experts, as no farming had taken place there for a decade, it was now more fertile than before.
das said the remonetisation process has reached near completion in less than 90 days of announcement of the demonetisation by the prime minister on november 8.
talking about the recent roll-out of goods and services tax, pranabmukherjee said the passage of gst speaks volume about the maturity of the parliament.
punjab chief minister amarindersingh said, when farmers, who feed the nation, are forced to take to streets to draw attention to their pitiable condition, then it does not augur well for the country.
every month 2 crore accounts are being seeded with aadhaar, prasad said.
union minister naidu union minister naidu naiduwith the opposition seeking narendra modis participation in the debate in parliament over demonetisation, union minister naidu on tuesday said the prime minister will intervene in the issue as and when required and appealed to rival parties to resume the discussion.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday announced that the state cabinet would give one more chance to farmers who could not submit their loan waiver application.
businesses will realise the benefits of input tax credit and gst in coming months, mr. das said during an interaction with aarti krishnan, consultant, the hindu business line , organised by the chennai international centre.
they expressed solidarity with protesting farmers of the state and also unfolded a roadmap for farmers debt waiver plan if congress comes to power.
addressing the indian diaspora in japan, modi said people back home were hailing his decision of rendering rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes invalid but some of them were being prodded to speak against the government because of politics.
last month, prime minister narendramodi had said 37,000 shell companies indulging in tax evasion had been detected and more than three lakh firms were under the scanner for suspicious dealings, post demonetisation.
(source: pti photo/file)the state government will distribute land parchas  documents establishing the ownership of pieces of land in revenue records  among unwilling farmers at singur in hooghly on september 14, chief minister mamatabanerjee said on monday.
govt to talk to cong, other parties on gst: venkaiahbengaluru, aug 18, 2015, (pti) 15:36 istthe centre would shortly hold discussions with congress and other parties to bring them around to facilitate passage of the gst and some other key bills before the winter session of parliament, union parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah ram said today.
i am confident that this statue will become a centre to improve agriculture as well as the lives of local tribals here, modi said.
700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation: pmnew delhi, feb 8, 2017 (pti) 21:29 istaround 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister modi said in rajya sabha today, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
however, keeping the drought in view, ram has asked officials to transfer money even to farmers who have not linked their account to aadhaar till april 30.
govt won't go soft on pursuit of black money: jaitleynew delhi, sep 9, 2015, pti: 12:51 istrefusing to relent on the pursuit of black money, finance minister arunjaitley today said the government will not go soft on bringing unaccounted wealth back into the formal system.
modi said that gst, which aims to bind 1.
talking about demonetisation, modi said some people are still not able to sleep and are very upset because all their black money business is now accounted in banks.
government ready to include ragi, jowar under pdsbangalore, july 10, 2013, dhns: 1:52 istthe state government is ready to include ragi and jowar under the public distribution system (pds) if farmers are willing to grow more of these crops and sell them to it, chief minister ram said on wednesday.
bengaluru: the goods and services tax, to be rolled out in just over a month, will not only check evasions but also help india evolve as a more tax-compliant society, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
we would also be happy to share best practices in organic farming with kenyan farmers, said modi at a joint press conference with kenyatta.
meanwhile, ram on sunday told reporters in mysuru that he is waiting for union governments stand to take a decision of farm loan waiver.
pointing out that online trading of agriculture produce has been introduced in around 30 apmcs in the state to minimise the role of middlemen and make farming profitable, ram claimed that it was a first-of-its-kind experiment in the nation and was being replicated in other states.
At a separate briefing Thursday, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said that 50 per cent worth of the withdrawn currency would be in circulation by the end of the month.
agriculture minister radhamohansingh said, this new variety will be released for commercial cultivation in january and will be available for sowing in the kharif 2017 season.
highlighting pradhan mantri kisan bima yojna, smritiirani said the centre has approved kisan vigyan kendra in amethi and if the state government provided land, it would be started soon.
besides seeking immediate decision on creating vidarbha state, we are demanding waiver of farm loans, accountability for the wrong monetary policies and charging of heavy fees for every banking operation, said ram of vras.
pm modi said the budget for a 'new india' has a roadmap to transform the agriculture sector of the country.
launching pradhan mantri kisan maan dhan yojana, prime minister modi said that every farmer will get rs 3,000 per month after attaining the age of 60 and the scheme will ensure benefit to over 5 crore small and marginal farmers across the country.
The Centre in its affidavit told the apex court that demonetisation is a step to reduce ratio of cash transactions, adding the objective is to unearth illegal parallel economy.
agriculture minister ram told toi that all officials had been instructed to prepare contingency plans to handle the eventuality of a monsoon failure.
i want to really emphasise that aadhar platform is the biggest anti-corruption platform in the world.
8: finance minister ram today announced the setting up of two committees to sort out issues hampering the implementation of the goods and services tax (gst).
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on saturday announced the setting up of commission which would assess the input cost of agriculture produce, and said he was pained to see the violence in the state during the farmers agitation.
modi said if sardar vallabhai patel had been the prime minister at the time, the condition of farmers would have been much better.
punjab is closely following the footsteps of uttar pradesh, where chief minister yogiadityanath announced a waiver of loans to farmers soon after taking charge.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi, who has been holding khat sabhas (cot meetings) with the farmers in the state, said on wednesday that his party will launch an agitation to force the centre to waive loans of the farmers.
it's just beginning, says pm as bjp mps endorse his 'crusade'new delhi, nov 22, 2016, (pti) 13:09 istdemonetisation is not the end but the beginning of a long, deep and constant battle against black money and corruption and will benefit the poor and the common man, prime minister narendramodi today said as the bjp parliamentary party passed a unanimous resolution endorsing his great crusade.
terming the criticism, that almost the entire cash money got deposited in the banks post demonetisation, as ill-informed, arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of demonetisation.
Claiming that over  106.69 crore Aadhaar numbers have been generated across the country as on Friday, UIDAI chief executive officer Ajay Bhushan Pandey said a special drive will start from October 15 to November 15, 2016, and it is aimed at targeting the floating population and leftover residents.
modi claimed that the waivers announced by the congress governments in the states would benefit a maximum of 20 to 30 per cent farmers, while his scheme would reach 90 to 95 per cent farmers.
in his speech announcing demonetisation in november 2016, modi had said that banning certain currency notes would curb black money and circulation of fake notes by terrorist outfits.
agra, nov 20, 2016 (pti) 18:46 istin poll-bound uttar pradesh, prime minister modi today said his demonetisation decision had severly hit the parties whose leaders seek money in lieu of tickets for contesting assembly polls, in a veiled attack on bsp chief mayawati who has been facing such allegations.
months before prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country, a low level government karmachari in jharkhands latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction.
this (agriculture) is an area where india and the bank can fruitfully join hands, prime minister modi said while formally opening the 52nd african development bank's (afdb) annual event on tuesday.
seeking to turn the tables on congress over its president's 'hawabaazi' (empty talk) barb at modi, smritiirani said the real 'hawabaazi' would be rahul gandhi declaring himself to be a messiah of farmers as she attacked the congress vice president over the amethi land row.
we will take action against those who fired at the farmers, he said, inviting cheers from the crowd that had braved scorching heat for over four hours to hear him speak.
union finance minister arunjaitley today said the purpose of demonetisation is served as it had led to larger and cleaner gdp.
we dont want an india where only a handful get everything, fly in aeroplanes and travel in big cars and our farmers are turned into labourers, rahul said.
the meeting also saw trinamool congress pushing for the passage of the gst bill, naidu said.
aadhaar platform is now ready to support payments under various schemes directly to the beneficiaries accounts in select areas, pranabmukherjee said.
replying to the seven-hour-long debate, finance minister arunjaitley said the gst, which will usher in a uniform indirect tax regime in the country, will make commodities slightly cheaper.
by ptinagpur: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has announced that paddy farmers in the state will get a bonus of rs 500 per quintal for the crop.
fadnavis on wednesday announced that the government would provide financial support of rs 1,500 per farmer up to two hectares for resowing if necessary.
prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi on thursday asked his party mps to expose the lies and disinformation campaign of the opposition over the governments stand on obcs and the gst legislation by studying the facts and creating the right awareness about them.
ready to talk to cong on gst: jaitleynew delhi, nov 5, 2015, dhns: 2:19 istfinance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said introduction of the goods and services tax (gst), is only a question of time and he is ready to meet congress leaders to resolve a parliamentary deadlock.
speaking on indian economy: the new normal in the aftermath of demonetisation, jaitley said for the first time such a decision came which was difficult to implement because one has to confront with many challenges.
the pmos directions came after it emerged that rs 1,238 crore has been deposited in cash in such entities in november-december 2016, soon after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of high-denomination notes.
to boost bamboo cultivation and sustainable supply, the forest development corporation of maharashtra (fdcm) is also planning to take up tissue culture bamboo plantation on turnkey or sharing basis with private partners for supplying biomass of bamboo for industrial uses like production of ethanol, bio cng etcwe are even ready to help as service providers to interested farmers and parties with minimum 25 acres of commercial plantation project, said n ram , managing director of fdcm.
fadnavis told the villagers, we are making effort to ensure the investment cost in the agriculture is reduced to minimise the financial losses incurred by the farmers.
(source: pti photo/file) as whether the land in singur would be fit for cultivation again, mamatabanerjee said: according to some agricultural experts, as no farming had taken place there for a decade, it was now more fertile than before.
in his speech, karnataka chief minister ram said the gst has forged a new model of cooperative decentralisation in the country.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the extension will help farmers to avail loan waiver till may 20.
jaipur: rajasthan chief minister vasundhararaje on thursday said it was first time in the history of the state that a government has waived farm loans of up to rs 50,000.
the additional tax for crop compensation, crop insurance and integrated watershed management was levied in october 2015 after severe agrarian crisis in several parts of the state.
Large amounts to be saved by routing subsidy through Aadhar:GovtNew Delhi, Mar 11, 2016 (PTI) 18:39 ISTThousands of crore rupees will be saved by routing government subsidy through the Aadhaar system, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said today, as the Lok Sabha passed a Bill to give statutory backing to the unique identity number scheme.
deputy commissioner n ram told reporters on thursday that government had released rs 52 crore for the district to provide compensation for the farmers in gokak, raibag, athani and ramdurg taluks who had suffered losses due to the hailstorms.
he expressed hope that the government would increase the number of micro-atms in the country to one million from the current 130,000, and said cashless transactions will completely remove bureaucracy from the country.
first uid number was doled out on september 29, 2010, at a village in maharashtra within 14 months of the project taking off whereas the deadline was set at 18 months, he said, adding that they were confident of issuing 60 crore aadhaar numbers by 2014 as per the target planned.
farmers aidguwahati: assam chief minister sarbanandasonowal on monday said the state government had envisaged to provide accident insurance coverage to one lakh fish farmers.
cong won't allow govt to take land of farmers easily: rahulanantapur (ap), july 24, 2015, pti: 12:58 isthitting out at the nda government over the contentious land bill, congress vice president gandhi today said he would not let prime minister narendra modi take farmers' land easily.
modi also said he used the bitter medicine of demonetisation to bring back money into banking system and to give proper treatment to deep-rooted corruption system in the country.
chief minister ram who was in a hurry to return to the state capital to chair an all party meeting, said the government decided to keep the festivities low key as the state is battling continuous droughts.
we have agreed to enhance our engagement in several areas including in agriculture, renewable energy, and power sector, said modi in a joint address to the media with suu kyi.
madhya pradesh farmers protest: union minister naidu told the congress not to politicise the issue.
the focus will be in making available affordable credit, ensuring assured supply of seeds and fertilisers, improving irrigation facilities, comprehensive risk coverage, improving productivity through soil health cards, assured market and remunerative prices for the produce through e-nam (national agriculture market), pranabmukherjee said.
tough rules against black money have sent shivers down the spines of many who have come on one platform, modi said in an oblique reference to the opposition parties who are grouping against the nda.
Rohatgi said a total of Rs  7.5 lakh crore, including Rs 5 lakh crore in new currency notes, was available for transaction, and the cash problem should be resolved soon.
finance minister arunjaitley too had said late last week that he saw no reason to postpone gst roll out.
lauding modis move against black money, chief minister parkashsinghbadal said that the drive would eradicate black money from india.
as per the constitutional provisions, the scheme of crop loan waiver for farmers should be implemented by getting the budget passed, yogiadityanath said.
prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi has asked his ministerial colleagues to give details of tours, if any, undertaken by them during the last three months, an exercise aimed at ascertaining whether they promoted demonetisation and other initiatives, sources said.
briefing reporters after holding a meeting to review the drought and flood situation in the state, siddaramaiah said the food grain target for the 2014-15 was 135 lakh tonnes, but the actual production could be somewhere around 125 lakh tonnes.
new delhi, may 26, 2015, (pti): 18:21 istmaking a strong pitch for growth of farmers, prime minister narendramodi today said the country cannot move forward without their progress and called for increase in crop productivity by 50 percent.
stressing on the importance of a second green revolution in the eastern states of odisha, jharkhand, bihar, west bengal and north-eastern states, modi said that by 2022, when india celebrates the 75th year of its independence, the income of farmers will have doubled.
the farmers main demand was rights over forest land, and fadnavis told them the issue would be resolved within six months.
we have given a package of roughly rs 5,000 crore to farmers, news agency pti quoted chief minister manoharlalkhattar said.
in a bid to promote aadhaar-based payment system, especially in rural pockets, uidai has favoured incentives for shopkeepers using the biometric mode for digital transactions, in line with commission given by banks to business correspondents.
when referred to criticism of the gst by gandhi, modi asked whether gst processes have not been implemented through consensus with all political parties in the country.
ashok dalwai, deputy director-general (tech centre), unique identification authority of india (uidai), said here on saturday that the uidai is working with various state governments to integrate aadhaar with various social sector service delivery programmes, for efficient delivery of services to the beneficiaries.
42 pm: maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis said the budget this time will be farmer-centric.
jaitley said the council also decided to cut gst rates on 27 common use items.
those opposing the bill want three conditions incorporated in it no forcible acquisition of land from farmers, mandatory social impact assessment and clarity on industrial corridor.
prime minister modi has asked the top officials to move fast to approach the aiib for loans for some of the flagship projects of his government, particularly in agriculture, rural housing and railway sectors.
minister of state for home kiren rijiju said there has been a big impact in attempts to pump in fake indian currency notes (ficn) into the country and no such incident was reported ever since prime minister modi had announced the demonetisation decision.
if theres no loan waiver after that, we should put up a fight to ensure kumaraswamy is stripped of power, he said.
tamil culture minister k pandiarajan , representing the aiadmk, justified the rs 71,000 crore spent annually for such schemes, saying initiatives like free cycles for girls had even won praise from the world bank, while manuraj ram (dmk) said provision of subsidized rice copped flak but after implementation actually liberated agriculture.
modi said on ambedkar jayanti on april 14 he would launch national agriculture market e-platform for farmers enabling them to know market price of their produce through mobile phones.
prime minister modi on tuesday announced demonetization of rs 500 and 1000 currency notes with effect from midnight, making these notes invalid in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
questioning the centres intent to rescue the beleaguered farmers, amarinder asked, if a bankrupt state like punjab could do its bit for a loan waiver, why could the centre not come up with a waiver scheme?
union urban development minister naidu in gandhinagar on monday announced that the centre will decide on relaxing guidelines to pay compensation to farmers who sustained 25 per cent to 50 percent damage to their crops.
earlier, union home minister rajnathsingh told the gathering that the nda government had raised the amount of compensation to farmers who suffered due to vagaries of nature.
He added that the reason for long queues outside the banks is because of the same people joining the queue again at some places.
ram ram , a political analyst and former professor, haryana agricultural university, hissar, said that the bjp is likely to emerge as the winner in the region.
in the last 10 years, naveenpatnaik said, odisha has doubled farmers income and lifted eight million people above the poverty line.
prime minster narendramodi has said that the government was taking steps to double farmers income by 2022, and let me say that if we fail to do so then you can kick the bjp out of power, he added.
28 crore in 2015-16 benefiting 2,00,947 farmers, babu said, adding that rs 415.
once we are voted to power again all farmers would be covered under financial assistance scheme instead of present coverage to farmers having land holdings up to five acres, modi said.
todays change should probably bring it down, said ram , adding that the mood at the gst council meeting was very good.
open to changes in land bill that benefit poor: pmnew delhi: may 28, 2015, dhns 2:14 istparties should keep aside political motives: modiamendments in the land acquisition bill in the interest of farmers, poor, village and nation will be accepted, prime minister modi said on wednesday asserting that along with gst bill the measure will be passed by parliament in a matter of time.
modi said his governments focus was on agriculture and doubling farm income by 2022.
after four years in office, prime minister modi has announced his intention to give farmers msps that are at least 50 per cent above the cost (a2+fl and not c2).
It is people's mandate for the Prime Minister's decision of demonetisation, Sonowal told reporters.
Replying that the government cannot sit in every bank, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years.
we are ready to render all possible support to our farmers, babu said.
the ruling bjp does seem to have realized that climate change and droughts are a growing concern, and prime minister narendramodi announced a separate ministry for water called jal shakti.
it has been estimated that trucks waste around 35  of their total travel time at the check posts, said adhia.
listing the sops offered by her government, mamatabanerjee said it has already given financial benefits to 30,000 farmers under 'krishi bondhu' scheme under which they will get the assistance of rs 5,000 per acre in two instalments, one during kharif and another during rabi season.
new delhi: even as bjp mps hailing from uttar pradesh claimed that the momentum in favour of the saffron outfit was sliding ahead of the assembly elections due to demonetisation, prime minister modi on friday said that the nation is above party interests.
Moving the bill for consideration and passage earlier, Jaitley said targeted subsidy through Aadhar cards of LPG consumers had resulted in savings of over Rs 15000 crore at the Centre.
what makes this more significant is that after a long gap of 10 to 15 years, a large chunk of farmers who were denied fresh bank loans because of past defaults, would now be eligible for crop loans providing an opportunity to start afresh in their struggle for existence, tiwari told toi.
share this article related article at drought meet, pm modi says learn from shivajiat drought meet, pm modi says learn from shivaji karnataka cm siddaramaiah meets pm modi , seeks rs 12,272 cr to tackle drought situationkarnataka cm siddaramaiah meets pm modi , seeks rs 12,272 cr to tackle drought situation up seeks rs 11,000 cr to meet drought situation as akhilesh meets pm modiup seeks rs 11,000 cr to meet drought situation as akhilesh meets pm modi ipl 2016: sewage water to run the cash-rich leagueipl 2016: sewage water to run the cash-rich league maharashtra to raise loans to tackle droughtmaharashtra to raise loans to tackle drought flood-like situation in parts of gujarat, toll reaches 27elaborating on gujarats efforts at water conservation, recharge and creation of water bodies, the cm said that 1.
chief minister sarbananda sonowal, who was also present, said gst has removed the sense of alienation and deprivation from the minds of the people of the northeast by providing huge tax benefits.
now it is time to do a bit for the farmer who ensure food security of the country, badal, who was speaking in punjabi, said referring to the slogan 'jai jawan, jai kisan' given by late prime minister lal bahadur shastri, which modi too had echoed as a poll promise.
speaking to dh, farmer leader sunanda ram said, give us water, or give us compensation for crop loss.
calling demonetisation a morally and ethically correct decision, arunjaitley asked the opposition not to defend black money in the name of farmers.
at the jammu rally, modi claimed that the pradhan mantri kisan samman nidhi, under which farmers with two hectares of cultivable land or less would get rs 6,000 a year, as announced in the budget, had no precedent.
komul aims to double productionshidlaghatta, apr 3, 2012, dhns: 2:04 istkolar-chikkaballapur milk union has ensured that dividends reach the farmers directly through its transparent administration, said dr m n ram , the managing director of the karnataka milk federation on tuesday.
cm warns of action against usurious lendersjuly 19, 2015, bengaluru, dhns 1:16 istmoneylenders pressuring farmers for high rates of interest and eventually driving them to suicide will be held responsible for their death, chief minister siddaramaiah said on saturday.
the way the fitment discussions have happened in the gst council and the way commodities and services have been treated, gst is only going to help in improving our exports, ram said here, briefing on three years of initiatives and achievements of the commerce ministry.
the demonetisation pulled them out and now the money is being used for your development, modi said, pointing towards the crowd.
it was this deposit made three days after prime minister narendramodi announced scrapping of 500 and 1,000-rupee banknotes that caught the attentions of tax authorities, who are closely examining all suspicious high-value transactions done after the november 8 demonetisation announcement.
in his address at 'future india: science and technology at the science congress', modi said, today's new slogan is jai jawan, jai kisan, jai vigyan and jai anusandhan.
we will not let a factory (power plant) come up here until and unless farmers are paid compensation as per the coming bill of parliament, amarindersingh said,while accusing badals of speeding up the acquisitions for personal gains.
we have agreed to set up a committee to allot agricultural land to tribals provided they submit proof of pre-2005 land cultivation, chief minister devendra fadnavis said.
at dudu only, aadhaar enabled system of social sector, mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme (mgnregs) and pension scheme will be implemented, uidai (unique identification authority of india) chairman nandan nilekani told reporters here.
10 (pti): the gst council on friday decided to reduce tax rate on a wide range of mass use items  from chewing gums to detergents - to 18 per cent from the current 28 per cent, bihar deputy chief minister modi said.
talking about demonetisation, modi claimed that it had not caused any harm to the common man, but it is congress which felt the pinch.
last updated: 11 december, 2011kolar/chikkaballapur, december 11, dhns: 23:53 iststrategy meet: in search of permanent solutions for water scarcity in districtssinking borewells would not be a permanent solutions for perennial water crisis in the districts of kolar and chikkaballapur, said dr ram , professor at the university of agriculture science, bangalore.
buoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi today said he was committed to root out corruption.
at the meeting of the bjp parliamentary party yesterday, prime minister modi said the bill will benefit farmers and that the amendments brought by his government were based on suggestions and demands made by congress-ruled states and their chief ministers.
the government is willing to discuss all issues and answer the questions raised by the opposition, modi said, hoping for a fruitful session as he recalled the passage of the gst bill in the last session with the cooperation of all parties.
farmers' suicide; cm ram to lead all party delegation to pmhubballi(karna), aug 5, 2015, (pti) 16:53 istkarnataka chief minister ram today said he will lead an all party delegation to the prime minister to seek more relief funds in the wake of farmer suicides, unseasonal rains and drought like situation in certain parts of the state.
modi said that the two sides will encourage industry and businesses in both countries to take lead in exploiting opportunities in healthcare, tourism, information technology, agriculture, blue economy and energy.
addressing a farmers rally at raigaon village in kadegaon taluka of sangli district, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, overall, our budgetary allocations for the agriculture sector has gone up many folds.
union finance minister arunjaitley told the bjp mps that the demonetisation would help india embrace digital economy.
the number of persons under the tax net has increased by 91 lakh as unaccounted cash lost anonymity post note ban, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
WATCH VIDEO: People Que Up At Banks To Exchange Rs 500 & Rs 1000 Notes: Heres What They SaidOn whether the demonetisation of Rs 500/1000 notes will help weed out black money, Jaitley said this is not an isolated initiative and the decision has to be seen in the backdrop of various steps being taken including GST roll out.
in this situation, the centre will have to step in to help the farmers, said siddaramaiah.
sena chief uddhav thackeray told his legislators to continue to press for the demand, and not let the house function till such a time that the state government, of which it is a component, gives in to it and announces a loan waiver.
don't evaluate me only on demonetisation and gst; we brought economic reform, built toilets, brought electricity to 18,000 villages, modi had said in an interview to zee news.
fee waiver for farmers' kids in drought-hit areasdharwad, sep 22, 2013, dhns: 13:44 istchief minister ram on sunday announced that the state government would bear the educational fees of children of farmers of drought-affected areas in the state.
now, the idea of gst was that let there be just one tax in the country, arunjaitley said.
to fill the gap in storage capacity requirements, nabard should interact with private sector players, pranabmukherjee said, addressing the foundation day of national bank for agriculture and rural development, the apex bank for agriculture sector loans in the country.
chief minister siddaramaiah said, we are committed to protect the interest of farmers and people of karnataka.
gst is a once in a lifetime opportunity for the government to remove anomalies in tobacco taxation in india and bring a fair relief to the tobacco farmers without compromising on its tobacco control goals, faifa general secretary babu said in a statement.
if bjp forms government in up, modi said, i promise you we will form a special task force to ensure that lands looted from farmers and middle-class people would be restored.
capt amarindersingh , who met congress president rahul gandhi earlier in the day, said prime minister narendra modis allegations on the punjab governments loan waiver scheme were completely incorrect.
from land monetisation to seeking the help of financial institutions, the government will explore all available routes to help small and marginal farmers, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on sunday.
file photofinance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said the goods and services tax (gst), which is likely to be rolled out from july 1, will help curb tax evasion and reduce prices of various commodities by reducing tax on tax.
the way nitish kumar has acted out of the dotted line of politics and supported surgical strike and demonetisation, he can similarly play a historic role by adopting a constructive attitude on the ayodhya issue, said modi.
(express file photo by prem nath pandey)a day before the introduction of the state goods and service tax (gst) bill in the odisha assembly, chief minister naveenpatnaik on wednesday said gst was a major financial reform which would transform the country into one single market.
finance minister t.m. thomas isaac told the assembly on tuesday that the government hoped to overcome the impact of demonetisation and gst on the states economy in another six months.
reiterating his governments commitment to the poor, farmer and women, modi said keeping his promise over 1500 villages had received electricity during the last two and a half years.
on farm loans, cm devendra fadnavis said the centre was positive about institutionalising the credit system and the state will bear its share.
the laws which enable this (gst) are now before parliament which hopefully should get cleared and once they do get cleared then by the middle of this year we hope to see the implementation as far as this law is concerned, arunjaitley said.
announcing that there is no new proposal for tax increase like the previous two years, deputy chief minister manishsisodia , who also handles the finance portfolio, said the government expects a positive impact on tax revenue collections after the implementation of the goods and service tax (gst) later this year.
asserting that the interests of farmers will be protected, ajitpawar , who also holds finance portfolio, said, the state government will do nothing that will adversely affect farmers in maharashtra.
modi had said that as millions of people buy pepsi and coke the companies could put 5 per cent natural juice in their drinks and it would help farmers make a lot of money and not throw their fruits away.
uninterrupted power to farmers in two years: piyush goyalpatna, nov 15, 2014, (ians): 17:38 istthe narendra modi government will provide uninterrupted electricity through dedicated feeders to farmers across india in the next two years, union power minister piyushgoyal said saturday.
Commenting on the data, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said this year growth figures are on a high base of last fiscal and numbers "do not show much negative impact of demonetisation".
speaking on use of technology in agriculture, siddaramaiah said, karnataka is in the forefront.
it is not only the gst but many pro-poor steps are stuck in parliament, pm modi said at a function.
Asking people not to fall prey to rumours like shortage of salt and bankers going on strike, Das said the government will ensure adequate availability of cash as well as essential commodities".
last week, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced in the assembly that farmers need not worry; we will buy doda chura from them and burn it.
pm-kisan, which will involve a cost of rs 75,000 crore, will eventually enable farmers to increase their income, modi claimed, adding that there would be no place for any syndicate or middlemen as money would be transferred directly into farmers accounts.
noting that they reviewed the full range of bilateral relationship, modi said the two sides will encourage industry and business in both countries to take lead in exploiting opportunities in healthcare, tourism, information technology, agriculture, blue economy and energy.
(file photo)making yet another pro-farmer announcement in election year, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on sunday said a board on the lines of apeda (agricultural and processed food products export development authority) will be set up in madhya pradesh to help farmers export and get remunerative price for their produce.
government is making all out efforts to ensure that farmers get latest seeds, required electricity, do not face any problem in market access and get right prices for their produce, modi said.
8:45pm: assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal says gst will bring a paradigm shift in the entire indirect tax system.
crop sown not getting insurance is being taken up, ram said during zero hour, adding crop insurance coverage is being increased.
people are happy about the fact that even modi's rs 1,000 notes are not usable anymore, modi said.
during afghan president ashraf ghani's visit to india last week, prime minister modi announced allocation of usd 1 billion to afghanistan to meet requirements for capacity and capability building in spheres like education, health, agriculture, skill development, empowerment of women, energy, infrastructure and strengthening of democratic institutions.
chandigarh: on day of gst launch , haryana finance minister captain abhimanyu said that of 2,47,999 dealers in the state, 1,90,234 applicants have successfully registered with the gst system in different districts of the state.
fee waiver for farmers' kids in drought-hit areasdharwad, sep 22, 2013, dhns: 13:44 istchief minister siddaramaiah on sunday announced that the state government would bear the educational fees of children of farmers of drought-affected areas in the state.
ragi, jowar may come under pdsthe state is ready to include ragi and jowar under the public distribution system (pds) if farmers grow more of these crops and sell them to it, said chief minister ram on wednesday after launching the anna bhagya yojane, dhns reports from bangalore.
gandhinagar: chief minister narendra modi has asked officials to expedite the issuing of aadhar cards and take up this campaign on mission mode.
(file)chief minister manoharlalkhattar today said land in the state will not be acquired without the consent of farmers and rates prescribed for acquisition will be paid to them without any delay.
aadhaar project would use today's latest and modern technology , said dr. singh.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley earlier in the day had said that deposits of the now defunct Rs. 500 and Rs. 1,000 currency notes in bank accounts will not enjoy immunity from tax.
repeating remarks he made in lok sabha a day earlier, modi said demonetisation should have happened in 1971 when indira gandhi was the prime minister.
follow our election coverage hereassuring the farmers in particular, modi said: the nda government, soon after being voted to power for a second time, will start working on priority to double the income of farmers by 2022.
at a time when people are distressed due to the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes by the union government, ram has announced a series of programmes for the development of backward classes and has also announced schemes for the agricultural sector.
highlighting pradhan mantri kisan bima yojna, smritiirani said that the centre has approved kisan vihaan kendra in amethi and if the state government provide land it would be started soon.
a sincere attempt will be made to provide water to standing crops of our farmers, siddaramaiah said.
PTI PhotoAddressing party MPs at the BJPs Parliamentary party meeting, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said that the Prime Minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities.
the landmark gst legislation will reflect the spirit of one nation, one aspiration, one determination, said prime minister modi , as he addressed the third meeting of the governing council of niti aayog on sunday.
In fact PM Modi is setting a new example of propriety in public life, by asking all MPs & MLAs of BJP to submit their bank account details post demonetization.
ranchi: unique identification authority of india (uidai) chairman nandan nilekani asked chief minister arjun munda to issue a notification declaring aadhaar numbers as the basis of identity and residential proof of the aadhaar number holder, following which different service delivery mechanisms could be lawfully linked with the beneficiary.
prime minister narendramodi said he would lessen the suffering of farmers.
modi said this was being done to tackle the menace of black money in the country, which has sapped the economy.
In the long term, this landmark step will increase the size of official economy and reduce the shadow economy, Jaitley said.
prime minister modi had said that after demonetisation, terrorism will stop but it has not happened.
we have been working speedily in all sectors, whether it is the jal jeevan mission, respect and help for each and every farmer in the country, setting free our muslim women from the malaise of triple talaq, or laws for strengthening childrens security, said modi.
legislators taking part in a discussion on the drought situation of the state in belagavi on wednesday | rajesh sadarebelagavi: chief minister ram has asked the district ministers to visit villages and ensure drought relief works are carried out expeditiously.
aadhaar is robust, safe, secure and totally accountable, prasad told reporters here.
perhaps seeking to counter this claim, modi said, economic growth has meaning only if it empowers the poor, farmers, women, as well as the middle and neo-middle classes of all communities.
modi said that his governments journey toward developing india is built on investments in infrastructure, agriculture, manufacturing and services.
chief minister devendra fadnavis on sunday asked bankers to help realise prime minister narendra modis appeal for a cashless economy.
in last week of december, during the demonetisation period, prime minister modi had announced a scheme to boost real estate and provide affordable houses to all.
all the 125 crore people of the country have equal value and importance, modi said in his monthly radio programme mann ki baat in which he also pushed for more digital transactions, informed about the launch of south asia satellite on may 5 and spoke about some other issues.
48pm: the government will set up gramin haats so that farmers dont have to go faraway to sell their produces, says modi.
sharing india's experiences in meeting common challenges such as uplifting farmers and the poor, financial access and building infrastructure, modi said paying subsidies directly had helped his government save over $4 billion dollars in cooking gas.
but our objective is to wipe out black money and end terror financing, mr. rohatgi said.
the success in agriculture needs to be extended to eastern india and scientific and technological interventions are required to make this a reality, said modi.
former finance minister p chidambaram, who was elected to the rajya sabha in june, had said the government could accommodate congress demand for mentioning the gst rate cap in the constitution (122nd amendment) or gst bill through skilful drafting.
large amounts to be saved by routing subsidy through aadhar:govtnew delhi, mar 11, 2016 (pti) 18:39 istthousands of crore rupees will be saved by routing government subsidy through the aadhaar system, finance minister arun jaitley said today, as the lok sabha passed a bill to give statutory backing to the unique identity number scheme.
amid the ongoing agitation of farmers in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis had recently announced the biggest-ever farm loan waiver in the state.
gst council has reduced tax rates of 66 items as against representations received for 133 items, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters here after the 16th meeting of the gst council.
aadhar to bring transparency in welfare schemes: pmnew delhi, aug 15, 2012, (ians): 9:57 istthe government wanted to create a system through which money from central welfare schemes could be credited directly into bank accounts of beneficiaries and would utilise the unique identification number aadhar scheme for this, prime minister manmohan singh said wednesday.
chief minister yogiadityanath on thursday said the state government had decided to waive off electricity surcharge for farmers in west uttar pradesh.
odisha chief minister naveenpatnaik today asked the district collectors to attach importance to farmers issues while opposition congress demanded constitution of a farmers commission in the state.
farmers should have confidence as the government is with them, siddaramaiah said.
uttar pradesh, telangana and andhra pradesh have announced loan waivers on their own and maharashtra will have to follow the same, naidu told reporters.
billing it as a major step to check corruption and tax evasion, arunjaitley in his budget speech said that the government has accepted a suggestion by the special investigation team on black money in this regard.
ram prasad ram , secretary of the jamuna valley dairy cooperative society said the banks intervention has resulted in more income to the farmers which has motivated the producers to concentrate on cattle rearing.
we will make a forceful argument again on june 30 at the final gst council meeting before its roll out and make our case for 35 items we already represented to the council about," finance minister eatela rajender told toi on wednesday.
in his speech to the joint sitting of both houses, president ramnathkovind said, the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace.
(file)karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy on monday said he is committed to waive farm loans or else he will retire from politics and asked people not to fall prey to the bjps conspiracy.
The Prime Minister had the temerity to take such a hard decision to fight black money and corruption, he said.
finance minister arunjaitley said on wednesday the philosophy behind his budget is to spend more on identified success stories and carrying on with the governments campaign against black money, hours after unveiling measures to assure the country that the impact of demonetisation would wear off soon.
kobe: prime minister modi on saturday said he was aware of the hardship people were facing in india because of the demonetisation move, but emphasized that it was necessary in the larger interests of the nation.
in case the farmers suffer any loss, it would be compensated by this pradhikaran, manoharlalkhattar said.
prime minister modi had announced demonetisation of the rs 500/1000 notes on the night of november 8.
the decision has helped to get rid of exploitation of farmers by private money lenders, fadnavis said on sunday.
he said awareness on gst was the need of the hour.
in a facebook post titled 'benefits of the aadhaar - where it stands today', arunjaitley said its use in the delivery of subsidies has helped saved rs 90,000 crore in the last few years till march 2018 by eliminating several duplicate, non-existent and fake beneficiaries.
he said today: modi said, 'i will change the life of farmers'.
improved insurance coverage to crops is being ensured under the pm fasal bima yojna, naidu said, while pointing towards other initiatives such as soil health cards, organic farming, agri-markets, kisan suvidha and better minimum support prices.
modi, who is addressing the summit along with us president barack obama, said heavy investments in infrastructure and agriculture will improve economy.
new delhi, jan 24, 2015 (pti) 15:30 istall jan dhan bank accounts should be linked to aadhaar, prime minister narendramodi said today while asking bankers to speed up this process and redouble efforts on financial literacy.
union finance minister arun jaitley has said the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
calling demonetisation a morally and ethically correct decision, arunjaitley asked the opposition not to defend black money in the name of farmers.
the modi government is determined to tackle the black money issue, said amitshah while addressing the media on the completion of one year of nda government.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced a slew of schemes aimed to benefit farmers.
modi further said farmers of maharashtra had benefited and women got better employment opportunities in the last five years under fadnavis leadership.
september data painted an encouraging picture as the sector continued to recover from the disruptions caused by the introduction of the gst in july," said aashna dodhia, economist at ihs markit and author of the report".
modi, who was replying to a debate on the motion of thanks to the president's address, said his government wanted to make changes in the land act passed during the upa tenure because all the chief ministers had said it was against farmers' interest and hampered development and infrastructure creation.
we have committed that in 2019, we will have a government that will make up for all the crimes that narendra modi has done against farmers in five years, gandhi said.
watch what else is making news:in an apparent reference to criticism of demonetisation by opposition parties, arunjaitley also said there would have been complaints even before cash or currency was invented and even if it gets eliminated tomorrow.
modi said he needs the maximum help from people about spreading awareness regarding the pradhan mantri crop insurance scheme which was launched earlier this month.
addressing the opening session of the two-day conference in which union cabinet ministers, food and agriculture ministers from states and senior government officials are taking part, pranabmukherjee said procurement of foodgrains and enhancement of storage capacity in view of the proposed national food security act.
with opposition parties questioning the government over benefits of the demonetisation process, arunjaitley said that tax authorities are conducting big data mining to zero in on those with income disproportionate to cash they deposited during the 50-day process.
in his speech on the november 8, modi had said: to break the grip of corruption and black money, we have decided that the rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes presently in use will no longer be legal tender from midnight tonight, that is 8th november 2016.
finance minister yanamala ramakrishnudu on saturday said the central and state governments gave up their exclusive rights under the federal structure to impose taxes on various commodities, to pave the way for the goods and services tax (gst), a structure that helped several countries achieve higher growth rates.
agriculture patna: deputy chief minister modi said the centre should extend its full economic co-operation to the state to achieve the goal of a second green revolution.
misuse of relief amountearlier in the day, speaking to reporters at the mysore airport at mandakalli in mysuru, siddaramaiah said on friday that there was no question of protecting any tainted persons over embezzlement of relief amount meant for farmers for land acquired from them.
mysore: for the marginalized, illiterate and vulnerable groups, aadhaar will come as a boon to would turn into boon for marginalized or vulnerable groups to get access many services with a help of single identity number opined, said nandan nilekani, chairman, unique identification authority of india (uidai).
ashok dalwai, deputy director, unique identification authority of india (uidai) said unique identification (uid) card was a legal database collection system and there was no chance of the data being misused.
while chief minister naveen patnaik thanked farmers for agreeing to leave their land for the refinery project, modi said: the paradip project has shown that farmers here are ready to give their land so that lakhs of youths get jobs, he added.
in the run-up to the elections, his party had promised to effect a complete loan waiver within 24hours of coming to power.
the farmers are suffering as a result of the central governments failure to waive their debts, which many state governments, including punjab, had been repeatedly seeking, and also to give them the due price for their produce, he said, reiterating his demand for implementation of the swaminathan commission report.
The scheme to pay this compensation has now been incorporated into the Shetkari Adhar Nidhi scheme of the agriculture department, Parrikar said.
on the cooperative departments appeal to the government to expedite the loan waiver, amarindersingh said the commission set up by his government to ascertain the quantum of farm loans in the state and to work out the modalities for their waiver would soon come out with its recommendations in thematter.
(file photo)union agriculture minister radhamohansingh said in lok sabha thursday that he would be happy if the new bjp government in uttar pradesh waived farm loans as promised by the party before the assembly elections.
before ending his 28-hour-long fast, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on sunday announced a series of measures for farmers, including declaring purchase of farm produce below the minimum support a criminal act.
new delhi, apr 24, 2015 (pti) 17:44 istthe long-pending goods and services tax (gst) bill was today moved in the lok sabha for consideration amid stiff resistance by several opposition parties, even as finance minister arunjaitley said it is a win-win measure and states have nothing to fear.
salem: as part of the measures being taken to improve agriculture, a special scheme for development of rainfed agriculture has been conceived, said chief minister edappadik.palaniswami at a mega government scheme distribution function in salem on tuesday.
the drive for digital payment channels and financial inclusion will ensure direct benefit transfers to indians and will bring them in formal financial system, naidu said.
modi said history would not remember which pm enforced demonetisation but it would certainly recall how the people fought a war on black money.
in all, rs 75,000 will be transferred to farmers accounts, no broker or middlemen involved, modi said.
on claims that names of many farmers have not figured in waiver lists, amarinder said names of only those had not been figured in the lists where some anomalies in names were there and the farmers should approach authorities concerned for corrections and waiver would be provided to the deserving farmers.
terming the proposed goods and service tax as the biggest tax reform since independence, modi also said he has warned those with black money to declare it before the given deadline of september 30, as stern action might be taken after that.
The Griha Aadhar scheme has helped households get proper and nutritious diet in the face of inflation," Parrikar said, adding that just a few instances when these schemes have been misused cannot serve as the grounds for depriving the rest of the beneficiaries".
we'll certainly examine it (proposal for waiving farm loans), naveenpatnaik said.
during the deliberations, the chief minister informed the delegation, led by the chairman of punjab mandi board ajmer singh lakhowal, that the state government has already released funds worth rs 80 crore to ensure free crop loan of farmers upto rs 50000.
chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said that the centre must waive farm loans across the country and not pass the buck to the states.
first, we will introduce the targeted delivery of financial and other subsidiary benefits services by using the aadhaar framework.
however, the badals, with their selective memory, had conveniently forgotten about this fact while accusing me of cheating the farmers on the debt waiver issue, amarindersingh said, adding that the akali leaders should check out the facts before making such unsubstantiated statements.
guwahati: prime minister modi today said the demonetisation drive was a tough decision to take in view of the opposition parties' constant efforts to turn people against it.
karnataka to clear rs 923 crore arrears to sugar cane farmersbelagavi, june 30, 2015, dhns: 2:13 istchief minister siddaramaiah on tuesday announced that the state government would further absorb the dues to be paid by sugar factories to farmers for 2013-14 by releasing rs 923 crore in two installments.
Responding to criticism of government on demonetisation by Trinmool Congress MP Saugata Roy, Jaitley said cash is root cause of many problems including the chit fund fraud which was witnessed in West Bengal.
siddaramaiah also said the gst, which will come into effect from april next year, will boost the economic environment.
punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals on monday asked the union government to constitute a high-level committee of agriculture experts to revive the agrarian economy in the state.
mr. rajender, speaking to newspersons after the meeting, said that mr. jaitley had also assured on compensating the losses to be incurred by states on account of gst implementation.
dalwai said the second phase of aadhaar enrolments would be more stringent and foolproof, both at the enrolment level and data uploading level.
chandigarh: the haryana government is in talks with various companies for the domestic production of bio-fuel from stubble and also has plans to provide agriculture implements to farmers on subsidised rates to keep a check on the practice of burning paddy stubble in the state, chief minister manoharlalkhattar said.
prime minister narendramodi on saturday announced setting up of a high-powered task force to bring structural reforms in agrarian sector in the country, said niti aayogs vice-chairman rajiv kumar.
speaking about the power of unity, modi said, in august 2016, parties having intense political rivalry, parties which do not let go any chance to attack the other, all came together to pass the gst bill.
according to a note being circulated by the department of economic affairs within the government, modi has asked the officials to seek aiib fund particularly for pradhan mantri krishi sinchayee yojana (prime ministers agricultural irrigation scheme) or pmksy, rural housing programme and some projects in railway sector on priority.
agra, nov 20, 2016 (pti) 18:32 istprime minister modi today said political leaders behind multi-crore chit fund scams are attacking him as they have been hit hard by demonetisation, in remarks seen as sharp attack on west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee.
(pti file photo)congress vice-president gandhi on saturday said his mahayatra from deoria in eastern uttar pradesh to delhi from september 6 is a campaign to help secure rights of the poor, farmers and labourers in government resources.
As parties like BJD opposed the move to make Aadhaar mandatory for filing of Income Tax returns and making PAN application, Jaitley said linking of Aadhaar with PAN was necessary as people have multiple PAN cards and are using it as a tool for tax evasion".
chief minister devendrafadnavis , even before he met a delegation of the left-affiliated all india kisan sabha (aiks) that led an estimated 40,000 farmers on a 180-km march from nashik to mumbai, told the vidhan sabha that the state government was sensitive and positive to the demands of the farmers, many of them tribals.
while claiming that total investments in agriculture sector would in his tenure of five years (2014-2019) would surpass the past records of 50 years, fadnavis said, rs 34,000 crore loan waiver to 89 lakh farmers would reach the truly deserving and genuine individuals.
siddaramaiah said he has already instructed the district in-charge ministers and legislators to visit the farmers' families.
| file photonew delhi: aadhaar becoming an identity proof for every indian is now a distinct possibility, finance secretary ashok lavasa said on wednesday.
ragi, jowar may come under pdsthe state is ready to include ragi and jowar under the public distribution system (pds) if farmers grow more of these crops and sell them to it, said chief minister siddaramaiah on wednesday after launching the anna bhagya yojane, dhns reports from bangalore.
farmers' suicide; cm siddaramaiah to lead all party delegation to pmhubballi(karna), aug 5, 2015, (pti) 16:53 istkarnataka chief minister siddaramaiah today said he will lead an all party delegation to the prime minister to seek more relief funds in the wake of farmer suicides, unseasonal rains and drought like situation in certain parts of the state.
in a bid for smooth transition to the new tax regime, siddaramaiah announced the constitution of gst consultation committee in the commercial taxes department that would have representatives from all the important stakeholders.
yet even though the cash crunch has inflicted the most pain on the poor, modi has said in his campaign speeches it would punish the venal rich.
terming the proposed goods and service tax as the biggest tax reform since independence, modi also said he has warned those with black money to declare it before the given deadline of september 30, as stern action might be taken after that.
the bjp leaders from across the country said that there is an overwhelming support for the governments bold move to fight black money and corruption, union minister naidu said.
committed to attack graft: pm after bjp show in civic pollsgonda (up), feb 24, 2017, (pti) 15:50 istbuoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi today said he was committed to root out corruption.
prime minister narendramodi on april 8 had announced higher compensation and government aid for farmers suffering due to unseasonable rains.
Speaking at the same programme earlier, UIDAI Chairman Nandan Nilekani had said the authority will beat the target of generating 60 crore Aadhaar numbers before schedule in the next few months.
complete 'aadhar' coverage in karnataka by june next: cmbangalore, july 16, 2013 (pti): 18:03 istkarnataka chief minister siddaramaiah today said plans have been formulated to cover the entire state under the 'aadhaar' project by june next year.
modi said the panel will deliberate on the details for rolling out the reverse charge mechanism in the first week of may, with the time table and the coverage to be decided.
forget demonetisation, i will keep taking tough actions, one after another, to get rid of these termites who resurface at new places every time their holes are plugged, modi said at a function in jharkhands backward sahebganj district.
(pti)mumbai: prime minister modi who paid floral tributes to dr. babasaheb ambedkar on the occasion of his birth anniversary at deekshabhoomi in nagpur, said the bhim aadhaar is the strongest foundation of a new economy and a new india that dr ambedkar had envisaged.
whether it is the ration of the poor of the country, and of poor farmers, or deals relating to defence of the country, whoever has taken commission, their numbers are coming down one after other, modi said.
about the recently-launched crop insurance scheme, modi said it will come into force in all states from april 1, this year.
(mea twitter) during the talks, modi said india and vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration, renewable energy, agriculture and textiles.
but the gst council has further pruned 12 more items, modi said.
badal said that the state government was leaving no stone unturned to ensure that more and more such centres were opened in the state for the larger interest of the farmers adding that special thrust was being laid on promoting the cultivation of vegetables and citrus fruits through them.
raje said in this scheme, after waiving off interest and penalty on overdue loan till september 30, 2017, of small and marginal farmers, loan up to rs 50,000 have been waived off from the remaining loan.
sugar minister h s ram said water resources minister m b patil would hold a meeting of sugar cane farmers and factory owners in bijapur on thursday to resolve local issues pertaining to payment of sugar cane dues.
the demonetisation exercise, which has led to a surge of low cost funds into the banking sector, will not only help in expanding the size of the formal economy but also eventually push up tax collections, arunjaitley said in the lok sabha on thursday.
replying to a debate in the rajya sabha on the benami transactions (prohibition) amendment bill 2016, which was later passed by voice vote (the lok sabha had passed it last week), arunjaitley said a law alone could not solve the problem of black money but efforts would have to be made to create fear of law.
dalwai in his reply said that the money spent on the project is subject to audit by the comptroller and auditor general (cag)prabhakar said that payments under the mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme (mgnregs) can be accounted for and it will be sent directly to the beneficiaries accounts, which can be operated by the beneficiaries using their uid cards.
reiterating state congress commitment to waive off farmers debts if it comes to power in punjab, amarinder assured the farmers that their plight would end after the assembly elections.
(source: ani photo) rahulgandhi said he would force the bjp-led nda government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers.
hospitals should get cashless transaction system, says parrikarmangaluru, dec 26, 2016, dhns: 23:36 istdefence minister manoharparrikar said that a cashless system should be introduced in all government and private hospitals across the country.
june 1 is the cut-off for considering reforms for this listing and our gst was implemented from july 1, so there is considerable room for further improved position next time, arunjaitley said.
emphasising that broad-based and wide-ranging cooperation in agriculture and food security was a shared priority, modi said the two sides were collaborating to raise agricultural productivity in kenya.
Now there will be less cash transaction and an increase in digital currency, Jaitley said.
defending government's decision to demonetise rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, arunjaitley said cash is the biggest facilitator of crime even though he agreed that there will be crime even if there is less cash.
b t manohar, chairman of state tax committee team gst, federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industry (fkcci), bengaluru, said that karnataka was a role model for all other states in the country.
3, arunjaitley told reporters, but did not clarify whether the country could meet the self-imposed deadline of april 1 for the launch of goods and services tax, the country's most ambitious tax reform as yet.
speaking to reporters after the congress legislature party meeting on friday morning, kpcc president g ram , who is yet to be relieved as home minister, said that all cases registered against farmers during protests, whether it was cauvery riots, mahadayi waters issue or protests by sugarcane growers seeking payment of their dues, would be withdrawn.
deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi , who also holds charge of finance and commercial taxes departments, said people have now begun to understand gst which is evident from the fact that the quantum of complaints vis--vis gst has reduced to only 10 per cent.
fadnavis said, the allocation of rs 25,000 crore for agriculture is a big leap forward.
addressing local farmers, modi said that when he became the pm, sugarcane farmers were to be paid rs 14,000 crore.
magisterial probe into farmer suicide orderedbelgaum, nov 28, 2013, dhns: 2:42 istchief minister siddaramaiah on thursday announced a magisterial probe into the death of sugarcane grower vithal bheemappa arabhavi amid opposition allegation that the state government was responsible for the farmers suicide and the demand for his resignation.
this will make digital payments easy even for those who cannot read or write, thus realising ambedkars vision of social and financial empowerment for all, modi said.
the new encryption adds another security layer to the hardware at a time when such devices are all set to take the centre stage in biometric-based digital payments.
rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) december 20, 2018indicating that further simplification of the goods and services tax is on the anvil,prime minister narendra modi had tuesday said his government wants to ensure that '99 per cent things' attract sub-18 per cent gst slab.
reap crop insurance benefit: pm modibelagavi: feb 28, 2016, dhns: 1:43 istthe centre will not hesitate to spend for the welfare of farmers, said prime minister modi , as he set out to explain details of the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana at a farmers convention in belagavi on saturday.
our government has brought the most comprehensive fasal bima yojana for the farmers, says modi.
chief minister devendra fadnavis has warned district cooperative banks and other financial institutions of stern action if they turn down eligible loan requests of farmers ahead of the kharif season.
last month on this date, prime minister modi announced his battle against black money on national television by demonetising, in one fell swoop, all rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
apologising for not visiting families of those farmers who have ended their lives, owing to the ongoing legislative session, siddaramaiah said he would do so once the session concluded.
after beginning his speech in yavatmal in the local banjara dialect, paying tributes to the communitys saints like sevalal and speaking for a while in marathi, modi said his government had worked tirelessly for farmers and pointed to the rs6,000 that his government would place annually directly in their bank accounts as income support and the sum of rs3,000 offered to workers in the unorganised sector as pension.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis maharashtra cm devendra fadnavischief minister devendra fadnavis on saturday stressed that fresh crop loans for the ensuing kharif season should be handed over to farmers on a mission mode to ensure that most small and marginal farmers find a place in the institutional credit mechanism.
according to reports, modi told pawar that fadnavis would take a call on loan waiver.
siddaramaiah said the excess grants had helped those states to take up drought-relief works.
chief minister h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys said he would cut down on expenditure on other heads to compensate the loss to the state exchequer on account of farm loan waiver.
b'during the debate, chief minister vasundhararaje said rajasthan is a consumer state and the common man stands to benefit from the gst, which will provide relief from price rise.
ap announces debt cut for farmershyderabad, dec 4, 2014, dhns: 1:08 istbenefiting 22,79,000 families of andhra pradesh, chief minister narachandrababunaidu announced waiver of loan not exceeding rs 50,000 taken by farmers from banks between 2007-2013.
lauding the role played by punjabis in socio-economic development of gujarat,modi said: nearly 50,000 sikhs had lived peacefully in gujarat since centuries,thereby intermingling with other communities and playing a proactive role in the states development any officer of the gujarat government,compelling the farmers to leave the state,should understand clearly that in such a case,he will have to leave gujarat.
meghwal said that about  23.2 per cent of the economic activity is shadow economy and government's push to cashless transactions will widen the tax bracket.
Quick verificationThe pilot project on opening bank accounts with Aadhar information is operational in three banks in Tumkur district of Karnataka, UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani told Deccan Herald.
He emphasised that despite the difficulties being faced after note-ban, people were welcoming the move as they realised that the Prime Minister has displayed the required courage while taking a tough decision, aimed at curbing black money and getting it implemented.
our pro-poor schemes such as cheaper foodgrain to poor people, free milk supply to students, interest-free loans to farmers and welfare schemes to other sections of society are benefiting the people across the state, siddaramaiah said.
(source: ap)prime minister modi has asked 11 drought-hit states including maharashtra to take measures on a weekly basis for drought-proofing of villages till the monsoon arrives in the first week of june.
Those indulging in or colluding with money laundering or converting black money into white will not be spared, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said in a tweet.
new delhi: the central government is planning to make all ration shops under the public distribution system in the country aadhaar-enabled by june 30 this year, it minister ravi shankar prasad today said.
the fund was released based on recommendations were by a high-level team of officials from the centre which visited drought-hit areas recently, union agriculture minister radhamohansingh told reporters here.
moreover, farmers could now pay electricity bills in four installments in a year, if the amount is above rs 10,000, energy minister shrikant ram said.
sushil modi , who as finance minister of bihar during nda rule, had headed empowered committee on gst during upa rule, said the gst would do away with multiplicity of tax rates.
by ptiwashington: the maharashtra government is aspiring to make the state the first trillion-dollar economy by 2025, five years early, by investing in infrastructure, agriculture and services and by leveraging foreign investments in various sectors, chief minister devendrafadnavis has said.
hitting out at congress for raising the issue of change of rules 150 times on demonetisation, modi said the previous upa government had changed rules regarding mnrega 1035 times during its implementation over six years.
We would like to urge the other parties to do the same and prove their intentions against corruption, he said.
pm modi , while addressing the summit, said that indias has now introduced new economic reforms, including the historic gst, which most states are onboard with.
meanwhile, addressing mlas on the premises of the delhi assembly on the gst, chief economic advisor ram said he completely agreed on the principle of bringing liquor and land under the gst and all states should come together to make it happen.
if there is state funding of elections the use of black money will stop, mamatabanerjee said in her first address to the assembly after taking charge of the state for a second term.
during his africa visit, there were discussions on encouraging engagement, especially in the areas of agriculture, health, pharmaceuticals, ict, minerals and mining, diamond trading, railways and infrastructure and logistics, naidu said.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das also said a time limit for farmers to pay crop insurance premiums has been extended by 15 days.
Replying that the government cannot sit in every bank, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years.
pm modi invokes chaudhary charan singh to woo farmers in jatland bijnorin a bid to woo the farming community, prime minister modi said bjp will waive off loans of all small farmers once voted to power.
share this article related article government opposes jairam's plea against aadhaar bill as money billgovernment opposes jairam's plea against aadhaar bill as money bill the lpg puzzlethe lpg puzzle aadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie pointsaadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie points hope to pass gst, bankruptcy bill this session: arun jaitleyhope to pass gst, bankruptcy bill this session: arunjaitley aadhaar bill introduced in lok sabhaaadhaar bill introduced in lok sabha aadhaar gets statutory status; centre to bring bill in two dayswhile wrapping up the debate, arunjaitley said that except for some questions with regard to privacy and disclosure of information which have been raised, most speakers have actually supported the bill.
in case of rail transportation, the subsidy would be 50 paise per kg of potatoes and re one for a kg if it was shipped abroad, mamatabanerjee said adding these measures would help farmers to avoid distress sale.
stressing that rupay was bringing a revolutionary change in digital payments, modi said the card was also being used abroad and narrated how he used it to buy some items on his visit to singapore.
farmers who have taken loans of amount rs 5 lakhs will now have to pay only 2 per cent interest instead 12-15 per cent, manoharlalkhattar said.
contrary to what the badals are trying to project with their misleading propaganda, the fact is that capt amarindersingh has categorically said the debts of farmers in punjab will be waived off once he comes to power, the ppcc leaders said.
speaking at the annual general meeting of ficci last week, finance minister arunjaitley had said a delayed gst is better than a flawed gst.
after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8, 2016, chief minister nitish kumar was among the few none-bjp leaders who strongly supported it at the risk of angering anti-bjp forces.
siddaramaiah said that the government would increase the compensation from rs 1 lakh to rs 5 lakh to the families of farmers who committed suicide in the state.
hoping that goods and services tax (gst) will be introduced from july 1, jaitley said a consensus has been arrived at between the centre and states on most of the contentious issues in the gst council meeting.
we have been with the farmers and we were asking for it, environment minister ram said.
modi said up, tamil nadu maharashtra and other governments have submitted the list and their farmers are getting the benefits.
the 5  gst on readymade garments below rs 1,000 would benefit the public, being a mass consumption item, arunjaitley said.
Jaitley further said the collection figures with regard to income tax, excise tax and realisation of VAT by states, with the exception of two states, have gone up post demonetisation.
on the introduction of goods and services tax (gst), captain abhimanyu said almost all states had agreed on the issue after the union government had assured them that no state would have to bear any loss as result of the gst implementation.
39 pm: agriculture sector needs evergreen revolution sadakaal haritkaal, says pm modi.
modi to address farmers' rally in belagavi on february 27hubballi, feb 9, 2016, dhns: 3:11 iststate bjp president pralhad ram announced on monday that prime minister narendra modi would address a farmers convention to be held in belagavi on february 27.
clarifying on the assistance to be given to farmers affected from hailstorms and pink bollworm attack, fadnavis said the survey has been completed and actual disbursement is in process.
reiterating his commitment to waive farm loans, chief minister h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys on sunday said that he will not hesitate to resign in case he is unable to do so.
watch what else is making newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, jaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
earlier this month, just when the unrest has started, fadnavis had announced a rs 30,000-crore waiver for 40 lakh-odd small and marginal farmers whose loans were overdue.
modi said in the past four years at the centre and 13 years in madhya pradesh, the bjp had worked for the uplift and empowerment of poor, farmers and deprived sections of society.
chandigarh: punjab will disburse rs 209 crore as debt relief to 38,000 marginal farmers who are members of cooperative societies in the state in 10 days, said chief minister amarinder here on wednesday.
the monsoon has turned out to be little better than what was expected, therefore agriculture production may do better than what was originally expected, babu said.
in this context, arunjaitley said demonetisation has created a new normal replacing the old order of cash and parallel economy, which has been eliminated.
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear, Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system.
This makes it not only one of the most accurate, but soon to be the largest biometric system in the world," UIDAI Chairman Nandan Nilekani said in a statement here.
laying stress on setting up more ultra-modern centers of excellence for undertaking research and design (r&d) to promote agriculture diversification in the state, punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals on tuesday said that these were the 'temples of second green revolution' which were required for bailing out the farmers from the current agrarian crisis.
guwahati: prime minister modi on friday announced a food processing scheme, sampada to integrate current and new schemes aimed at reducing food wastage and doubling farmers income.
stating that both the centre and states are committed to ensuring that a taxpayer is assessed only once in the hands of one tax administration, shah said that the gst was conceived as a dual structure and the government does not want to convert that into "duel" assessment".
launching a stinging attack on the opposition party over corruption at an election rally in sundernagar, modi said the congress campaign against demonetisation was driven by its attempts to mislead the people and create an atmosphere against him before he can raise a storm over benami assets.
on the eve of the first anniversary of the november 8 demonetisation of 500- and 1000-rupee notes that wiped out 86 per cent of the currency in circulation then, arunjaitley said the government has met its objective of reducing cash in the economy, ending anonymity of cash, bringing in more individuals in the tax net and dealing a body blow to black money.
meanwhile, chief minister siddaramaiah on friday said there was no need to convene the special session of the legislature as the president has already given his assent to the gst constitutional amendment bill.
coke heeds to pm's call,to launch fizzy drink with fruit juicenew delhi, feb 11, 2016, (pti): 14:48 istbeverages giant coca-cola is set to launch a new 'juice with fizz' drink, more than a year after prime minister narendramodi had asked the multinational cola giants to add fruit juices to their drinks to help indian farmers increase sales.
finance minister arun jaitley has said his government will analyse and address rural india's issues, even going to the extent of saying that spending on rural india and agriculture is not populism.
mumbai: hdfc chairman deepak on friday said the goods and services tax (gst) regime can push up the country's growth by as much as 150-200 basis points (bps).
while pitching in for a deeper india-africa partnership on clean energy, sustainable habitats, public transport and climate resilient agriculture, modi said it is also true that the excess of few cannot become the burden of many.
yogi yogiadityanath (source: file photo) yogiadityanath (source: file photo)uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath has said that exploitation of farmers will not be tolerated, and officials, who ignore their interests, will not be spared.
in his 42-minute intervention, modi said the gst regime would compel traders to give proper bills to consumers and help fight corruption and black money.
also, an individual seeking another aadhaar number on the same biometric details is sure to be caught by the uidai as biometrics are unique to a person.
siddaramaiah further said compensation would be distributed to the kin of the deceased farmers.
modi told the lok sabha that the problems of the farmers were old, widespread and deep-rooted.
modi said before claiming the reason was his fight against black money.
new delhi: issuing a veiled warning, finance minister arunjaitley today said one cannot convert black money into white by merely depositing unaccounted cash in bank accounts as taxes are required to be paid on them.
chandigarh: haryana cm manoharlalkhattar on friday announced that compensation of rs 12,000 per acre would be given to those farmers whose crop has been damaged due to water logging and said that it has also been decided to give compensation of rs 6000 per acre to those farmers who were unable to sow their crop due to the water logging.
van dhan (forest-based economy, jan dhan (financial empowerment of the poor), and jal dhan (water conservation to power irrigation of agriculture) could be ethical, economical and an ecological mean of making india a nation to reckon with by 2022 on the world stage, gadkari quoted modi having told the conclave.
finance minister arunjaitley , however, said that gst compliance will be further simplified to increase the tax base.
terming gst as the most historic reform in india, modi said it will be implemented from next month in an apparent reference to the scheduled date of july 1.
hyderabad: ma&ud minister kt ram said on saturday that people of andhra pradesh were so impressed with the farmer-friendly measures implemented by chief minister k chandrasekhar rao that the telangana rashtra samithi (trs) may branch out to ap.
it will also help farmers earn more, modi said.
prime minister narendramodi who held series of meeting with chief ministers of several states on drought and crop loss issue recently, also said the government will come out with a scheme to address the perennial drought-prone areas.
emphasising the importance of increasing farm productivity, modi said there was a need to use modern technique in agriculture because farm land was shrinking with the rising population.
with regard to composition scheme for service providers, modi said (rs) 50 lakh turnover & 6  tax rate for service providers in a new compostion scheme in gst.
hailing the farmers for record production, particularly production of pulses, modi said he wants to thank the farmers for keeping the poor in mind and adopting cultivation of various pulses, besides the traditional crops because pulses are the biggest source of protein for poor people.
clarifying that economic legislation is not about bjp versus all, arunjaitley said it would be very good if the constitutional amendment bill to roll out gst is passed by consensus.
mohan said the government is eyeing world-class implementation of gst".
reacting to congress claim that note ban brought hardship to the farmers, arunjaitley said the opposition should stop bringing in farmers on every issue.
the common men suffered for 70 years on account of black money, corruption and terrorism, modi said.
it's not possible to release tamil nadu's share as per the award as our (karnataka's) farmers very much need water during this four-month period, ram said in the assembly, briefing the members on the deliberations.
but he said the aadhaar platform lent itself to numerous other possibilities - including as an electronic kyc (know your customer) and to transfer money between two people.
ashok dalwai, deputy director of the uidai regional office, bangalore, said uidai, in a bid to reduce processing time, had enhanced the capacity of the central identification repository to process 10 lakh packets per day from the current five lakh.
we will form government in uttar pradesh, will waive loans of small farmers, modi said.
dev rajpatna: chief minister nitishkumar on wednesday said the government had decided to implement the bihar rajya fasal sahayata yojna to protect farmers against the vagaries of nature as they were not benefiting from the centre's crop insurance scheme.
Notes hoarded by anti-nationals will be worthless Notes hoarded by anti-nationals will be worthlessMaking one of his boldest moves since assuming power, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Tuesday announced that Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes will be withdrawn from circulation at midnight, saying this decision was taken to break the grip of corruption and black money.
(source: ap photo)saving farmers is the priority of his government, karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy said today, as he promised to honour his commitment to waive farm loans within 15 days and insisted there was no going back on it.
speaking on hardships faced by the people in wake of demonetisation, modi said: many people in this country are uneducated, but we should be proud that they are ready to suffer problems to help the country get rid of corruption.
puducherry lt governor kiranbedi on sunday said economic development of a country largely depends on the progress of its agriculture, industry, trade and service sector.
fadnavis said the results are an ample indication that people have accepted prime minister narendra modi's note ban move and the state government's transparency plank.
according to sources, gandhi told the members that the party should play the role of a constructive opposition and should not be seen as against the gst legislations.
b.t. manohar, chairman, state taxes committee, fkcci, says: gst will certainly bring down prices and check inflation.
finance minister arunjaitley said on wednesday he is hopeful of rolling out the biggest tax reform gst from july 1 that will make goods and services cheaper and tax evasion difficult.
to ensure farmers get credit at lower rate, the chief minister said that the government should raise the subsidy from 2 per cent to 3 per cent on crop loans for cooperatives.
read: gst will reflect spirit of one nation, one aspiration: top 10 points from pm modis niti aayog meethere are the highlights:6:22 pm: use of technologies such as bhim, aadhaar would result in significant savings for states, says pm modi6:18 pm: states should use govt e-marketplace to reduce corruption, increase transparency in govt procurement: pm modi6:10 pm: pm modi asks states, local govts, ngos to decide goals for 2022 and work in mission mode to achieve them.
reiterating the decision to hike milk procurement price for farmers by re 1 from existing rs 4 to rs 5 per litre of milk, siddaramaiah said the new price will come into effect from december 10.
additional district magistrate ajaykumar said, we have already written to the insurance company to disburse the actual crop insurance money to the farmers.
Stating that the previous UPA regime has left behind a legacy of of policy paralysis, indecisiveness and no-doing approach, Jaitley said the Prime Minister had taken a very courageous decision as he wanted to transform India.
(source: pti photo)exhorting farmers to adopt modern technology, prime minister narendramodi on monday said his government has decided to double their income by 2022 when india would celebrate 75 years of independence.
almost all member states are opposed to the niti aayogs proposal to completely remove agriculture commodities from the essential commodities act, however, many are in favour of relaxation in stock restrictions for agriculture goods, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday.
promising a new nation in a new year and a clean-up of what he called the 70-year-old slush pile of black money, prime minister narendramodi told his party mps tuesday that the decision to demonetise notes of higher denomination was to help the poor.
patna: india and china can benefit and learn more from exchange in the fields of education, tourism, industry, agriculture and infrastructure technology, chief minister nitishkumar on thursday said while welcoming a 12-member chinese delegation led by communist party of china secretary of gansu province lu hao.
(representational image) the drive for digital payment channels and financial inclusion will ensure direct benefit transfers to indians and will bring them in formal financial system, naidu said.
In response, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that there is no shortage of funds as Rs 100 notes are in circulation and the ATMs needed to be re-calibrated to issue new currency notes of Rs 500 and Rs 2,000.
as of now, 14 banks have come on board for aadhaar pay and the service will be launched soon, prasad said told reporters.
modi said: i want you to work to ensure that each account holder enrols for aadhaar and seeds it in the bank account.
new delhi, aug 15, 2015, (pti): 10:31 istcommitting to carry forward the fight against black money, prime minister narendramodi today said rs 6,500 crore of undisclosed foreign assets have been declared under the compliance window of the new law and the drive would continue despite its 'side effects'.
piloting the bill, karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah said the state has always been at the forefront of issues like implementing tax reforms, including vat.
chairing a district-level drought review meeting here on tuesday, ram asked the officials to work on a war footing to ensure proper drinking water supply, availability of fodder, increased number of man days under mgnreg scheme and proper healthcare in affected areas.
during the debate, chief minister vasundhararaje said rajasthan is a consumer state and the common man stands to benefit from the gst, which will provide relief from price rise.
protecting the interest of the farmers, their right to fair compensation, rehabilitation, resettlement and financial compensation has been refined, pranabmukherjee told the joint sitting of parliament on the opening day of the budget session.
there would be enough safeguards to the constitution of jammu & kashmir, drabu said in his reply on the second day of the gst in the state assembly.
Das said the government is keeping a close watch on deposits in Jan Dhan account as in many cases such account are being misused for parking black money".
making a suo moto statement today in lok sabha on the trade pact clinched at the wto meeting at geneva last night, commerce minister nirmalasitharaman said besides accepting its concerns on public stockholding, the deal by the 160-member body allows india to continue with its policy to provide minimum support price to farmers.
stressing that all the political parties opposed to each other were together on the issue of corruption, modi said both mayawati and mulayam singh yadav had never been one of any issue but both were angry with him on his note ban decision.
by aninew delhi: the government is in favour of bringing construction related material in the 5 per cent slab of gst, prime minister modi said on tuesday, while informing that changes in the tax structure will continue as there is scope for improvement.
in his budget speech on wednesday, arunjaitley said the move was based on a proposal made by a special investigation team (sit) on black money.
speaking to express, park said, there is a myth, just like the myth post demonetisation that prices would fall, that there is no demand for real estate.
state bjp president pralhad ram said a delegation of party mps would meet chief minister ram in new delhi on tuesday to discuss the issue of compensation to farmers.
at a meeting in nilanga village, where the cm addressed officials, ministers and local politicians, fadnavis said the government was banking heavily on jalyukt shivar yojana as it will ensure that every farmer in a village gets enough water to cultivate crop and villagers get sufficient stock of water.
yesterday, punjab chief minister park had said that he would denotify the land acquired for the sutlej-yamuna link (syl) canal and return it to farmers.
the banks have not bothered to inform farmers about the amount credited to their accounts as part of the waiver benefits, fadnavis said during the meeting of the state level bankers committee (slbc), which represents all types of banks, at sahyadri guesthouse in mumbai.
speaking at the inauguration of the direct benefit transfer (dbt) scheme in lpg subsidy, uidai chairman nandan nilekani said on saturday that the state government and the authority would launch a massive enrolment drive in the next few months.
punjab congress chief captain amarinder singh on sunday asked prime minister narendra modi to waive farmers loans if he was serious about alleviating their woes following his demonetisation move.
commerce minister nirmalasitharaman on saturday said the goods and services tax (gst) will help improve indias export growth.
farmers in karnataka have hugely benefited from the scheme, says pm.
in his keynote address, c ram , president, indian society of agricultural economics and former vice-chancellor of agricultural university, coimbatore said the government could establish an agricultural marketing council, comprising both public and private stakeholders to monitor, investigate, analyse and advise market interventions.
shiv sena chief, uddhav thackeray, also said that the state government should follow in the footsteps of the up government and waive off the farmer loans.
watch video: people que up at banks to exchange rs 500 & rs 1000 notes: heres what they saidon whether the demonetisation of rs 500/1000 notes will help weed out black money, jaitley said this is not an isolated initiative and the decision has to be seen in the backdrop of various steps being taken including gst roll out.
about 33 lakh farmers have obtained farm loans worth rs 42,000cr from nationalised banks and 23 lakh farmers have drawn loans worth rs10,500cr through co-operative banks in the state, siddaramaiah said.
with the maharashtra government set to expand the scope of its farm loan waiver scheme ahead of the state polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis told that the legislative assembly thursday that this could cost the state exchequer an additional rs 8,000 crore.
responding to clarifications from members, siddaramaiah said the government will constitute an agriculture price commission soon and come to the rescue of arecanut, coconut, coffee and cotton growers in distress.
the need for this (aadhar) and the utility for this has been universally recognised across states, says arun jaitley, union finance minister.
prime minister modi has said that steps will be taken to double the incomes of farmers in five years.
when prime minister modi announced demonetisation, he had said the new year would see new india.
new delhi: sounding bullish on the state of economy, union home minister rajnathsingh today said the centre was hopeful of crossing the hurdles in rolling out gst from april 1 next year.
Dalwai said the second phase of Aadhaar enrolments would be more stringent and foolproof, both at the enrolment level and data uploading level.
new delhi, aug 15, 2015, (pti): 10:31 istcommitting to carry forward the fight against black money, prime minister modi today said rs 6,500 crore of undisclosed foreign assets have been declared under the compliance window of the new law and the drive would continue despite its 'side effects'.
earlier in the day, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said it was noticed that the same people were coming back again and again to exchange notes, causing the long queues and creating hassles for genuine people to get their cash.
sanjeev kumar vermasushil kumar modipatna: deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi on monday said weeding out middlemen from government schemes, ending dependence on kerosene lamps and enhancing farmers' income would be the three main achievements of the government in 2018.
(source: pti)despite the ongoing tension at the indo-pak border, the farmers in the states border-belt with pakistan would be allowed to harvest their produce at every cost, punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal said on sunday.
there cannot be any justification to financial institutions turning down loans to farmers on the pretext of non-recovery or outstanding debt, fadnavis said.
however, ram earlier told representatives of various farmers organisations that the online system had been working effectively and helped lakhs of farmers get judicious price for their produce at apmcs.
speaking at a seminar organised by assocham, lavasa said aadhaar has brought efficiency in public spending and removed corruption.
expressing gratitude to the people, modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment, 'digidhan' movement, pm said that it is a brave act against corruption and black money.
(source: ani_news/twitter)former finance minister p ram on wednesday said the gdp of india would take a hit of at least one per cent if not two owing to the demonetisation move by prime minister narendra modi.
pti photo/pibprime minister narendramodi on sunday said that the consensus on the goods and services tax (gst) would go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism, while crediting state chief ministers for keeping aside political and ideological differences to arrive at a common ground.
however, keeping the drought in view, ram has asked officials to transfer money even to farmers who have not linked their account to aadhaar till april 30.
praising madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, prime minister modi said, cm @chouhanshivraj, who has revolutionised agriculture sector in mp, will share a presentation on the roadmap to double income of farmers.
we have introduced the gst bill in parliament; we are hopeful to roll it out in 2016, modi said at the indo-german summit here, sharing the dais with german chancellor angela merkel.
however, there will not be any problem with regard to atms functioning, ram told reporters.
fadnavis, who himself toured a few villages and interacted with farmers, told the indian express that the government has gone all out to initiate a slew of measures to alleviate the miseries of the villagers and farmers in eight districts of marathwada.
Have been trying to analyse reasons for long queues,it has come to notice that same people are coming again at same place, Das said.
fuel prices will come down once the centre builds a consensus to bring petrol and diesel under the goods and services tax (gst), maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said today.
addressing cii-kotak investors' round table here, arunjaitley said that the gst council, headed by him and comprising representatives of all states, will in the next few days finalise the rates of tax for different goods and services and the country is on track to roll out the simplified indirect tax regime fromjuly 1.
new delhi: president pranabmukherjee on sunday said that the aadhar card initiative is a watershed event in the development of the country.
the gst council has flexibility to do so and will do so i am sure," shah said at an assocham event.
at the meeting, fadnavis said he has asked agriculture universities in the state to prepare a earn while you learn stipend scheme for students to carry out field work.
finance minister arunjaitley said the capping of cess was done at a higher rate only to give the goods and services tax council more headroom in the future if there was a need to increase them.
jind: chief minister manoharlalkhattar today said land in the state will not be acquired without the consent of farmers and rates prescribed for acquisition will be paid to them without any delay.
unabated crisis over the decades* farmers suicides from 1995 to 2011: 53,818* farmers suicides from 2009 to 2014: 3,000 annually on an average (according to the national crime records bureau)* according to the state statistics, the figure from 2001 to 2014 is much less, at 17,645 deaths, or an average of 1,260 farmers annually# why the change in approach* while so far, successive governments in the state have focussed on large-scale schemes for entire regions and announcing of compensation packages after natural disasters, the new policy is trying to zero in on specific families* the decision for the change was taken after 11 bureaucrats went to visit villages in yavatmal in vidarbha and osmanabad in marathwada, two of the worst-affected rural regions in the state* the officials met families of farmers who had committed suicides, and also spoke to local administration officials to gauge the reasons behind the deaths* the state is looking at including farm labourers and marginal farmers in its net* these groups normally fall off the compensation net as they dont own land or may not have papers to show their debts* chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier asked the state administration to prepare a policy to tackle farmers suicides, which led to this exercise.
4: prime minister manmohansingh today asked states to waive local taxes, including octroi, as well as reform the outdated agriculture produce marketing committee act, or mandi act, to help control a runaway food inflation.
BJP's victory in bypolls is a clear indication that people are fully supporting the decision to demonetise Rs 1,000 and Rs 500 notes.
federation of indian art silk weaving industry (fiaswi) chairman gandhi said, the industry is getting assurances since the day gst was rolled out.
in the same year, nearly a month after prime minister modi announced the decision to scrap old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, it was reported that a record number of 564 maoists surrendered in the last 28 days.
modi said that day was not far when reputed universities of the world will come to india to conduct case studies on the bhim-aadhaar app.
the broad view was that gst will be largely non-inflationary and is a medium-term structural reform, jain said.
later in the day, ending his road show in the old city, rahul told a gathering that economists have told him that the schemes like mgnrega and loan waiver had helped the overall economy of the country and not just the farmers.
the separate state is not for the rich, it was for the poor farmers and the students who were subjugated by andhra rulers, tjac chief prof ram said.
observing that the agriculture sector would do better than expected, babu said, the monsoon has been better and the manufacturing growth will pick up in the second half of the year.
pushing for digital economy, modi asked the youngsters at the rally to download the bhim app and contribute to a cashless economy.
chidambaram also said the government was mulling incorporating aadhar numbers in the future resident identity cards of the national population register(npr),which falls under the home ministry.
i&b minister m naidu told reporters that modi explained to nda leaders the importance of the gst bill and the need to pass it.
in a bid for smooth transition to the new tax regime, ram announced the constitution of gst consultation committee in the commercial taxes department that would have representatives from all the important stakeholders.
He pointed out that the issue of his alleged foreign assets was first raised by Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he (the PPCC president) was pitched against BJP's Arun Jaitley in Amritsar during the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.
punjab chief minister park (file photo)punjab chief minister park on monday announced a grant of rs 10 crore as compensation to farmers whose cotton crops were extensively damaged due to the whitefly menace.
instead, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced a new incentive scheme in which a farmer gets 10  subsidy on the principal amount while repaying the loan.
nilekani, an ex-it czar, said rural job and pension schemes along with public distribution system can be linked to aadhar numbers.
gandhi said, if farmers are in distress, waiver is the immediate step that needs to be taken.
i live for the farmers, modi said as he appealed to the agriculture community to make ample use of the crop insurance scheme as it will help them during the time of crisis.
giving details of impact of demonetisation, arunjaitley said the number of income tax return filers has gone up to 6.
in a facebook post on the second anniversary of demonetisation, arunjaitley said in first four years of the national democratic alliance (nda) government, the number of income tax returns filers has gone up to 6.
at the states annual kharif review meeting held on friday, chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the government would prioritise agriculture, water conservation and finance and was planning to consolidate the agriculture (and allied sector) growth from 12.
modi said the budget had focussed on womens empowerment, the housing sector and agriculture.
justifying demonetisation, arunjaitley said it will act as a disincentive towards continuing to deal with shadow economy, and integration of informal with formal economy will increase the size of the gdp and make it cleaner.
terming his government as pro-farmer and pro-poor, modi said: we are a committed government.
modi wants rbi to prepare 20-yr road map for fin inclusionmumbai, apr 2, 2015, (pti) 13:41 istprime minister modi today asked the reserve bank to prepare a 20-year road map for financial inclusion and nudged banks to be considerate in giving loans to the poor as also while making recoveries from them, especially farmers.
we have been able to achieve this speed and scale due to our multiple registrar model, as well as scalable technical architecture, uidai chairman nandan nilekani said.
mr. das said the bold and decisive step to fight black money and the use of fake currency notes to finance terrorism was backed by analysis of indias currency trends.
yesterday, punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal had said that he would denotify the land acquired for the sutlej-yamuna link (syl) canal and return it to farmers.
b'gujarat chief minister vijayrupani (file photo) gujarat chief minister vijayrupani (file photo)gujarat chief minister vijayrupani on friday said that the state government was helping mitigate losses by purchasing their commodities at minimum support price (msp) but added that he wants farmers to upscale their production further and earn dollars by exporting their produce.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the schemes are oriented to make farmers self-reliant and double their income.
because, if a farmer joins the scheme, he will get a huge help during a natural calamity, modi said.
addressing a rally in ambikapur in chhattisgarh ahead of the second phase of voting on november 20, modi claimed people did not have issues with demonetisation, but only a family.
later, talking to media persons, amarindersingh said the state government will compensate the farmers if the centre does not meet their demand for withdrawal of value cut on the minimum support price (msp) in the procurement of wheat due to damage to crops by unseasonal rain.
prime minister narendramodi and the government had earlier claimed that demonetisation will put an end to black money, fake currency and terrorism.
aam aadmi party trade wing convener brijesh goyal said the workshop was very important as it would facilitate a smooth transition to gst.
continuing the attack on congress at another rally, raje said, gandhi says that we have not waived off loans of any farmer, but in reality we have done so for 30 lakh farmers for upto rs 50k.
commending the bill for consideration and passage, arunjaitley said: gst is going to lead to a win-win situation as far as the centre and the states are concerned.
it was at the cms initiative that i had accepted the post of chairman of the empowered committee of state fms (2011-13), which spearheaded the implementation of gst, said bjp leader sushil kumar modi.
noting that agriculture development is the top priority for mozambique, modi said india would be partnering this endeavour through development of agricultural infrastructure and productivity in this country.
last month, prime minister modi had said 37,000 shell companies indulging in tax evasion had been detected and more than three lakh firms were under the scanner for suspicious dealings, post demonetisation.
commerce secretary rita teaotia said the two main export promotion schemes - merchandise exports from india scheme (meis) and services exports from india scheme (seis) - will continue post gst implementation but would be aligned with the new indirect tax regime.
neeraj jain,conveynor,lokayat,pune,said contract farming is paving way for the government to pull out of its traditional role and give way to corporatisation of agriculture.
i hope the message would reach those who make such considerations, modi said in an apparent reference to the congresss negotiating team with the government on gst that comprised the rajya sabha members.
Replying that the government cannot sit in every bank, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years.
about the steps taken by government to protect farmers like setting up of enforcement cells at district level to keep a check on private money lenders and repayment of dues to sugarcane farmers, ram said government is planning to constitute an expert committee.
Dharwad: "Aadhaar is not only a foundation of unique identification of residents of India, but also the sheet anchor for all the services and facilities, a resident of India is entitled to get from the government said deputy director general 'Aadhaar' UIDAI regional office (Bangalore) Ashok Dalwai.
expressing thanks to all the members, nitishkumar said bihar has been in favour of gst from the beginning.
further explaining his stand against demonetisation, the former union minister said, 80 per cent transactions in germany and austria is cash-based, in australia it is 60 per cent, canada 56 per cent and us 46 per cent, and prime minister modi says india will go 100 per cent cashless.
The government has also formed a team of seven joint secretaries to monitor the supply of currency.
we will waive off loans of farmers but at an appropriate time and will also take centres help for the same, fadnavis told reporters after the cabinet meeting.
we spend a lot of money to import lentils and (edible) oils and we must resolve to raise production so that we become self-sufficient in the next 10 years, modi said after launching a tv channel for farmers.
after prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8, 2016, chief minister nitish kumar was among the few none-bjp leaders who strongly supported it at the risk of angering anti-bjp forces.
quota for farmers' children in agri varsitymysore, feb 24, 2014, dhns: 0:39 istchief minister siddaramaiah on monday announced that 40 per cent of seats in agricultural universities in the state will be reserved for farmers children.
naidu asked the congress to behave in a more mature and responsible manner to help restore normalcy in the hotbed of the farmers protest, instead of fanning sentiments.
modi said that the gst reflected the spirit of one nation, one aspiration, one determination.
the congress vice president said he will force the bjp-led nda government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers.
press trust of india, new delhi, jun 1 2017, 19:02 istthe animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders, arunjaitley said, adding that 'this is the only effect of the notification.
(source: ani photo) rajnathsingh on thursday said the centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers and the common man.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath at gorakhpurs uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath at gorakhpursthe uttar pradesh government will award contracts through e-tendering to remove mafia and criminal elements , chief minister yogiadityanath said today as he pitched for digital payments to eliminate corruption.
However, the Prime Minister has redefined the old normal in India where black money, corruption and cash flow in elections was considered normal, Jaitley said, adding most activities earlier followed the practice of so much in cash and so much in cheque.
speaking at a rally after participating in a padayatra with rahul from maidur to gudagur in ranebennur taluk on saturday, chief minister siddaramaiah said the compensation to families of farmers who have committed suicide will be increased from rs 2 lakh to rs 5 lakh.
at uidai, we are very strict on the privacy issue.
Replying that the government cannot sit in every bank, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years.
state failed to utilise grants from centre, say bjp leaderstarikere, oct 05, 2015, dhns 23:48 iststate bjp president pralhad ram said the yediyurappa government had sanctioned upto rs 2 lakh interest-free loans for farmers and the ram government has just raised the limit to rs 3 lakh and there is no question of interest here.
(pti) presenting an early budget will have certain advantages and the move is part of prime minister modi modi's economic reforms after demonetisation, bjp leader modi said today.
he said it is because he is in a coalition government, but he wouldn't go back on his promise of completely waiving all the loans, said kodihalli chandrashekhar, the chief of krrs, a farmers' body.
purnendu bera of nandigrams gokulnagar village said: on the very first day after taking oath as chief minister, mamatabanerjee had announced that the land taken from unwilling farmers in singur would be returned.
the dasara fest is special this year as it is being held after rain gods blessed the state with bountiful rains during the monsoon to ensure a bumper harvest to farmers and prosperity to the 60 million people of karnataka, siddaramaiah told reporters on the occasion.
i have launched an initiative to double farmers' incomes by 2022, said pm modi.
unfazed by the blockage of the gst bill in the rajya sabha by congress in the recently concluded parliament session that ended on a bitter note over the lalit modi issue, naidu said government was keen to implement the revolutionary and most progressive gst tax proposal from april 1, 2016.
farmers' income should double in six years: modibhubaneswar, feb 22, 2016, dhns: 0:42 istthe nda government at the centre wants to double the income of the farmers in the next six years and steps are being taken to see the target is achieved, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday.
bhubaneswar: union finance minister arun jaitley on thursday said prime minister narendra modi has created a 'new normal' for the country's economy by breaking all the stereotypes of the past through his demonetisation move.
chief minister ram said 80  of farmers had availed loans from commercial banks which come under the jurisdiction of the centre.
(pti)new delhi: prime minister modi today said the consensus on goods and services tax (gst) reflects the spirit of 'one nation, one aspiration, one determination'.
defending demonetisation, modi said the governments fight against corruption is not political.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday asked district officials in drought-hit parbhani district in the marathwada region to set up cattle camps and deploy more water tankers.
quota for farmers' children in agri varsitymysore, feb 24, 2014, dhns: 0:39 istchief minister ram on monday announced that 40 per cent of seats in agricultural universities in the state will be reserved for farmers children.
talking about ways to propagate about government schemes like crop insurance, arunjaitley said government should not leave any form of media as cost is limited and unlimited advantages like wide reach.
it is for agro product value addition, modi said after laying the foundation stone of an agriculture research institute in northern assams gogamukh.
pwc india leader (indirect tax) pratik jain said, "it is encouraging to see that within four days of the assent of the constitution amendment bill by the president, the government has approved the setting up of the gst council and the first meeting of the council is to be held within 10 days of the cabinet approval".
stop bringing in farmers on the issue of black money, farmers money is white and there is no tax on their money, said arunjaitley in lok sabha during the discussion on the specified bank notes (cessation of liabilities) bill, 2017.
the ruling bjp does seem to have realized that climate change and droughts are a growing concern, and prime minister modi announced a separate ministry for water called jal shakti.
commerce minister ram said in chennai she was very optimistic of the passage of the gst while environment minister prakash javadekar said it will be definitely passed because government enjoyed a majority in rajya sabha.
i will humbly ask the cm ashok gehlot to provide the required information in the interest of farmers, said modi.
in an interview for a tv news channel, modi said people voted on demonetisation during the 2017 assembly election in uttar pradesh and on gst in the 2018 assembly election in gujarat.
bathinda deputy commissioner ghanshyamthori , who convened a meeting of senior officials of departments concerned, said whitefly-friendly weed would be destroyed under technical guidance from the agriculture department before march 11.
earlier, uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath had announced crop loan write-offs of not more than rs 1 lakh, costing the exchequer almost rs 36,000 crore.
quelling fears over security of digital transactions,babu said that the sbi had left no stone unturned to ensure that the data of the users were not compromised.
melbourne: aadhaar project is an example of using modern technology to leapfrog for future development and transformation of a country, uidai chairman nandan nilekani has said.
new delhi, june 11: prime minister narendramodi today said improving agriculture productivity through modern farm techniques and university-farmer collaboration held the key to check price rise.
in the absence of the comprehensive goods and services tax (gst), if the duty sops are removed, auto component makers will face margin pressures as they will not be able to hike prices on export products, ram said.
gandhi said his party had promised loan waiver for farmers during polls in punjab and karnataka and kept its word after coming to power in the two states.
we plan to increase the language versions in the future, so that residents who have access to the internet are able to view important information in a language that they are comfortable with, said nandan nilekani, chairman uidai while launching the multilingual website from uidai tech centre, bengaluru.
on the second day of the summit here, modi said: fighting corruption, black money and tax evasion were central to effective financial governance.
modi also said that soil health cards were given to 14 crore farmers in the country, including 1.
a day before, on tuesday, modi while speaking at lok sabha (the lower house) said that the note-ban was possible because the countrys economy was in good shape.
these must be challenging times for the congress wont to using black money during elections, punjab deputy chief minister sukhbir singh badal told et magazine.
the injustice done to the farmers will be revealed by the investigation, manoharlalkhattar said during the ongoing budget session of the vidhan sabha.
b'five days after a congress delegation led by aicc general secretary rahul gandhi met the prime minister demanding loan waiver for weavers,union finance minister pranabmukherjee announced a rs 3,000 crore allocation for the weavers cooperative societies on monday.
it is looking for banks far and wide, modi said in an apparent swipe at thw bsp, which has come under scanner for alleged huge bank deposits post demonetisation.
chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on monday claimed that nearly rs 30,000 crore reached farmers bank accounts in the last one year.
lets resolve that by 2022 we will no longer have to import pulses i have been telling our universities our agricultural universities should take up each variety of pulses how to do research in it, how to do genetic engineering in it, how to increase productivity, how to increase protein content so that farmers get good prices, modi said.
chief minister h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys said the government has extended duration of the scheme for the benefit of the farming community.
defending the centres decision, prime minister modi on friday said the demonetisation move had empowered the common man in the fight against black money, while taking a swing at the opposition and critics saying they were flustered as they were caught off guard.
ahead of the assembly elections due next month, chief minister manoharlalkhattar on monday announced waiving interest and penalty on crop loans of farmers from cooperative banks  to the tune of rs 4,750 crore  under the one-time settlement scheme.
after a survey of crop loss and amid mounting criticism from the congress and resentment shown by the farmers, chief minister park announced a rs 600 crore relief for cotton growers.
watch video | pm modi modis scathing attack at congress in lok sabha: heres what he saiddefending his november 8 decision to demonetise rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes, modi said the step was to empower the honest.
we may not be in power at the centre or in the state, but we will launch an agitation to force the government to concede to our demand of waiving farmers loans, rahul said, while addressing farmers in kushinagar and gorakhpur districts.
Stating that replacement of around 86 per cent of old currency notes was bound to be a gigantic task involving time and difficulties, the Finance Minister said despite all these, honest people in the country now felt that honesty was finally beneficial.
mumbai: since the demonetisation of high currency notes terror funding has come down to zero and there hasn't been stone-pelting on security forces, defence minister manoharparrikar said here today.
we are going to waive farm loans, gandhi told the media here asserting that his party would fulfil the promise of waving loans of farmers in all the three states within 10 days of coming to power.
prime minister narendramodi announced the scrapping of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, 2016, with an aim to weed out black money, counterfeit currency and terror funding.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
citing a book, modi told bjp mps that when then finance minister y b chavan went to prime minister indira gandhi and supported the recommendations on demonetisation, she had asked if the congress did not have to fight elections.
in an indirect but obvious reference to nehru, babu said the leader who wore a rose knew about gardens but not farmers or farming.
modi said that the pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana would offer credit cards, which could be used to offset any crisis and eventually help in preventing suicides among farmers and other poor sections.
dubai, nov 16, 2015 (pti) 19:08 istfinance minister arunjaitley today said the government would make all efforts to persuade the opposition for the passage of constitution amendment bill for implementation of gst in the winter session.
vijayawada: chief minister n chandrababu ram said on sunday that drone technology will be used in tourism, agriculture, mines, forests, irrigation projects, maintenance of law and order and municipal administration for real-time governance.
demonetisation, doubtless one of the most significant decisions of independent india that shook the entire nation, was there merely as a passing reference although prime minister narendramodi had claimed india would emerge like gold after the ordeal of the first 50 days.
at the recent global conference on cyberspace, prime minister narendramodi said, i am sure most of you are already aware of aadhaar, which is the unique biometric identity of a personthrough better targeting of subsidies, the jam (jan dhan-aadhaar-mobile) trinity has prevented leakages to the tune of nearly $10 billion so far.
according to the police, on november 8 when prime minister modi announced the ban on rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, neel sunder had prepared fake bills worth rs 28 crore which was accumulated from his other associates in the guise of converting black money for 30 percent commission.
karnataka milk federation (kmf) director, who looks into co-operative societies, dr babu said the societies started putting money directly to the farmers/producers account after demonetisation move.
meanwhile, fadnavis also said that the state would pay the power bills due from gram panchayats.
chief minister devendra fadnavis said the decision was historic as the farmers who could not benefit from the loan waiver given by the previous government in 2008-09 have been incorporated in the waiver announced by the present government.
on november 8, 2016, prime minister modi announced the withdrawal of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes to flush out high-denomination fake currency, mostly printed in pakistan.
there are incentives for farmers who repaid loans in time.
(file photo)as farmers in some parts of maharashtra on thursday went on a strike, chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government was trying to resolve the issue through talks but the opposition congress and ncp were instigating them for political gains.
may these festivals bring abundance of happiness and prosperity in the lives of our hardworking farmers, modi said.
making a strong outreach to the crisis-ridden farming community, modi said the kisan channel is aimed at helping drive farm income by supplying key information, such as weather, market and demand.
when american president barack obama fought his first election (2008), he had taken only small donations through digital payments, arunjaitley said.
prasad said, the higher the linkages with the aadhaar number, the more we have in terms of seamless digital transactions.
siddaramaiah also said that the four cabinet sub committees on drought will tour the drought-hit areas to review relief works.
finance minister arunjaitley told reporters after the meeting that the gst exemption limit for the northeastern states is being doubled to rs 20 lakh.
drabu said while there were no exemptions under the gst, the businesses in jammu and kashmir and northeast will continue to enjoy these benefits in the shape of reimbursements.
in the next brihanmumbai municipal corporation elections, nobody will be left with power to bribe voters, manoharparrikar said, without naming the ally shiv sena which has been critical of demonetisation.
speaking to reporters at dharmasthala, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said that though his party did not get the mandate from the voters, he would announce plans for farmers after the swearing-in.
unique identification authority of india (uidai), the nodal body responsible for rolling out the aadhaar programme in the country, has also come out in favour of incentives for shopkeepers using the biometric mode for digital transactions, in line with commission given by banks to business correspondents, in a bid to promote aadhaar-based payment system in rural pockets.
mumbai: the state has decided to stay recovery of power bills run up by farmers given their current hardships, chief minister devendra fadnavis told the assembly on thursday.
similarly, rs 35,984 crore have been allocated to agriculture, while rs 9 lakh crore earmarked for crop loans this year, naidu said.
we have to mount pressure on the government to ensure justice to farmers, naidu told tdp lawmakers at a meeting at his residence.
we will fix the msp of crops incorporating 50  profit in farmers cost of production including seed, irrigation, manure, and labour, modi had said at a rally in pathankot on april 25, 2014.
nilekani said the aadhaar cards, already distributed among 60 crore people, will touch the 100 crore mark by the end of 2015.
In the wake of new currency noted of a higher denomination of Rs 2,000 being introduced, such a cap on cash transactions would ensure that it does not become easy for hoarders to stack illicit savings in the higher denomination notes.
bank mitras need to be enabled to carry out rupay card and aadhaar enabled transactions in villages itself, the pm said.
which is why farmers are our priority, says rahul gandhi.
district president of bhartiya kisan union (bku), digambar singh, said, chief minister yogiadityanath had announced that 18 hours of power will be supplied in rural area and 24 hours in district headquarters.
aadhaar as the foundation of electronic transfer of benefits to beneficiaries of various social sector schemes should yield significant benefits, said nandan nilekani, chairman, uidai, addressing a press conference in new delhi on friday.
chief minister parkashsinghbadal on sunday told leaders of the 17 farmers unions that the state will cancel the notification for acquisition of 171 acres of gobindpura village for the upcoming power plant of indiabulls,and they can start tilling their land.
later in the day, punjab chief minister park said payment to farmers for their harvest would flow electronically from tuesday, and rs 4,000 crore would be disbursed with 24 hours.
describing how his government was following sardar patels principles of unity, modi said gst (one nation one tax), one nation one grid, e-nam and bharatmala are some of the initiatives for new india.
later in the day, ending his road show in the old city, rahul told a gathering that economists have told him that the schemes like mgnrega and loan waiver had helped the overall economy of the country and not just the farmers.
Terming the decision historic, Jaitley said : what was normal from last 70 years that this much in cash and this much in cheque but now the Prime Minister has created a new normalToday every honest citizen feels that a premium has been given for his honesty.
Briefing reporters here, UIDAI Chairman Nandan Nilekani said the electronic Know Your Customer (eKYC) service from UIDAI will enhance customer convenience and greatly increase business efficiency across sectors that require proof of identity and address to open customer accounts.
(file photo)finance minister arun jaitley today said the currency is in surplus and the ministry is monitoring status of atms on a daily basis to sort out operational issues.
end-to-end security of resident data has also been given major priority, said ashok dalwai, deputy director-general, uidai.
virtually kicking off his party's campaign for the assembly elections due towards the end of the year, gandhi said if the congress comes to power in mp, those responsible for the death of the six farmers would face strict action within 10 days.
elaborating on the plan, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the long-term measures to root out drought and farmer suicides in the state would require environmental preservation.
on the demonetisation drive, arunjaitley said that the governments bid to go cashless meant less cash and not no cash, as reported by the opposition parties and a section of the media.
finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said the currency is in surplus and the ministry is monitoring status of atms on a daily basis to sort out operational issues.
addressing the function, upa chairperson sonia gandhi said the aadhaar scheme not only gives identity to the common man but is also a tool to claim benefits.
speaking at a farmers rally in belagavi region of karnataka, modi said, we must strive to facilitate the linkage of rivers.
seeking to rope in youngsters to promote cashless transactions, modi said for every person you introduce to the bhim app, you will get a cash back of rs 10.
finance minister arunjaitley this month said the government will spend a record amount on rural areas and farming to help double farmers income by 2022.
although the detailed content of forms was yet to be finalised, modi said adequate time will be given to gst network, which provides the it backbone, as well as businesses for transition.
state seeks rs 362 crore for flood reliefbangalore, oct 31, 2014, dhns: 13:10 istcentral teams will visit drought-hit areas on nov 7 and 8: cmchief minister siddaramaiah on thursday said the state government had convinced two central teams, which visited nine flood affected districts, about the severity of the devastation and was confident that the centre would approve the relief package of rs 362 crore it had sought.
speaking about the farm crisis,naidu said the bjp will protect farmers and ensure that they can sell their agriculture produce anywhere in india.
on why the council has decided on multiple gst rates, arunjaitley said one rate would be highly regressive as hawai chappal and bmw cannot be taxed at the same rate.
union finance minister arun jaitley has said that the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
in an address to the nation on december 8, 2016, prime minister narendramodi had said the note recall was aimed at tackling corruption, black money, terror funding and fake currency.
modi said fadnavis had provided political stability, social harmony, law and order opportunities for investment, better facilities for farmers and ensured benefits of central schemes for people of the state.
on the occasion, chief minister nitishkumar had said: no farmer would be allowed to remain dissatisfied.
jaitley said states would be compensated every two months instead of every quarter for the losses they might incur during gst implementation.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said that the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
After the government's decision of withdrawing Rs. 500 and Rs. 1,000 banknotes to curb black money, corruption and counterfeit currency, Jaitley said that higher-denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies".
modi opposed gst when he was chief minister of gujarat and he is now championing the gst as prime minister and we welcome that, ram said adding we welcome the facts that he has made these u-turns and taken positions as prime minister which were opposed to the positions which the bjp took when it was in opposition.
speaking on indian economy: the new normal in the aftermath of demonetisation, arunjaitley said for the first time such a decision came which was difficult to implement because one has to confront with many challenges.
sources said it will not be practically possible to write off the entire loan amount, but siddaramaiah may announce a partial loan waiver, thus offering some relief to small and marginal farmers, reeling under severe drought.
on sunday, state secretary modi announced that the cadres will fan out to build houses for the homeless, become part of palliative care initiatives, do organic agriculture, clean rivers and ponds, work to raise the standards of government schools and the quality of public hospitals and so on.
obviously there is some inconvenience for a couple of days or a couple of weeks, but that cannot be an alibi that india continues to live (with black money and parallel economy), jaitley said.
if the impact of demonetisation was that huge on informal sector, there would have been social unrest, arunjaitley said, adding any adverse impact of the two back-to-back reforms  gst and demonetisation were almost behind us.
the developments came a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that maharashtra government will come out with a loan waiver before october 31, which will benefit 1.
pm modi announced demonetisation in his address to the nation on november 8 claiming that the aim of the exercise was to hit at the heart of black money problem in the country.
niti aayog vice-chairman arvindpanagariya niti aayog vice-chairman arvind panagariyaniti aayog vice-chairman arvindpanagariya today said there is a need to formulate proper policies to ensure farmers get better prices for produce and asserted that there is no question of taxing their income.
commenting on the data, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said this year growth figures are on a high base of last fiscal and numbers do not show much negative impact of demonetisation.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said that the demonetisation is due to sharp increase in circulation of these notes in the last five years.
presenting his first full-year budget, arunjaitley said the first and foremost pillar of his tax proposals is to enacting a new law to effectively deal with the problem of black money which eats into the vitals of our economy and society.
deshpande had also said that prime minister manmohansingh had announced a package for vidarbhas crisis-ridden farmers,which included one for irrigation.
i am going to waive off farmers loans, kumaraswamy told reporters in bengaluru after being sworn in as chief minister.
to obviate any confusion on the subject, i categorically state that the central government has no plan to impose any tax on agriculture income, arunjaitley said in a statement.
modi said that several measures have been taken for the farmers and poor and counted that the poor are getting better treatment under the aayushman bharat scheme and getting medicines at cheap rates.
though the ordinance is lapsing, 13 of its points, meant to provide direct financial benefit to farmers, are being brought under the rules effective from sunday so farmers do not face financial loss, said modi.
justifying free power to farmers,deputy chief minister sukhbirsinghbadal said that most of the states do it to provide support to farmers.
though the ban will help farmers get livestock at a lesser price, it cannot prevent the illegal sale of animals for meat, said radhakrishnan.
modi said that while making the announcement to ban rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, he was aware that people will face inconvenience but i had requested the people of india to bear this short-term painfor long-term gain.
He said the impact of demonetisation was temporary and was limited to consumption.
around 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister modi said in rajya sabha today, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
agartala: union minister jairam ramesh has said 'aadhaar' numbers, the unique 12-digit identification numbers given to residents of india, would be used to provide different social pensions, mgnrega wages to workers and scholarships to students.
with regard to gst, which is aimed at overhauling the taxation system in the country, modi told the congress, it is yours only, still it is being stopped.
finance minister arun jailtey (file photo) finance minister arun jailtey (file photo)the implementation of the goods and services tax (gst), coupled with a digitised economy ushered in by demonetisation, will make indias economy look much cleaner and bigger, said union finance minister arun jaitley at the vibrant gujarat global summit wednesday.
new delhi: asserting that hard cash in india would become obsolete in the near future, union finance minister arun jaitley on monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people.
by ptinew delhi: the leaders of all opposition parties stand united with farmers in ensuring their good future, congress president rahulgandhi said on friday and called for a farm loan waiver.
pointing out that a special crop loss assessment report was already being prepared to assess crop damage due to rain, amarindersingh said losses due to fire caused by any other reason will be compensated from the cms relief fund.
(source: pti photo)stating that demonetisation has had no impact on gdp, prime minister narendramodi citing testimonials by apple chief tim cook, microsoft founder bill gates, world bank chief kristalina georgieva, nobel laureate for economics muhammad yunus and others, on tuesday said that the world was looking at the bold move with a lot of respect.
the government should give `5 lakh cash to the family of a farmer who commits suicide, a job offer, besides waving the debts, said jagmohan singh, state secretary of the bharatiya kisan union, punjab.
inaugurating the first international agro-biodiversity congress here in the national capital, prime minister modi said it was high time that the stakeholders in the agriculture sector change the way they look at preserving the agro-biodiversity and its inhabitants.
it's just beginning, says pm as bjp mps endorse his 'crusade'new delhi, nov 22, 2016, (pti) 13:09 istdemonetisation is not the end but the beginning of a long, deep and constant battle against black money and corruption and will benefit the poor and the common man, prime minister modi today said as the bjp parliamentary party passed a unanimous resolution endorsing his great crusade.
during his poll campaign, prime minister modi had said the first decision of the new up government under the bjp would be to waive loans of small and marginal farmers.
speaking further, nitishkumar said that restoration of lakhandei to its old course was very important because its drying up and the river shifting and taking another course had led to a situation in which farmers were not getting water for irrigating their crops.
though there is a rise of 3  in the overall tax slab, the developers would also get several tax credits under gst, which would make the properties cheaper, adhia said.
this makes it not only one of the most accurate, but soon to be the largest biometric system in the world, uidai chairman nandan nilekani said in a statement here.
finance minister arun jaitley this month said the government will spend a record amount on rural areas and farming to help double farmers income by 2022.
i am sure that issue will get resolved," shah said, hoping for gst roll out from april next year.
Attempts by some political parties and a section of the media to provoke people against the Government have proved futile, Jaitley said.
chief minister ram said that he has directed the cops to release farmers.
speaking at the valedictory ceremony of the golden jubilee celebration of the university of agricultural sciences, bangalore, siddaramaiah said the commission would look into how farmers could get good prices for their produce.
niti aayog vice-chairman nagar niti aayog vice-chairman arvind panagariyaniti aayog vice-chairman nagar today said there is a need to formulate proper policies to ensure farmers get better prices for produce and asserted that there is no question of taxing their income.
emphasising on transparency in the mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme (mnregs), yogiadityanath said that active workers should be linked with aadhaar-based payment system.
at a meeting held with national agriculture cooperative marketing federation of india (nafed), chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the state government was committed to provide both financial and logistic support to farmers cultivating cereals such as tur and harbara.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: express archive photo by santosh parab) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: express archive photo by santosh parab)chief minister devendrafadnavis said saturday the government was willing to allocate financial resources along with the centre to help 31 lakh farmers reeling under debt of rs 30,500 crore.
in his speech, karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah said the gst has forged a new model of cooperative decentralisation in the country.
the consensus on gst reflects the spirit of one nation, one aspiration, one determination, modi earlier said in his opening remarks at the meeting.
in a bid to ensure that all farmers get the minimum support price, arunjaitley said the states would be encouraged to take up decentralised procurement, undertaking online procurement of food grains through the food corporation of india and making arrangements for procurement of pulses, an area that has been in the domain of private traders so far.
flaunts states achievements across power,agricultural and other sectors,modi says this makes the model worthy of transplantation across the country.
on november 8, prime minister modi announced demonetisation of currency notes in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
digital payments are the future of financial transactions, jaitley said at the punjab national bank app launching ceremony held here.
jaitley said the demonetisation, coupled with the implementation of gst, will make india a single market instead of 30 different markets in the states, facilitaing free flow goods and services throughout the country.
(file photo)to save farmers from distress selling of crops in open market, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal on monday approved setting up of a price stabilisation fund in the state.
in the first meeting of the cwc since the prime minister declared that land ordinance would not be repromulgated, gandhi said that due to congress' sustained campaign, the government has been compelled to withdraw its anti-farmer amendments.
suicide not a solutioncommenting on the recent string of farmer suicides in the state, siddaramaiah said that suicide is not a solution.
(pti photo)demonetisation has narrowed the gap between rich and poor and will help boost gdp growth, minister of state for finance arjun ram meghwal told lok sabha monday.
fm cites higher tax mop up to dismiss economic slowdown fearsnew delhi, jan 9, 2017, (pti) 13:42 istdismissing concerns of slowdown due to demonetisation, finance minister arunjaitley today said both direct and indirect tax collections have shown robust increase during the april-december period, indicating uptick in economic activity including manufacturing.
modi, who has set a target of doubling farmers income by 2022, said work was underway on reforming the agriculture market.
haryana chief minister manoharlalkhattar said that farmers covered under the scheme would get enhanced insurance compensation ranging between rs 10,000 and rs 25,000 per acre as against the prescribed rates fixed between rs 7500 and rs 12,000 per acre for damage to the crop.
prime minister modi on saturday announced the creation of a high-powered committee on structural reforms in agriculture, saying this panel would include some chief ministers and take a holistic approach on the subject.
the bjp leaders from across the country said that there is an overwhelming support for the governments bold move to fight black money and corruption, union minister m.venkaiahnaidu said.
people used to say india cannot be changed, we have successfully changed that thought itself, modi said whileclaiming that the country was taking big strides in every sphere from sports to space, healthcare to agriculture, economy and education.
seeking deeper economic engagement, modi said indias capacities in trade, investments, information and communication technology, space, agriculture, health care, small and medium scale industry can bring wide spread economic benefit to the sco countries.
i am conscious of (the) fact that the current political attitude of some political parties is to delay implementation of gst but the constitutional mandate is very clear, arunjaitley said, adding the old taxation regime can continue for just one year from september 16, the date of notification.
if there is a ray of hope in the world economy today, it is india, modi said at the rally attended by thousands of farmers.
speaking at a meeting to review preparations for the kharif season, fadnavis said; efforts to bring maximum farmers within the institutional credit mechanism through fresh crop loans should be taken up on a mission mode.
Referring to demonetisation, he said it has not impacted the economy as apprehended by experts and added that even during the stress period (of November and December), the size of the formal economy was increasing.
blaming the then upa-ii government for its flawed policies at an election rally in sujanpur tira, modi had said, the farmers work hard, cultivate apples.
with figures to show congress governments underperforming on socially key projects, modi said the nda has stemmed the negative tide but was not allowed to work as the opposition was blocking some legislations like the gst bill which is conceived by the united progressive alliance.
at uidai, we are very strict on privacy issues.
Modi stated that the economy would come out much stronger after the implementation of the decision on demonetisation.
new delhi: asserting that hard cash in india would become obsolete in the near future, union finance minister arunjaitley on monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people.
whatever legal action would be taken against the offending company would take its own course but we feel the farmers should not lose out in the meantime, mamatabanerjee said.
mumbai: cm devendra fadnavis told toi on tuesday that two lakh additional farmers would be beneficiaries of the state governments move to take the cutoff date for the farm loan waiver back to 2001.
now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency, jaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals.
b'cash crunch: finance minister arunjaitley said the temporary shortage in certain states is being tackled quickly and that there is more than adequate currency in circulation.
we have been raising the issue of loan waiver from day one and now its time to take it to people, as the government only wants to road roll on our demands and ignore the concerns of farmers, ashok chavan, state president of congress told ht, after a joint meeting of opposition leaders.
challenging congress vice-president rahul gandhi to come clean on loan waiver to big business houses, naidu said non-performing assets worth lakhs of crores of rupees were waived off during upa rule.
on the pm-kisan scheme, under which rs 6,000 per annum are transferred to the accounts of farmers who have less than five acres of land, modi said after the lok sabha polls, the five-acre condition would be removed, and more cultivators would be covered.
skeptical about up farm loan waiveron the uttar pradesh government waiving farm loans, benefiting 86 lakh farmers, siddaramaiah said he does not know if the centre had chipped in.
UIDAI Chairman Nandan Nilekani said the government is using state-of-the-art technology to ensure Aadhaar provides the best service for the people.
black money fight against big people, not small traders: pmghaziabad, feb 8, 2017 (pti) 20:13 istprime minister narendramodi today said the government's fight against black money was targeted at big people and big babus and that small traders need not worry.
bangalore, july 25, 2013, dhns: 23:32 istchief minister siddaramaiah on thursday announced the formation of a cabinet sub-committee to suggest amendments to the forest dwellers (recognition of forest rights) act, 2006, to protect the interests of farmers who have been cultivating in forest land for many years.
smriti irani: watchful calcutta, april 14: union textiles minister smritiirani has asked the jute corporation of india and the national jute board to help increase the supply of certified jute seeds at a cheaper price to farmers in consultation with the national seeds corporation.
b t manohar, chairman of taxation committee and team gst of federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industries, said it is consumers' responsibility to ask for the invoice in the proper gst format so that they aren't cheated by vendors.
follow our full election coverage hereto win over the disgruntled farmers, modi announced an annual cash payment of rs 6000 in three equal installments to as many as 120 million farmers.
new delhi: union minister mukhtarabbasnaqvi today said congress was running away from a discussion on demonetisation in parliament even when the government wanted a positive debate and was open to suggestions.
we dont want an india where only a handful get everything, fly in aeroplanes and travel in big cars and our farmers are turned into labourers, rahul said.
recently, pm modi announced the decision to provide the msp (minimum support price) which shall be one and a half times the input cost for any agricultural produce for both rabi and kharif crops.
Dalwai said even those residents whose enrolments have been rejected can approach the enrolment centres with necessary documents and go for fresh enrolments.
in order to give them some relief, we have decided to buy 28,000 tonnes of potato per month directly from the farmers for mid-day meal scheme and anganwadi centres, mamatabanerjee said.
central teams will be visiting the drought hit areas on november 7 and 8, ram said.
commerce secretary rita a. teaotia on monday said the union commerce ministry would support goa governments policy to develop the state as a agriculture hub.
at a time when people are distressed due to the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes by the union government, siddaramaiah has announced a series of programmes for the development of backward classes and has also announced schemes for the agricultural sector.
siddaramaiah said all dcs and sps had been directed to take action against moneylenders if they harass farmers for loan recovery.
d ram (cpi) said the government was waiving loans of other sectors and asked why it couldnt do the same for farmers.
interacting with party workers during his visit to hassan, on sunday, dr harshvardhan said, the centre was pro-farmer and was concerned about chalking out plans for the overall development of the country.
in his address to the joint session of parliament, pranabmukherjee said the government attaches paramount importance to safeguard the interest of farmers and families affected by land acquisition.
speaking to select media on the completion of two-and-a-half years rule of telangana rashtra samithi (trs) government on friday, ram said the government would try to overcome the demonetisation problems and speed up the government activities in the second half of the rule.
modi announces 50 pc increase in compensation for distressed farmersnew delhi, april 09, 2015, dhns: 2:28 istin a reprieve to farmers whose crops have been hit by recent unseasonal rain, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday announced a 50 per cent increase in compensation and also eased criterion for providing financial relief.
addressing a town hall meeting at s k memorial hall here, adhia said the gdp of the country would rise by 2  with implementation of gst, which would in turn lead to creation of lakhs of new job opportunities in the country.
aadhaar will provide a big platform to fight corruption, said uidai chairman nandan nilekani, who is expected to contest forthcoming lok sabha elections on congress ticket.
uidai is currently working with banks and the national payments corporation of india (npci) and expects to roll out the feature in the next few weeks.
sonowal said cashless payments have the potential to root out corruption from the system and urged the citizens to adopt cashless transactions as a way of life.
chief minister ram , who launched the integrated marketing project, said that it was a revolutionary programme which will help make agriculture a profitable business.
stop bringing in farmers on the issue of black money, farmers money is white and there is no tax on their money, said arunjaitley in lok sabha during the discussion on the specified bank notes (cessation of liabilities) bill, 2017.
claiming that the social benefits of a universal identity system was immense, mr. dalwai said, in the long-term, the card would reduce the number of bogus ration cards, and could even help in extending credit to the rural poor when they use their uid number for transactions.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , who reviewed the drought situation in marathwada last week and sought to infuse confidence in farmers by announcing a slew of measures, told this paper that his government was concerned about the farmer suicides and has taken several steps to bring them down.
by ptinew delhi: the leaders of all opposition parties stand united with farmers in ensuring their good future, congress president gandhi said on friday and called for a farm loan waiver.
pawar said he would discuss the farmers problems with the state and central governments and try to find a solution without politicising it.
since the rate of cess shall be such so as to maintain the pre-gst tax incidence on such goods therefore there may not be much difference in total tax incidence (tax plus cess) on these goods between the pre-gst and post-gst regime, shukla said.
addressing a kisan chetna dharna organised by the partys kisan cell here, he also sought to allay apprehensions about the feasibility of the debt waiver in view of punjabs financial situation.
on tuesday, gandhi had said the opposition will not rest till the narendra modi government waives farm loans across the country.
explaining the project further, amarinder said if a farmer was given rs 10,000 for power consumption of his tubewell and he ended up spending rs 7,000, the remaining amount would go into his pocket and he would also contribute to saving the declining groundwater level in the state.
the developments come a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that maharashtra government will come out with a loan waiver for farmers before october 31, which will benefit 1.
recalling the contributions of the wadiyar kings, especially nalvadi, to all fields to make mysuru a welfare state, including education, agriculture, irrigation, and industries, siddaramaiah said, since he became chief minister, roads measuring a total of 1,000 km have been laid across the district at a cost of rs 1,580 crore.
the constitution 122nd constitutional amendment bill was passed by the parliament on august 8, marking a historic step for tax reforms which prime minister modi said was 'crucial' for ending tax terrorism besides reducing corruption and black money while making the consumer 'king'.
