;;-0.6597;;after nepals foreign ministry condemned the killing of an innocent nepali nationaldue to fire opened by the indian security forces, indias external affairs ministry said the ssb had launched an inquiry.
;;0.296;;external affairs ministry spokesperson gopal baglay said, the government of nepal is being requested through diplomatic channels to share post-mortem and forensic reports to facilitate the process.
;;0.0;;nepals foreign minister prakash sharan mahat too discussed the incident with his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj during a phone call.
;;0.4215;;minister of state for external affairs m j akbar said such things cannot be controlled as there is no international treaty on this, but confirmed action under two laws enacted in 1950 and 1971 to protect dishonouring of national emblems.
;;-0.743;;amazon writes to swaraj, regrets sale of offending tricolour-themed doormatson whether such things can be controlled in future, he said, there is no international treaty on this.
;;-0.4043;;the issue of amazon selling tricolour doormats and slippers on its websites had irked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had said such things were unacceptable and had threatened amazon management of rescinding visas to its officials if they did not stop such sales.
;;0.0;;the mla said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had been in touch with the saudi arabia government to get the body back.
;;-0.2023;;the sharp attack came after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her pakistani counterpart shah mehmood qureshi exchanged pleasantries during a shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) meeting in bishkek on wednesday and sat next to each other during a joint call on kyrgyz president.
;;0.0;;swaraj and qureshi attended the meeting of the council of foreign ministers (cfm) of sco, which was founded at a summit in shanghai in 2001 by the presidents of russia, china, kyrgyz republic, kazakhstan, tajikistan and uzbekistan.
;;0.0;;swaraj arrived in bishkek in the kyrgyz capital on tuesday to attend the sco foreign ministers meeting.
;;-0.5106;;two indian petroleum engineers who were abducted in south sudan have been released, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on friday.
;;0.802;;the icj order has come as a great relief to the family of kulbhushan jadhav and people of india, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;-0.7003;;amazon might have withdrawn indian flag-themed doormats that angered foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj but the online retail giants troubles appear far from over.
;;-0.5859;;swaraj had warned amazon on wednesday that india would stop issuing visas to the firms employees and rescind those already granted if the e-commerce firm didnt withdraw all products insulting the national flag immediately.
;;0.0258;;/1  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) january 11, 2017disrespect to the national flag is a punishable offence in india and can attract three-year jail term and a fine or both, according to the prevention of insults to national honour act, 1971.
;;0.2023;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and secretary of state rex tillersen spoke on phone, and foreign secretary s jaishankar met with the top us diplomat during a visit to the us earlier in march.
;;0.4939;;jaishankar, who was accompanied by commerce secretary rita teotia, also met mcmaster and president trumps top adviser on international economic affairs kenneth juster in the white house, commerce secretary wilbur ross and secretary for homeland security john kelly.
;;0.7184;;there is no clarity on who prime minister narendra modi favours, although sources said his partys ideological mentor, the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss), has sought to back either party veteran murli manohar joshi or foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for the job.
;;0.0258;;the candidature of swaraj is also being backed by some rss leaders, sources said.
;;0.0;;a small consolation for the congress came from its victory at shashabad in vidisha district, the home turf of chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, currently represented by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in the lok sabha.
;;-0.4939;;in new delhi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said india would raise the airspace violation with china.
;;-0.8176;;a drug addict was arrested on monday for allegedly killing a 27-year-old techie from telangana in california last week, tweeted foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.3612;;swaraj, who assured all assistance to vamsis family, sent out a series of tweets.
;;-0.743;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has directed indian mission in the uae to follow up the investigation by local police regarding the death of three indians during a fire in a diesel tank.
;;0.0;;/4  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 12, 2017i have asked our mission to follow up investigation by the police, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.7184;;the issue came to light on tuesday after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj responded to a request for help from telangana it and nri affairs minister kt rama rao and directed the indian envoy to saudi arabia to rescue the indian workers.
;;0.5719;;the telangana minister had written to swaraj seeking help for rescuing the workers, who he said were employed by al-hajry, a saudi firm with interests in real estate and consulting services.
;;-0.4939;;co/wl5pjdjef7  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 21, 2017al-sati said his country had no tolerance for firms that violate the rights of workers.
;;0.0;;it made sense when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj rebranded it act east in 2014.
;;0.2732;;external affairs ministry spokesperson gopal baglay said the order was unanimous, clear and unambiguous and would will help remedy the violation of jadhavs rights.
;;0.0258;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 18, 2017in provisional measures adopted unanimously, the 12-judge tribunal said it would remain seized of the matters in its order until it gives a final judgment.
;;0.6369;;modi telephoned swaraj to thank her and appreciate the efforts of salve, officials said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendra modi will travel to nepal on a two-day visit on may 11 while external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will travel to myanmar, also on a two-day visit, on may 10, the ministrys official spokesperson, raveesh kumar, said on thursday.
;;0.4404;;swaraj would hold talks with the top leadership of myanmar and both sides were expected to ink several key agreements, the mea spokesperson said.
;;0.4404;;following this, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on the visiting dignitary.
;;-0.5267;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday wished a speedy recovery to the american, who was injured while intervening in the shooting that killed an indian engineer in the us, and said india salutes his heroism.
;;0.7003;;best wishes for a speedy recovery, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.0;;cms students also visited the un headquarters in 2015 to perform yoga, accompanied by union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and spiritual guru ravi shankar.
;;-0.2263;;protests have been reported from the bundelkhand region, satna, indore and vidisha, the parliamentary constituency of foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0258;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has convened a meeting of chief ministers of seven north-eastern states on may 4 to discuss indias act east policy and delhis relationship with countries in south east asia, people familiar with the matter said on condition of anonymity.
;;0.0;;devis daughter sushmaswaraj alias simmi, son-in-law jai bhagwan, brother jaswant, cousin sheela, driver satish, employee ram prakash saini and counsellor veena were convicted by a cbi court.
;;-0.296;;three other accused  daughter sushmaswaraj and employees sheela and veena  were let off with time served.
;;0.0;;he has worked as a personal physician to former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee and has also treated union ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley.
;;-0.34;;the plane was carrying five people and it caught fire before crash-landing near bangkok, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted on monday.
;;-0.8126;;/3  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) 6 march 2017the doctors injured in the accident are from the departments of emergency and anaesthesia.
;;-0.3182;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj publicly threatened in january to rescind visas of amazon employees if the doormats were not removed from its canadian website.
;;-0.3182;;nine people, including main accused jaswanti devi, her daughter sushmaswaraj alias simmi, son-in-law jai bhagwan, brother jaswant, cousin sheela, acquaintance roshni, driver satish, employee ram prakash saini and counsellor veena were held guilty by a special cbi court.
;;0.5859;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 24, 2017we will provide all help and assistance to the bereaved family i have assured all help and assistance, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj wrote on twitter.
;;0.0;;gen (retd) mcmaster will meet prime minister narendra modi, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and foreign secretary s jaishankar in addition to his counterpart ajit doval in what will be his first visit to south asia since he took over in february.
;;-0.3818;;we have said that it is only after we verify the details that we can issue an emergency certificate for their deportation, the external affairs minister said.
;;-0.6908;;swaraj was responding to a question on the recent orders of the american president on illegal immigrants that put people of indian origin in the us at the risk of deportation.
;;0.2023;;the developments follow recommendations made by an inter-ministerial panel headed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to review the legal and regulatory challenges faced by women deserted by nri men.
;;-0.6908;;although there is no consolidated data available with the government on the number of women who marry nris every year (on average), on december 21, junior external affairs minister vk singh told parliament that indian missions abroad received 3328 complaints from indian women about marital disputes with their nri spouses since 2015.
;;0.128;;both swaraj and the minister for women and child development maneka gandhi have been pushing for a legal framework to address these issues.
;;0.2023;;the ministerial panel led by swaraj has also recommended uploading the court summons issued to nri men on the website.
;;0.6908;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on wednesday india is open to regional connectivity initiatives that are inclusive, sustainable, transparent and respect the principles of sovereignty and territorial integrity during the meeting of the foreign ministers of the shanghai cooperation organisation in kyrgyzstan.
;;-0.5994;;the external affairs minister also condoled the death of more than 250 people in the easter sunday bombings in sri lanka.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj had attended the last cfm meeting in beijing in april 2018.
;;0.34;;as many as 301 indian fishermen are currently lodged in jails in pakistan which has confirmed the presence of only 77 of them, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on thursday, adding the indian government is making all efforts to secure their release.
;;0.0;;there are a total of 301 indian fishermen currently lodged in pakistan jails, but pakistan has so far confirmed the presence of only 77 of them, swaraj informed the house.
;;-0.9042;;sharifs comments came on a day foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj warned pakistan that bilateral ties would be hurt if jadhav  who was found guilty by a pakistani army court of spying, espionage and waging war against the state  was hanged.
;;-0.7096;;the incident evoked outrage from in the us and india with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj expressing shock over the incident.
;;-0.7672;;at an election meeting in hyderabad, swaraj referred to the air strikes on terror camps in pakistans balakot following the pulwama attack and said opposition parties who do not have faith in prime minister narendra modi were taking his pakistan counterparts statements for granted.
;;-0.3612;;the external affairs minister said the air strikes received international support and she received calls from leaders of several countries appreciating indias stand on terrorism.
;;0.0;;there were only 77 passport centres in the country now it has gone up to 505 and in telangana they were just four and it has gone up to 19, swaraj added.
;;-0.7184;;diplomatic ties between india and pakistan plunged following jadhavs conviction, with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj warning islamabad of consequences if jadhavs death sentence was carried out.
;;0.1779;;just a month after india said it will consider medical visas for pakistani patients only if the application is backed by a recommendation from pakistan prime ministers foreign affairs advisor sartaj aziz, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj cut the red tape to help a pakistani infant get medical treatment.
;;0.0;;however, rohaan will be visiting india on monday sushmaswaraj swaraj intervened in the case and arranged visa for the pakistani family.
;;0.6249;;it was a tweet of a distressed father which caught the attention of swaraj who promptly assured him of help to treat his son.
;;0.1813;;twitter.com/p0mgk0xybj  ken sid (@kensid2) may 24, 2017on may 31, swaraj replied to the request, assuring that rohaan wont be a victim to the strained relationship between two countries.
;;0.0;;we will give the medical visa , said swaraj on twitter.
;;-0.8316;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj reacted to the attack on an indian-origin sikh man in kent, saying that she has spoken to the victims family and he is now out of danger.
;;-0.2732;;i have spoken to sardar harpal singh father of the victim, swaraj tweeted on sunday.
;;-0.8834;;the indian workers killed in mosul were illegal immigrants and the indian embassy in the country had no record of them, general (retd) vk singh, minister of state for external affairs, on monday at sri guru ram das jee international airport at amritsar after bringing back the mortal remains of 38 of them.
;;-0.743;;the fate of the 39 workers was unclear till last month when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said they were dead.
;;-0.8176;;the february 14 suicide terror attack in pulwama and the easter bombings in sri lanka have strengthened indias resolve to fight terror and boost security cooperation within the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco), external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;swaraj held talks with several leaders on the margins of the meeting, including her chinese counterpart wang yi.
;;0.3612;;swaraj underscored the importance india attaches to scos afghanistan contact group and called for the early conclusion of a draft road map for further actions by this group.
;;0.4019;;during his meeting with swaraj, chinese foreign minister wang yi expressed his countrys desire to work with indias new government, people familiar with developments said.
;;-0.296;;india has asked pakistan for an update on the whereabouts of two muslim clerics from delhis hazrat nizamuddin dargah who have gone missing in karachi, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on friday.
;;0.0;;we will try to meet the union home minister and the external affairs minister, said a relative.
;;0.4019;;her husband, kulwant, appealed to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for help on twitter.
;;0.8271;;capt thanks swaraj for sukhwants returnpunjab chief minister captain amarinder singh thanked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for facilitating sukhwants safe return from saudi arabia.
;;-0.5719;;the cm also urged the external affairs minister to use all political and diplomatic channels to put an end to illegal practice of travel agents, who fraudulently send innocent people abroad, where they are victimised.
;;0.4404;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman will travel to washington to meet their counterparts, us secretary of state mike pompeo and defence secretary jim mattis, to discuss a host of bilateral issues as well as regional developments.
;;0.0;;tina kaidanow, principal deputy assistant secretary of state for political-military affairs was in new delhi recently and urged indian officials for early signing of the pacts.
;;0.4215;;strategic affairs expert c uday bhaskar said that the dialogue is taking place at a time when two sides are having a flux in their respective geopolitical outlook.
;;-0.6249;;also, a delegation of sad mps would also register their protest with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, he added.
;;0.3818;;we are making all efforts (through diplomatic channels) to ensure these bills are not passed, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in the rajya sabha in march.
;;0.4404;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday termed it an intra-gulf cooperation council (gcc) affair and said new delhi is not impacted by it after bahrain, egypt, saudi arabia, yemen and the united arab emirates cut diplomatic ties with qatar, accusing doha of supporting islamist groups and its relations with iran.
;;0.6705;;the best case scenario for india is the issue being sorted soon, considering a large number of indians work there, strategic affairs expert mk bhadrakumar said.
;;0.0;;yadav said the state police headquarters had sought information about bheel following a request from the union ministry of external affairs.
;;0.8689;;bjp in-charge for party affairs in rajasthan, avinash rai khanna, and jaipur mp ramcharan bohra met sharmas family on june 2 and assured all possible help for his safe return from pakistan.
;;0.6249;;they bjp leaders told the family that the party has written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj seeking her intervention to secure sharmas release from the pakistani jail.
;;0.5859;;the government has also sought a report and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath has assured foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj of a fair and impartial investigation.
;;-0.3818;;the seattle-based e-commerce player had on january 12 apologised for selling doormats depicting the indian tricolour (national flag) and removed them from its canadian website after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj threatened to revoke visas of its official in india.
;;-0.9042;;sharifs comments came as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj warned pakistan that bilateral ties would be hurt if jadhav  who was found guilty by a pakistani army court of spying, espionage and waging war against the state  was hanged.
;;0.7745;;minutes after the icjs order, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted: we are grateful to mr. harish salve for presenting indias case so effectively before icj.
;;-0.7783;;on monday, swaraj had tweeted to say salve charged the government a token one rupee fee after he argued indias case at the international court of justice against the death penalty to jadhav by pakistan.
;;0.3612;;he claimed that rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj allegedly helped people like lalit modi who escaped from the country and were wanted by investigative agencies for alleged money laundering.
;;0.0;;we are informed that it was external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who had suggested such a meeting to the visiting chinese foreign minister wang yi last december and senior functionaries on both sides prioritised its fruition.
;;0.9468;;and (it is being done) not only by us, but even nations friendly to us as well as enjoying good relations with china, who feel that india should get an nsg membership, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;0.0;;about the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) it is a new issue under the new circumstances and it is more complicated than the previously imagined, chinas assistant minister of foreign affairs li huilai told a media briefing in beijing.
;;0.0258;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday took to twitter to reach out to relatives of those indians who are living in libya.
;;0.0258;;on april 7, swaraj had tweeted that the entire indian contingent of peacekeeping forces comprising 15 crpf personnel from tripoli had been evacuated after the situation there suddenly worsened.
;;0.0;;#libya, swaraj tweeted early on sunday.
;;-0.5719;;the issue of the elderly, mentally challenged and female prisoners languishing in jails was first discussed when pakistan envoy sohail mahmood met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in october 2017.
;;0.0;;the suggestion was made on thursday by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the group of ministers (gom) meeting to review the national policy for women.
;;0.2023;;one of the top woman politicians in the country, swaraj heads the gom.
;;-0.6124;;apart from jaswanti, her daughter sushmaswaraj alias simmi, son-in-law jai bhagwan, brother jaswant, cousin sheela, driver satish, employee ram prakash saini and counsellor veena have been convicted on various charges of sexual and physical molestation of inmates.
;;0.2023;;according to the officials, none of whom wished to be identified, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman will meet for a day with their counterparts in the us, secretary of state rex tillerson and defence secretary james mattis on april 18 or april 19.
;;0.0;;officials swung into action after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took up a report on the issue by hindustan times on thursday.
;;-0.4471;;despite the assurances from swaraj, the indian students continued their protests on saturday.
;;0.5449;;no one from the high commission has come to meet us but we are hopeful that action will be taken as we have seen the external affairs ministers tweets, an indian student, who did not want to be named, told hindustan times.
;;0.34;;he made a similar assurance to his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj during a phone conversation on sunday.
;;-0.4588;;a tweet by union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has brought back hope for a ghana couple who was struggling to get proper treatment for their four-year-old daughter abena, suffering from cerebral palsy, in allahabad.
;;0.3612;;as the news reached sushmaswaraj swaraj, she tweeted that ghana couples visa will be increased on the advice of their doctor so that the child could get treatment.
;;0.34;;after the assurance tweeted by swaraj, orthopaedic surgeon dr jitendra jain, who is providing treatment to abena, and her father richmand have speed up process for the extension of visa.
;;0.0;;abenas parents richmand and fustina had sent an email to the ministry of external affairs for extending visa from february 2, 2017 till june.
;;0.8176;;his hopes to meet his mother in pakistan rose after a strong assurance by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and a pakistan high commission official who met him in november last year on different days.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj sought a report from the indian mission in malaysia to rescue a 46-year-old indian abducted in the country.
;;0.4215;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has announced the release of five indians from kerala who were jailed in togo and appreciated the indian mission in and consulate in togo for their support.
;;-0.6124;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 1, 2017the five indians, employees of a merchant navy firm, were in jail since 2013 for their suspected involvement in a piracy attack off the coast of togo.
;;0.5106;;the external affairs minister has in the past been appreciated for her timely interventions and speedy responses on social media, which has made her one of the most followed politicians on the platform.
;;0.0;;the last two high-profile visits to the region under modis premiership  president pranab mukherjee in october 2015 and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in january 2016  had visited the two countries.
;;0.296;;sitharamans remarks, made at the beginning of her talks with her chinese counterpart wei fenghe, came hours after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj reiterated indias strong stand on terrorism, saying it is against life, peace and basic human rights.
;;0.0;;swaraj also flagged indias concerns over connectivity projects within shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) countries while speaking at a meeting of foreign ministers of the bloc.
;;0.4215;;both swaraj and sitharaman spoke at their respective sco ministerial meets for the first time after india, along with pakistan, became a full member of the bloc.
;;0.0;;swaraj reiterated indias stand on globalisation in international trade.
;;0.3182;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj came to the rescue of a man from mumbai, who was stuck in mozambique.
;;0.0;;his sister anita suvarna wrote and tweeted to the authorities, tagging swaraj.
;;0.0;;india in mozambique (@indiainmoz) may 31, 2017the tweet was retweeted by swaraj.
;;-0.8885;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on wednesday that the government was sparing no effort to trace kerala priest tom uzhunnalil, who was kidnapped in war- torn yemen by terror group islamic state (is) in march 2016.
;;0.5267;;co/sigsuqwgvo  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 31, 2017her tweet came in response to the meeting held between the relatives of father uzhunnalil and kerala governor justice p sathasivam in thiruvananthapuram.
;;0.6369;;the governor assured them of all possible help and forwarded the plea submitted by the relatives to swaraj.
;;0.7351;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told the 160 delegates from 11 asean nations that it was ramayana and buddhism that united them and the challenge was to strengthen and build on those ideals.
;;0.7783;;swaraj peppered her address with quotes from vivekanand and ideals taught by buddhism, swaraj said there was no higher bliss than peace which was evident in the teaching of buddha.
;;0.6369;;saying that she was impressed by the energy displayed at the summit and that she herself felt young again, swaraj urged the delegates to remain in contact with each other though social media.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is known for her wit on twitter.
;;0.0;;swaraj, who had changed her twitter handle to chowkidar sushmaswaraj swaraj in keeping with prime minister narendra main bhi chowkidar campaign, was asked why she called herself chowkidar.
;;0.25;;in response to the question, swaraj tweeted, because i am doing chowkidari of indian interests and indian nationals abroad.
;;0.1779;;@isroin response, swaraj had tweeted, even if you are stuck on the mars, indian embassy there will help you.
;;0.0;;the family now wants external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to facilitate speedy transit of the body through diplomatic channels in saudi capital riyadh.
;;0.1531;;she expressed hope ministry of external affair moves fast for any delay might prompt the hospital concerned to even dispose of the body.
;;0.0;;madhubani district magistrate giriwar dayal singh told ht, he would talk to the officials in the ministry of external affairs, and arrange for the body to be brought back to india.
;;-0.296;;srivastava wrote to president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, urging them to put pressure on the us authorities to locate his son.
;;0.6369;;the external affairs ministry has assured all possible help, he said.
;;0.0516;;delhiupdated: aug 07, 2019 09:01 istthe delhi government on wednesday declared a two-day mourning in the national capital as a mark of respect for senior bjp leader and former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who passed away on tuesday.
;;-0.6705;;(follow updates here)swaraj passed away at aiims, delhi after suffering a cardiac arrest.
;;-0.6808;;swaraj, who was indias first full-time woman foreign minister (indira gandhi held additional charge of the ministry when she was prime minister) suffered the cardiac arrest late in the evening and was immediately taken to the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims).
;;0.296;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said last month that china would share data on the two rivers.
;;0.4939;;strategic affairs expert brahma chellaney, who specialises in water issues, said, under the bilateral agreement between the two countries, china is bound to release hydrological data on brahmaputra and sutlej from may 15 till october 15 as india has already paid for the data.
;;0.6808;;the police action comes a day after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj assured the womans friends on twitter that the authorities would trace her out soon.
;;-0.5859;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted she had seen news reports about the abduction of the indian sailors by pirates.
;;0.0258;;swaraj also sought a report on the matter from abhay thakur, indias envoy to nigeria.
;;0.0;;the confirmation came after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to pakistan prime ministers adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz, regarding the case.
;;0.3182;;while the details remain unclear, swaraj made a strong pitch to aziz for tracing the clerics.
;;-0.296;;i spoke to mr. sartaj aziz pakistan pm's adviser on foreign affairs regarding missing indian nationals, she posted on twitter on saturday evening.
;;0.4019;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, in a telephonic conversation with nepals deputy prime minister and minister for foreign affairs krishna bahadur mahara on sunday evening, pledged all possible support.
;;0.4019;;nandi also tweeted to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj seeking help.
;;0.4215;;among those who voted in the national capital on sunday were president ram nath kovind, congress president rahul gandhi, united progressive alliance chairperson sonia gandhi, and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4019;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath after an african student tweeted for help.
;;0.34;;minister of state for external affairs mj akbar spoke to the acting high commissioner of nigeria and apprised him of the steps being taken for the security of nigerian nationals.
;;-0.8271;;in; 02086295950; 01212123217  india in the uk (@hci_london) may 23, 20174:40pm: indias external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj says no reports of any indian casualty in the manchester attack so far.
;;-0.4404;;a woman hailing from kerala has been stabbed in kuwait and the indian mission there has taken up the incident with authorities at the highest level, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;-0.4588;;i asked for an immediate report and we have complete details of the unfortunate incident, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.3612;;the informal summit between prime minister narendra modi and chinese president x jinping in wuhan last month saw them developing the kind of rapport that the two leaders can now speak to each other directly on any issue of importance, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said at her annual press conference on monday.
;;0.0772;;the minister spoke out against the order on gilgit-baltistan on may 21 by pakistan prime minister shahid khaqan abbasi through which the national government got authority from the local council to deal with the affairs of the region.
;;-0.1531;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj assured on wednesday a pakistani man of a medical visa so that his two and a half-month-old infant, who is suffering from a heart disease, can be brought to india for treatment.
;;0.0258;;earlier, a man named ravi kumar had also written to swaraj, saying that the infant needs immediate treatment and had sought her intervention in the matter.
;;0.6705;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had recently said both sides should first pull back their troops for any talks to take place, favouring a peaceful resolution of the border standoff.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj: 65-year old swaraj is indias second woman leader to hold the charge of foreign affairs ministry.
;;0.0258;;the matter has been referred to the police for investigation, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted on sunday night.
;;0.0;;the names of uttar pradesh governor ram naik, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and veteran politician murli manohar joshi are reportedly being considered for the presidents position.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj helped a septuagenarian couple from andhra pradesh get passports for their disabled daughters.
;;0.0;;swaraj, who is known to react promptly to sos messages on twitter, responded equally to a petition on change.org, an online platform for social change, and sent the passport officials to the couple for assistance.
;;-0.0516;;union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said all officials of the indian high commission in stockholm were safe after an attack took place on the streets close to the mission.
;;0.6124;;while the pm was scheduled to address the nation on wednesday, he postponed it out of respect for his senior party colleague and former external affairs minister, the late sushmaswaraj swaraj, who was cremated that day.
;;0.0;;home minister rajnath singh will visit mongolia soon, with india drawing up a plan to step up bilateral ties across sectors following the visit of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to ulaanbaatar in the last week of april, officials familiar with the developments said.
;;0.802;;according to the agreed minutes of india-mongolia joint committee, which swaraj co-chaired on april 25, the two countries have agreed to promote the links between ministries and agencies from both sides, including closer ties between their national security councils.
;;0.4588;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday left for a seven-day tour of italy, france, luxembourg and belgium, which is aimed at deepening indias strategic engagement and trade ties with the four european countries.
;;0.6249;;in brussels, swaraj will meet the top leadership of the european union during which both sides are likely to deliberate on removing hurdles for resumption of negotiations on the long-pending eu-india free trade pact.
;;0.0;;in the first leg of her visit, swaraj will travel to italy for the first major political exchange between the two countries after giuseppe conte assumed charge as the italian prime minister.
;;0.0;;swaraj will call on conte and also meet her counterpart enzo moavero milanesi.
;;0.0;;the external affairs minister will then travel on june 18 to france where she will spend two days.
;;0.0;;in paris, swaraj will meet her counterpart jean-yves le drian and the two sides will review bilateral relations.
;;0.0;;swaraj will be in luxembourg from june 19-20 and it will be the first-ever visit there by an indian external affairs minister, the mea said.
;;0.4588;;during her stay, swaraj will be calling on grand duke of luxembourg henri albert gabriel flix marie guillaume and prime minister xavier bettel.
;;0.0;;swaraj will also have meetings with jean asselborn, minister of foreign and european affairs and pierre gramegna, the minister of finance.
;;0.0;;in brussels, she will meet deputy pm and minister of foreign affairs of belgium didier reynders.
;;0.34;;the mea said swaraj will also meet her counterpart, federica mogherini, the high representative of the european union for foreign affairs and security policy, to review the entire gamut of india-eu relations.
;;0.0;;indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in a string of tweets that the government was in touch with us agencies.
;;0.2023;;while india has proposed the date of july 6 for the meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman and secretary of state mike pompeo and secretary of defence jim mattis in washington, the us is still to confirm the date.
;;-0.875;;2) harish salve charged re 1 to fight kulbhushan jadhav case at icj: sushmaswaraj swarajharish salve, who fought indias case at the international court of justice against the death penalty given to kulbhushan jadhav by pakistan, has charged re 1 as fee, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;-0.2023;;#harishsalve has charged us rs. 1/- as his fee for this case, swaraj tweeted.
;;-0.6249;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has asked for a report from the uttar pradesh government about the violence.
;;0.0;;at least six africans were wounded in three separate incidents in chattarpur area of south delhi in may last year, prompting external affairs minister swaraj to take up the issue with home minister rajnath singh.
;;-0.5106;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who during her stay at aiims delhi, communicated with the officials of indian embassy in egypt, who had rejected emans visa application to come to india for treatment.
;;0.3612;;at a dharmasabha in vidisha, the parliamentary constituency of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, vhp vice president hukumchand sawala said, the central government should bring a bill for the ram temple in the parliament like former prime minister pandit jawaharlal nehru did for the somnath temple.
;;-0.6597;;etailer amazon india has written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and expressed regret for the sale of offending tricolour-themed doormats, mea spokesperson tweeted on thursday.
;;-0.4404;;in a series of tweets on wednesday, swaraj had described the doormats as unacceptable after the matter was brought to her notice on twitter.
;;-0.0534;;they must withdraw all products insulting our national flag immediately, tweeted swaraj, one of the most active indian ministers on twitter with nearly 7 million followers.
;;-0.7184;;in a humanitarian gesture, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj assured visa to a pakistani woman who is suffering from cancer for her treatment in india.
;;0.3182;;swaraj conveyed the decision of granting the medical visa to pakistani woman faiza tanveer on twitter.
;;0.8227;;co/jtht2kayoz  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) august 13, 2017earlier, tanveer had requested swaraj to grant her a medical visa and said she should not be denied it as india is about to celebrate the auspicious occasion of its 70th independence day.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had directed the indian high commissioner in pakistan to seek consular access to him.
;;-0.296;;there is no evidence of wrongdoing by kulbhushan jadhav, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told rajya sabha.
;;0.34;;10:58 am ist sushmaswaraj swaraj casts vote external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today cast her vote at a polling booth in np senior secondary school in aurangzeb laneb in delhi.
;;-0.7579;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj condoled the tragic death after she was informed about the incident by the victims brother through twitter seeking her help to bring back the body.
;;0.0;;co/e30chgyeje  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) april 7, 2017police are investigating the case and are now looking for two men caught on surveillance camera leaving the store.
;;0.3818;;a month back, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had assured manvendra singh that the centre will expedite the matter.
;;0.1027;;before his punjab visit, sajjan is scheduled to meet union finance, defence and corporate affairs minister arun jaitley and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, besides other ministers and government officials.
;;-0.6124;;an 18-year-old youth from patiala died in a road accident in australia two days ago and his family has sought the help of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to bring his body home for the last rites.
;;-0.4767;;meanwhile, former mos for external affairs preneet kaur visited the family of vishal in patiala and expressed her condolences to the bereaved family.
;;-0.969;;watch hindustan times facebook live video:here are updates on the incident:12:23am: british pm theresa may says thoughts with those killed, injured and their families in appalling westminster terror attack, afp quotes 10 downing street12:06am: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj says no indian casualties in london terror attack, adds that she is in constant touch with indian high commissionindian high commission is there to help all indian nationals in london.
;;0.0;;the indian high commission has asked the pakistan government for consular access to mumbai man hamid nehal ansari, who is in the custody of the pakistan army, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in a tweet on saturday.
;;0.5106;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj directed the envoy to saudi arabia to rescue 29 indian workers belonging to telangana, after it and nri affairs minister kt rama rao sought her intervention in the case.
;;0.4588;;javed - plz help the indian workers and send a report to me and mr. k t rama rao, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.4019;;co/wl5pjdjef7  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 21, 2017rao wrote a letter to swaraj seeking her help for rescuing 29 migrant workers from telangana held in captivity by a company in saudi arabia.
;;0.0258;;he also gave swaraj with the telephone numbers of shekhar and requested the external affairs minister to take up the matter with the saudi arabia government.
;;0.4585;;indian information technology (it) companies operating in the us are generating jobs and not stealing jobs of the americans, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on thursday.
;;0.7237;;swaraj assured indians that the government was in talks with the us administration to ensure that indians living there are not at loss due to the new h-1b policy.
;;-0.296;;thousands of twitter users backed the call for the boycott, with some tagging indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and urging her to take action against the worlds biggest online retailer.
;;-0.3182;;swaraj at the time threatened to rescind visas of amazon employees if the doormats were not removed from its site.
;;-0.296;;responding to a newspaper report which claimed that lack of money had prevented the remains from being flown to india, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj expressed her displeasure with a tweet to indias high commissioner to canada vikas swarup.
;;0.5043;;please send them to india without delay, swaraj had tweeted on friday.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to her counterpart salahuddin rabbani and indian ambassador in kabul vinay kumar is regularly following it up with the authorities.
;;0.0;;confidentiality is needed for such negotiations to bear fruit, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in a press conference last month.
;;-0.4588;;nepal on tuesday said that a statement made by indias external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on janakpur was unfortunate.
;;-0.296;;regrettable that indias external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj described janakpurs population that narendra modi greeted as indians.
;;0.5719;;union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday accepted punjab chief minister captain amarinder singhs request for opening another passport office in nawanshahr to facilitate nris and their families in doaba, while assuring to look into the issue of blacklisted sikh youth settled abroad.
;;0.0;;the issues came up for discussion when amarinder called on swaraj here.
;;-0.5423;;after amazon withdrew a tri-coloured doormat offensive to indian sensitivities from its canadian platform in the face of warnings by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, the e-commerce major has now also pulled out flip-flops bearing the picture of mahatma gandhi, a senior official said on thursday.
;;0.4215;;we have been in touch with amazon both in washington as well as in delhi and we have had constructive conversations, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said in his media briefing here.
;;-0.2542;;read i not just amazon doormat: websites sell indian flag, emblem as shoe, dog coatsushma swaraj took up the cause on twitter, responding to one of the hundreds of people who petitioned her to demand action from canadian authorities.
;;-0.5423;;amazon then wrote to sushmaswaraj swaraj expressing regrets at hurting indian sensibilities.
;;-0.8658;;no pakistani soldier or civilian died in the air strike on a terror camp at balakot in pakistan in february, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said thursday.
;;-0.9468;;watch: spared pak civilians,soldiers; only target was terror: sushmaswaraj on op balakotthe iaf had struck a jaish-e-mohammad terror training camp in pakistan on february 26, in response to the february 14 pulwama attack in which 40 crpf personnel were killed.
;;0.4019;;india-us ties progressing, engaged with trump govt on h-1b visa issue: swarajexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said india-us ties are progressing under the trump administration as they were during the obama presidency and the pace had not slowed down.
;;0.0258;;addressing a press conference on key initiatives of her ministry in three years of the modi government, swaraj also described the proposed changes in h1b visas as a matter of concern.
;;0.0;;swaraj covered a range of subjects, including china, pakistan and the situation in qatar during the conference.
;;0.4019;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath after an african student tweeted for help.
;;0.0772;;/1  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 28, 2017he has assured that there will be a fair and impartial investigation into this unfortunate incident.
;;0.0772;;/2  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 28, 2017the government is keen to avoid an escalation of situation as has happened in the past.
;;0.34;;minister of state for external affairs mj akbar on tuesday spoke to the acting high commissioner of nigeria and apprised him of the steps being taken for the security of nigerian nationals.
;;-0.0516;;yesterdays incident in greater noida, in which several people of african origin were injured, is deplorable, ministry of external affairs spokesperson gopal baglay said on tuesday.
;;-0.4404;;tuesday, 28 march: sushmaswaraj swaraj, union foreign affairs minister, tweets that she spoke to yogi adityanath, the newly elected up cm, about the racial attacks.
;;0.0772;;/1  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 28, 2017he has assured that there will be a fair and impartial investigation into this unfortunate incident.
;;0.1779;;a few weeks ago, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj publicly berated amazon for selling a doormat with the indian flag on it.
;;-0.6113;;and this is why swaraj has it so wrong.
;;-0.3182;;in august external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the indian workers, who have lost their jobs in saudi arabia, should to file their claims for unpaid dues with their employers and come back home soon and said the government will bear the cost of their return.
;;0.128;;amid protests by indian medical students in bangladesh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on friday that the government is in contact with authorities there and advised students to remain in touch with the mission in dhaka to reach a solution.
;;0.6249;;lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, jharkhand governor draupadi murmu, bihar governor ramnath kovid, social justice minister thawar chand gehlot, i&b minister m venkaiah naidu, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and nominated rajya sabha member narendra jadhav - bjp leaders guess list is just growing.
;;-0.5423;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday sought details from indias high commissioner in pakistan over reports that an indian woman from hyderabad was stranded in the country and was being allegedly harassed by her husband.
;;0.0;;i have asked for a report from indian high commissioner in pakistan, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.4019;;twitter.com/ivsynga7lx @amjedmbt  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 16, 2017her tweet seeking a report from high commissioner gautam bambawale came after amjadullah khan khalid of majlis bachao tehreek (mbt), a political party in telangana, drew her attention to the plight of the woman.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on thursday that the government was following a case with the us police about an indian man who was shot at in california.
;;0.3612;;us officials are believed to have indeed conveyed us willingness to waive these sanctions for s-400s during the inaugural 2+2 meeting in new delhi last september between defence minister nirmala sitharaman and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and their us counterparts.
;;-0.6705;;officials of the indian consulate general in houston are in touch with the wife of srinivas kuchibhotla, an indian engineer who was killed in a shooting incident in kansas state, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on friday.
;;0.5423;;external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar described the meeting as warm and forward looking while chinese envoy to india luo zhaohui said the two leaders focused on the implementation of the wuhan consensus and drawing a blueprint for the future sino-india relations.
;;0.5106;;chinas appreciation of what modi said was conveyed by chinese foreign minister wang yi to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during a meeting held on the sidelines of the brics foreign ministers meeting in south africa this week.
;;0.0516;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on tuesday that she had spoken to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath over a suspected racial attack on african students in greater noida, assuring immediate action on the matter.
;;0.3182;;cm adityanath said he will conduct a fair and impartial investigation into the incident, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.0772;;/1  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 28, 2017he has assured that there will be a fair and impartial investigation into this unfortunate incident.
;;-0.3818;;/2  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 28, 2017she was reacting to the tweet of a foreign student who requested swift action, saying living in the area was becoming a life threatening issue.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said india-us ties are progressing under the trump administration as they were during the obama presidency and the pace had not slowed down.
;;0.0258;;addressing a press conference on key initiatives of her ministry in three years of the modi government, swaraj also described the proposed changes in h1b visas as a matter of concern.
;;-0.4939;;some of the other major points made by swaraj during the press interaction are -- india to raise airspace violation issue with china after chinese choppers flew over chamoli district.
;;0.0;;the prime minister and the external affairs minister have covered all the saarc countries.
;;0.9201;;indiaupdated: aug 07, 2019 01:21 istformer external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who gained widespread praise for using social media to help indians around the world in distress , was once seen as a rising star of the bharatiya janata party (bjp) who went on to fulfil that promise by achieving the highest legislative and executive successes.
;;0.3182;;swaraj, 67, was the daughter of a prominent rashtriya swayamsevak sangh leader and had several achievements in her four-decade-long political career, including becoming haryanas youngest cabinet minister at 25 in 1977 and delhis first woman chief minister in 1998.
;;0.0;;swaraj, however, would say it was her husband swaraj kaushal who should be called a socialist and that her father had been a swayamsevak.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj with punjab cm parkash singh badal and former delhi cm sahib singh verma and union parliamentary affairs minister madan lal khurana at a press conference in 1998.
;;-0.3182;;she also served as the minister for health, family welfare and parliamentary affairs from 2003 to 2004, when the nda lost the election.
;;0.0;;swaraj went on to become external affairs minister, taking the oath of office after only modi and then bjp president rajnath singh.
;;-0.296;;as the external affairs minister, swaraj functioned in an understated manner, with modi steering the foreign policy with an aggression seldom seen before.
;;0.1531;;in this file photo dated oct 3, 2018: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj greets senior bjp leader lal krishna advani, at rashtrapati bhawan in new delhi.
;;0.1027;;swaraj who was on tuesday night admitted to aiims, passed away.
;;-0.7096;;( pti )however, swaraj faced accusations in 2015 of having lobbied on behalf of former indian premier league chief lalit modi after she recommended to the uk government that modi, then a fugitive, could be provided travel documents to visit his wife, who was being treated for cancer in portugal.
;;-0.5719;;her stint as the external affairs minister was affected by poor health and she underwent a kidney transplant in 2016.
;;-0.5106;;7) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, during her stay at aiims delhi, communicated with officials at the indian embassy in egypt who had rejected emans visa application to come to india for treatment.
;;0.5023;;we are not asking them to put pressure on china, but use its good offices, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told a news briefing on monday about how india planned to get into the 48-member group that controls trade in nuclear know-how.
;;0.0;;wherever you go, the indian embassy follows  or so external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj would have you believe.
;;0.8668;;swaraj has earned praise for helping indians abroad who reach out through twitter, but that doesnt stop her from having some fun at work.
;;0.0;;on thursday, when twitter user karan saini wrote a tongue-in-cheek tweet to swaraj, he likely didnt expect to be paid back in the same coin.
;;-0.25;;tagging swaraj, saini wrote: i am stuck on mars, food sent via mangalyaan (987 days ago), is running out, when is mangalyaan-ii being sent ?
;;0.1779;;swaraj was quick to respond: even if you are stuck on the mars, indian embassy there will help you.
;;0.9022;;nirwa mehta (@nirwamehta) june 8, 2017lol, smart answer, contact local embassy :)  sandip nayak (@sandipnayak6) june 8, 2017this is not the first time swaraj has shown that humour is a strong suit in the 65-year-old politicians style of functioning.
;;-0.296;;media - pl avoid the headline : sushmaswaraj skips oath ceremony, she tweeted after the event.
;;0.0;;in january this year, the external affairs minister was irked by a twitter users request.
;;0.4767;;swarajs external affairs ministry recently launched a twitter seva to ensure timely, transparent and large-scale response to citizens tweets in real time.
;;-0.7783;;the magazine recalled how, when around 10,000 indian workers in saudi arabia faced a food crisis earlier this year due to job losses, swaraj tweeted about the issue to six million followers on the social media website.
;;-0.3839;;this is completely not true, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said about trumps claim while announcing the us exit from the paris deal last week.
;;0.2732;;meanwhile, sajjan also met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj as well as the chief ministers of haryana and maharashtra, both bjp-ruled states.
;;0.0;;since the trump administration came to power, ties have not flagged but have progressed with same pace as under the (previous) obama administration, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told media earlier this month.
;;0.5859;;besides prime minister narendra modi, home minister rajnath singh and foreign affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj are prominent among senior bjp leaders known for promoting hindi.
;;-0.8625;;in a written reply to lok sabha, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the talks envisaged between indo-pak foreign secretaries to decide the modalities of the composite bilateral dialogue, agreed during her visit to islamabad in december 2015, could not take place due to the terrorist attack on pathankot airbase in january 2016 and other attacks last year emanating from pakistan.
;;-0.5994;;india has achieved success in getting pakistan isolated even among islamic countries in the aftermath of the terror attacks, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said friday.
;;0.4019;;swaraj was addressing a meeting organised in support of the bjps candidate in the malkajgiri lok sabha constituency, n ramachandra rao.
;;-0.4215;;swaraj recalled how india was invited to the inaugural conference of the oic countries in 1969 but could not attend the proceedings due to pressure put by pakistan.
;;0.0;;she added that india attended the oics 50th anniversary meet in march even though pakistan tried to get swaraj disinvited.
;;-0.765;;harish salve, who fought indias case at the international court of justice against the death penalty given to kulbhushan jadhav by pakistan, has charged re 1 as fee, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;-0.2023;;#harishsalve has charged us rs. 1/- as his fee for this case, swaraj tweeted.
;;-0.1027;;co/eyl3vqscrs  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 15, 2017her tweet came in response to a tweet by one sanjeev goyal, who said india could have got any good lawyer with much less fee than what salve must have charged for fighting the case.
;;0.4767;;pakistan has alleged that jadhav was an agent of indias external intelligence agency research and analysis wing (raw).
;;0.8442;;sherins death attracted the attention of the indian government and the then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took keen interest in the case and also instructed the indian mission in houston to make sure that the indian toddler received justice.
;;0.2023;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and secretary of state rex tillersen spoke on phone and foreign secretary s jaishankar met with the top us diplomat during a visit to the us earlier in march.
;;0.4939;;jaishankar, who was accompanied by commerce secretary rita teotia, also met mcmaster and president trumps top adviser on international economic affairs kenneth juster in the white house, commerce secretary wilbur ross and secretary for homeland security john kelly.
;;0.0258;;he said the sgpc has already taken up the issue with prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to intervene in the matter and to take up it with the italian counterpart.
;;0.6908;;your name will be written in history in letters of gold said a grateful man on twitter after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj stepped in to help get him an urgently needed passport.
;;0.5267;;this is laudable but begs the question as to why it takes the external affairs ministers efforts to clear what should be common and garden issues.
;;0.0;;in the case of indians abroad for whom ms swaraj has intervened repeatedly, the primary responsibility for them vests with the embassies.
;;-0.34;;in the latest case of a brazilian woman who had difficulty registering her marriage to an indian national, that ms swaraj smoothed the path should not obscure the fact that there should be an inquiry into why this was not done in the first place within a stipulated time.
;;0.6666;;it is heartening that ms swaraj is so accessible and ready to help.
;;0.6808;;families of eleven indian nationals, who are in custody of the nepal police for last eight days, have sought the help of the ministry of external affairs (mea) for their safe release and return to india.
;;0.0;;we have written a detailed e-mail to the ministry and also tweeted to union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today.
;;0.0;;the family members will visit the external affairs ministry in new delhi on monday to apprise the officials about the case.
;;0.4767;;the time period will end on tuesday but we are still concerned about the security of our people following which we have approached the ministry of external affairs, he added.
;;0.6124;;india abides by sanctions imposed by the united nations and not those imposed by any other country, such as ones announced by the united states against iran, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on monday.
;;0.9501;;the external affairs minister conveyed that all parties to the agreement should engage constructively for peaceful resolution of the issues that have arisen with respect to the agreement, a statement from the ministry said after swaraj met zarif.
;;0.7845;;zarif briefed swaraj about the the discussions that iran has undertaken with parties to the joint comprehensive plan of action following the us decision to withdraw from the agreement, said the release by the ministrys press release.
;;-0.1695;;swaraj cited an order by the reserve bank of india saying it did not allow trade using cryptocurrency.
;;0.4588;;a grateful india invited grillot to visit, in a message from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj conveyed to him by the indian counsel-general in houston, anupam ray.
;;-0.4404;;her return also showed rare bonhomie between the warring neighbours with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj thanking the pakistani establishment and judiciary.
;;0.1531;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj greets uzma ahmed, who returned from pakistan.
;;-0.4404;;because of my daughter i signed it, they scared me so much that i signed, uzma said at the joint press conference with swaraj.
;;0.4939;;uzma ahmed, who returned from pakistan, hugs her girl ahead of her meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.4939;;uzma ahmed, who returned from pakistan, hugs her mother during a meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj while her brother and her girl look on in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.714;;mamata backs advani as next president but says will back even sushmaswaraj or sumitrabengal chief minister mamata banerjee has said she would be happy to see bjp patriarch lk advani as the next president of india but would not mind if union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj or lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan became the countrys first citizen.
;;0.6486;;the help offered by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to a four-day-old boy having a serious heart ailment has given a ray of hope to the newborns parents who have now decided to shift him to aiims in delhi for medical treatment.
;;0.0;;after consultation, swaraj tweeted last evening that, we contacted the family and got the medical reports through my bhopal office.
;;0.0;;swaraj is mp from vidisha lok sabha seat of madhya pradesh.
;;-0.6705;;sushma swaraj comes to aid of kidnapped indian in serbia, finds it was stagedhailed for coming to the aid of indians in distress abroad, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday discovered that a kidnapped man in serbia who she tried to help had staged his own abduction.
;;-0.5267;;swaraj intervened after she was approached by a netizen who tweeted: @sushmaswaraj please help my brother his life in big trouble somebody kidnap in serbia country and ask him send the money unless we kill him.
;;0.7106;;pakistan is not richest country, but is happiest in region: envoy abdul basitminister of state for external affairs mj akbar on thursday represented the government at the pakistan day celebration in new delhi that was attended by several political leaders and members of the hurriyat conference.
;;0.4767;;the bill was referred to a four-member gom, headed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj last month when it came up for approval before the cabinet.
;;0.0;;it was referred to the gom after swaraj and puri flagged incongruities in the bill, said a senior government official familiar with the development.
;;0.3612;;home minister rajnath singh assured the house that the government would make a detailed statement in the house next week because external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is unwell.
;;-0.5106;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who during her stay at aiims delhi, communicated with the officials of indian embassy in egypt, who had rejected emans visa application to come to india for treatment.
;;0.2023;;2) indian clerics traced to pakistan to reach delhi todayexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said two hazrat nizamuddin dargah clerics, who went missing in pakistan, are safe and will be back in delhi on monday.
;;-0.7579;;women and child development (wcd) minister maneka gandhi last week wrote to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who heads the group, to call another meeting to end the deadlock that threatens to derail the move to help abandoned wives.
;;-0.5423;;the panel also suggested that the external affairs ministry put on its website summons issued to nri men after they fail to respond to the one sent to their address.
;;0.5106;;separated due to visa-related discrepancies from her 11-year-old daughter who is currently under care of temporary guardians in goa, a 42-year-old polish single mother stranded in thailand, has now reached out to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on twitter for help in desperation.
;;0.0258;;in her desperation to unite with the her daughter, who is currently being looked after by the parents of a classmate in north goa, kotlarska has now reached out to sushmaswaraj swaraj for help.
;;-0.0772;;the mother said that sushmaswaraj swaraj is my only hope for now, because the authorities do not seem to be taking note of the fact that i am separated from my daughter, who is all on her own now and i fear for her.
;;0.6808;;banu thanked external affairs ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj for her help.
;;-0.3818;;my daughter has complained about the matter to eam sushmaswaraj swaraj through a letter.
;;0.4767;;i reached hyderabad on may 8 with the help of eam sushmaswaraj swaraj and indian embassy in oman.
;;0.6124;;i would like to thank sushmaswaraj swaraj and indian embassy, she said while speaking to ani.
;;0.0;;thereafter a two pronged channel was opened between foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and wang, and indias nsa ajit doval and yang to take plan forward.
;;-0.743;;read | rohtak apna ghar case: court testimony of victims reveals house of horrorbased on their testimony and other evidence, the judge on april 18 convicted jaswanti devi, her daughter sushmaswaraj alias simmi, son-in-law jai bhagwan, brother jaswant, cousin sheela, driver satish, employee ram prakash saini and counsellor veena on charges of sexual and physical molestation of inmates.
;;0.3182;;the attacks on africans was also reported by the sun news website, which noted that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had promised immediate action after a nigerian student appealed to her for help, saying that living in the noida area had become a life-threatening issue.
;;-0.7579;;in a major mid air scare, an indian air force plane carrying external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, went incommunicado for 14 minutes while approaching mauritius saturday evening prompting her hosts to press the panic button.
;;-0.296;;swaraj was flying from trivandrum to mauritius and had passed male airspace before the plane went missing from radars.
;;0.0;;indian air force flight ifc31 carrying sushmaswaraj swaraj, minister of external affairs departed from trivandrum at 1408 ist for mauritius.
;;0.0;;swaraj had a stopover in mauritius en route to south africa to attend the foreign ministers meeting of brics (brazil, russia, india, china and south africa).
;;0.0;;external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said enhancing the ties between india and mauritius was the focus of the meeting.
;;0.2023;;the indian and us officials said the sale of armed drones could also come up during the two-plus-two dialogue between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman with newly-appointed us secretary of state mike pompeo and secretary of defence jim mattis in washington later this month.
;;-0.4019;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her pakistani counterpart shah mehmood qureshi wednesday sat next to each other during a multilateral meeting here of foreign ministers of the shanghai cooperation organisation, amid strained ties between the two nuclear-armed neighbours.
;;0.0;;swaraj and qureshi attended the meeting of the council of foreign ministers of shanghai cooperation organisation (sco), which was founded at a summit in shanghai in 2001 by the presidents of russia, china, kyrgyz republic, kazakhstan, tajikistan and uzbekistan.
;;0.0;;swaraj arrived here in the kyrgyz capital on tuesday to attend the foreign ministers meeting.
;;-0.7506;;in a late night reaction on monday, the external affairs ministry said it was unfortunate that a criminal act had been described as racial.
;;-0.9153;;responding to the african envoys, the external affairs ministry said it was unfortunate that a criminal act triggered following the untimely death of a young indian student under suspicious circumstances has been termed as xenophobic and racial.
;;-0.7579;;the government condemned the unacceptable attack on some nigerian nationals in greater noida and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had made a detailed statement in parliament.
;;-0.5859;;the external affairs ministry noted a report of an assault on a kenyan national was withdrawn and the concerned national, whose tourist visa had expired, was returning to kenya.
;;-0.7184;;diplomatic ties between india and pakistan plunged following jadhavs conviction, with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj warning islamabad of the consequences of jadhavs death sentence.
;;-0.4019;;addressing leading members of the community on pravasi bharatiya divas in the gandhi hall of the high commission on monday, sinha, who took over recently, recalled the quick response by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to problems raised by indians abroad.
;;-0.4404;;the event included music and a documentary on external affairs ministrys efforts to help indians abroad, including rescuing them from difficult and dangerous situations.
;;0.836;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has earned praise worldwide for the effective use of social media for helping indians abroad.
;;0.0;;on sunday, though, the external affairs minister was irked by a twitter users request.
;;0.0;;swaraj also tagged railway minister suresh prabhu to look into the it professionals request.
;;0.1027;;he chose to describe his situation as banwas or exile, the same word swaraj had used to respond to a man from the us trying to get his wifes passport cleared.
;;0.128;;co/w4cqrytmis  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) 8 january 2017the external affairs ministry has recently launched a twitter seva to enable timely, transparent and large-scale response to citizens tweets in real time.
;;-0.7783;;the magazine recalled how, when around 10,000 indian workers in saudi arabia faced a food crisis earlier this year due to job losses, swaraj tweeted about the issue to six million followers on the social media website.
;;0.3818;;it is a moment of immense happiness for me, said kulwant singh, 60, looking relieved after receiving a call from the external affairs ministry on tuesday morning, informing him about the return of his wife, sukhwant kaur, who was sold and tortured in saudi arabia for five months.
;;0.0;;union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted on tuesday morning that sukhwant, a resident of ajtani village in nurmahal, was returning from saudi arabia on wednesday.
;;-0.296;;kulwant singh talked to vijay p dwivedi, additional personal secretary to swaraj, and requested him to arrange a flight ticket for sukhwants arrival in amritsar as he had no money to go to mumbai.
;;-0.296;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted that she had spoken to odisha chief minister naveen patnaik and said john had gone missing from odishas koraput district, which borders sukma.
;;0.4588;;indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and qureshi are expected attend a two-day meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation beginning tuesday in kyrgyz capital bishkek, though new delhi has ruled out the possibility of a bilateral engagement on the sidelines.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said one of the deceased was an indian national on a visit to us while others were persons of indian origin.
;;0.0;;our consul general in new york is coordinating with the concerned authorities and will keep me informed, sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted.
;;0.0;;it was on gandhis request that the ministry of external affairs had earlier decided to streamline passport norms for single women.
;;0.0258;;the wcd minister took up the matter with foreign affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj after priyanka gupta, a delhi-based single mother, launched an online campaign against the authorities demand that she disclose her estranged husbands name while applying for her daughters passport.
;;-0.6908;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday jumped into the vitriolic battle of words between prime minister narendra modi and west bengal chief miniser mamata banerjee with some advice for the firebrand west bengal leader.
;;0.4767;;swaraj was reacting to a statement by the trinamool congress chief that she would like to give the prime minister a tight slap of democracy.
;;0.5859;;joy also sent a detailed email to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj about the incident.
;;-0.5994;;taking a tough stance on ties with pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said talks and terror cannot go together while articulating strategy of india which was based on three pillars in dealing with that country.
;;0.0;;in may this year, hoshiarpur mla sunder sham arora wrote to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj seeking her intervention in the case.
;;-0.4215;;it, however, hailed the external affairs ministrys efforts to secure the release of the former navy officer, who was sentenced to death by a military court in pakistan on espionage charges.
;;0.6908;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had been had assured us in the very beginning that india would do all it could to save jadhavs life.
;;0.8689;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 18, 2017the shiv sena also praised indian lawyer harish salve, saying the effective manner in which he presented his case led to the verdict in the countrys favour.
;;0.6369;;meanwhile, the indian embassy in saudi arabia has assured all possible help to the family after kulwant made an appeal to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on twitter.
;;0.765;;besides sushmaswaraj swaraj, i have requested the state government to extend its help in bringing my wife back to india safely, kulwant said.
;;-0.296;;10pm: a senior pakistan leader has himself expressed doubts about adequacy of claims in this case, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tells lok sabha12.
;;-0.2732;;07pm: charges against kulbhushan jadhav are concocted, says swaraj in rajya sabha.
;;0.4939;;03pm: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tells rajya sabha the government will go out of the way to save him, calls kulbhushan jadhav a son of india.
;;-0.6908;;this is an act of premeditated murder, says swaraj in rajya sabha.
;;-0.5574;;52am: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj makes a statement in rajya sabha on pakistans death sentence to kulbhushan jadhav.
;;-0.296;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted that she had spoken to odisha chief minister naveen patnaik, and said john had gone missing from odishas koraput district, which borders sukma in chhattisgarh.
;;0.0;;swaraj had also sought a detailed report from chhattisgarh government, which officials submitted on tuesday afternoon.
;;0.0;;the government-run all india radio (air) has received messages from its listeners in pakistan against the move to execute indian national kulbhushan jadhav, an official with the broadcasters external services division claimed on thursday.
;;0.0;;we are getting between 100 to 140 messages daily condemning the decision of the pakistan military court, an official with airs external services division said.
;;0.4019;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said that india will go out of the way to ensure justice to jadhav who is an innocent kidnapped indian and his execution will be taken as a pre-meditated murder.
;;0.5106;;an inter-ministerial panel headed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has cleared a proposal making district magistrates the final authority to clear child adoption cases, in a bid to quicken a process that is often hit by year-long delays, three government officials aware of the development said.
;;-0.0258;;three other accused  jaswantis daughter sushmaswaraj as well as employees sheela and veena  were let off with time served.
;;0.4019;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on monday india placed a higher premium on the safety of its citizens than strategic partnership with the united states, amid a surge in attacks against members of indian diaspora in that country.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj informed her iranian counterpart javad zarif on tuesday that a decision on purchasing iranian oil in the face of us sanctions will be made after the conclusion of indias general election, people familiar with developments said.
;;0.6705;;when zarif raised the purchase of oil from iran, swaraj reiterated indias position that a decision will be made after the general elections while keeping in mind the countrys commercial considerations, energy security and economic interests, the people said.
;;0.8126;;notably, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday made a statement in both the houses of parliament, asserting that india will go out of way to ensure justice to jadhav who is an innocent kidnapped indian.
;;-0.7783;;concerned over the reported killing of an indian fisherman and arrest of many by the sri lankan navy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will meet aggrieved fishermen from tamil nadu, commerce and industry minister nirmala sitharaman has said.
;;0.0;;the fishermens representatives wanted to meet officials of the external affairs ministry.
;;0.0;;but the government has made arrangements for them to meet the external affairs minister herself.
;;0.34;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj welcomed the announcement and tweeted saying this was in recognition of prime ministers stellar role in ushering in a new era of strategic partnership between the two countries.
;;0.0;;a 29-year-old woman, who was deserted by her nri husband, has sought the intervention of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in getting him deported from new zealand.
;;0.4215;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on monday that india will only abide by sanctions by the united nations.
;;0.0;;it comprises several ministers, including external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh, law minister ravi shankar prasad, women and child development (wcd) minister maneka gandhi.
;;0.0;;swaraj, singh, prasad and gandhi attended a meeting of the panel on wednesday.
;;0.128;;after wednesdays meeting, the law, home and external affairs ministries were asked to come up with draft legal amendments to give effect to decisions taken at the meeting.
;;-0.0258;;swaraj and gandhi had suggested that in case an nri who abandons his wife does not own any property, his share of parental property be seized, a fourth official said.
;;0.2263;;the panel also decided to allow the ministry of external affairs to put up summons issued to nri men who have not responded to earlier summons on its website.
;;-0.1027;;the union home ministry has already agreed to amend the code of criminal procedure that will allow notification of summons put up on the website of the ministry of external affairs to be deemed to have been served.
;;-0.5859;;on december 21, minister of state for external affairs vk singh told parliament that indian missions abroad received 3,328 complaints from indian women about marital disputes with their nri spouses since 2015.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi, union ministers rajnath singh and sushmaswaraj swaraj were among those present at the launch of the manifesto at the partys headquarters in new delhi.
;;0.0;;uzma told ali she could get some cash for him from her relatives at the high commission, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told ht.
;;0.0;;a call was made to swaraj, but she was in the midst of a meeting.
;;0.0;;once uzmas credentials were confirmed, embassy officials received an order from swaraj.
;;0.0;;though swaraj wanted uzma back in india immediately, that could not happen.
;;0.7096;;swaraj tweeted her welcome, and television channels relayed the good news across the country.
;;0.6478;;with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj signing a land crossing agreement with myanmar on friday, the bimstec mva becomes all the more important.
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said india would go out of its way to save kulbhushan jadhav, a former navy officer facing death on allegations of spying in pakistan, and appoint good lawyers to get the guilty verdict overturned.
;;-0.2732;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on thursday an impartial probe will be held into the attacks on africans in greater noida after nigeria asked the indian government to ensure the immediate arrest and prosecution of those responsible.
;;0.1531;;responding to concerns expressed in rajya sabha by prominent opposition leaders sharad yadav (jd-u), sitaram yechury (cpi-m) and anand sharma (congress), who were supported by deputy chairman pj kurien, swaraj described the incident as unfortunate and said the centre has sought a report from the state government.
;;0.0;;this was revealed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in a tweet.
;;-0.5994;;india received a report on the shootout incident resulting in the death of its national in us and was coordinating with the investigative agencies, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on saturday.
;;0.0;;/2  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) april 8, 2017jaryal, who worked as a clerk at am-pm gas station in yakima city, was behind the counter when the incident happened.
;;-0.5994;;this resulted in his death, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.296;;/4  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) april 8, 2017our consulate in san francisco is helping the family and following this up with the police authorities, she added.
;;-0.5106;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had condemned the attack directed the indian consulate to render all help to the priest.
;;0.4404;;while railway minister piyush goyal has been camped in varanasi with up health minister sidharth nath singh and power minister shrikant sharma since may 13, wednesday saw external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in kashi for four hours to flag off a large scooter rally (for women) in favour of modi.
;;-0.1027;;on thursday, information and broadcasting minister rajyavardhan rathore arrived in the constituency for door-to-door campaigning and minister of state for external affairs general v k singh is to join the battle on the last day.
;;-0.1027;;bishkek: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her pakistani counterpart shah mehmood qureshi exchanged pleasantries during a sco meeting here on wednesday and sat next to each other during a joint call on on kyrgyz president, amid strained ties between the two nuclear-armed neighbours.
;;0.0;;swaraj and qureshi attended the meeting of the council of foreign ministers (cfm) of shanghai cooperation organisation (sco), which was founded at a summit in shanghai in 2001 by the presidents of russia, china, kyrgyz republic, kazakhstan, tajikistan and uzbekistan.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj delivers her statement at shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) council of foreign ministers in bishkek, kyrgyzstan.
;;0.0;;swaraj arrived here in the kyrgyz capital on tuesday to attend the sco foreign ministers meeting.
;;0.6369;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is known for her prompt response on twitter, on thursday assured two indians, one in the us and another in saudi arabia, of her help.
;;0.6369;;sushma swaraj assured ali, a man who has been seeking the help of the indian embassy in riyadh for the last one year for getting back to india.
;;-0.2263;;co/sqqj0i0zfp  chowkidar sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) april 18, 2019sushma swaraj has proactively helped indians who have sent her distress messages on social media platform like twitter in the past.
;;0.34;;certainly its not sushmaswaraj swaraj who is doing this tweets.
;;0.0;;they are scheduled to meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at 2pm.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/kjher9wkaq  parvez sultan (@theparvezsultan) march 20, 2017on saturday, swaraj had spoken to pakistan prime ministers adviser on foreign affairs, sartaj aziz, regarding the case.
;;0.0;;on sunday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to them.
;;-0.7783;;sushma swaraj assures visa to pakistani woman suffering from cancerin a humanitarian gesture, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj assured visa to a pakistani woman who is suffering from cancer for her treatment in india.
;;0.3182;;swaraj conveyed the decision of granting the medical visa to pakistani woman faiza tanveer on twitter.
;;0.8227;;earlier, tanveer had requested swaraj to grant her a medical visa and said she should not be denied it as india is about to celebrate the auspicious occasion of its 70th independence day.
;;0.0;;cricketupdated: aug 07, 2019 12:03 istindian cricket captain virat kohli on wednesday paid tributes to senior bjp leader and former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who passed away at the age of 67 on wednesday night.
;;-0.6808;;swaraj, who was indias first full-time woman foreign minister (indira gandhi held additional charge of the ministry when she was prime minister) suffered the cardiac arrest late in the evening and was immediately taken to the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims).
;;0.4767;;also read: beyond aggrieved: sports fraternity pays tributes to sushmaswaraj swarajthe bharatiya janata partys working president jp nadda said the body of sushmaswaraj swaraj will be kept for three hours at the bjp headquarters on wednesday for party workers and leaders to pay tributes.
;;0.0;;several union ministers and other senior bjp leaders had visited aiims to meet the family of the former external affairs minister.
;;0.7269;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs personal engagement with people on twitter addressing their concerns is among the primary reasons for her popularity on the social media platform, an analysis of tweets by 10 randomly selected ministers of the three-year-old narendra modi government has shown.
;;0.4588;;twitter activity by the ministers and ministries of external affairs, finance, railways, environment, urban development, health and family welfare, communication, agriculture, tourism and power were examined under the study titled citizen engagement with indian ministries through twitter.
;;0.0;;the study noted swaraj took office in may 2014 and her following soared to 7.
;;0.0;;71 million (at the time of research) and the ministry of external affairs (@meaindia), which joined twitter in december 2011, had only 1.
;;0.0;;as against 5000 tweets by swaraj, the mea had tweeted 14,200 times during the same period.
;;0.4404;;on may 30, swaraj tweeted: thanks for bringing this to my notice.
;;0.7184;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj recently said both sides should first pull back their troops for any talks to take place, and favoured a peaceful resolution of the border standoff.
;;0.6808;;padma shri dr mukut minz, who performed the complicated kidney transplant operation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) in delhi, thanked her for trusting an indian doctor and a government-run hospital for the surgery.
;;0.8055;;read more: swaraj undergoes successful kidney transplant at aiimsmany indian politicians go abroad for medical care.
;;0.0258;;talking to the media for the first time since getting the award, dr. minz said that there was no added pressure on him while operating the external affairs minister.
;;0.34;;karunanayake  who is in india on a two-day visit  met prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and national security advisor ajit doval.
;;0.0258;;in a series of tweets, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the matter had been taken up with the pakistan government, which had been asked to give an update on the whereabouts of the clerics.
;;0.0;;we need to verify the action pakistan has taken on the basis of the statement they made on wednesday, sources said after a meeting between prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.3291;;bengal chief minister mamata banerjee has said she would be happy to see bjp patriarch lk advani as the next president of india but would not mind if union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj or lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan became the countrys first citizen.
;;0.3182;;self-professed sushmaswaraj fan left outjamal haider,52, ward: abu fazal enclavejamal haider had offered to donate his kidney to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(burhaan kinu/ht photo)i have two gods, one above and sushmaji below, said jamal haider who had offered to donate his kidney to sushmaswaraj swaraj when she was in aiims.
;;0.4019;;a party worker since 1988, haider was one of the first to write to aiims offering to donate his kidney to the union external affairs minister last year.
;;0.9062;;when ht met him on tuesday, haider was confident of a win and thanked swaraj for giving a ticket.
;;0.4019;;in his resume submitted to the party office, the last line read: was the first to offer kidney to sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.5719;;a man responsible for the killing of a 26-year-old indian man in santa clara county of california last week has been arrested, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on monday and assured all assistance to the family of the deceased.
;;-0.5267;;in the latest, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought a report from the indian high commission in islamabad on nanak singh, who has had no contact with the family since that day when he went missing while on a trip to their fields.
;;0.5859;;we are happy now that minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has taken up the matter.
;;0.0258;;india evacuated its entire contingent of peacekeeping forces comprising of 15 crpf personnel from tripoli after the situation there suddenly worsened, according to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;#libya, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.4588;;the crpf contingent is deployed as the peacekeeping force in tripoli, swaraj outlined.
;;-0.6369;;miffed at that, and at rude behaviour there, she tweeted a complaint to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.6486;;swaraj directed indias high commissioner in ottawa vikas swarup to address the matter, while tweeting back to singh: let me see what best can we do for you.
;;-0.4509;;then to swaraj: just a kind note to make you aware that the consulate of india in toronto is extremely difficult and unprofessional.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, as indian officials scramble to deal with the visa affair, she may have lived up to the title of that book, how to be a bawse: a guide to conquering life.
;;0.7579;;after the indian flag incident, e-commerce retailer amazon has been conveyed that while providing a platform for third party vendors, they should respect indian sensitivities and sentiments, the external affairs ministry said.
;;-0.4767;;last week, after she received a complaint about amazon canada selling doormats depicting indian flag on its site, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj reacted sharply and asked the e-retailer to withdraw the products and tender an unconditional apology, failing which no official of amazon will be granted indian visa and the ones issued earlier will also be rescinded.
;;-0.8126;;following the stern message, amazon expressed regret for offending indian sentiments and informed swaraj about removal of the offensive product from its canadian website.
;;-0.5994;;earlier jeevas wife vegiben had urged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to find out the exact cause of his death.
;;0.7184;;taking strong objection to rahul gandhis remarks on the treatment meted out to bjp veteran l k advani by the party, senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday asked the congress president to maintain some decorum in his comments.
;;0.5106;;taking strong objection to gandhis remarks, swaraj tweeted: rahulji - advani ji is our father figure.
;;0.8481;;we welcome president trumps determination to enhance efforts to overcome the challenges facing afghanistan and confronting issues of safe havens and other forms of cross-border support enjoyed by terrorists, the external affairs ministry said in a statement.
;;0.0;;tillerson spoke to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, pakistans prime minister shahid khaqan abbasi and foreign minister of afghanistan salahuddin rabbani.
;;-0.5423;;the peoples liberation army (pla) on tuesday dismissed new delhis concerns over its military helicopters violating the indian air space, hours after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the incident would be raised with chinese authorities.
;;-0.2732;;days after hindustan times reported about amazon canada offering indian flag-themed doormats, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj lashed out at the e-tailer on wednesday and threatened to rescind visas of officials of the e-commerce giant if it did not offer an unconditional apology.
;;-0.4404;;in a series of tweets, swaraj described the doormats as unacceptable after the matter was brought to her notice on twitter.
;;-0.0534;;they must withdraw all products insulting our national flag immediately, tweeted swaraj, one of the most active indian ministers on twitter with nearly 7 million followers.
;;-0.2263;;even before swaraj took up the matter, amazons canadian site had removed listings for the doormats after a series of protests by people from india and of indian-origin.
;;0.296;;recently the ministry of external affairs (mea) had to step in to rescue 24 indians held captive by a company in saudi arabia over salary disputes.
;;0.4215;;the matter was brought to the notice of the mea after odisha chief minister naveen patnaik sought the help of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.2023;;last month a woman from hyderabad who was reportedly sold and tortured in saudi arabia was rescued after ms swaraj intervened.
;;0.6705;;in many cases ms swaraj has personally intervened to ensure the safe return of these nris.
;;0.6369;;8) indian doctor abducted in libya rescued after 18 monthsexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday night said doctor ramamurthy kosanam, an indian who was kidnapped in libya 18 months ago, has been rescued.
;;0.0;;before he leaves for lucknow this afternoon, adityanath is also expected to meet home minister rajnath singh and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4404;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will hold key talks with her chinese counterpart wang yi on sunday evening in beijing as the two countries continue efforts to improve bilateral ties in the aftermath of a military standoff near the sikkim border last year.
;;0.1027;;swaraj, who reached beijing on saturday night, is here to attend the shanghai cooperation organisations (sco) foreign ministers meet on tuesday, in the run-up to the blocs summit in june.
;;0.0;;swaraj and wang will lay the groundwork for the sco summit in june, to be attended by pm narendra modi in the coastal city of qingdao.
;;0.7227;;but once the pressure from the indian government mounted  including a call that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made to pakistans foreign policy chief sartaj aziz, who was in london  the clerics were freed by the pakistani intelligence, at least two sources familiar with the matter said.
;;0.1779;;the movement was put in motion only after dr lakdawala tweeted external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who in turn resolved the issue in two days, said a doctor from saifee, part of the team monitoring abdellatif.
;;0.4019;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj intervened on saturday to help some 15 indians stranded near everest after some of them tweeted about their plight to her.
;;-0.4767;;currently stranded in lukla since two days, nepal, with copter company looters refusing to evacuate us to kathmandu unless we pay 600 dollars per head, amit thadhani, a practising surgeon said in a tweet addressed to the external affairs ministers twitter handle, adding, we paid 200 dollars per head fare from kathmandu to lukla.
;;0.0772;;swaraj forwarded thadhanis tweet to the indian embassy in nepal, saying manjeev - pls see this, referring to the indian envoy manjeev singh puri.
;;-0.0772;;india is ready for talks with pakistan if it stops supporting terrorists, said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday.
;;-0.5267;;terror and talks dont go together, said swaraj in delhi at a press conference.
;;0.0;;only thing thing i felt while reading their answer was, 'look who's talking': eam swaraj.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj held talks with her kyrgyzstan counterpart, chingiz aidarbekov, in bishkek on tuesday ahead of a meeting of the council of foreign ministers of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco).
;;0.1027;;swaraj and aidarbekov held productive discussions on all aspects of bilateral relations, including political and defence ties, trade and investment and people-to-people ties, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
;;0.0;;during her two-day visit to the kyrgyz capital, swaraj will also call on president sooronbay zheenbekov and hold several bilateral meetings.
;;0.0;;he visited india for two days in january and met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.926;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has spoken to india ambassador in the us navtej s sarna in the wake reports of killing of a sikh man in a suspected hate crime in that country.
;;-0.3089;;external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj did not express support for the bri the joint communique released after the foreign ministers meeting.
;;0.0;;in new delhi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the government was ascertaining the impact of the spat on indians.
;;-0.2023;;the united states has responded positively to indias concerns over a string of recent race attacks, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told parliament on wednesday, describing such violence as stray incidents that did not reflect the sentiment of most americans.
;;-0.1027;;swaraj also rebuffed charges by congress leader mallikarjun kharge and cpi(m)s md salim of governments inaction and said every possible help was given to srinivas family.
;;-0.6486;;she revealed that after garmin employee kuchibhotla was shot dead by a former us soldier in kansas, prime minister narendra modi asked her every day what mea (ministry of external affairs) is doing and what it plans to do in future.
;;0.6249;;mohammad javad zarif, irans foreign minister, will hold discussions with his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday as the two countries look at the fallout of the united states pulling out of a nuclear deal with tehran and a fresh round of sanctions against the country, officials said.
;;0.2732;;though zarifs meeting with swaraj is slated for 6:30pm, he is likely to meet other indian officials as well.
;;-0.8957;;an indian student, who was allegedly brutally assaulted in poland and was reported to have died, has survived the attack, according to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.5859;;swaraj spoke to the indian ambassador to poland ajay bisaria on friday regarding the assault on an indian student in poznan city whose name was not disclosed.
;;-0.4588;;co/uo9hj171ab  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 31, 2017bisaria had earlier tweeted, prelim enquiry suggests student attacked in poznan tram on wed.
;;0.25;;the last official dialogue between the two countries was held in december 2015 when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj travelled to islamabad and the two sides decided to resume comprehensive talks.
;;-0.296;;following his disappearance, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted she had spoken to odisha chief minister naveen patnaik, and said john had gone missing from odishas koraput district, which borders sukma in chhattisgarh.
;;0.0;;swaraj had also sought a detailed report from chhattisgarh government and state officials submitted it on tuesday afternoon.
;;0.4215;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday night said doctor ramamurthy kosanam, an indian who was kidnapped in libya 18 months ago, has been rescued .
;;-0.128;;read: two indians detained in war-torn libya, says foreign ministrylauding the mission, swaraj took to her twitter handle to share that with the rescue of dr kosanam, they have found out all the six indian abducted.
;;-0.5574;;hailed for coming to the aid of indians in distress abroad, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday discovered that a kidnapped man in serbia who she tried to help had staged his own abduction.
;;-0.5267;;swaraj intervened after she was approached by a netizen who tweeted: @sushmaswaraj please help my brother his life in big trouble somebody kidnap in serbia country and ask him send the money unless we kill him.
;;0.4404;;swaraj later tweeted, vinay mahajan has been found and is in safe custody of serbian authorities.
;;0.0;;in a series of tweets, swaraj confirmed that the man was found in the custody of serbian police.
;;0.3182;;in response to the original sos, swaraj posted: rajiv - i have all the facts before me.
;;-0.6908;;diplomatic ties between india and pakistan plunged following jadhavs sentence, with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj warning islamabad of consequences if jadhavs death sentence was carried out.
;;-0.2732;;lalitgatethe congress demanded the resignation of rajasthan cm vasundhara raje and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for allegedly helping former cricket administrator lalit modi obtain travel documents and leave england.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her chinese counterpart wang yi will head a new mechanism to oversee people-to-people contacts, and will soon meet to discuss details.
;;-0.3182;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on thursday she was surprised and pained at the charge by some african nations that india is a xenophobic country after multiple attacks on nigerian students in greater noida in uttar pradesh last month.
;;-0.7579;;swaraj reiterated in the lok sabha that the attack on the foreign nationals was a criminal act and one should not jump the guns to call it racial.
;;-0.1877;;the new us administration under president donald trump has so far not announced any comprehensive policy changes impacting high-skill visa programmes, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said.
;;-0.7615;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, after a series of such incidents last year, had told the rajya sabha, these were not any kind of racial attacks but spontaneous and criminal.
;;0.0;;jharkhand governor draupadi murmu, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, urban development minister m venkaiah naidu, and a few others are seen as contenders from the ruling side.
;;0.5106;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday assured a pakistani man medical visa for his father provided the case was recommended by the countrys adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz.
;;-0.4019;;co/zzvqjafigy  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) june 4, 2017only a letter of recommendation by pakistan foreign affairs advisor sartaj aziz will enable a pakistani national to get a medical visa for india, the external affairs ministry had said recently, a condition reflective of the strained ties between the two neighbours.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj addressed an annual press conference of her ministry in new delhi on monday, and spoke on a range of issues.
;;0.4019;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs two-day visit to israel from january 17 is expected to give a boost to burgeoning cooperation in areas as diverse as counter-terrorism and water management.
;;-0.296;;israel is rolling out the red carpet for swaraj, who is no stranger to the country.
;;0.2263;;the purchase of s-400 system will be up for discussion at the two-plus-two dialogue between indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman with their us counterparts secretary of state mike pompeo and secretary of defense jim mattis on july 6 at washington.
;;0.0258;;in a series of tweets, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the matter had been taken up with the pakistan government, which had been asked to give an update on the whereabouts of the clerics.
;;-0.5574;;20 pm: indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweets that all embassy officials are safe after the terror attack.
;;0.0772;;@indiainsweden  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) april 7, 2017urgent mobile number: 0768982764 (counsellor), 0734262097 (first secretary & hoc)]  india in sweden (@indiainsweden) april 7, 201711.
;;0.0258;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the indian government has taken up the matter with pakistan.
;;0.3818;;his son, amrik, has now asked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to ensure that he is released at the earliest.
;;-0.296;;the death sentence awarded to jadhav has shaken us, amrik said in a letter to swaraj.
;;0.0;;amrik said he would meet swaraj on monday.
;;-0.7184;;diplomatic ties between india and pakistan plunged following jadhavs conviction, with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj warning islamabad of consequences if jadhavs death sentence was carried out.
;;0.4404;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to her us counterpart mike pompeo on saturday about flexibility in us sanctions on iranian oil imports but americas top diplomat was non-committal, people familiar with developments said.
;;0.5267;;swaraj explained indias political and economic conditions to pompeo and sought some relaxation as making immediate arrangements for 23.
;;-0.508;;however, pompeo did not make any commitment and told swaraj the matter was no longer handled at his level as a decision had been made by the us administration to strictly enforce sanctions, the people added.
;;0.0;;sources in the ministry of external affairs indicated the visit could take place somewhere around june.
;;0.0;;he also cited the visit of president pranab mukherjee to israel in october, 2015, followed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs visit to the jewish nation early last year.
;;-0.296;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday spoke to one of the two clerics of delhis hazrat nizamuddin dargah, who traced to karachi after reportedly they went missing in pakistan.
;;0.0;;#nizamuddin  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 19, 2017syed asif nizami, the head priest (sajjadanashin) of hazrat nizamuddin aulia dargah, and his nephew nazim nizami -- had gone to pakistan on march 8 and were supposed to return to india on march 20.
;;0.0;;on saturday, swaraj had spoken to pakistan prime ministers adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz regarding the case.
;;0.0258;;following the incident, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted that she had sought a report about the matter.
;;0.4019;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is particular about the use of words in public domain, also tweeted on the controversy, tagging the tweet to the women mps of the samajwadi party  dimple yadav and jaya bachchan.
;;-0.1531;;interestingly, while swaraj sought a response from mulayam, abhijat mishra, national general secretary of the bjps youth wing shot off an angry response targeting khans wife tazeen fatima, who is a rajya sabha member.
;;0.0;;naidu said he spoke regarding the incident to his cabinet colleague and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who gave appropriate directions to the indian high commission.
;;0.0;;the moment i came to know about the incident i spoke to sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.25;;close on the heels of the indian flag incident, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has now received several complaints of amazon selling flip-flops with mahatma gandhis image.
;;-0.0258;;some twitter users have tagged swaraj in their tweets complaining that the beach sandals with gandhis image were being sold on the amazon us site.
;;-0.4767;;earlier this week, after she received a complaint about amazon canada selling doormats depicting indian flag on its site, swaraj reacted sharply and asked the e-retailer to withdraw the products and tender an unconditional apology, failing which no official of amazon will be granted indian visa and the ones issued earlier will also be rescinded.
;;-0.8126;;following the stern message, amazon expressed regret for offending indian sentiments and informed swaraj about removal of the offensive product from its canadian website.
;;0.5859;;in the wake of mahatma gandhi flip-flops being sold on amazon website, the ministry of external affairs on saturday said the company should respect indian sensitiveness and sentiments.
