;;0.6705;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has discussed with south african president cyril ramaphosa enhanced engagement between the two countries and greater cooperation in areas of skill development, agriculture and information technology.
;;0.2023;;swaraj arrived here yesterday on a five-day visit during which she will attend meetings of brics (brazil, russia, india, china and south africa) and ibsa (india, brazil, south africa) -- the two major groupings where india has been playing a key role.
;;0.3818;;swaraj met ramaphosa who recalled his meeting with prime minister narendra modi at the commonwealth summit in london and conveyed his commitment to take the bilateral relations to the next level, according to a statement by the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.5859;;swaraj conveyed her felicitations on his assumption of office as president and mentioned that the year 2018 was of special significance for both india and south africa since they both were commemorating the 25th anniversary of diplomatic relations, the 100th birth anniversary of the iconic leader nelson mandela and the 125th anniversary of the pietermaritzburg incident of mahatma gandhi.
;;0.0;;swaraj will also attend a series of events marking the 125th anniversary of the historic incident.
;;0.0;;during the visit, swaraj will participate in the brics (brazil, russia, india, china and south africa) foreign ministers' meeting today which is expected to lay the foundation for the annual summit of the grouping in johannesburg next month.
;;0.0;;the opposition mps said they wanted minister of state for external affairs v.k. singh out of the government for making derogatory comments against dalits.
;;0.2023;;modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and minority affairs minister najma heptullah looked on from the front rows of the treasury benches.
;;0.0772;;indian warship makes port call in israelnew delhi, aug 20, 2015, dhns: 1:11 istafter four years, an indian naval warship ins trikand has made a port call in israel on wednesday seeking to boost the bilateral cooperation in military affairs.
;;0.0;;to prepare the ground, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will fly down to israel next month.
;;0.0;;in may, swaraj stated that narendra modi would be the first indian prime minister to travel to israel, but that won't change india's policies towards palestine.
;;0.0;;kerala chief minister oommen chandy on monday spoke to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and told her about the nurses' situation.
;;0.6808;;despite the bjp karnataka unit giving green signal to fielding sriramulu from bellary, a close friend of the reddy brothers, senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj openly opposed his re-entry.
;;0.5267;;chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunying's comments came a day after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that india is engaging with moscow and making efforts to convince beijing on the issue.
;;-0.34;;on the concerns expressed by swaraj on china's belt and road initiative (bri) in which usd 50 billion china-pakistan economic corridor (cpec) is a part, hua said, we also stressed many times that the kashmir issue is one left behind by history between india and pakistan and should be addressed properly through negotiation.
;;-0.5267;;last updated: 28 may, 2011hubli, may 27 (pti) 14:11 istreacting to the raging controversy triggered by comments on reddy brothers,karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa said on friday that bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj did not influence the induction of reddy brothers into the ministry in karnataka.
;;0.0772;;sushma swaraj had refuted charges that she was a protector of the mining barons bellary brothers and played a role in their induction into the karnataka cabinet.
;;0.4939;;the bellary brothers, janardhan, karunakar and somashekhar reddy, are said to be close to swaraj and reportedly enjoy her patronage.
;;0.4767;;the proximity between swaraj and reddy brothers- who say they respect her as a family elder- has been since the former contested against congress president sonia gandhi from bellary in 1999.
;;-0.1531;;however, swaraj denied that she was responsible for induction of the bellary brothers, who are known detractors of chief minister b s yeddyurappa, into the state cabinet.
;;0.0;;swaraj, in fact, maintained that she was opposed to the reddy brothers becoming cabinet ministers.
;;0.0;;however, swaraj accepted that when there was a rebellion in karnataka bjp in 2009 and the government was on the verge of falling, she did talk to the reddy brothers to placate them.
;;-0.4215;;sushma swaraj reacts angrily to twitter insinuationnew delhi, june 17, 2015 (ians) 13:51 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday reacted angrily to a tweet suggesting she took favours to get her daughter a seat in a medical college through the northeast quota.
;;0.5093;;the twitter handle 'soch @pakoed' had insinuated that sushmaswaraj is no stranger to taking and giving favours!
;;0.0;;on monday too, sushmaswaraj appears to have lost her cool, targeting a senior journalist of a news channel that was reporting on the lalit modi episode.
;;-0.6486;;ls proceedings washed out on opening daynew delhi, jul 22, 2015, (pti) 18:13 istparliament today saw a washout as the opposition aggressively pressed for ouster of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, as also madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, rejecting the government's offer for a debate.
;;0.2732;;both houses saw strong demands for resignation of swaraj and raje for their dealings with lalit modi, former ipl chairman who is being investigated by ed in an alleged money laundering case.
;;0.3374;;in the upper house, as soon as obituary references were made, several opposition parties, including the congress, bsp and the left, insisted that no debate was possible without the resignation of swaraj, raje and chouhan.
;;-0.1779;;defending swaraj, leader of the house and finance minister arun jaitley asked the opposition to point out one provision of the law which she has violated in allegedly trying to help lalit modi.
;;0.3818;;he added, if they want to discuss the issue relating to sushmaswaraj swaraj, please start the discussion right now.
;;0.8126;;the placards read 'bade modi meherban, to chhote modi pehelwan' (a hindi idiom meaning that a small person is strong if supported by a powerful person) and 'pm chuppi todo' (pm, break your silence), modi ji 56 inch dikhao, sushmaswaraj , raje ko turant hatao (show your 56 inch chest by removing swaraj and raje).
;;0.0;;swaraj was sitting in the front row along with home minister rajnath singh and transport minister nitin gadkari.
;;0.0;;she called on the prime minister on friday and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday.
;;-0.3612;;sartaj aziz, advisor on foreign affairs to pakistans prime minister m nawaz sharif, told an indian tv channel that the jem chief had been in detention since january 14.
;;0.0;;azizs comment came at a time, when new delhi and islamabad are exploring possibilities of a meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and him in kathmandu on the sideline of a saarc meet in the middle of march.
;;0.3612;;india will not adhere to the unilateral sanctions imposed by the united states on iran, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj indicated on monday just hours before a meeting with her iranian counterpart javad zarif.
;;0.0572;;we abide by un sanctions, not sanctions imposed by any individual country, the external affairs minister said while addressing a news conference.
;;0.0;;sushma later met zarif, who arrived in new delhi early on monday for a brief visit.
;;0.6705;;they positively assessed the implementation of decisions taken during the visit of iranian president rouhani to india, including bilateral cooperation in the areas of connectivity, energy, trade and promotion of people-to-people contacts, the ministry of external affairs said.
;;0.128;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and raje have been facing flak for helping modi procure travel documents in the uk, a country which he has made his home to avoid legal processes in india.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj earlier on sunday tweeted that the government has prioritised the evacuation of the team.
;;0.6249;;nsa meets sushmaswaraj , jaitleynew delhi, jan 15 , 2013 (ians) 11:26 istnational security advisor shivshankar menon tuesday met bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley to brief them on developments along the line of control (loc).
;;0.0;;on monday evening, prime minister manmohan singh had called sushmaswaraj swaraj, the leader of opposition in the lok sabha, and jaitley, the leader of opposition in the rajya sabha, to discuss the situation along the loc.
;;-0.4588;;lambasting the government, scindia attacked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, tribal affairs minister jual oram and irani for emphasising that vemula was not a dalit.
;;-0.7783;;congress has been demanding the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in the wake of the lalit modi controversy and that of the madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chauhan over the vyapam scam in his state.
;;-0.5267;;now, rajnath denounces trump's remark on paris pactdh news service, new delhi, jun 7 2017, 1:28 istsingh expressed shock over trump's statement just a day after sushmaswaraj dismissed us president's charges that india had received billions of dollars in return for signing the paris agreement.
;;0.2023;;home minister rajnath singh on tuesday followed external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to denounce us president donald trumps recent statement on withdrawing from the 2015 paris agreement on climate change.
;;-0.128;;singh expressed shock over trumps statement just a day after sushmaswaraj dismissed us presidents charges that india had received billions of dollars in return for signing the paris agreement.
;;-0.5106;;sushma rejected trumps allegations while addressing reporters at the ministry of external affairs in new delhi.
;;0.5719;;with regard to the issue of nepal, he said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj gave an excellent response yesterday.
;;0.4588;;we should not try to politicitise such larger issues concerning the national interest, that too issues of external relations.
;;-0.25;;as the speaker moved on to take up the question hour, the congress members including jyotraditya scindia, wearing black bands on their arms and holding placards, rushed to the well, demanding resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;-0.6124;;congress member pramod tiwari sought to know if sushmaswaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje had resigned, prompting sharp attacks from the treasury benches who demanded that a discussion be immediately taken up on the issue.
;;0.4404;;it really depends on the external and home ministries whether a particular person would be let off freely.
;;0.0516;;sartaj aziz, advisor on foreign affairs to prime minister nawaz sharif has admitted that there was little evidence to convict but other things, he says, add up to prove jadhavs involvement.
;;-0.5106;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has warned that if the sentence to jadhav was carried out, it would be an unfriendly act.
;;0.6597;;the senior congress leader also asked the ruling party to explain the reference to 'asteen ka saanp' in a tweet by bjp mp kirti azad which came as the row erupted over help offered by foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to scam-tainted former ipl chief lalit modi.
;;0.4019;;he said that he had great regard for swaraj, but added that when it comes to matters of state, it is the decisions that a minister takes for which he or she is accountable to the people.
;;-0.1779;;azad, the former cricketer-turned-bjp mp, had yesterday made a reference to an 'asteen ka saanp' in a tweet while also claiming at the same time that there was a conspiracy by a party insider and a media personality to target swaraj.
;;0.0258;;meanwhile, union environment minister prakash javadekar today said that the matter had ended after the external affairs minister offered a clarification.
;;0.0;;india seeks nepali citizen's postmortem findingsnew delhi, mar 11, 2017, dhns 0:44 istgopal baglay, official spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs.
;;-0.7331;;following reports of the death of a nepali national yesterday (thursday) at the india-nepal border, reportedly in a firing incident, the ssb has initiated an enquiry on this matter, gopal baglay, official spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs, said on friday.
;;0.0;;deep kumar upadhyay, kathmandus envoy to new delhi, met sudhakar dalela joint secretary (north) at ministry of external affairs.
;;-0.8074;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, also received a call from bimalendra nidhi deputy prime minister and home minister of nepal, who lodged a protest over the death of govinda gautam, a resident of kanchanpur district of nepal, reportedly due to firing by ssb soldiers.
;;0.0;;swaraj arrives in nepal to attend donors' conferencekathmandu, june 24, 2015, (pti) 18:05 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today arrived here on a two-day visit to nepal to attend an international donors' conference where she is likely to announce a major financial package by india for reconstruction of the quake-hit nation.
;;0.0;;however, modi decided to nominate swaraj for icnr.
;;0.4019;;in a letter to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, chief minister oommen chandy, while seeking help for the release of the stranded persons, also handed over the name and passport details of malayalee nurses stranded in benghazi and other places in libya.
;;0.6369;;indians taken hostage by isis in mosul are alive: swarajnew delhi, feb 7, 2016 (pti) 21:04 istthe 39 indians taken hostage by isis more than one-and-a-half-years ago from mosul in iraq were alive, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told their families here today, based on her recent meetings with arab and palestinian leaders who indicated to this effect.
;;0.5046;;swaraj, who had sought a meeting with the families which is the ninth since the abduction of these indians in june 2014, also assured them that the government was fully and continuously engaged and every possible effort was being made to ensure their release.
;;0.0;;swaraj had travelled to palestine and israel on january 17 and 18.
;;0.0;;as a part of the ground preparation, french foreign minister laurent fabius would be meeting his counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday, french officials said.
;;0.0;;ministry of external affairs spokesperson syed akbaruddin also confirmed a reciprocal visit by german chancellor angela merkel later this year, though dates were yet to be firmed up.
;;0.2023;;pm visit, yatra top sushma's agendabeijing, jan 31, 2015, pti: 1:41 istminister, xi to discuss bilateral issuesexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj arrived here on saturday on a four-day visit to china.
;;0.0;;during the trip, which comes within a week of us president barack obamas three-day visit to new delhi, swaraj will discuss bilateral, regional and global issues of concern to both sides with her chinese counterpart wang yi, the ministry of external affairs (mea) had said in new delhi on friday.
;;0.4767;;during her stay here, swaraj will also speak at the india-china media forum, interact with the indian community of beijing (icb) and inaugurate the visit india year, aimed at attracting more chinese tourists to india.
;;0.0516;;india is also unlikely to join the us, japan and australia for any major diplomatic initiative within the four-nation framework, let alone elevating it to the level of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her counterparts, sources told dh.
;;0.0;;senior officials of the ministry of external affairs had represented india in the inaugural quad meeting at manila in november 2017 with their counterparts from the us, japan and australia.
;;0.7506;;the new mechanism for bilateral engagement at the level of top diplomats is being finally launched almost six months after it was agreed upon by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chinas foreign minister wang yi in august last year.
;;0.0;;they will try to take a holistic view of india-china relations and explore how both sides can accommodate each others concerns, vikas swarup, spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs, said in new delhi.
;;0.0;;although suresh prabhu took over as the new commerce minister in september, india's foreign trade strategy and policy is currently being steered by the prime minister's office and the external affairs ministry.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj started 2018 with official visits to thailand, indonesia and singapore.
;;-0.8957;;new delhi, mar 31, 2017 (pti) 23:51 istan indian student, who was allegedly brutally assaulted in poland and was claimed to have died, has survived the attack, according to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.8658;;swaraj sought a report from the envoy after she was approached by a netizen who informed her about a news item in polish media regarding the death of an indian student after being severely beaten up.
;;-0.4404;;lalitgate is fallout of sushma-jaitley tussle: digvijay singhbhopal, aug 18, 2015, (pti) 22:42 istcongress general secretary digvijay singh today said the lalitgate scandal was the fallout of a tussle between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and union finance minister arun jaitley.
;;-0.4404;;the lalitgate scandal is a fallout of a tussle between sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, singh told reporters here.
;;0.0;;jaitley has never defended lalit modi, singh said, to prove that it was a tussle between sushmaswaraj and jaitley.
;;-0.1779;;chennai, jun 16, 2015 (pti) 13:07 isthitting back at congress over the lalit modi travel documents row, bjp today said the opposition party was frustrated and had shown its complete bankruptcy by using a non-issue to target external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;referring to congress releasing photos showing lalit modi with swaraj besides prime minister narendra modi and bjp chief amit shah, union environment minister prakash javadekar said the picture was five years old when modi was the chief minister of gujarat and also the head of the state cricket association with shah being his deputy in the board.
;;-0.9741;;terming as baseless the charges against swaraj, he said that congress president sonia gandhi and her son and vice-president rahul gandhi have been clicked practically with all coal scam accused, 2g (spectrum allocation) scam accused and aircel-maxis scam accused, besides those accused of cwg scam.
;;0.0258;;swaraj is in the centre of a controversy for helping lalit modi, who is facing charges of misappropriation of funds in ipl and currently staying in london, get documents to travel to portugal for his wife's medical treatment.
;;0.0;;at the invitation of the foreign minister of japan taro kono, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj paid an official visit to japan from march 28-30.
;;0.0;;this was her first visit to japan as external affairs minister.
;;0.8402;;addressing a gathering of the indian diaspora at the vivekananda cultural centre, swaraj lauded the contribution of the diaspora to strengthening the bond with japan and creating a positive image about india in japan.
;;0.7506;;given the talk of the revival of the quadrilateral dialogue between japan, the us, australia and india to counter china's increasing muscle-flexing in the south china sea, and to ensure navigation rights in the indo-pacific region, the visit of minister swaraj assumed special significance.
;;0.5574;;complementing kono's remarks, swaraj stressed that the growing convergence on economic and strategic issues between the two countries is important for peace, stability and prosperity in the indo-pacific region.
;;0.4588;;party's senior spokesman anand sharma signalled that the winter session of parliament, likely to begin by this month-end, could be a smooth affair only if the prime minister makes real effort to seek constructive engagement with the opposition.
;;-0.4019;;monsoon session of parliament was a virtual washout in the wake of the congress demand for the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in the wake of the lalit modi controversy.
;;0.0;;he conveyed the views to iran's minister of economic affairs and finance ali tayyebnia who called on him here.
;;0.0;;tayyebnia is visiting india for the bilateral joint commission meeting co-chaired by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.9153;;new delhi, moscow agree to resolve issues quicklynew delhi,nov 5 2014, dhns 2:04 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and russian deputy prime minister dmitry rogozin on wednesday agreed to resolve outstanding issues in bilateral economic ties.
;;0.5574;;the commission reviewed the progress on a broad spectrum of bilateral issues including trade, economic, scientific, technological and cultural cooperation and suggested actions for realising the full potential of the important relationship, according to a press release issued by the ministry of external affairs after the meeting between swaraj and rogozin.
;;0.4019;;however, replying to query by reporters, kumar said: party national leader sushmaswaraj swaraj has termed the allegations baseless.
;;-0.5859;;the congress had stalled the entire monsoon session over demands for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for allegedly helping disgraced former ipl boss lalit modi.
;;0.4404;;even the performance of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs vidisha constituency, which ranked 312, was better compared to varanasi, with a cumulative score of 13.
;;0.6925;;one indian nurse, not 4 killed in yemen attack: meanew delhi, mar 4, 2016 (pti) 8:10 istthe external affairs ministry late tonight said only one indian nurse was killed and not four in a terrorist attack in strife-torn yemen's aden city.
;;-0.9001;;earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted that four indian nurses were killed in the attack today as she asked all indians living in danger zones to return home.
;;-0.6705;;of the four nurses killed in yemen, only one is indian named cecilia minz, external affairs ministry ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said.
;;0.0;;following the emergence of a report in a news channel based on interviews of two survivors from bangladesh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made identical statements in lok sabha and rajya sabha after concerns were expressed by mps over the fate of the hostages.
;;0.34;;modi will be accompanied by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, national security adviser ajit doval and foreign secretary sujatha singh.
;;0.34;;we are agreeing with the first proposal that the winter session should be held from 21st november to 21st december as is normally held, said sushmaswaraj swaraj, leader of the opposition in the lok sabha, in a press statement released here.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley and information and technology minister ravi shankar prasad were among those who met shah.
;;0.0772;;it has also demanded that swaraj quit for helping former ipl boss lalit modi.
;;0.3612;;meanwhile, chief minister oommen chandy has assured these nurses that he had taken up the issue with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.7506;;an agitated minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said, there will be no resignations.
;;0.3374;;as soon as obituary references were made, several opposition parties, including the congress, bsp and the left, insisted that no debate was possible without the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhra raje following their alleged involvement in the controversy over former ipl commissioner lalit modi.
;;-0.1779;;earlier, finance minister and leader of the house arun jaitley defended swaraj asking the opposition to point out one provision of the law which she has violated in allegedly trying to help the former ipl commissioner.
;;0.3818;;if they want to discuss the issue relating to sushmaswaraj swaraj, please start the discussion right now, he said.
;;-0.4404;;however, leaders of opposition in the lok sabha and the rajya sabha, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitely of the bjp have conveyed their reservation to the government on shortlisting ips and ias officers on the grounds that the civil servants often are found to be violators and not protectors of human rights, sources said.
;;0.0;;process on to bring back indian woman from pakistan: sushmanew delhi, aug 8, 2015, (ians) 13:14 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on saturday that india is completing the necessary formalities to bring back gita, a hearing and speech-impaired indian woman stranded in karachi, to india.
;;0.4215;;sushma also tweeted that during the past few days four families from punjab, bihar, jharkhand and up have claimed gita as their daughter and that she has requested the chief ministers of the respective states to verify and report.
;;0.0;;sushma had requested the envoy to go to karachi to meet gita.
;;0.1027;;he also said an entire parliament session was stalled on the issue relating to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj helping him in getting travel documents from britain and it was just politics.
;;0.4215;;govt in dialogue with us over indians' safety: sushmanew delhi, march 16,2017, dhns: 1:28 istkeeping in touch with indians abroad, says ministerexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;we are in a continuous dialogue with the us government, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;-0.6597;;sushma on wednesday referred to the killing of indian engineer srinivas kuchibhotla at kansas in us on february 22.
;;-0.296;;pm following 'raje dharma, not rajya dharma', says congnew delhi, june 27 , 2015, pti: 13:59 isttaking a dig at prime minister narendra modi over lalitgate, congress today accused him of following raje dharma and not rajya dharma by shielding rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;india's external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj monday sought details of the incident from the indian mission in canberra.
;;0.5859;;police must act strongly against the culprits, singh, who is in-charge of party affairs in karnataka, said.
;;-0.4939;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had termed the incident as shameful.
;;-0.5267;;swaraj had spoken to karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah and requested him to ensure stringent punishment to the guilty.
;;-0.6597;;official sources in new delhi had said the high commission of tanzania has sent a note verbale to the external affairs ministry about the reported attack, requesting it to take necessary legal action against the guilty.
;;0.4215;;home minister rajnath singh, finance minister arun jaitley, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister manohar parrikar, national security advisor ajit doval and foreign secretary s jaishankar were among those attended.
;;0.0;;the 3rd india-germany intergovernmental consultations begin, led by pm & chancellor, tweeted external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on merkel ahead of her talks with modi.
;;0.4019;;prime minister modi's high-level delegation at the summit includes external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, national security adviser ajit doval, foreign secretary sujatha singh and a number of senior officials of various ministries.
;;0.0;;in his 'mann ki baat' programme on radio, modi refrained from speaking on politics or the recent controversies surrounding rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj over the lalit modi issue which some quarters were expecting.
;;-0.5267;;the issue in this particular resolution was the reference to the international criminal court, vikas swarup, official spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs of the indian government, said in new delhi.
;;0.7717;;the new governments position was clarified by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj last year when she told parliament that india would continue to strongly support palestine while maintaining its good relations with israel.
;;-0.1027;;last updated: 06 august, 2011siddaiah hiremath, bellary, august 6, dhns: 23:58 istrejects invite to attend varamahalakshmi pooja; not to visit bellary this yearthe gravity of their indictment in the lokayukta report on illegal mining seems to be slowly sinking in on the reddy brothers, with their political mentor sushmaswaraj swaraj deciding to give her annual visit to bellary during the varalakshmi festival a miss this year.
;;-0.5994;;while the reason being given is that of a death in the family, political circles are abuzz with theories that mother sushmaswaraj has finally disowned her political offsprings.
;;0.0;;that has been the practice since 1999 when swaraj contested against upa chairperson sonia gandhi from bellary lok sabha constituency.
;;0.3182;;swaraj has kept her promise over the years, except in 2008 when her father-in-law passed away.
;;0.34;;at the bjp convention, swaraj launched development projects worth rs 1,300 crore.
;;-0.7269;;with illegal mining in bellary grabbing headlines and coming to the adverse attention of the lokayukta, swaraj has begun distancing from the tainted reddys.
;;0.1531;;with her refusal to attend the pooja this year, the questions that were lingering around her visit have not only been answered, but swaraj has also sent across a clear message that she is no longer mother to reddy brothers.
;;0.3182;;sushma to attend ny yoga day event on sundaynew delhi, june 17, 2015, dhns 23:24 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is set to address a crowd of about 30,000 people in a mega yoga event at times square in new york next sundaynotwithstanding the row over her role in securing travel documents from the british government for indian premier league (ipl) ex-chief lalit modi.
;;0.3818;;swaraj, who will leave for new york on saturday, will take part in the events at the united nations (un) headquarters on the occasion of the international yoga day on june 21.
;;-0.34;;swaraj will share the dais with un secretary-general ban ki-moon and un general assembly president sam kutesa at the yoga event to be held on the premises of the international organisation on sunday.
;;0.0;;swaraj will also attend another yoga event, organised by sri sri ravishankars art of living foundation, in new york.
;;-0.0516;;swaraj, however, may have to leave immediately for kathmandu to represent the indian government in a conclave organised by the nepalese government to solicit funds from the international community to rebuild the quake-hit nation.
;;0.0;;swaraj on tuesday flagged off the first batch of the pilgrims for the kailash mansarovar yatra in the tibetan autonomous region of china through a new route via the nathu la pass in sikkim.
;;0.8271;;first, the promise i made last year of enabling elderly citizens to undertake the pilgrimage is being fulfilled, and second, the happiness i see on faces of these people who otherwise would not have been able to undertake the yatra, said swaraj.
;;0.0;;though the ministry of external affairs has been organising a pilgrimage from india to mount kailash and mansarovar lake in the tibet autonomous region of china every year, this year the trip will be conducted for the first time through two different routesthe old route via lipulekh pass in uttarakhand and the new route.
;;0.6486;;rao also spoke to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj regarding the steps being taken to secure safe and early release of the two telugu men.
;;-0.4019;;a spokesman of ministry of external affairs had said they were detained at a check point, 50 km from sirte.
;;-0.4404;;sushma, rahul try to outwit each other in fiery ls debatenew delhi: august 13, 2015, dhns 2:06 istafter 14 days of stalemate over the congresss demand seeking resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for helping former ipl chief lalit modi obtain travel papers from the uk, a debate finally took place in the lok sabha on wednesday.
;;-0.6249;;if sushmaswaraj talked about the bofors scandal and the gandhi familys proximity to late italian businessman ottavio quattrocchi, who was believed to be a conduit for pay-offs, rahul minced no words either.
;;-0.3818;;sushma also responded to rahuls charge, that she got money to help lalit modi, by telling him to read up on his family history and then ask his mamma (sonia gandhi) as to how much money had been taken from quattrocchi and why did daddy (rajiv gandhi) release the killer of 15,000 people (bhopal gas tragedy).
;;-0.4404;;a livid rahul hit back: yesterday (tuesday), sushmaji held my hand and said beta (son), why are you upset with me?
;;-0.4215;;at a time when union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, raje and mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria have drawn ire for meeting controversial cricket administrator in the uk, lalit modi himself tweeted to reveal that even jaitley met him alone at a london hotel while he was leader of opposition in rajya sabha.
;;0.4939;;maritime security is an important dimension of india's bilateral relations with indian ocean littoral states and through various formal and informal structures currently in place, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said here.
;;0.0;;swaraj was speaking after inaugurating an international conference on india and indian ocean: renewing the maritime trade and civilisational linkages.
;;0.5719;;the external affair minister said indian navy has been playing an important role in this through increased bilateral /multilateral maritime exercises including milan which saw participation from 17 regional navies off the andaman coast in february 2014.
;;-0.9201;;at the same time the region is witnessing non-traditional threats such as natural disasters, piracy, terrorism, illegal fishing, oil spills and effects of climate change, the external affair minister said.
;;-0.25;;swaraj recalled that at the 11th meeting of iora council of ministers that took place under india's chairmanship in bengaluru in november 2011, members were unanimous in their approach to identify six priority areas for cooperation - (i)maritime safety and security (ii) trade and investment facilitation (iii) fisheries management (iv) disaster risk reduction (v) academic and s&t cooperation and (vi) tourism promotion and cultural exchanges.
;;0.5859;;the three-day conference, organised by institute of social and cultural studies jointly with research and information system for developing countries, is supported by external affairs, petroleum and natural gas, power, shipping, commerce and industry, culture, tourism and agriculture ministries.
;;0.0;;personally informed sujatha about new fs appointment: swarajnew delhi, jan 29, 2015 (pti) 21:03 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tonight said she had personally communicated to sujatha singh the government's decision to appoint s jaishankar as the new foreign secretary.
;;-0.8555;;new delhi, mar 9, 2016 (pti) 20:05 istan indian medical student, who was in a coma at a trauma centre after being attacked by local goons in russian city of kazan, has died, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;-0.4215;;i am pained to inform that yasir - an indian medical student from srinagar has succumbed to his injuries in russia, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.1027;;yesterday, swaraj had directed indian ambassador in russia pankaj saran to extend all possible help to yasir after receiving an sos through a tweet that the student was in a hospital in coma after being attacked by local goons, who also took away his money and documents.
;;0.0;;amid the din, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made a suo motu statement on her visit to islambad and recent development relating to ties between india and pakistan.
;;0.4019;;deputy chairman p j kurien said swaraj had made an important statement and he would allow clarifications to be asked on it.
;;0.0;;taking a dig at chandy, naidu said earlier the same chief minister had lauded external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for her initiative to bring back keralites from iraq.
;;0.0;;earlier the same chief minister lauded sushmaswaraj swaraj for her initiative of bringing back keralites from iraq, he added.
;;-0.4118;;breaking his silence over tomar's alleged fake degree issue, kejriwal said the tri nagar mla was immediately removed from cabinet after his arrest but wondered why prime minister narendra modi has not yet taken action against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje over the lalitgate row.
;;-0.1298;;asserting that there was no flip-flop or confusion in the government, which has a very clear pakistan policy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the two countries had decided on three principles for talks when prime minister nawaz sharif had come here last year.
;;-0.6124;;the monsoon session has been a washout till date over the opposition's, chiefly the congress, demand for resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the chief ministers of rajasthan and madhya pradesh over the former ipl chief lalit modi and vyapam scam respectively.
;;0.8271;;ali taiebnia, minister for economic affairs and finance of iran, on monday told external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj that india could involve both public and private sector companies for development of chahbahar port and chahbahar free trade zone as well as in setting up industrial units in the free trade zone.
;;0.5574;;she expressed satisfaction at the growing bilateral interaction in diverse area, the ministry of external affairs stated in a press release after the meeting.
;;0.2732;;swaraj underlined the efforts being taken to enhance bilateral economic cooperation in energy, infrastructure  including shipping, ports and railways  and trade and commerce.
;;0.4215;;swaraj and taiebnia reviewed the progress in trade and economic cooperation and discussed possibilities in cooperation in railways, including by supply of rails, rolling stock, signalling and other works and indias participation in chahbahar-zahedan-mashhad railway line in iran.
;;-0.7506;;the congress vice president's reference to silence on his tweet was apparently to the prime minister's silence on the opposition demand for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in the wake of the lalit modi controversy and that of madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chauhan over the vyapam scam.
;;-0.7096;;the shooting evoked outrage india with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj expressing shock over the incident.
;;-0.2023;;swaraj hits back at journo who raked up propriety issuenew delhi, jun 15, 2015, (pti) 14:53 istunder attack for helping fugitive former ipl boss lalit modi obtain travel documents in uk, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today hit back at a tv journalist who had raked up the issue of propriety in the matter.
;;0.0;;, swaraj tweeted.
;;-0.2023;;swaraj has been under attack by political parties and others for helping scam-tainted modi to obtain british travel documents after the disclosure of emails showing that she had spoken to indian-origin british mp keith vaz and its high commissioner here james bevan seeking favours for the former cricket administrator, who had to go to portugal, purportedly for his wife's cancer treatment in june last year.
;;0.0;;after the reports surfaced, 63-year-old swaraj said in a series of tweets that she had taken a humanitarian view and conveyed to the british high commissioner that they should examine modi's request as per their rules and if the british government chooses to give travel documents to lalit modi  that will not spoil our bilateral relations.
;;-0.296;;she also made a plea to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and minister of state for home kiren rijiju not to press for her extradition, and also pointed out that jai mukhi, one of the accused, had retracted his confessional statement.
;;-0.8126;;washington's approach to islamabad upsets new delhianirban bhaumik, new delh, jan 4, 2015, dhns: 0:39 istindia is upset over americas recent aid of $ one billion to pakistan and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is likely to convey new delhis disappointment to us secretary of state john kerry.
;;0.0;;he is expected to call on prime minister narendra modi and hold a meeting with his counterpart swaraj to prepare for the american presidents visit.
;;0.2023;;during her meeting with kerry, swaraj will cite recent instances of persistent ceasefire violations by pakistan army and paramilitary forces along the line of control and the undisputed stretch of the border, grant of bail to lashkar-e-toiba commander zaki-ur-rehman lakhvi and continuous effort by the neighbouring countrys soldiers to support militants bid to infiltrate into india.
;;-0.4767;;during her meeting with visiting nepalese deputy prime minister and foreign minister kamal thapa, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told him that india has gone out of the way to ensure medical supplies to the himalayan nation while rejecting any hindrance to supplies from the country.
;;0.2023;;on his part, thapa briefed swaraj on the political dialogue with various stakeholders and informed her that the ministerial level dialogue has been upgraded to the top leadership level in his country.
;;0.1027;;swaraj reiterates need for urgent political solution to political problems facing nepal, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
;;0.6705;;the visiting dignitary told swaraj that there has been focused discussions on four key issues concerning a section of nepalese population i.
;;0.4588;;however, they thanked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for immediate response in the matter by sending two officials for completing the formalities.
;;0.4019;;sushma swaraj spoke to our family members and has extended support.
;;0.8074;;in the fray are wives and kin of top politicians, including the sister of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who are hoping to make their electoral debut a success.
;;-0.4019;;vasundhara raje backed lalit modi's immigrationnew delhi, june 17, 2015, dhns 1:42 isttrouble mounts: rajasthan cm denies giving statementas the opposition mounted pressure on the government to take action against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje also got dragged into the controversy surrounding former ipl chief lalit modi on tuesday.
;;0.3612;;this was much before sushmaswaraj swaraj in her capacity as the external affairs minister gave a no-objection certificate last july to british authorities to grant travel papers to nri lalit modi, living in london since 2010, if it was permissible under their immigration rules.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had yesterday tweeted about the release lakshmikanth and vijay kumar.
;;0.34;;taking strong exception to amazon canada selling doormats depicting indian flag, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj yesterday asked the e-retailer to withdraw the products and tender an unconditional apology, failing which no official of amazon will be granted indian visa and the ones issued earlier will also be rescinded.
;;-0.7184;;in a series of tweets, swaraj had expressed her anger at the sale of such an offensive doormat by amazon, which is seeking a big presence in india.
;;-0.4404;;mea declines info on lalit modi's passport issue, draws flaknew delhi, june 29, 2015 (pti) 8:16 istwith external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj facing opposition onslaught over 'lalitgate', her office has declined to provide information about the controversy surrounding restoration of former ipl boss lalit modi's passport, drawing sharp criticism from congress and the left.
;;-0.3182;;responding to an rti plea containing seven questions, the external affairs ministry said, while a part of the queries did not come under the purview of the transparency law, regarding others it pleaded lack of information.
;;0.4939;;kindly note that the office of external affairs minister (eam) has informed that the questions in serial 1 to 3 of your rti does not seem to fall under the purview of the rti act, 2005.
;;0.4019;;the first three questions included why swaraj did not advise modi to apply for a temporary travel document to the indian high commission in london instead if she intended to help him on humanitarian grounds to travel to portugal.
;;0.0;;it also asked why the external affairs minister did not insist on modis return to india as a condition for issuing a temporary indian travel document.
;;0.128;;39 indians held captive in iraq since jun' 14 alive: sushmanew delhi, mar 9, 2016 (pti) 18:55 istthe 39 indians, who have been held as captives by the dreaded isis in iraq since june 2014, are believed to be still alive, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told lok sabha today, as she asserted the government is making all efforts to bring them back.
;;-0.1779;;during the question hour, swaraj referred to a recent meeting in which foreign ministers from arab countries and 15 ministers participated and said the leaders of two major nations had told her that the abducted indians were alive.
;;0.5106;;bjd and aap members appreciated swaraj for her efforts.
;;-0.6124;;asked specifically about the possibility of the cbi questioning senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj, considered to be the political patron of the reddy brothers, a senior official told deccan herald, nothing can be ruled out and the cbi can question anyone having connection with illegal activities of the reddy brothers.
;;0.0;;notably, there have been allegations of commercial links between swaraj and reddys in the past.
;;-0.5106;;in the wake of the arrest of reddy by the cbi on september 5, congress general secretary digvijay singh had demanded that the commercial ties of reddy brothers with sushmaswaraj swaraj and (former bjp president) m venkiah naidu, too, be probed.
;;0.7906;;india to provide help on boy's mother's request in norway: eamnew delhi, dec 23, 2016 (pti) 15:58 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said india will provide help on the request of the mother of the boy, who has been taken away by the norway authorities even as norwegian embassy here asked for restraint in the case, assuring that it is being handled with complete sensitivity and awareness.
;;0.0;;new delhi: july 26, 2015, dhns: 0:45 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday hosted an eid milan, which was attended by several foreign diplomats, including pakistans envoy to new delhi, abdul basit.
;;0.0;;basit had a brief discussion with swaraj during the event at the headquarters of the ministry of external affairs at jawaharlal nehru bhavan in new delhi.
;;0.0;;swaraj had hosted an iftar for the foreign diplomats during ramzan last year.
;;-0.5043;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj asserted in parliament that war was not a solution and india would resolve the border stand-off with china through dialogue.
;;-0.5994;;his outburst came a day after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj denied any flip-flop in india's policy towards pakistan and said no talks can be held with it as long as mumbai attack mastermind zakiur rehman lakhvi was walking free.
;;0.0;;this is amply reflected from minister of state for foreign affairs v.k. singh's reply to mp rajeev chandrashekhar's question in parliament, he said.
;;0.2263;;new delhi, aug 7, 2015 (pti) 18:06 istcongress should end tit for tat approach and allow the parliament to function for the remaining four sittings following the clarification by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on lalit modi issue, union minister m venkaiah naidu today said.
;;0.0772;;naidu also appealed to congress chief sonia gandhi to seriously introspect and return to lok sabha and allow normal functioning of parliament after swaraj has clarified her role in the matter of travel documents to lalit modi.
;;0.0;;reading contents from various newspapers on the present state of affairs in parliament, naidu said they are only representative samples of widespread concern being voiced every day since the beginning of this session.
;;0.0;;they held a detailed discussion over the recent meeting of indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and pakistan rulers on the occasion of asia heart conference in islamabad and also discussed the kashmir policy there, hurriyat spokesman ayaz akbar said in a statement in srinagar.
;;0.5267;;after swaraj met pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif and other leaders, the two countries decided to engage in a comprehensive bilateral dialogue covering kashmir and other bilateral issues.
;;-0.1531;;the party also warned that there will be no transaction of business during the forthcoming monsoon session of parliament if external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje are not made to quit.
;;0.0;;the focus will now shift from swaraj and raje to the prime minister itself.
;;0.3818;;he was replying to a question on bjp defence today of swaraj and raje for their role in helping tainted former ipl chief lalit modi in staying in britain after maintainiung two days of studied silence.
;;0.4019;;siddaramaiah had sought external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs help to get prompt medical assistance in that country.
;;-0.0258;;the portal 'madad' (help) was launched at the mea headquarters here by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who said the grievance monitoring facility would enhance accessibility for people and fix greater accountability and responsibility on officials.
;;0.0;;the plan is also to have a call centre linked to the ministry of overseas indian affairs.
;;0.6705;;the prime ministers office (pmo) prodded the ministry of external affairs (mea) to do all it can to help those who are in relatively safer places.
;;-0.3182;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has summoned indias envoys to the gulf countries for a meeting in new delhi on sunday to discuss the escalating conflict and its implications in the region.
;;-0.0258;;meanwhile, in an apparent snub to swaraj, party chief nitin gadkari said the bjp follows democratic procedure of government formation in states when it is voted to power.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj seeks details about sydney hostage takingnew delhi, dec 15, 2014, ians: 11:43 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj monday sought details of a hostage taking incident in sydney and has spoken to the indian envoy in australia.
;;0.0;;ministry of external affairs spokesperson syed akbaruddin tweeted: in case of queries about indian nationals following events in sydney contact viond bahade dy consul general at phone +61 481 453550.
;;0.1779;;soon after chowdhury moved out of the house, several members from congress and other parties entered the well demanding, among other things, the resignation of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chief ministers of rajasthan and madhya pradesh, leading to its adjournment for the day.
;;-0.296;;rahul gandhi is leading the congress campaign against the government on the lalit modi controversy and vyapam issues in which it is seeking the resignation of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chief ministers of rajasthan and madhya pradesh vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan.
;;-0.9022;;as prime minister narendra modi reviewed the consequences of the terror attack with his cabinet colleagues rajnath singh, arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj, there are several gaps that need to be closed for an accurate reconstruction of the chain of events leading to the terror attack and proper analysis of the strike back by security agencies.
;;0.0382;;noting that by 2016-end, the government will not leave any country where indian ministers have not gone, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, in letters to the ministers, said her ministry has identified 68 nations yet to be visited by them.
;;0.0;;later she was received at the ministry of external affairs in the national capital.
;;0.5719;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj thanked pakistan administration and judiciary for supporting uzma in her legal battle.
;;0.0;;we housed her, swaraj recalled.
;;0.0;;while modi will open the workshop, bjp president amit shah will deliver the signing-off speech and senior leaders such as sushmaswaraj swaraj and thawar chand gehlot will address intervening sessions.
;;0.128;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will talk on development agenda: its social dimension, while rambhau mhalagi prabodhini director general vinay shastrabudhe will make a presentation on several welfare schemes launched by different ministries.
;;0.0;;80-year-old syed asif nizami, the chief priest of the sufi shrine and his nephew nazim ali nizami flew back by a pakistan international airlines flight and met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had taken up their case with pakistan prime minister's adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz.
;;0.0;;union ministers of state m j akbar and v k singh, besides foreign secretary s jaishankar were present when the clerics met swaraj.
;;0.4767;;however, sajid nizami, son of asif nizami, alleged that the duo was taken away after a news report appeared in a karachi-based urdu daily which claimed they had links with indian external intelligence agency raw.
;;0.926;;after meeting swaraj, nazim ali nizami thanked the indian government, particularly the minister, for their safe return and said they had gone to the neighbouring country with a message of peace and love.
;;-0.9382;;we must delink religion from terror: swaraj tells arab leaguemanama, jan 24, 2016, (pti) 14:56 iststrongly pitching for delinking terrorism from religion, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said india and the arab world must join hands to eliminate the menace as she warned that those who silently sponsor terror groups could end up being used by them.
;;-0.5106;;swaraj's citing of india's religious and cultural diversity at the world stage assumes significance as it comes in the backdrop of the intolerance debate that had raged recently in the country with many writers, artists and civil society members expressing alarm over the issue.
;;-0.5106;;swaraj also highlighted the importance of the passage of the comprehensive convention on international terrorism in the united nations, saying it will remove a significant lacuna in the global communitys fight against this menace.
;;-0.6597;;resignation demandeddemanding the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, members of the national student union of india, staged a protest at gandhi chowk, during the day.
;;-0.6705;;the protestors said, sushmaswaraj has misused power by facilitating lalit modi, who is facing criminal charges in connection with the indian premier league.
;;0.0;;they also met senior leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.6597;;after meeting external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, gurpinder kaur, sister of abductee majinder singh, said her brother had told her over phone that the kidnappers had assured them of safe return to india.
;;0.8658;;sushma swaraj on thursday said all the 40 abductees, mostly from punjab, were safe and the government would go beyond its limits to secure their release and ensure safety of other indians in iraq.
;;-0.5106;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj discussed with myanmar's top leadership, including state counsellor aung san suu kyi, the issues related to rakhine state, where violence erupted in august 2016 when the military intensified the crackdown against alleged militant outfits of rohingya muslims, sparking a mass exodus of refugees.
;;0.743;;swaraj, who arrived here yesterday on a two-day visit, reiterated india's readiness and commitment to help myanmar in addressing issues related to rakhine state, the ministry of external affairs said in a statement.
;;0.7695;;homemaker partei said she could not control her tears when sushmaswaraj swaraj, leader of the opposition in the lok sabha, made an emotional appeal to her countrymen to stand united and protect people from the north-east.
;;0.9062;;while two calls from sydney soon after, one from pushpendus company and the other from a friend, confirmed the good news, further respite came as indian channels started airing news of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeting about the safe rescue of pushpendu and the other indian hostage, vishnukant ankireddy.
;;-0.5574;;dh file photoall embassy officials are safe after the terror attack in the swedish capital of stockholm which took place very close to the indian embassy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said tonight.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said government has helped jagannathan selvaraj, who hails from tiruchirappalli in tamil nadu, to return to his village.
;;0.0;;that made it 1000 km, swaraj tweeted.
;;-0.5106;;the external affairs minister, undergoing treatment at aiims for kidney failure, last week had sought a report from indian consulate in dubai following media reports about selvaraj.
;;0.0;;krishna launches campaign in bangalore centralbangalore, april 2, 2014, dhns: 1:44 istenthusiastic congress workers burst crackers, beat drums and showered rose petals as former external affairs minister s m krishna hit the campaign trail in bangalore central lok sabha constituency on wednesday.
;;-0.1027;;the 81-year-old congress stalwart, who is maintaining a low profile ever since he resigned as the external affairs minister, decided to campaign for the party across the state after chief minister siddaramaiah and parameshwara requested him recently.
;;-0.1027;;ap govt urges swaraj to take steps for release of indiansnew delhi, jul 31, 2015 (pti) 15:24 istandhra pradesh government today urged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to expedite steps for safe return of four indians, including two persons from hyderabad and srikakulam, who were abducted in libya.
;;-0.1531;;in a letter to swaraj, andhra pradesh government's special representative in delhi k rama mohana rao said that four people including two professors, balaram of srikakulam in andhra pradesh and gopi krishna from hyderabad, were abducted on july 29 and held hostage by an unknown group.
;;0.0;;they (the fishermen community) have expressed their sentiments to me and i will take their case forward to the pm and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, gadkari, who holds the charge of road transport, shipping and rural development ministeries, told reporters here.
;;-0.296;;external affairs ministry spokesperson syed akbaruddin had earlier said, india's high commission in colombo will appeal to a higher court through a lawyer against the judgement of the lower court against these five indian fishermen.
;;0.6597;;parties gear up for budget sessionnew delhi, feb 22, 2015 dhns: 2:47 isttop bjp leaders, including party chief amit shah and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, went into a huddle at home minister rajnath singh's residence on saturday, ahead of parliament's budget session, which begins on monday.
;;0.0;;sushma to visit kabul tomorrownew delhi, sep 8, 2014, dhns : 1:21 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will travel to kabul on wednesday and meet the rival presidential candidates abdullah abdullah and ashraf ghani.
;;0.128;;cong red-flags govt attempt to call spl session of parlnew delhi, sep 8, 2015 (pti) 19:29 istcongress today virtually red-flagged government's attempts to call a special session of parliament, telling it bluntly such an exercise would serve no purpose unless action was taken against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chief ministers of rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh.
;;0.128;;he insisted convening of special session of parliament will serve no purpose unless the government takes action against sushmaswaraj swaraj and bjp chief ministers.
;;-0.8316;;no proof 39 indians held hostage in iraq are dead or alive: sushmanew delhi, feb 21, 2015, (pti): 20:34 istthere was no proof of 39 indian nationals, who were taken hostage in war-torn iraq last june, being dead or alive, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told their families when they met her here today.
;;0.6369;;the external affairs minister said government was trying its level best on the issue.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted: there is heavy shelling in aden.
;;0.5719;;the external affairs ministry spokesperson syed akbaruddin tweeted: precious cargo.
;;0.1531;;earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said it was beneficial for both the countries and that there will a notional loss of territory without borders getting contracted.
;;-0.5267;;refuting allegations about india's alleged 'big brotherly' attitude, the external affairs minister said one is 'big brother' which symbolises arrogance.
;;0.0;;initiating the debate on the bill, adhir ranjan chowdhury (cong) took a dig at swaraj saying the state of assam itself wanted to be part of the pact and had written to the centre to this effect in 2011.
;;0.8176;;prime minister narendra modi told the party mps that the birthday of former prime minister atal behari vajpayee would be observed as national 'good governance day' on december 25, where all bjp mps and government officials will make the day symbolic of good governance, minister of state for parliamentary affairs rajiv pratap rudy told reporters.
;;0.5859;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj stated that she would make a statement on the prime minister's successful foreign visits in both houses of parliament tomorrow.
;;0.3818;;amidst the din with the congressmen shouting slogans seeking action against union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in lalitgate, bjp mp from karnataka pralhad joshi referred to vadras facebook post and requested the speaker to refer the issue to the house privileges committee.
;;-0.1531;;as congress continued its aggressive pitch for the exit of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, he said let them study each and every thing.
;;-0.3322;;gowda was responding to a question on congress' threat to disrupt the monsoon session of parliament if the external affairs minister and the rajasthan chief minister did not resign.
;;0.6808;;swaraj is facing the heat for her help to tainted modi get british travel documents and raje for her secret witness statement supporting the former ipl boss' immigration plea in britain.
;;0.0258;;new delhi, jul 19, 2015 (pti) 18:25 istsetting the tone for the upcoming monsoon session, bjp today decided against being defensive over the controversies related to sushmaswaraj swaraj, vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan and would brazen it out in parliament which is set to be stormy over these issues.
;;-0.4588;;congress has threatened to disrupt parliament if its demands for ouster of raje, external affairs minister swaraj and madhya pradesh chief minister chouhan are not acceded to.
;;-0.2732;;besides pressing for removal of swaraj, opposition has indicated that it will also target hrd minister smriti irani, who is facing charges related to an educational certificate.
;;0.0;;new delhi, june 16, 2015 (ians) 14:14 istthe first batch of pilgrims for the annual kailash mansarovar yatra through the new nathu la route was flagged off on tuesday by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who declined comment on the lalit modi controversy.
;;0.0;;attired in a pink sari, sushmaswaraj swaraj flagged off the event at the jawaharlal nehru bhawan here at 10.
;;0.2263;;meanwhile, the congress continued to press its demand for the sacking of sushmaswaraj swaraj over the lalit modi episode and alleged the narendra modi government was out to save the former ipl chief who has been charged with financial impropriety.
;;0.25;;the bjp, the external affairs minister and the entire government have come out to save an accused of the enforcement directorate.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj has maintained she helped lalit modi, who has been living in london since 2010, with travel documents to go to portugal for the treatment of his cancer-afflicted wife on humanitarian grounds.
;;0.4019;;amazon canada sells doormats with tricolour, sushmaswaraj warns of stern actionnew delhi, jan 11, 2017, (pti): 20:56 isttaking strong exception to amazon canada selling doormats depicting indian flag, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today asked the e-retailer to withdraw the products and tender an unconditional apology, failing which no official of amazon will be granted indian visa and the ones issued earlier will also be rescinded.
;;-0.5764;;not satisfied with the statement of jaitley, who read it out in the absence of ailing external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, congress staged a brief walkout at 2:20 pm while odisha ruling party bjd also criticised the government for what it said toeing the italy line before the hague court which allowed the marine to return home.
;;0.3999;;new delhi, nov 28, 2014, pti: 16:25 istthe external affairs minister said she had received written communication from different sources which maintain that the abducted indians were not killed and that she had shared the information with finance minister arun jaitley and food processing industries minister harsimrat kaur badal as most of them were from punjab.
;;0.4404;;swaraj confirmed that harjeet, the only escapee from the custody of isis, was in the government's safe custody.
;;0.8658;;she said there is no issue of anyone trying to take credit for securing their release and government has sought the help of former minister of state for external affairs e ahamed, who has good contacts in the gulf countries, to secure their release.
;;-0.6808;;raising the issue in the lok sabha, scindia accused the external affairs minister of misleading the house and claimed that the government had failed to protect the workers.
;;0.0;;swaraj took objection to allegations that she had misled the house.
;;0.0258;;the prime minister is handling all external affairs matters and is de-facto external affairs minister.
;;-0.8481;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made statements in both lok sabha and rajya sabha after a media report claimed that the 39 indians, captured over five months back, had been killed by the dreaded islamist group.
;;0.0;;two weeks ago, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said modi would only address the crowd on international yoga day.
;;0.0;;referring to the controversy involving external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who purportedly helped former ipl boss lalit modi, a fugitive in money laundering cases pursed by the enforcement directorate, procure travel documents, nitish called it a case of favouritism instead of humanitarianism and targeted the prime minister over it.
;;0.3612;;sources said leaders like sushmaswaraj swaraj, venkaiah naidu and rajnath singh, who too are members of the board, have come round to effecting a change of leadership in the state.
;;0.0;;last updated: 12 august, 2011bellary, august 12, dhns: 8:35 istenergy minister performs the pooja in the absence of sushmaswaraj swarajenergy minister shobha karandlaje performed the varamahalakshmi pooja at the residence of dr b k srinivasamurthy in the city on friday, in the absence of bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had made it a practice to take part in the annual ritual in the past few years.
;;-0.5994;;swaraj could not make it this time, following the recent death of her brother.
;;0.0516;;no alternativeshe also welcomed the decision of the modi government to send external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to pakistan for a diplomatic meet.
;;0.34;;the issue was also raised by the national security adviser shivshankar menon during his meeting with bjp leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj yesterday when the former explained that government was against such a step as it would internationalise the issue.
;;-0.5267;;pointing to the loopholes of the governments draft of the bill, leader of the opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj, accused the centre of trying to impose a template for setting up lokayuktas on the states.
;;-0.7096;;apart from describing the bill as an attack on the federal structure of the constitution, swaraj criticised the government for instituting a minority quota in the proposed lokpal.
;;-0.4767;;singh also discussed pathankot attack with union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who met him in his office.
;;0.0;;actually, the foundation for aiims was laid by the then health minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.8442;;no third party in pak talks: sushmanew delhi, june 01, 2015, dhns: 2:06 istforeign minister rules out resumption of cricket tiesindia has not flip-flopped on its pakistan policy, but talks with islamabad can only happen in a peaceful environment and without the involvement of a third party, said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday.
;;0.5267;;sushma ruled out resumption of bilateral cricket ties between the two arch-rivals in the immediate future, and made it clear that no official engagement is on the cards between the two nations.
;;0.3612;;swaraj calls for early drafting of nepal's constitutionkathmandu, june 25, 2015, (pti) 15:37 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today met the entire spectrum of nepalese leadership and encouraged them to finalise the long-pending drafting of the constitution at the earliest to take the country on a new path of development.
;;0.0;;swaraj met a host of nepalese leaders, including four former prime ministers, at a luncheon meeting hosted by india's ambassador to nepal ranjit rae.
;;0.4404;;encourages early finalisation of constitution, external affairs ministry spokesman vikas swarup tweeted along with a picture of the meeting.
;;0.5267;;in the luncheon meeting, swaraj conveyed to the leaders that india was firmly behind nepal in its reconstruction efforts and would extend all support for its development as the country moves towards normalcy after being ravaged by quakes.
;;0.0;;aiims doctors submit geeta's dna report to meanew delhi, oct 30, 2015, (pti) 21:22 istthe report of the dna tests carried out to determine the parentage of 23-year-old geeta, the deaf and mute girl who returned from pakistan after being separated from her family over a decade ago, has been submitted to the ministry of external affairs.
;;-0.296;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had stated that geeta had refused to identify the mahatos as her family.
;;-0.7964;;that the three-week session would be stormy was clear after naidu rejected the congress demand for resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for facilitating travel documents for former ipl chief lalit modi and of madhya pradesh chief minister chouhan for his alleged role in vyapam scam.
;;0.0;;swaraj kaushal, the husband of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, also stayed at four seasons as modis lawyer.
;;0.875;;sushma hails heroism of us national grillotnew delhi, mar 4, 2017, dhns: 2:16 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj hailed the heroism of ian grillot and sent a message to the us citizen, who was injured while trying to save two indian it professionals in kansas on february 22.
;;0.0;;he conveyed to grillot the message from the external affairs minister.
;;0.0;;sushma seeks reportexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought a report from raveesh kumar, indias consul-general in frankfurt.
;;-0.4588;;mahila congress workers are planning to gather around 10,000 members for the protest against modis failure to take action against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for favouring former ipl boss lalit modi.
;;-0.5106;;he said the lalit modi controversy and the opposition demand for external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's resignation raised by the opposition is just an excuse, they want to stop gst bill.
;;0.4588;;both india and china advocate freedom of the navigation in the south china sea and there are no differences over it, according to huang xilian, deputy director general of the asian affairs of the foreign ministry.
;;0.1106;;he raised it very strongly that it is not acceptable to us what you are talking about china-pakistan economic corridor going to pok, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said in new delhi.
;;0.4767;;it is unlikely that foreign secretary jaishankar would travel to islamabd as planned this thursday for talks with his pakistan counterpart for the comprehensive bilateral dialogue agreed to between the two countries when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visited pakistan last month.
;;0.0;;swaraj today went to home minister rajnath singh's residence and is understood to have discussed the issue during a meeting that lasted about 20 minutes.
;;-0.5574;;singh spoke via video conference from the national capital after a private jet carrying him, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley on their way to address a rally here to kick-off party's campaign for may 5 elections, landed under emergency conditions at delhi airport with the trip being cancelled.
;;0.0258;;in a message to the government, the congress said it would be difficult for the bjp-led coalition to ensure smooth running of the upcoming session if union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan did not step down within 24 hours.
;;0.0;;azad indicated that other opposition parties would also come on a common platform with the congress to demand the resignation sushmaswaraj , raje, and chouhan from day one of the monsoon session.
;;0.3612;;un secretary general ban ki-moon expressed his excitement at the first international day of yoga during his meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in new york, saying the day has garnered unprecedented enthusiasm around the world.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje have helped former ipl chief lalit modi get a visa.
;;0.6124;;un's decision to mark yoga day shows india's soft power:swarajnew york, jun 22, 2015, (pti) 10:03 istun's decision to commemorate the international day of yoga underlines the appreciation for india and its growing soft power, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said.
;;0.0;;swaraj, who addressed the first international day of yoga celebrations at the un, also attended a function marking the day at the hindu temple society of north america yesterday.
;;0.4404;;the external affairs minister said today we have made a good beginning and the future is filled with immense possibilities.
;;-0.2263;;though the chief minister termed it a courtsey call, sources close to him told deccan herald that yeddyurappa, who had an inkling that the lokayukta report would land him in trouble, brought karandlaje along and took her to meet top bjp leaders including l k advani, nitin gadkari, arun jaitely and sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.4019;;arrangements have been made by our mission in colombo for all the indians involved in labour dispute with indian company in sri lanka to travel, official spokesperson in external affairs ministry syed akbaruddin had said on monday.
;;-0.4588;;on sunday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had taken serious note of complaints against the indian company and directed the indian mission in colombo to make immediate arrangements for their return.
;;0.5859;;japan minister for foreign affairs fumio kishida extended japans support to build an energy network for the south asia association for regional cooperation (saarc) and association of south east asian nations (asean) at the indian council of world affairs here.
;;0.0;;later, during a meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, kishida is understood to have formally offered tokyos assistance to projects in the north-east.
;;-0.1045;;sources said swaraj not only accepted the offer, but also discussed with the japanese minister the kind of projects that new delhi and tokyo could jointly take up in the region.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who took part in the function, spoke about the role of sudarshan who, she said, had genuine concern for the development of the country and advocated the swadeshi model of development.
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has asked to be moved to a portfolio with a more domestic focus, the sources said.
;;-0.8481;;sushma swaraj's helicopter fails to land in shillongshillong, nov 14, 2014 (ians) 13:12 istthe helicopter in which external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was travelling in meghalaya friday failed to land here due to poor visibility, an official said.
;;-0.6705;;sushma swaraj has cancelled her visit to shillong as the mi-17 helicopter of the indian air force carrying her couldn't land at the helipad due to bad weather, sanjay goyal, district magistrate of east khasi hills, told ians.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj was accompanied by minister of state for external affairs and overseas indian affairs general v.k. singh (retd).
;;0.0;;the external affairs minister was scheduled to inaugurate shillong passport seva kendra, which will now be inaugurated by meghalaya chief minister mukul sangma in the later part of the day.
;;0.0;;indian delegation will be led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and commerce minister nirmala sitharaman, officials told the dh.
;;-0.2023;;the monsoon session of parliament has been stalled over modi's alleged links with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj had helped modi procure travel documents in july last year to facilitate his travel from london to portugal for treatment of his cancer-stricken wife on humanitarian grounds.
;;-0.296;;senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday refused to sidestep jammu and kashmir (j&k) chief minister omar abdullah, while expressing concern over kishtiwar communal flare up on the day of eid.
;;0.7003;;after greeting the people for eid and teej festival over twitter, swaraj tweeted to abdullah: i have checked up from kishtwar.
;;0.1027;;the chief minister, however, apprised her of attempts to inflame passions and polarise people by spreading lies on mutilations in kishtwar and suggested swaraj to have a word with northern army commander or the dgp to get more information on the ground situation.
;;0.8537;;sushma defends modi's foreign tripsnew delhi, dec 3, 2014, dhns: 1:31 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on wednesday that the bjp-led government not only moved with rare speed and resolve in the past six months to step up new delhis external engagements, but also strongly defended security interests of india.
;;0.6808;;in the past six months, we have moved with speed and resolve, rarely seen in indian external engagement, to rebuild our partnerships across the world.
;;-0.5719;;new delhi, july 21, 2015 (pti) 16:19 istrajya sabha failed to transact any significant business today on the first day of the monsoon session as opposition pressed for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj as also chief ministers of rajasthan and madhya pradesh over various controversies.
;;-0.4215;;the government maintained that it was ready to discuss the controversy related to lalit modi in which swaraj and raje are under attack, the opposition insisted on resignations before any debate could be taken up in the house.
;;-0.4767;;swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje are under attack for their links with lalit modi, the former ipl chairman who is being investigated by the enforcement directorate in an alleged money laundering case.
;;0.0;;sharma asked why swaraj had requested british government to issue travel documents to lalit modi two and a half months after nda came to power in june last year.
;;-0.1027;;while raking up the lalit modi issue, sharma questioned the humanitarian grounds on which britain was requested by swaraj to issue the travel documents to him.
;;0.3612;;jaitley, the leader of the house, said the government was ready for an immediate discussion and that swaraj could make a statement on the issue.
;;0.4215;;if they want a statement from the external affairs minister, we are ready for it.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj will make a statement within five minutes, jaitley said.
;;0.3612;;minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi joined jaitley, saying we are ready for discussion.
;;0.2732;;the leaders discussed four agreements, spokesperson of the external affairs ministry syed akbaruddin said as president sirisena and prime minister modi met at hyderabad house here.
;;0.4404;;earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on the visiting dignitary.
;;0.0;;announcing this external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said views of west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee, who is accompanying modi to bangladesh, will be taken before making a final decision on the pact.
;;0.2023;;identifying water-sharing as an important issue, the external affairs minister said both countries will have to talk about 54 rivers along with teesta.
;;0.34;;if modis jewellery collection is minimal, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has gold and silver jewellery with a market value of 23.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj sent a message to her french counterpart laurent fabius.
;;-0.1027;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj herself reportedly made some 60 calls to her counterparts across the world in the past few days to canvass for bhandari, thereby leading fromthe front as her ministry lobbied hard.
;;-0.8779;;sushma may meet chinese counterpartanirban bhaumik, new delhi, june 25, 2015, dhns: 1:20 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj may have a meeting with her chinese counterpart wang yi in kathmandu on thursday and convey new delhis disappointment with beijings move to block indias bid get united nations act against pakistan for failing to keep terror mastermind zaki ur rehman lakhvi behind bars.
;;0.4019;;both swaraj and wang are now in kathmandu to attend an international conference, which the nepalese government is set to host on thursday to solicit support from international community to rebuild the quake-ravaged nation.
;;0.0;;officials told deccan herald that indian and chinese diplomats in kathmandu were exploring the possibility of a bilateral meeting between the external affairs minister and chinese foreign minister on the sidelines of the conference.
;;-0.4767;;if sushmaswaraj has a meeting with wang in kathmandu, it will be the first high-level interaction between new delhi and beijing after chinas move to shield pakistan from un actions disappointed india.
;;0.4767;;sushma is likely to make it clear to wang that india is upset because chinas stand in the un security councils al-qaeda sanctions committee on the issue of lakhvis release went against the spirit of the joint statement issued after prime minister narendra modis meeting with chinese premier li keqiang in beijing last month, sources said.
;;-0.6908;;according to the sources, sushmaswaraj may convey to wang that new delhi is disappointed as beijing decided to shield islamabad even after modi, himself, took up the issue of lakhvi during his meeting with li and sought beijings support to indias bid to get un act against pakistan for allowing the mastermind of the november 26-28, 2008 terrorist attacks in mumbai walk free.
;;0.0;;with the main opposition party unrelenting on its demand for the resignation of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan and madhya pradesh chief ministers vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan, bjp said there was no basis for such a demand and the parliamentary party stands with them.
;;-0.5994;;on the congress demand for the resignation of swaraj, raje and chouhan, it said there is no basis for it.
;;-0.5574;;the main event will be at the un headquarters where external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will be joined by un secretary general ban ki-moon and president of the general assembly sam kutesa.
;;-0.128;;the session was virtually a wash-off because of the congress and other opposition parties rigid demand for the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in the lalitgate issue.
;;0.6369;;soon after his son was hospitalised, siddaramaiah had spoken to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, seeking her assistance in getting the best treatment for his son in belgium.
;;0.0;;he said he would also discuss the issue with union home minister rajnath singh and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.34;;the ministry of external affairs confirmed on january 11 that national security advisor (nsa) ajit doval met his pakistani counterpart lt.
;;0.0;;this was corroborated when days after the nsas met, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj went to islamabad to attend a heart of asia process meeting on afghanistan.
;;0.0;;parrikar and rathore brought up the lalit modi controversy as part of the bjp's programme to take on the congress over the virtual wash-out of parliament's month-long monsoon session mainly over the issue of the former cricketer administrator's links with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;speaking to reporters after holding a meeting with the officials of the external affairs ministry, industries minister r v desphande said the three-day event will commence from january 7.
;;0.0;;on january 7, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will inaugurate an interaction programme between the youth from various parts of the world.
;;-0.4588;;keeping up the pressure on the issue of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's help to london-based modi to obtain british travel documents, the congress vice president said that she had given long statements in the lok sabha yesterday but had not answered why she had helped the fugitive wanted in india by enforcement agenciesdismissing swaraj's charge against his late father rajiv gandhi in the bofors case, rahul told reporters that his name had been cleared by the judicial system in the but the matter had been going on for 30 years with the opposition keeping on attacking him.
;;-0.0258;;the party also demanded unqualified apology from swaraj for allegations against rajiv gandhi during yesterday's debate in the lok sabha and approached the speaker to seek expunction of the charges against the former prime ministerannouncing the nda campaign in the constituencies of 44 congress and 9 left mps, jaitley said one union minister and 4 mps will hold public meetings and events in their seats.
;;0.34;;meanwhile, the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs (ccpa) met today and decided not to prorogue the session, a move that gives the government the flexibility to convene parliament at a short notice.
;;0.4215;;un to declare june 21 as world yoga day: swarajnew delhi, dec 7, 2014 (pti): 20:57 istthe united nations will soon declare june 21 as world yoga day following a proposal by prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;-0.9393;;terror incidents call for world to come together: sushmaswaraj swarajnew delhi, dec 17, 2014, (ians) : 17:12 istthe sydney cafe hostage crisis and the peshawar school horror are a call to the world to stand up and counter terror together, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj wednesday said.
;;-0.7351;;the prime minister in a late night conversation with prime minister nawaz sharif informed him that the people of india shared the heart-rending pain and sorrow of the bereaved families and the people of pakistan and stood with them in solidarity, sushmaswaraj swaraj added.
;;-0.5267;;the meeting was also marred by the unhappiness expressed by senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj, known to be close to advani, over his absence.
;;-0.3071;;'the high commission wrote to the ministry of external affairs and the foreigners' division in the ministry of home affairs to confirm the nationality of the prisoner, but they have done nothing, meenakshi said.
;;0.0;;the couple have now moved the karnataka high court, seeking directions to the ministry of external affairs and home affairs to bring yashwant back.
;;0.128;;despite writing to prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, and personally meeting home minister rajnath singh, they have found no help, he added.
;;-0.5267;;a tv channel, which had yesterday interviewed modi, in the eye of a raging political storm over assistance extended to him by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in obtaining travel papers in the uk, had quoted him having said he was also helped by ncp leaders sharad pawar and praful patel.
;;0.0;;union ministers rajnath singh, nitin gadkari and sushmaswaraj swaraj were among those present on the occasion.
;;0.4939;;two years ago, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, leaders of the opposition in the lok sabha and rajya sabha respectively, wrote to then prime minister manmohan singh saying that the decision appointing sinha as the next cbi chief should be kept on hold till the collegium system becomes a law as recommended by the rajya sabha select committee on lokpal.
;;0.4939;;on behalf of his government, pakistans high commissioner to india, abdul basit, sent sweets on the occasion of deepavali to the president, the prime minister and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday.
;;0.0;;during her recent visit to the uk, swaraj conveyed to british deputy prime minister nick clegg new delhis concerns over the march being planned by anti-india elements in london.
;;-0.461;;clegg is understood to have told swaraj that while british government could not stop organisers from holding the event in london, it had no intention to intervene in the dispute over kashmir and believed that the issue should be bilaterally settled by india and pakistan.
;;0.8687;;now it is possible that forces inimical to india-uk relations may utilise opportunities of this sort and it was in this context that we discussed with the uk and we were reassured repeatedly that the uks view is very clear and that it is for india and pakistan to resolve any issue that they have by themselves, spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs akbaruddin told journalists on friday.
;;0.3089;;my husband not lalit modi's lawyer in passport case: sushmanew delhi, aug 12, 2015, (ians) 16:04 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday said her husband swaraj kaushal was not the lawyer for former ipl chief lalit modi in his passport case and she was not at fault in the issuance of travel documents to him by the british government.
;;-0.8285;;sushma swaraj, who earlier spoke in the house, reiterated she did not help lalit modi but his wife who was to undergo a medical procedure for cancer treatment in portugal.
;;0.1779;;sushma swaraj also cited other instances of alleged conflict of interest by congress leaders.
;;-0.1027;;the congress is demanding the resignation of sushmaswaraj swaraj over her alleged help to former indian premier league chief lalit modi, who is facing investigation by the enforcement directorate.
;;0.0;;it was issued four months before external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj helped him get a travel document from british government for a visit to portugal.
;;-0.5023;;modi left for uk on may 14, 2010, about a month after one of his posts on twitter not only led to resignation of the then minister of state for external affairs shashi tharoor, but also brought the ipl under scanner with charges of financial irregularities.
;;0.4404;;replying to his contentions, kumar said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj takes up cases involving indians with authorities of foreign governments and that safety of overseas indians was a matter of priority for the government.
;;0.2023;;home minister rajnath singh has been given the front row seat next to prime minister narendra modi in the treasury benches, along with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and bjp veteran l k advani.
;;0.0;;senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj , who fell out with the reddy brothers and sriramulu, is said to be against the merger.
;;-0.4588;;43 officials in indian diplomatic missions to face actionnew delhi, jun 27, 2015, (pti) 17:43 istgovernment is taking action with regard to complaints against 43 officials of indian diplomatic missions in 17 countries facing a variety of charges including corruption and dereliction of duty, top external affairs ministry sources said today.
;;0.0;;action is being taken in all 43 cases as per established procedure, spokesman of the ministry of external affairs vikas swarup said.
;;-0.4019;;complaints are dealt with as per established and prescribed procedures, swarup told pti from bangkok where he is accompanying external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.8481;;a chef at the indian high commission in new zealand had last month alleged he was kept in slavery and was assaulted by sharmila thapar, wife of ravi thapar, following which the external affairs ministry sent a team to conduct an inquiry.
;;0.128;;no discussion until sushmaswaraj steps down: rahulnew delhi, july 23, 2015 (pti) 17:34 istattacking prime minister narendra modi over his silence on the lalit modi controversy, congress vice president rahul gandhi today said his party was against discussion until external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj steps down.
;;-0.8519;;we got no answer on the vyapam scam, no answer on chhattisgarh and no answer on sushmaswaraj , he told reporters outside parliament.
;;-0.8519;;rahul's comments come against the backdrop of the stalemate persisting in both the houses of parliament with congress-led opposition aggressively pressing for ouster of sushmaswaraj and chief ministers of rajasthan and madhya pradesh vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan over the lalit modi controversy and vyapam scam, which the government rejected.
;;0.1027;;he made it clear that there would be no discussion on the lalit modi controversy unless sushmaswaraj quits office.
;;-0.5267;;sushma has done a criminal act.
;;0.0;;addressing a press conference here, bjp spokesperson shahnawaz hussain said jethmalani had opposed the letter written to prime minister manmohan singh by sushmaswaraj swaraj, leader of opposition in the lok sabha, and arun jaitley, leader of opposition in the rajya sabha, asking him to keep the cbi directors appointment in abeyance.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has told kerala chief minister oommen chandy, that since all the airports in yemen are closed, the plan is to bring people to the neighbouring country djibouti by ships and from there to india in aircraft, a government release said here.
;;0.4404;;stand on lakhvi not in line with growing ties, delhi tells beijingnew delhi, june 26, 2015, dhns: 1:38 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday told her chinese counterpart wang yi that beijings move to shield pakistan from actions by united nations for recent release of terror plotter zaki ur rahman lakhvi was at variance with progress in india-china bilateral relations.
;;-0.296;;the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had stated that geeta refused to identify the mahatos as her family.
;;-0.4215;;sadly, this comes at a time when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is in china.
;;0.4019;;is our minister of state for home affairs (kiren rijiju), who hails from the north-east, an outsider according to his own party?
;;0.1531;;the activists had earlier met senior bjp leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj here to lobby for the party's support for inclusion of lower bureaucracy, judiciary and cbi under the purview of proposed lokpal.
;;0.7003;;our government is resolved to move with a great sense of priority and speed to implement the 'act east policy', external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said here today during an interaction with indian business leaders.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chief ministers of the north-eastern states on friday discussed india's connectivity initiatives with the neighbouring countries.
;;0.6249;;greater connectivity and economic integration of the north-east with its eastern neighbours were considered a key focus area for growth and development of the region, the external affairs minister told the chief ministers.
;;0.34;;sarbananda sonowal, n biren singh, conrad sangma, neiphiu rio and biplab kumar deb  the chief ministers of assam, manipur, meghalaya, nagaland and tripura, respectively  attended the meeting chaired by the external affairs minister.
;;0.4019;;sushma briefed the chief ministers about the government's act east policy, which received a major boost following the asean-india commemorative summit held in new delhi on january 25 this year.
;;0.0;;rajiv kumar, vice chairman of the niti aayog, and minister of state for external affairs v k singh also attended the meeting.
;;0.0;;they deliberated on the region's intra-regional and sub-regional surface and air linkages, focusing on seamless connectivity with its contiguous neighbourhood, raveesh kumar, official spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs, said.
;;0.6908;;sushma keeps her word, embassy grants visa to bride in karachijaipur, oct 13, 2016, dhns: 0:59 istminister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had assured to issue visa to the would-be bride of naresh tewani, has kept her promise.
;;0.25;;tewani created a twitter account on october 6 to directly communicate with the ministry of external affairs and the indian government after his bride in karachi was unable to get the visa.
;;0.6908;;on october 7, sushmaswaraj responded to his messages and assured him that his fiance and her familys visa will be taken care of.
;;0.7351;;new delhi: dec 7, 2015, dhns: 10:00 istmeet may lead to resumption of dialogueexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is set to visit islamabad from tuesday, even as the government drew flak from within the ruling coalition as well as the opposition parties after national security advisor and foreign secretary met their counterparts from pakistan in bangkok on sunday.
;;0.0;;though swaraj will visit islamabad to represent new delhi in a multilateral conclave on afghanistan, she will also have a bilateral meeting with her host and counterpart, sartaj aziz, on the sideline.
;;-0.4767;;the meeting between swaraj and aziz may lead to resumption of india-pakistan dialogue, which remained suspended since january 2013.
;;0.0;;eam @sushmaswaraj to lead indian delegation for heart of asia 5th ministerial meeting on afghanistan on december 9 in islamabad, external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup posted on twitter on monday.
;;0.5106;;a press trust of india report from islamabad quoted aziz, foreign affairs advisor of pakistan prime minister m nawaz sharif, telling mediapersons that his meeting with swaraj would focus on resumption of composite dialogue process between the two neighbouring countries.
;;0.5423;;the government announced external affairs ministers visit to islamabad just a day after india and pakistan sprang a surprise with a meeting between prime minister narendra modis national security advisor ajit doval and his counterpart naseer khan janjua at a hotel in the suvarnabhumim airport in bangkok.
;;0.6131;;the congress, despite a weak presence in the lok sabha, has taken a strident stand seeking resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan and madhya pradesh chief ministers vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan, respectively, before engaging in any talks with the government.
;;-0.6908;;the congress has also decided to take the fight against swaraj to her residence where activists of the partys youth wing would stage protests on monday to step up pressure on the modi government.
;;0.0;;but evgenii, not evangenil as sushmaswaraj swaraj addressed him, wants to come to bengaluru next before his visa expires.
;;-0.6808;;the opposition is demanding the resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for helping former indian premier league chief lalit modi, and of madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over the vyapam scam issue.
;;-0.296;;he said that the indian embassy at riyadh has given its no objection certificate and that the family had also approached prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.296;;finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, defence minister manohar parrikar, transport minister nitin gadkari, urban development minister venkaiah naidu, chemicals and fertilisers minister ananth kumar, health minister jp nadda were among these present today besides shah.
;;-0.4215;;as social media exploded over the treatment meted out to the activist, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took to twitter to express regret over the incident, and said she would discuss the issue with home minister rajnath singh.
;;-0.0772;;sushma tweeted, i am sorry to know this.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj calls on merkel, meets her german counterpartnew delhi, oct 5, 2015, (ians) 12:11 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday called on german chancellor angela merkel here before delegation level talks began between the two countries.
;;0.4019;;sushma swaraj calls on chancellor angela merkel, welcomes her before delegation level talks.
;;0.1531;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and (german) foreign minister steinmeier have an early morning meeting to begin engagements.
;;0.3182;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her sri lankan counterpart mangala samaraweera, during their over three-hour-long talks, reviewed the entire expanse of bilateral ties and explored ways to further strengthen cooperation in various areas.
;;0.8885;;today's talks have been marked by warmth, mutual respect and understanding between india and sri lanka and the substantive outcomes demonstrate the desire of both countries to give a boost to the ties, spokesperson in the ministry of external affairs syed akbaruddin told reporters.
;;0.5574;;official spokesperson in the external affairs ministry vikas swarup said in the case filed by the family of kargil martyr capt kalia in the supreme court, the government has held the conventional position under the commonwealth provisions.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in udaipur, said the government discussed and reviewed the position held by it and previous governments on the issue.
;;0.0;;rollback fdi in retail and (you can) run the house, leader of opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj told the government.
;;0.4588;;hours after he arrived, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on abe during which a host of issues of mutual interest figured.
;;0.7579;;carrying forward a positive legacy of friendship and cooperation: eam @sushmaswaraj calls on japanese pm @abeshinzo, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
;;-0.0772;;bjp's double standards exposed, says nitishpatna, june 16, 2015, dhns: 23:26 istbihar chief minister nitish kumar on monday assailed the bjp for adopting double standards in the lalit modi row in which the opposition has been baying for external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs blood.
;;-0.0516;;and now, when a uk newspaper has exposed this misdemeanour, the entire bjp leaders, backed by its parent organisation, rss, have joined hands to defend swaraj, said nitish.
;;0.3612;;five indians abducted by pirates; are safe: sushmaswaraj swarajnew delhi, dec 18, 2015, (pti) 16:25 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said all five indian sailors have been abducted by pirates in nigeria but are safe.
;;-0.5859;;a day after swaraj sought a report on the abduction of the indian nationals, the minister said, our high commissioner in nigeria a r ghanshyam met president of nigeria on 12 december.
;;-0.52;;yesterday, a request seeking help was made on twitter about five indian sailors being kidnapped in warri, nigeria on december 11 and that they are still not freed, to which swaraj had tweeted that, i have asked for a report on the abduction of 5 indian sailors in nigeria.
;;-0.1779;;with the lalit modi controversy snowballing into a bigger row by the day, ramesh also demanded the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had helped modi secure travel documents for him in the uk, besides that of hrd minister smriti irani, caught in a row over furnishing different informations about her educational qualifications in election affidavits.
;;-0.296;;it should be followed by the resignation of foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and hrd minister smriti irani, he said.
;;0.4215;;new delhi also on february 18 last submitted a list of 11 individuals and an organization to the united nations 1267/1989/2253 isil (daesh) and al qaida sanctions committee, seeking sanctions on them, external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, informed the lok sabha in response to a query.
;;0.3716;;it is a great anomaly that the organisation jem is listed, but not its leader, vikas swarup, official spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs said.
;;0.0258;;vasundhara left to fend for herselfdalip singh, new delhi, june 18, 2015, dhns 1:51 istcricket & politics: no union minister supported rajasthan cmthe modi government and the bjp do not appear to be inclined to defend rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje unlike in the case of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, where the toss brass went all out to defend her.
;;-0.4215;;on the contrary, hours after the controversy broke out on news television on sunday, bjp president amit shah and union home minister rajnath singh had rushed to defend swaraj endorsing her version that she helped lalit on humanitarian ground.
;;0.4939;;when asked to comment on rajes case, telecom minister ravi shankar prasad told reporters that sushmaswaraj swarajs case was of a compassionate intervention for humanitarian cause.
;;0.0;;she had another meeting with swaraj later in the day.
;;-0.34;;since the monsoon session of parliament began on tuesday the lok sabha and the rajya sabha has witnessed repeated disruptions by the opposition over the lalitgate controversy involving external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje.
;;0.4019;;at his request, pakistan mp & chairman of tehreek-e-insaf party imran khan called on pm @narendramodi today, external affairs ministry spokesman vikas swarup tweeted along with a picture of the two.
;;0.6705;;during external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's visit to pakistan earlier this week for the heart of asia conference on peace and stability in afghanistan, the new delhi and islamabad decided to start a comprehensive bilateral dialogue covering the entire gamut of issues.
;;0.0;;sources said the two leaders were sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley.
;;0.5574;;sources in congress, however, said that swaraj and jaitley may be in agreement but chidambaram needed to convince senior bjp leader yashwant sinha, who is vociferously opposing the changes incorporated by the finance ministry.
;;0.0258;;us assistant secretary of state for south and central asian affairs, nisha biswal, is set to reach new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;biswal is visiting new delhi for discussions with ministry of external affairs and ministry of commerce and industry officials and for preparations for the india-us strategic and commercial dialogue, likely to be held in washington dc next month.
;;0.0;;biswal is likely to meet foreign secretary s jaishankar and the joint secretary (americas) in the ministry of external affairs, vinay mohan kwatra.
;;0.7351;;new delhi is likely to convey to washington that while it is still committed to the ufa understanding, any future engagement would be possible only if pakistan agreed to adhere to the red lines drawn by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.5267;;govt rules out sushmaswaraj quitting, par session may be stormynew delhi, july 14, 2015, (pti) 21:54 istthe monsoon session of parliament is set to be stormy with government today rejecting outright the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and any of the bjp chief ministers, issues over which the opposition have closed ranks and plan to corner the treasury benches.
;;-0.34;;while the opposition is determined to seek the scalp of swaraj, chief ministers vasundhara raje, shivraj singh chouhan and raman singh over various scams, union minister m venkaiah naidu today ruled out any such possibility.
;;0.4019;;the two met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi on tuesday on the issue and requested her to obtain the blacklist since it would help several indian students trying for higher studies in the us.
;;0.0;;we have apprised the external affairs minister of the ongoing deportation issue of telugu students from san francisco by the us customs authorities and urged her to speak to her counterparts in usa, raju told reporters.
;;0.9153;;sushma gives wealth goddess festival a misslast updated: 12 august, 2011bellary, aug 12 (ians) 18:16 istfor the rags-to-riches or rather bicycle-to-choppers reddy brothers of karnataka, this years festival of hindu wealth goddess lakshmi friday lacked lustre.
;;0.6249;;missing at the varamahalakshmi pooja in the reddys political base, the iron ore rich bellary district, about 300 km from bangalore, was their thayi (mother) sushmaswaraj swaraj of the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
;;0.4588;;since 1999, except in 2008 and this year, it was sushmaswaraj swaraj who was the star attraction at the pooja held at a doctors residence in bellary and at the mass marriage ceremony.
;;0.2023;;the reason apparently given by sushmaswaraj swaraj for giving the miss to the friday event is a bereavement in her family.
;;-0.4215;;the reddys were struggling businessmen in 1999 when they joined the bjp just ahead of the lok sabha polls and came into contact with sushmaswaraj swaraj as she took on congress president sonia gandhi in bellary.
;;0.1531;;since then the reddys always addressed sushmaswaraj swaraj as thayi and used to gush that they would never go against her wishes.
;;0.0;;in a tweet, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, we will evacuate india's u-14 girls football team on priority.
;;0.0;;he also had a separate meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4939;;according to a statement issued by the ministry of external affairs, modi and tony tan had wide-ranging discussions on enhancement of bilateral relations and strengthening of cooperation on regional and international issues to raise india-singapore partnership to a higher level.
;;0.0772;;the invite was again conveyed by three ministers  sushmaswaraj swaraj, nitin gadkari and mukhtar abbas naqvi  to sisi in july and august but each time the response was lukewarm.
;;0.6908;;india was represented only by an official at the cairo international conference on pledging financial support for the reconstruction of gaza in october 2014, though foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj showed interest initially.
;;0.4019;;kerala government and external affairs ministry had intervened to help them.
;;0.0258;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had earlier stated in new delhi that the three men had been given police protection and the matter was being followed up.
;;0.0;;we will hold yoga events on the premises of our embassy there, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told reporters when queried about the issue.
;;0.5423;;to a question about external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's statement that pakistan cannot take kashmir issue to the international court of justice (icj), he said pakistan was a sovereign country and reserves the right to take up any matter at any forum it deemed appropriate.
;;0.7579;;national security advisor ajit doval and his pakistani counterpart nasir janjua have agreed to carry forward the constructive engagement process, the ministry of external affairs (mea) said in a press statement.
;;0.0;;the latest meeting happened on the eve of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs likely tour to islamabad later this week to attend the heart of asia conference on afghanistan.
;;0.5106;;greater noida, mar 28, 2017, (pti) 19:57 istfive people have been arrested in connection with attacks on african students in greater noida, sparking concern over their safety and prompting intervention by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who has promised immediate action.
;;-0.743;;while swaraj spoke to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath after being approached by an african student who pleaded for action describing the situation as life threatening, her ministry termed these attacks as deplorable.
;;0.0;;a senior high commission official said the mission was in touch with the external affairs ministry on the issue.
;;0.6369;;minister of state for external affairs m j akbar spoke to the acting high commissioner of nigeria here to discuss the steps being taken by the local authorities for safety and security of nigerian nationals, baglay said.
;;-0.7269;;state co-ordinating to bring back body of koppal manbengaluru/new delhi, dhns & agencies, feb 21, 2017: 1:11 istchief minister siddaramaiah on monday said the state government was coordinating with the ministry of external affairs to bring home the body of syed farooq basha, who was shot dead by rebel fighters in south sudan.
;;0.4019;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday directed the indian high commission in south sudan to help the family of basha in bringing his body back to india.
;;0.3818;;indian high commissioner in south sudan  plz contact the bereaved family and help them, swaraj tweeted in response to an appeal for help by bashas cousin.
;;0.6369;;swaraj also tweeted the response of the indian high commissioner, saying that the embassy had spoken to the family of basha and promised them all help.
;;0.0;;its leaders had also met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and congress president sonia gandhi.
;;-0.5093;;external affairs minister, s.m.krishna is reported to have described the incident as unfortunate!
;;0.0;;venkatesh navaratnabangalore-560010sir,this refers to the article kannada meet was a wasteful affair: moily (dh, march 14).
;;0.0;;opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj has raised an objection on thomas candidature for the post of cvc even though the brief before the committee was silent on the allegations against him.
;;0.0;;new delhi, aug 7, 2015, (ians): 12:16 istcongress vice president rahul gandhi on friday said that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's family has received money from former ipl chairman lalit modi.
;;-0.2755;;sushma swaraj on thursday told the lok sabha that she did not recommend to the british government to give travel documents to former ipl chief lalit modi.
;;0.0;;in this case, sushmaswaraj has maintained full secrecy.
;;0.0;;nobody in the ministry other than sushmaswaraj swaraj knew about this decision.
;;0.128;;congress vice-president rahul gandhi said the party would keep up the pressure on the centre to dismiss external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and two chief ministers.
;;0.0;;while opposition led by congress pressed for suspension of business to discuss the issue and seek the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for allegedly trying to help the controversial former ipl head lalit modi, leader of the house arun jaitley rebutted it saying the notice given by anand sharma (cong) only sought a discussion without any condition or caveat like resignation of any minister.
;;0.0516;;the treasury benches ruled out the resignation of any minister and said the government was ready for discussion on the issue, while the opposition demanded that swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje should quit on the issue.
;;-0.5574;;while minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said no minister will resign, while jaitley said the notice given by sharma today was without any such condition.
;;0.128;;the indian delegation would be led by the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the defense minister nirmala sitharaman.
;;-0.296;;though there was no official announcement to this effect, sources said that foreign secretary s jaishankar will travel to islamabad to hold talks with sartaj aziz, the pakistani prime minister's adviser on foreign affairs.
;;0.25;;the meeting will discuss modalities of bilateral comprehensive dialogue which was announced during the visit of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to islamabad earlier this month.
;;0.0;;later, the external affairs minister visited pakistan to attend heart of asia conference.
;;0.6808;;but, the party government in gujarat has issued a circular classifying people earning less than rs 11 and rs 15 a day in rural and urban areas respectively as below poverty line, singh said, urging bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj to make her partys stand clear on the issue.
;;0.0;;sushma an expert in theatrics, says sonianew delhi, aug 08, 2015, dhns: 1:07 istcongress president sonia gandhi on friday called external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj an expert in theatrics.
;;-0.2023;;the sharp rejoinder came after swaraj on thursday, while defending her action of facilitating british travel documents for the controversial ipl ex-chief to apparently attend to his cancer-stricken wife, asked what sonia would have done in the same situation.
;;-0.2263;;swaraj is an expert in theatrics, said sonia while joining the protests on parliament premises against lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan suspending 25 congress members for unruly behaviour.
;;0.0;;with rahul in-charge of parliamentary strategy now, the congress has been going all-out against swaraj.
;;-0.2263;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj informed the rajya sabha on thursday that regional passport offices in consultation with the consular, passport and visa division of her ministry had the authority to move only up to high courts to file appeals against lower courts order for restoration of passports revoked, impounded or seized on request of investigation agencies.
;;0.4215;;swaraj has been at the centre of a controversy since last month in the wake of revelations that she had helped lalit modi get a travel document from the united kingdom authorities at a time after his passport had been revoked by india for not complying with the summonses issued by the enforcement directorate.
;;-0.0;;unaware of travel papers: ex-foreign secynew delhi, june 17, 2015, dhns 1:45 istformer foreign secretary sujatha singhs assertion that she had no knowledge of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj intervening in favour of ipl ex-chief lalit modi getting a travel document from the uk has cast a shadow on the manner in which the ministries of finance and external affairs went about the matter.
;;0.1779;;sources said the mea had no document with it about swarajs intervention in favour of modi as the external affairs minister had possibly communicated her views to the british high commissioner verbally.
;;0.5713;;the ministries of finance and external affairs on tuesday appeared to pass the buck to each other as the government struggled to explain why delhi high courts judgment restoring modis passport had not yet been challenged in the supreme court.
;;0.34;;new delhi, aug 23 , 2026 12:43 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today embarked on a two-nation tour of egypt and germany which is expected to see new vistas being opened in bilateral ties with particular focus on boosting trade and investment.
;;0.0;;swaraj, in her first visit to the country as external affairs minister, is also scheduled to deliver a public address at the prestigious diplomatic club in cairo to be hosted by the egyptian council for foreign affairs.
;;0.7003;;the minister's visit to cairo will provide an opportunity to review the entire gamut of our bilateral and multilateral relations and to exchange views with the egyptian leadership covering whole range of issues of mutual interest, the external affairs ministry said.
;;0.0772;;during her visit to berlin from august 25-27, swaraj will hold meetings with german foreign minister frank walter steinmeier and a number of other leaders.
;;0.128;;lalit modi has been in the news after reports of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje helping him in procuring travel documents in the uk, a country which he has made his home to avoid legal processes in india, erupted recently.
;;-0.2755;;the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs, which met on thursday, decided not to recommend immediate prorogation of the houses.
;;-0.7717;;the congress forced repeated adjournments in both lok sabha and rajya sabha over its demand for the resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhra raje over their alleged help to former ipl chief lalit modi and of madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over the vyapam recruitment scam.
;;0.1531;;the world looks up to india and south africa for providing leadership, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said as she recalled the role of iconic leaders mahatma gandhi and nelson mandela in giving hope to those facing injustice and discrimination.
;;0.0;;swaraj was the keynote speaker at a banquet at the city hall here marking the 125th anniversary of the day when on june 7, 1893, mohandas karamchand gandhi, a young lawyer then, was thrown off a train compartment reserved for whites only.
;;0.4404;;swaraj lauded the role of indian-origin south africans in the struggle for freedom.
;;0.1027;;swaraj recalled the support that india provided to south africa at international forums during its struggle against apartheid.
;;0.0;;swaraj also highlighted the participation by south african youth in various programmes run by india.
;;0.4019;;our mission will provide you all help, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted shortly after the massive quake rocked the neighbouring country.
;;0.0;;swaraj also posted on twitter the phone numbers of the control rooms set up at the indian embassy in kathmandu and the ministry of external affairs headquarters in new delhi.
;;0.4215;;union minister of state for external affairs v k singh said government was in close and regular contact with relevant iraqi government authorities to obtain information on their whereabouts and safety.
;;0.6486;;singh said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had personally spoken to her counterparts in the gulf cooperation council as well as other friendly countries in the region to assist in locating the indian nationals.
;;-0.296;;but he is unaware when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was talking to uk authorities on lalit modi's travel documents.
;;0.1027;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had yesterday flagged off the batch in delhi and it reached dharchula base camp today.
;;0.0;;modalities for opening the second route via sikki were finalised on february 1 when swaraj had visited china.
;;-0.8689;;new delhi, jul 24, 2015 (pti) 16:12 istbjp today threatened to file criminal defamation case against congress vice-president rahul gandhi for terming external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's actions in the lalit modi issue as a criminal act.
;;-0.09;;and because of these words, i am demanding that rahul gandhi should make an apology to the country because it is not only defaming sushmaswaraj swaraj, but defaming the foreign minister of the country, who is the representative of india in the world, union minister nitin gadkari said.
;;-0.6808;;we will have to file criminal defamation case against him, the bjp leader said while describing gandhi's remarks against swaraj as childish and immature politics.
;;0.0711;;stressing that allegations against swaraj were baseless, he said that she had not violated the law, constitution or indulged in any corrupt activities.
;;0.0;;allegations against sushmaswaraj swaraj are all are baseless.
;;-0.5267;;sushma has done a criminal act.
;;-0.2263;;we have sent e-mail complaints to chief minister oommen chandy and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, seeking urgent steps to bring back our son, he said.
;;0.1027;;mr. modi, who was dressed in a white kurta pyjama with a red coloured shawl draped on his left shoulder, was accompanied by defence and finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, urban development minister venkaiah naidu, delhi lt.
;;-0.25;;new delhi: feb 5, 2016, dhns 8:00 ista five-member team from the ministry of external affairs, including the high commissioner of tanzania, will arrive in bengaluru on friday to reassure the african students in the wake of sundays incident in which a tanzanian woman was stripped and assaulted by a mob.
;;0.0;;the mea teams plan to travel to bengaluru was firmed up at a review meeting chaired by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who received a report from the bengaluru police commissioner about the incident.
;;0.7783;;sushma also spoke to karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah to ensure safety and security of all foreign students in the state.
;;-0.5859;;new delhi, feb 4, 2016, dhns 2:53 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday called up chief minister siddaramaiah to enquire about the assault on a young woman from tanzania in bengaluru.
;;-0.6486;;she called up siddaramaiah after the high commission of tanzania in new delhi wrote to ministry of external affairs and demanded action against the people, who assaulted, stripped tanzanian student when she was passing by the site of a road mishap in bengaluru late on sunday.
;;-0.7425;;we are deeply pained over the shameful incident with a tanzanian girl in bengaluru, swaraj posted on twitter.
;;0.5423;;in a note verbale to the ministry of external affairs in new delhi, high commissioner of tanzania in india, john w h kijazi, asked for details about the incident in bengaluru and requested for necessary legal action against people involved in the assault and necessary measures to ensure safety and security of all tanzanian students in india.
;;0.2732;;setting the tone of consensus in the house, mukherjee agreed with leader of the opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj that the lokpal bill could not be passed even though the idea was around for over four decades.
;;-0.0516;;an emergency meeting of two senior bjp leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj with mukherjee in his chamber in the parliament house later salvaged the situation with government agreeing to have the sense of the house on the three issues.
;;-0.8126;;bjp attacks aap over tomar, kejriwal demands sushma's sackingnew delhi, june 23, 2015, ians: 21:41 istthe first day of the delhi assembly budget session witnessed several disruptions by the bjp mlas over former minister jitender singh tomar's alleged fake degree even as chief minister arvind kejriwal asked prime minister narendra modi to sack external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for alleged impropriety.
;;-0.296;;kejriwal compared the tomar development with the demands now being raised for external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's resignation.
;;-0.4767;;saying that tomar had misled him over the genuineness of his allegedly fake law degree, kejriwal said modi too had been misled by his cabinet colleagues, and mentioned sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje by name.
;;0.0;;he should remove sushmaswaraj swaraj from the cabinet, the chief minister said.
;;-0.4588;;he also demanded an independent investigation into charges that both the rajasthan chief minister and the external affairs minister helped former ipl chief lalit modi who fled india.
;;-0.5267;;pm getting 'scared', will put pressure for bringing back lalit modi: rahulnew delhi, aug 13, 2015 (pti) 15:35 istrejecting the government's defence over the lalit modi issue, rahul gandhi today launched a scathing attack on external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and prime minister narendra modi, whom he dared to bring the former ipl commissioner back to india for cleansing cricket.
;;0.0;;he further alleged that swaraj, jaitley and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje were protecting that network.
;;-0.7783;;intervening in a debate in lok sabha yesterday, swaraj had torn into congress, saying it had helped bofors accused ottavio quattrocchi and bhopal gas leak accused warren anderson flee india and roped in rajiv gandhi in this regard.
;;-0.296;;no dates have been finalised for modi's visit which will take place on mutually convenient dates, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;0.0;;jaswant singh and s m krishna had visited the jewish nation as external affairs ministers.
;;0.7579;;pakistan, however, insisted that it would agree only if another meeting was arranged between aziz and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to discuss resumption of dialogue on all other outstanding issues, including the issue of kashmir, sources said in new delhi.
;;0.0;;burns' visit is in advance of the indo-us dialogue, to be chaired by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her american counterpart john kerry who will be here on july 31.
;;0.0;;under the operation 'raahat', 6,688 people were evacuated from yemen, including 4,741 indians and 1,947 foreign nationals by air and sea routes, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in a suo motu statement.
;;0.2323;;she praised minister of state for external affairs gen (retd) v k singh, who personally supervised the evacuation efforts in djibouti and shuttled between sana'a and djibouti sparing no effort to accomplish this difficult task.
;;0.3182;;india also deputed 26 officials from the ministry of external affairs to djibouti and sanaa to strengthen and coordinate the evacuation efforts, she said.
;;0.0;;an inter-ministerial 'standing group for repatriation of indian nationals from abroad', headed by secretary (east) in the ministry of external affairs anil wadhwa met, on a daily basis since march 26 to plan, coordinate and implement the evacuation plans, she said.
;;0.0;;a 24-hour control room and help-lines were established in the ministry of external affairs from march 26 to assist indian nationals in yemen and their concerned family members in india.
;;-0.8225;;since the monsoon session began on july 21, the congress members have been stalling the proceedings demanding resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for their involvement in the lalitgate controversy and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan for his reported involvement in the vyapam scam.
;;0.9485;;as heads of missions, you shall have to ensure that india, as a respected and responsible player in world affairs and an emerging economic power, responds to the new challenges appropriately  to her best advantage, safeguarding her core interests at all times, mukherjee said.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday inaugurated the eighth heads of missions conference.
;;0.4939;;on external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's visit to pakisatan, hussain said afghanistan is a friend of india and she has gone there to take part in a meeting in that country.
;;-0.7845;;our external affairs minister has gone to pakistan and she has forcefully raised her voice against terrorism, he said, claiming her visit has diffused some tension in the ties between the two countries.
;;0.4215;;notwithstanding the brouhaha over external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs recommendation for issue of travel document to modi, the home office of the british government said that its decision was in accordance with the immigration rules of the united kingdom.
;;0.4019;;modis request for swarajs help just a few weeks after she took over as the external affairs minister of the new government led by prime minister narendra modi in may 2014.
;;0.5588;;swaraj, according to her own posts on twitter on sunday, conveyed to londons envoy to delhi, james bevan, that if the british government decided to grant travel document to modi, it would not have any adverse impact on india-uk relations.
;;0.7096;;govt decides to merge overseas indians ministry with meanew delhi, jan 7, 2016, (pti): 18:43 istnearly 12 years after it was set up to improve engagement with the indian diaspora, the government has decided to merge the ministry of overseas indian affairs (moia) with the external affairs ministry in sync with its broad principle of minimum government, maximum governance.
;;0.1027;;the proposal for merger was cleared by prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who also holds charge of the moia said.
;;0.2023;;as minister for external affairs and overseas indian affairs, i realised that substantial work of moia is done through our missions abroad.
;;0.0;;therefore, i proposed to prime minister that moia should be merged with ministry of external affairs.
;;0.0;;so moia will now be part of ministry of external affairs, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.0;;spokesperson in the ministry of external affairs vikas swarup said the decision to merge the moia with mea was taken in line with government's overall objective of minimising government and maximising governance.
;;0.0;;he said the process of merger has already begun and the exercise is being personally supervised by swaraj while keeping in mind the needs of the diaspora.
;;0.0;;however, since 2014 swaraj and minister of state in mea v k singh were handling both the ministries, said swarup.
;;0.0;;established in may 2004 as the ministry of non-resident indians affairs, it was renamed as the ministry of overseas indian affairs in september 2004.
;;-0.2263;;why can't we have it in this house also, he said, demanding a thorough probe into the lalit modi controversy involving external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.1901;;minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said the government was ready for a discussion, but the opposition is running away from it.
;;-0.1779;;referring to charges of involvement of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in helping controversial former ipl head lalit modi obtain travel documents, sharma said if a cabinet minister is involved, it has to be the prime minister who should respond.
;;0.0;;the joint statement came after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met sharif and later his advisor on foreign affairs sartaj aziz here on the concluding day of her two-day visit for attending a multilateral conference on afghanistan.
;;-0.7506;;sushma and aziz noted the successful talks on terrorism and security-related issues in bangkok by the two nsas and decided that the nsas will continue to address all issues connected to terrorism.
;;0.2023;;photographs of former prime minister atal behari vajpayee, former chief minister b s yeddyurappa and senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj adorned the walls of the office building, said to be owned by the reddys.
;;-0.8887;;we cannot accept that let's (lashkar-e-taiba's) chief operation commander zakiur lakhvi, one of the key conspirators of the mumbai terror attacks in which so many innocent people were slaughtered, a person designated as an international terrorist by the unsc, is being released on bail, the external affairs ministry said in a statement.
;;-0.9108;;the external affairs ministry said the bail comes just two days after one of the most dastardly terrorist attacks took place against a school in peshawar, where over a hundred children were purposefully and systematically butchered in the name of revenge.
;;0.0;;the home minister said he would discuss the issue with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj so that the case could be directly taken up with the pakistani authorities.
;;-0.2023;;since the monsoon session began on july 21, congress members have been disrupting the proceeding with vociferous demands for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for helping lalit modi.
;;-0.1027;;defends sushmaswaraj swarajhe defended external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and stated that the party stood by her and there was no question of her resigning.
;;0.6369;;replying to a query on union agriculture minister radha mohan singhs statement that love affairs were the cause of farmer suicides, naidu said, i have gone through the statement.
;;-0.2263;;sushma drags chidambaram into lalitgate rownew delhi, august 13, 2015, dhns: 23:50 istminister says cong leader trying to fix former ipl bossexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday dragged former finance minister p chidambaram into the lalitgate controversy saying he took personal initiative in trying to fix former ipl chief lalit modi.
;;-0.7096;;apart from that, sushmaswaraj also accused chidambarams lawyer wife nalini with getting rs 1 crore from the income tax department in sharada scam while he was finance minister.
;;0.7684;;oppn demands sushmaswaraj scalps but sp says it's oknew delhi, june 14, 2015, dhns 23:27 istin soup: lalit modi enjoys proximity to many bjp leaders, says congressopposition parties on sunday demanded the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for helping former indian premier league (ipl) commissioner lalit modi, a fugitive, in procuring travel documents in the uk.
;;0.1027;;seeking answers from prime minister narendra modi on sushmas controversial conduct, the congress also brought finance minister arun jaitley into the row, wondering, why the fm continued with the lookout notice against modi while swaraj was helping the money-laundering fugitive.
;;0.4318;;senior sp leader ram gopal yadav said sushmaswaraj did not do anything wrong by helping lalit on humanitarian ground, maintaining that it was unfortunate that an unnecessary hype was being created by some people in the matter.
;;-0.1154;;after getting travel documents from the uk government, not only did lalit modi thank external affairs minister but also her husband, he charged, referring the exchange of e-mails between lalit and indian origin british parliamentarian keith vaz.
;;-0.6124;;its a clear-cut case of gross impropriety on part of sushmaswaraj and she should immediately step down as the external affairs minister, surjewala demanded.
;;-0.3818;;jd-u spokesperson k c tyagi condemned sushmaswaraj for helping lalit while cpi leader d raja demanded an explanation from the prime minister.
;;0.0;;aap spokesperson ashutosh said sushmaswaraj should step down.
;;0.3818;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in new delhi that she did not believe the claims and her own sources felt the indian nationals were still alive.
;;-0.7717;;in new delhi, sushmaswaraj swaraj disputed masih's claims and said her sources had not indicated that the indian nationals were dead.
;;0.3818;;i have eight different sources who are saying they are alive, sushmaswaraj swaraj told the media after families of the hostages met her in new delhi on thursday.
;;-0.25;;their families have met sushmaswaraj swaraj and other leaders in new delhi and chandigarh to know the whereabouts of their kin stuck in iraq.
;;-0.25;;india, eu to step up counter terror actsnew delhi, deccan herald news service, apr 22 2017, 1:12 istprime minister narendra modi with european union high representative for foreign affairs and security policy, federica mogherini in a meeting in new delhi on friday.
;;0.5859;;federica mogherini, high representative of the european union for foreign affairs and security policy, called on prime minister narendra modi and national security advisor ajit doval.
;;0.0;;she also had a meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and discussed preparation for the 14th india-eu summit scheduled to be held in new delhi in october.
;;-0.0772;;the darbhanga mp had tweeted that an insider was leaking information about external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs reported support to the disgraced former ipl commissioner when he was trying to seek travel documents in the uk.
;;-0.802;;pathankot attack: sushmaswaraj meets ex-diplomats, former envoys to pakistannew delhi, jan 3, 2016, (ians) 21:00 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday met here with two former foreign secretaries and four former envoys to pakistan as the government sought wider consultation over its policy towards pakistan in the wake of the terror attack on the indian air force base in pathankot that claimed 13 lives, including those of seven indian security personnel.
;;0.6249;;sushma swaraj met with shiv shankar menon, former foreign secretary and national security adviser; shyam saran, former foreign secretary; satinder lambah, former envoy to pakistan and former special envoy to the prime minister who conducted back channel talks with pakistan; and three former envoys to pakistan, t.c.a. raghavan, sharad sabharwal and satyabrata pal.
;;0.7506;;two days later, sushmaswaraj swaraj landed in islamabad to attend the heart of asia conference which engages heart of asia countries for a peaceful and stable afghanistan.
;;0.3612;;then, after a courtesy call on sharif, she held a bilateral with his advisor on foreign affairs, sartaj aziz.
;;0.25;;the meet was followed by the nsas of india and pakistan meeting in bangkok a week later following which external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visited pakistan to attend heart of asia conference during which the two sides announced the resumption of talks under bilateral comprehensive dialogue process.
;;0.9022;;modi promised to end corruption, but he protects his corrupt friends like union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje.
;;-0.6808;;new delhi, aug 23, 2016, (pti) 18:27 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today appealed to the indian workers, who have lost their jobs in saudi arabia, to return to india by september 25 failing which they have to make their own arrangements for boarding, lodging and return journey.
;;-0.2263;;earlier this month, minister of state for external affairs v k singh had rushed to saudi arabia after large number of indian workers sought indian government's intervention in taking up their difficulties with the saudi authorities.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, pandey held talks with india's minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj at the latter's office.
;;0.6249;;swaraj also enquired about the status of the constitution drafting process in nepal and the keenness of political parties for it, said the official.
;;0.8176;;sushma swaraj reiterated that india wanted to see a prosperous, stable, democratic and peaceful nepal.
;;0.0;;the revived nalanda university was inaugurated by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj last month.
;;0.25;;in samastipur, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj struck a similar note, asking voters to be wary of the grand secular alliance under which the state will return to jungle raj.
;;-0.7579;;almost half the session has gone in disruptions as opposition parties led by congress are not allowing discussion while demanding resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje over the lalit modi controversy and that of chouhan in connection with the vyapam scam.
;;0.5106;;the room rent for the prime minister, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and other members of the vip delegation at new york palace hotel cost rs 11.
;;0.3612;;new delhi, july 21, 2015 (ians) 17:11 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on tuesday, the first day of the monsoon session, that she was ready for a debate in parliament over congress allegations about her links with former ipl chief lalit modi.
;;0.128;;rajya sabha witnessed several adjournments on demands for resignations of sushmaswaraj swaraj and some other bjp leaders, while lok sabha was adjourned for the day after obituary references, including to dileep singh bhuria of the bharatiya janata party.
;;-0.128;;the government may also use this window to allow external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to make a statement on the lalitgate row, which she did amidst disruptions in the rajya sabha on monday morning.
;;-0.4497;;but, the floor managers hope hinges on strategy adopted by other non-nda parties which have not joined the congress-led protest inside both the houses seeking resignation of swaraj and two chief ministers - vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan - before taking up a debate on lalitgate and vyapam scam.
;;0.0;;after the lok sabha was adjourned for the day, swaraj met speaker sumitra mahajan at her parliament office.
;;0.0387;;bjp sources said the government might also use this opportunity to clear the air of congress propaganda against swaraj, accusing her of involvement in getting travel documents for disgraced former ipl chief lalit modi.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rural development minister birender singh were also present in the meeting.
;;-0.7579;;the indian premier league (ipl) founder is at the heart of a controversy which has engulfed external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj over accusations that she put diplomatic pressure on uk authorities to secure travel papers for modi to visit portugal, purportedly for his wife's cancer treatment.
;;0.0;;a series of 'sunday times' reports have alleged impropriety on the part of vaz, who also made a reference to swaraj in one of his uk home office emails.
;;0.0;;after the reports surfaced, 63-year-old swaraj said in a series of tweets that she had taken a humanitarian view and conveyed to the british high commissioner that they should examine modi's request as per their rules and if the british government chooses to give travel documents to lalit modi -- that will not spoil our bilateral relations.
;;0.5719;;pak baby gets visa, another pakistani asked to get aziz's nodpress trust of india, islamabad/new delhi, jun 2 2017, 19:27 istken sid, a pakistani national, reached out to swaraj through the social media platform for a medical visa for his son, who has a heart complication which cannot be treated in pakistan.
;;-0.4767;;india has issued a medical visa to a two-and-a-half-month-old baby from pakistan, suffering from a heart disease, after his father sought intervention of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.1027;;earlier this week, ken sid, a pakistani national, reached out to swaraj through the social media platform for a medical visa for his son, who has a heart complication which cannot be treated in pakistan.
;;-0.2292;;it appears there is some misunderstanding, swaraj tweeted, and added we have not refused a medical visa.
;;-0.2411;;commenting on statements of bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj that she was not responsible for the reddy brothers political clout, he said the bjp leaders at the centre were competing for the post of prime minister in future.
;;0.4728;;sushma does not want her name to be associated with the reddy brothers, so that she can claim to be free from corruption, he said.
;;0.0;;uk rules out probing vaz over complaint about helping lalit modilondon, jun 15, 2015, (pti); 19:09 istindian-origin labour mp keith vaz, who is embroiled in a major row involving external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj over helping scam-tainted former ipl chief lalit modi to obtain british travel documents, will not be probed in britain for a complaint in this regard.
;;-0.0516;;according to british media which quoted leaked emails, vaz cited external affairs minister swaraj's name to put pressure on uk's top immigration official to grant british travel papers to modi, who subsequently got the documents in less than 24 hours.
;;0.0;;after the reports surfaced, 63-year-old swaraj said in a series of tweets that she had taken a humanitarian view and conveyed to the british high commissioner that they should examine modi's request as per their rules and if the british government chooses to give travel documents to lalit modi - that will not spoil our bilateral relations.
;;0.0;;as the house convened on july 21, the government appeared to be on the back foot with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and two bjp chief ministers  vasundhara raje of rajasthan and shivraj singh chouhan of madhya pradesh  facing allegations of impropriety.
;;0.1779;;lalitgate: cong says no deal offer to governmentnew delhi, july 1, 2015, (pti) 11:37 istcongress today dismissed as totally baseless and mischievous reports that it had offered a deal to government under which it was ready to support passage of gst bill in parliament if it axed external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in the wake of the lalitgate controversy.
;;0.3182;;aicc communication department chief randeep surjewala said, sacking swaraj and raje are issues of righteousness, impropriety and holding modi government accountable to their promise of not shielding black money hoarders of the ilk of lalit modi.
;;-0.4215;;the monsoon session of parliament, which is set to commence on july 21, is expected to be a stormy affair with congress giving more than ample indications of disruptions if government fails to take action on the lalitgate issue.
;;-0.3612;;congress has been demanding resignations of swaraj and raje over lalit modi controversy, of hrd minister smriti irani for allegedly misrepresenting facts about her educational qualification in separate election affidavits, and of maharashtra minister pankaja munde for her clearing purchases worth rs 206 crore on a single day instead of inviting tenders in violation of norms.
;;-0.4215;;he also assured the state of central assistance to fight terror, which could even extend to pressing the army into action, though the ministry of home affairs has already sent 50 companies of paramilitary forces to the state.
;;-0.3818;;singh said he was informed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj that one of the premiers of bhutan and myanmar has promised cooperation for flushing out terrorists from their territories.
;;0.6369;;taking a jibe, vaghela claimed that the whole congress party is with him like the entire bjp and rss are with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in connection with the lalit modi issue.
;;0.4019;;if sushmaswaraj is culprit and even though the entire bjp and rss are saying that we are one, same thing applies to congress, the party is behind me, they (congress leaders) are saying we are with vaghela.
;;0.0;;the permanent secretary, ministry of foreign affairs, olushola enikanolaiye, sought action by the indian government at a meeting with indian high commissioner to nigeria nagabushana reddy in abuja yesterday, state-run news agency of nigeria (nan) reported.
;;0.2023;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said the government was taking immediate action and she had spoken to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath who has assured her of a fair and impartial investigation into the unfortunate incident.
;;0.34;;sushma to visit maldivesnew delhi, oct 09, 2015, dhns: 0:53 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will visit the maldives on sunday to revive a bilateral mechanism for dialogue between new delhi and the neighbouring indian ocean archipelago.
;;0.0;;swaraj and maldivian foreign minister dunya maumoon would co-chair a meeting of india-maldives joint commission in male.
;;0.1027;;she is also scheduled to meet economic development minister, defence minister and health minister of the maldives, said external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup.
;;0.4215;;it was attended by home minister rajnath singh, finance minister arun jaitley, defence minister manohar parrikar, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and national security adviser ajit doval.
;;0.2755;;this incident had prompted sushmaswaraj swaraj who was leader of opposition in lok sabha to declare that if pakistan does not return the severed head of the martyred soldier hemraj, india should get at least 10 heads from the other side.
;;0.0;;lalit modi offered board position to sushma's husbandnew delhi, jul 1, 2015 (dhns) 0:31 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was again targeted by the opposition after reports emerged that former ipl chief lalit modi had offered her husband a position on the board of one of his companies, indofil.
;;-0.4767;;the opposition renewed its attack on swaraj with the congress saying that the job offer to the ministers husband swaraj kaushal was a quid pro quo deal for facilitating his travel documents to the uk.
;;-0.4019;;the latest revelations brought the focus of the opposition attack back on the external affairs minister, who had admitted to have helped lalit get travel papers from the uk on humanitarian grounds.
;;-0.4588;;the renewed attack on swaraj comes at a time when there was a perception building up that the opposition was going soft on the minister and targeting rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for backing lalits immigration appeal to the uk.
;;0.0;;it claims that swaraj had unilaterally overturned this decision without even informing her ministry.
;;-0.4767;;demanding the sacking of swaraj, he reminded the prime minister that the congress had adhered to the highest standards of propriety by asking for resignation of madhavsinh solanki and natwar singh when allegations were made against them while they were external affairs ministers.
;;-0.0516;;concurring with indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's statement that there are no full stops in diplomacy, he hoped that process of dialogue will resume.
;;0.4939;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and gen tanasak patimapragorn, deputy prime minister and minister of foreign affairs of thailand, signed the agreement in bangkok after they co-chaired the meeting of india-thailand joint commission.
;;0.7884;;the agreement will provide the framework to avoid double taxation and prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on income so as to promote economic cooperation between india and thailand, official sources in the ministry of external affairs (mea) said.
;;-0.5994;;nepals pain is our pain, said modi, after instructing the ministry of external affairs (mea) and other wings of the central government to do all they could to help the neighbouring country, where india competes with china for clout.
;;0.1779;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was interacting with anxious members of the families of indians stranded in nepal, and sought their help so that indian embassy officials could locate them.
;;-0.8689;;los angeles, nov 15, 2015, (pti) 11:26 istthe terror assaults in france have cast a shadow over the regional pravasi bharatiya divas here with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who was on her way to the us to inaugurate the event, returning to india from mid-way in the wake of the attacks.
;;-0.743;;swaraj, who was on her way to the us, returned to new delhi from mid-way in view of the paris terror attacks.
;;-0.4404;;officials in new delhi said swaraj, who had a transit halt at dubai on her way to the us, came back from there itself after hearing about the attacks in paris that claimed over 120 lives.
;;0.0;;gen (rtd) v k singh, the minister of state for external affairs, is now expected to attend the two-day event.
;;-0.9477;;the paris attack is based on model of the mumbai terrorist attack, said sherman, a former chairman of the house foreign affairs sub-committee on terrorism.
;;0.2716;;anil k agarwal, secretary in the ministry of overseas indian affairs, said the indian diaspora is making a very important contribution to the india-us relationship.
;;-0.4867;;pcc president sachin pilot, while demanding resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and state chief minister vasundhara raje for helping former ipl commissioner lalit modi, said that the allegations against them were levelled by lalit modi himself and not the congress party.
;;-0.4019;;in bjp, reddys are now shunnedlast updated: 08 august, 2011bangalore, auguts 8, dhns: 0:06 istbjp national leader sushmaswaraj swaraj has already dumped the reddy brothers of bellary.
;;0.0;;it is only less than two years ago that the reddy brothers tried to dislodge yeddyurappa from the helm of affairs.
;;-0.5859;;the death of all the workers has now been confirmed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, after dillydallying on the matter for about four years.
;;-0.7906;;sushma swaraj made the announcement of the death of the workers in parliament before conveying the information to the bereaved families, who learnt about it from the media.
;;0.4019;;party leaders including chief minister d v sadananda gowda, senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj, mp smriti irani, state bjp president k s eshwarappa, and former chief minister b s yeddyurappa are expected to participate.
;;-0.296;;defending raje and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, gowda said their actions do not amount to corruption as there were no money transactions between modi and them.
;;0.0;;as far as sushmaswaraj swaraj and vasundhra raje are concerned, there is practically nothing.
;;-0.0772;;his wifes condition is serious, wrote external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on twitter.
;;0.0;;cabinet ministers, including sushmaswaraj swaraj, nitin gadkari, ramvilas paswan, suresh prabhu and manohar parrikar, and ministers of state jitendra singh, prakash javadekar and rajiv pratap rudy were present at the meeting held at naidus office in parliament building.
;;0.4767;;india to unveil more reforms in new budget this month: swarajmuscat, feb 18, 2015, (pti) 9:22 istthe new indian government will unveil more reforms in the coming days, including in the forthcoming budget this month to woo foreign investment and make india a manufacturing destination, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said.
;;0.9313;;xi confident of progress in sino-indian tiesbeijing, feb 2, 2015, pti: 1:58 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on chinese president xi jinping, who expressed full confidence in sino-indian relations, hoping that new progress would be made in the ties in the new year.
;;0.8979;;i have full confidence in india-china relations and i believe that new progress will be achieved in growing this bilateral relationship in this new year, xi told swaraj, who called on him at the cavernous great hall of the people here on her maiden visit to the communist nation after she assumed charge last year.
;;0.886;;recalling fond memories of his india visit, xi told sushmaswaraj swaraj: last september i visited india and cherish fresh memories about the gracious hospitality extended to me by government and people of india.
;;-0.1531;;modi, who is at the centre of a controversy over his british travel documents that has dragged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, also targeted the enforcement directorate(ed) and challenged it to provide evidence regarding the money laundering allegations against him.
;;0.0;;akhilesh mishra, consul general of lndia, toronto, has been appointed as the next high commissioner of india to the republic of maldives, an external affairs ministry statement said.
;;0.0;;prior to his posting in toronto in 2013, mishra served as joint secretary in the external affairs ministry heading the northern division dealing with india's relations with nepal and bhutan, and joint secretary in charge of multilateral economic relations division.
;;0.0;;in october, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visited maldives to attend the fifth meeting of the india-maldives joint commission.
;;0.0;;in november, maldives foreign minister dunya maumoon met sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi.
;;0.0;;in his speech, kharge slammed external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for making a statement on the lalit modi issue last week when virtually the entire opposition was not present in the house.
;;0.0;;taking a dig at swaraj who was not present then, kharge said she had used or misused the situation of the absence of the opposition by delivering a long speech.
;;-0.7906;;'bad shape' of passport office irks ministernew delhi, june 25, 2016, dhns: 2:36 isttaking a stern view of the bad shape of the passport office in bengaluru, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday directed officials to conduct random checks of such buildings and lease new office spaces.
;;-0.3412;;the external affairs minister instructed the officers to do random checking on passport buildings which were not in good shape.
;;0.5423;;last week, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj traveled to islamabad to meet her counterpart sartaj aziz before announcing resumption of peace talks.
;;0.6619;;bjp not embarrassed by sushma-modi row, sadananda gowdabengaluru, jun 18, 2015 (pti) 18:08 istasserting that bjp is not embarrassed by sushmaswaraj swaraj helping lalit modi, union law minister d v sadananda gowda today hit back at congress saying it was the previous upa government that allowed the former ipl chief to run away from the country.
;;-0.4404;;gowda said bjp and government were behind swaraj because she helped modi out of humanitarian consideration and did not make any attempt to stall the proceedings against the former ipl chief, who is facing money laundering and other charges.
;;0.743;;strongly defending swaraj, he said, the whole party and whole government is behind sushmaswaraj swaraj because humanitarian consideration has to be given importance.
;;-0.7579;;sartaj aziz, advisor on foreign affairs to pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif, recently said in washington dc that the sit would visit india to probe the terror attack at pathankot.
;;0.0;;new delhi and islamabad are exploring possibilities of a meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and him in kathmandu on the sideline of a saarc meet in the middle of march.
;;-0.2617;;pathankot priorityafter the pathankot attack, new delhi did not call off resumption of bilateral dialogue, but deferred the meeting between the two foreign secretariesnew delhi and islamabad are exploring possibilities of a meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and sartaz aziz in kathmandu on the sideline of a saarc meet in the middle of march.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, addressing a press conference, said pakistan only has till saturday midnight to give its answer to india's response to aziz's press conference in islamabad earlier in the day that kashmir was the core issue and he would take it up during talks with his indian counterpart ajit doval.
;;-0.6249;;sushma swaraj denied that india was laying any pre-conditions for the nsa talks, as alleged by pakistan, and said if pakistan sticks to its stand of raking up kashmir at the nsa parleys and aziz meets the hurriyat -- toh baatchit nahin hogi (then there will be no talks).
;;0.5719;;hollandes willingness to accept the invitation and visit india in january 2016 was informally conveyed by french foreign minister laurent fabius, who called on prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during a visit to new delhi on friday.
;;-0.7579;;swaraj asks indian hc in pak to seek consular access to indian prisonernew delhi, aug 6, 2016, (pti): 10:14 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has directed the indian high commissioner in pakistan to seek consular access to an indian prisoner who was attacked at least thrice by inmates in a peshawar jail.
;;0.0;;i have asked our high commissioner in pakistan to seek consular access to hamid ansari in hospital/jail and report, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had visited the temple when she came here in june last year.
;;-0.6908;;while law minister sadanand gowda attacked congress alleging the upa government did not take any action against modi, his cabinet colleague rajiv pratap rudy dismissed the demand of resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje.
;;0.0258;;he insisted that swaraj supported modi, accused of laundering money to the tune of over rs 700 crore, due to humanitarian concern over the health of his wife.
;;-0.5873;;asked about the demand for resignation of swaraj and raje, union minister rajiv pratap rudy said, it is just an imagination of congress and nothing like that is going to happen.
;;0.2263;;though bjp and the government have come in full support of swaraj who helped modi obtain travel documents from the uk, where he has been staying after he left india to avoid investigative agencies, they have been more restrained in their defence of raje, who has been accused of secretly helping him in his immigration.
;;0.0;;in fact, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that rohith was not a dalit.
;;0.4215;;the 49-year-old actor was asked whether he met modi, embroiled in a row after it came to light that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had facilitated travel documents for him in london and that rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje had reportedly favoured modi's immigration plea in a london court.
;;0.0;;lalit modi, who is facing probe by enforcement directorate, is in news following revelations that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj helped him get a travel document in london.
;;0.0772;;the ministry of external affairs currently takes more than 1,000 pilgrims a year in 18 batches involving a 22-day journey and officials expect that the number of pilgrims could rise considerably once the new route is opened.
;;0.0;;modalities for opening the second route for the kailash- manasarovar yatra in tibet via sikkim by june were finalised on february 1 when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was visiting the communist nation.
;;0.6705;;congress is utilising the opportunity to send a message of larger opposition unity at a time when bjp and the modi government are on the backfoot following a series of controversies after revelations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje extending help to fugitive former ipl boss lalit modi.
;;-0.6369;;with the modi government and bjp rejecting demands for resignation of swaraj, raje and mp chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, fireworks are expected during the session which will conclude on august 13.
;;-0.4019;;he wondered as to why modi was mum over the oppositions demand for the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.3818;;sushma conveys tamil aspirations to sri lankanew delhi, feb 8, 2016, dhns: 0:58 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, quietly conveyed to the sri lanka government that new delhi would expect it to ensure that the new constitution of the island nation met the aspirations of the countrys minority tamils.
;;0.6486;;swaraj did not make any public comment about political rights of minority tamils of sri lanka or the process of reconciliation being pursued by countrys new government during her visit to the country  ostensibly in accordance with new delhis fresh approach in its engagement with colombo.
;;0.0;;the press release issued by the ministry of external affairs in new delhi also did not have any reference to the reconciliation process or the issue of political rights of tamils.
;;0.3818;;sources in new delhi, however, said that swaraj had conveyed to her counterpart mangala samaraweera, prime minister ranil wickremesinghe and president maithripala sirisena that india would expect the new government in sri lanka to ensure devolution of power to the provincial governments in tamil-majority north and east of the neighbouring country.
;;-0.296;;later, addressing a press conference, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said geeta refused to identify the mahatos as her family.
;;0.4215;;want to thank the media, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, our lawyer.
;;0.6124;;janardhan mahato, who claims to be her father, thanked swaraj and pakistani officials for ensuring her return.
;;-0.3612;;at this, minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi angrily asked what do they want?
;;-0.5106;;deputy chairman p j kurien called on k n balagopal (cpi-m) who had given a notice under rule 267 seeking suspension of the business to discuss alleged impropriety by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in helping controversial former ipl head lalit modi and vyapam scam in madhya pradesh.
;;0.0772;;india third in world in issuing passports: mea officialpuducherry, feb 22, 2016 (pti) 15:07 istindia now ranks third in the world after china and the us in issuing passports with the number having doubled since 2010, a senior official of the external affairs ministry said here today.
;;0.4404;;the chief minister thanked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for expediting its establishment and said the government felt the need for a centre locally to cater to needs of students, tourists and others from puducherry and karaikal regions.
;;0.0;;new delhi, dec 14, 2015, (pti); 10:40 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will make a statement in both houses of parliament today on her two-day visit to pakistan and the recent developments relating to bilateral ties.
;;0.0;;i will make a statement on my recent visit to islamabad tomorrow at 11 am in rajya sabha and at 2 pm in lok sabha, swaraj tweeted yesterday.
;;0.0;;a parliamentary affairs ministry release said that swaraj will make a statement on her recent visit to islamabad and developments relating to ties between india and pakistan in both the houses of parliament during the next week of winter session.
;;0.0;;the two sides came out with a joint statement, which happened after swaraj met sharif and later his advisor on foreign affairs sartaj aziz there on the concluding day of her two-day visit (december 8-9).
;;0.296;;on whether india will request russia to share details on netaji subhas chandra bose, he said the issue had figured during external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's recent visit to moscow.
;;0.2263;;his warning came after the first two weeks of parliament's monsoon session saw very little work in the lok sabha, as congress and left party mps disrupted the proceedings demanding resignations of not only chouhan, but also external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for their purported role in helping tainted ipl ex-chief lalit modi procure travel documents from the british government.
;;0.3612;;new delhi, jul 21, 2015 (pti) 15:18 ista combative government today accused opposition parties of running away from a debate as they created uproar in rajya sabha over lalit modi controversy ignoring its offer of a discussion and a statement by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on her help to the former ipl chief.
;;-0.6652;;finance minister arun jaitley, who is leader of the upper house, said government offered that the issue can be discussed in the house with swaraj making a statement on it, but the opposition rejected it.
;;0.0;;we offered that sushmaswaraj swaraj could reply to the discussion.
;;0.0;;he said the opposition had given a notice under rule 267 for suspension of question hour and proceedings and to take up a discussion against sushmaswaraj swaraj and some state leaders, including chief ministers.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj, arun jaitley, amit shah and sudhanshu trivedi will be part of the electronic, print and outdoor media campaign committee.
;;0.3612;;amazon india chief writes to sushmaswaraj , apologisesjan 13, 2017, new delhi, dhns 1:59 istamazon on thursday apologised for putting on sale doormats designed like the national flag of india  a day after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj warned the global e-commerce giant with stern action.
;;-0.4019;;at no time did we intend or mean to offend indian sentiments, amit agarwal, vice president and country manager of amazon india, wrote to the external affairs minister on thursday.
;;0.2458;;agarwal wrote to sushmaswaraj that a third-party seller, not amazon, had listed doormats designed like the national flag of india for sale in canada.
;;-0.6486;;sushma also threatened to withdraw the visas already issued to the officials of the e-commerce company for their visits to india, if amazon did not provide an unconditional apology and withdraw all products insulting the tricolour.
;;0.4215;;agarwal on thursday wrote to sushmaswaraj that amazon remained steadfastly committed to india, as evident by its chief executive officer jeff bezos announcement last year of plans to invest $5 billion in the country.
;;0.1779;;swaraj, however, swung into action on wednesday after a twitter user atul bhobe posted on the micro-blogging website an old screen-shot of the portal of amazon canada, showing on sale the doormats themed on the national flag of india.
;;0.4019;;opp says onus of running parliament on govtnew delhi, jul 24, 2015 (pti) 15:36 iststicking to the demand for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for helping controversial former ipl chief lalit modi, opposition parties led by congress today insisted that it is for the government to find a solution to end the logjam in parliament.
;;-0.5971;;but opposition does not want discussion, so what can we do, he said, while dismissing the demand for resignation of swaraj.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the indian embassy in brussels was trying to trace ganesh.
;;0.6369;;we are doing our best to locate raghavendran ganesh, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.0;;swaraj also spoke to ganesh's mother.
;;0.2023;;the prime minister revealed that defence minister manohar parrikar, minister of state for defence rao inderjit singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, bjp's delhi chief minister candidate kiran bedi and actor-turned-parliamentarian jaya bachchan were all ncc cadets.
;;0.5719;;had a wonderful meeting with france's minister of foreign affairs and international development, modi tweeted.
;;0.2732;;fabius, who is here to attend three-day delhi sustainable development summit that began today, had held talks with his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj during which the two leaders discussed cooperation in key areas of energy, climate and trade.
;;0.0;;they talked on all the strategic issues, the spokesperson in the external affairs ministry said.
;;0.6908;;asked if swaraj briefed his french counterpart on recent breakthrough in the indo-us nuclear deal, he said it was normal to keep them informed about the major developments in the field of energy, where india and france share a robust relations.
;;-0.5574;;the headline event will be at the un headquarters where india's external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will be joined by un secretary general ban ki-moon, president of the general assembly sam kutesa, congresswoman tulsi gabbard, spiritual leader sri sri ravi shankar and several other diplomats.
;;0.0;;he said swaraj will preside over the two-hour commemoration tomorrow at the world body to be attended by hundreds, including school children from india and the un international school.
;;0.0;;he added that swaraj will be representing india as the country which had initiated the idea of having an annual international yoga day.
;;0.0;;swaraj, along with the un chief and the unga president, would then head to times square where an estimated 30,000 people would practice yoga and where the un celebrations would also be broadcast live on giant electric screens.
;;0.0;;sushma pushes for declaring gita as national scripturenew delhi, dec 7, 2014, (pti) 20:44 istpressing for the centre to declare bhagwad gita as a 'rashtriya granth' (national scripture), external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today only a formality remained to be done in this regard, triggering a controversy with trinamool congress saying constitution is the holy book in a democracy.
;;0.5719;;swaraj was speaking at 'gita prerna mahotsav', organised to celebrate 5,151 years of religious book gita at the red fort maidan here where vhp president ashok singhal said prime minister narendra modi should immediately declare the sacred text of hindus as a national scripture.
;;0.0772;;the minister said she was able to face the challenges as external affairs minister only beacuse of the teachings of bhagwad gita.
;;0.0772;;even now, when i am handling the external affairs and the challenges related to it, she said.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj is present here today.
;;-0.9153;;i only helped a woman suffering from cancer: sushmanew delhi, aug 07, 2015, dhns: 1:24 istminister mounts emotional defence in lok sabhaunder fire from the congress in the lalitgate issue, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday mounted an emotional defence, claiming that she only helped a woman suffering from a life threatening ailment and that she extended no favours to former ipl chairman lalit modi.
;;-0.2263;;the congress has launched a sustained campaign against sushmaswaraj for facilitating the travel documents for lalit, who was being probed for several economic offences and has been staying in britain since 2010, to visit his ailing wife undergoing treatment in portugal.
;;-0.9161;;last week, swaraj had made a statement on the same issue in the rajya sabha, but it was drowned in the demands for her resignation from the agitating opposition members.
;;0.128;;the rajasthan chief minister and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj have been facing flak for helping lalit modi procure travel documents in the uk, a country which he has made his home to avoid legal processes in india.
;;0.0;;sanskrit should be propagated to purify minds of people:swarajbangkok, jun 28, 2015, (pti) 16:08 istsanskrit scholars from 60 countries began a five-day conference here today with an inaugural speech by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who suggested that sanskrit should be propagated so that it purifies the minds of the people and thus sanctifies the whole world.
;;0.0;;speaking entirely in sanskrit to over 600 sanskrit experts, swaraj called it a modern and universal language and said its tradition is comparable to the river ganga.
;;0.25;;addressing the inaugural session of 16th world sanskrit conference here as the chief guest, swaraj also announced that a post of joint secretary for sanskrit has been created in the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.7003;;the external affairs minister urged scholars to strive to improve the quality of its teaching and make it attractive.
;;0.6249;;making a strong pitch for taking examination of sanskrit degrees through sanskrit medium, swaraj rued that in graduate and post graduate courses, sanskrit is not taught through sanskrit medium and in the examinations the answers are written in languages other than sanskrit as the container is as important as the water it holds.
;;-0.6173;;so many scandals have erupted involving external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the party's chief ministers vasundhara raje, shivraj singh chauhan, raman singh and maharashtra minister pankaja munde, but he has refused to speak a single word.
;;0.7845;;flanked by bihar pradesh congress committee (bpcc) president ashok chaudhary, congress legislature party (clp) leader sadanand singh, former kerala governor nikhil kumar and party workers, ramesh raised slogans like bihar virodhi, maunendra modi and sushmaswaraj , vasundhara, shivraj chauhan, loot rahe hain hindustan (sushma, vasundhara and shivraj chauhan are looting india).
;;0.0;;the visit of president obama has some other fallout regarding indias status in the international affairs.
;;0.6486;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is visiting beijing to assure it that indias friendship with america is not at the expense of china.
;;-0.3189;;according to sardesai, modi implicitly trusted jaitley, now the finance and defence minister, but did not trust sushmaswaraj swaraj, who heads the external affairs ministry.
;;0.0;;there was even a suggestion that modi had elevated smriti (irani as the hrd minister) because he wanted to send out a message to sushmaswaraj (swaraj) that she wasn't the only woman face of the bjp.
;;0.2023;;veto lies with pak on solution to indo-china border issue: natwar singhnew delhi, apr 21, 2015, (pti) 17:53 istahead of prime minister narendra modi's proposed visit to china next month, former external affairs minister natwar singh today said that it is pakistan which would have the veto on a final solution to the sino- indian border issue.
;;0.7096;;referring to a statement by present external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj after her china visit, singh said, she (swaraj) innocently said the chinese have agreed to let india become a permanent member of the un security council.
;;-0.4588;;he said it was unfortunate that the external affairs minister is not to be seen when the prime minister travels abroad.
;;-0.9393;;when india keeps violating ceasefire at the line of control and the working boundary, indulges in worst human rights violations against helpless kashmiris in indian occupied kashmir, and undertakes subversive activities in pakistan, then asking pakistan to create an environment free of violence only sounds ironical, pakistan pm's adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz said.
;;-0.8834;;his remarks comes days after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj reaffirmed adherence to three conditions including having an atmosphere free of terror and violence as a precursor to any engagement with pakistan and demanded action against terrorists including let commander zakiur rehman lakhvi who is facing trial in the mumbai attack case.
;;-0.6808;;minister of state for external affairs v k singh told the lok sabha that india has also told china that there cannot be selective approach when it comes to terrorism.
;;0.7964;;in a written reply, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said a large number of countries have supported india's initiatives for reform of the security council, as well as endorsed india's candidature for permanent membership.
;;0.4767;;indian diplomatic staff in pak 'tailed' by intel agencies:govtnew delhi, mar 11, 2015 (pti) 15:37 istindian high commission staff in pakistan are being subjected to intrusive surveillance and tailing by intelligence personnel of that country, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;0.0;;swaraj also cited other instances of mistreatment of indian diplomats in the last few years which occured in slovenia, romania, albania and pakistan, besides such treatment meted out to eminent indian citizens, including former president a p j abdul kalam who was subjected to frisking at new york airport against protocols.
;;0.25;;jaitley who usually clarifies on several issues and had even backed external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, should speak on this issue.
;;-0.4588;;following the attack, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that she has sought a report on the matter.
;;-0.296;;no decision on indo-pak cricket series: sushmaswaraj swarajnew delhi, may 31, 2015, (pti): 19:15 istno decision has yet been taken on indo-pak cricket series, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;0.2263;;this was followed by bjp leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, leaders of opposition in the lok sabha and the rajya sabha respectively, accompanied by a host of party leaders, hitting out at the prime minister, blaming him for the rs 1.
;;-0.4939;;parliament has not been functioning properly ever since the monsoon session began on july 21 as the opposition parties have been pressing for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in connection with lalit modi controversy and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over vyapam scam.
;;-0.7184;;the opposition, led by the congress, remained unrelenting on its demand for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for allegedly helping controversial former ipl chief lalit modi and of madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over the vyapam admission and recruitment scam.
;;-0.4588;;sushma tried to pacify me, says rahulnew delhi: august 13, 2015, dhns 23:44 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made last minute efforts to reach out to the congress in an apparent attempt to soften their attack on her.
;;-0.5106;;congress vice-president rahul gandhi told the lok sabha that sushmaswaraj had met him in parliament on tuesday and wanted to know why was he angry with her.
;;0.0;;yesterday (tuesday) sushmaji met me.
;;-0.3182;;she lowered her gaze, rahul said while launching a scathing attack on sushmaswaraj demanding that she reveal the amount she received from former ipl commissioner lalit modi to save him from jail.
;;0.4404;;rahuls last minute participation in the debate came as the congress was under sharp attack from members of other political parties for disrupting the house and amid general perception that sushmaswaraj had made a strong rebuttal of the allegations against her.
;;0.4019;;rahul wanted sushmaswaraj to reveal whether she carried out the request from lalit modi to help him on humanitarian ground and why did she do it discreetly.
;;0.296;;the congress leaders posers to sushmaswaraj came after a spat between her and rsp member n k premchandran on helping out people on humanitarian grounds.
;;0.2732;;sushma replied that if premchandran had made a similar request, then she would have acted on it on humanitarian grounds as well.
;;0.5994;;rajya sabha gives warm welcome to sushmaswaraj swarajnew delhi, mar 16, 2017, pti 13:14 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.7269;;file photomembers in the rajya sabha, cutting across party lines, today extended a warm welcome to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj when she came to the house after a long absence due to health reasons.
;;0.6486;;greeting 65-year-old swaraj, deputy chairman p j kurien wished her a long and healthy life.
;;0.0;;swaraj underwent a kidney transplant on december 10 at the aiims.
;;0.8126;;raje supported in writing my immigration plea in uk:lalit modinew delhi, jun 16, 2015 (pti) 10:18 istlalit modi, former ipl chief, tonight made explosive claims that rajasthan chief minister vasundhra raje had supported in writing his immigration plea in britain and that he has a family relationship with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj whose husband and daughter had provided legal services free of cost.
;;0.0;;i am very close to a lot of politicians, not only mrs swaraj.
;;0.0;;, modi said when asked about his relationship with sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4019;;the surfacing of the witness statement gave a new twist to the controversy surrounding external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's help to modi to seek british travel documents.
;;0.4019;;i did ask her(swaraj) help, modi said, adding that he would have made a similar plea to any other external affairs minister in office.
;;0.7003;;the witness statement came into circulation just hours after finance minister arun jaitley backed swaraj saying whatever she had done was in good faith and bona fide.
;;0.1531;;swaraj found herself at the centre of a political firestorm after the uk-based sunday times reported a leaked conversation between influential labour mp keith vaz and head of uk visas and immigration sarah rapson that cited swaraj to facilitate travel documents for lalit modi.
;;0.0;;pradeep kumar on saturday was chosen as new central vigilance commissioner (cvc) by consensus by a three-member committee, consisting prime minister manmohan singh, home minister p chidambaram and opposition leader in lok sabha sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;the three-member committee discussed the list of candidates, which included pradeep kumar, former home secretary g k pillai, former chemicals and fertilisers secretary bijoy chatterjee, former secretary, legislative affairs v k bhasin, former urban development secretary m ramachandran and personnel secretary alka sirohi.
;;0.0;;it was sushmaswaraj swaraj who opposed the selection of thomas who was facing a charge sheet in the palmolien oil import case when he was the food secretary in kerala.
;;-0.2579;;ramesh also said the congress had not forgotten the case of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who had helped lalit modi with travel documents and would continue to demand her resignation.
;;-0.4767;;lalits links with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje have kicked off a political storm, with the congress demanding their resignations.
;;-0.3321;;our government is making all attempts so that all charges levelled against her are dropped, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told the lok sabha during the question hour.
;;0.0;;swaraj also cited other instances of mistreatment of indian diplomats in the last few years which occured in slovenia, romania, albania and pakistan, besides such treatment meted out to eminent indian citizens, including former president a p j abdul kalam who was subjected to frisking at new york airport against protocols.
;;0.6997;;indian personnel serving in foreign missions are regularly sensitised to be more vigilant about their personal security and local security norms and practices and relevant cultural issues, swaraj added.
;;0.765;;govt concerned over china-pak nuke deal: swarajnew delhi, dec 17, 2014 (pti) 15:57 istexpressing concern over the nuclear deal between china and pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said the government has raised the issue with china and asserted that it is well prepared to safeguard national interests.
;;0.6124;;china, being a member of the nuclear suppliers group (nsg), has the responsibility to ensure that necessary safeguards are in place before exporting nuclear technology, swaraj noted.
;;0.0926;;winter session of lok sabha ends, 13 bills passed amid dinnew delhi, dec 23, 2015, (pti) 15:29 istthe winter session of lok sabha came to an end today after passing 13 bills despite persistent uproar created by opposition congress over various issues, including certain allegations against finance minister arun jaitley in connections with ddca affairs.
;;-0.5994;;the 20-day session, adjourned sine die, was considerably much productive as compared to the last monsoon session which was a virtual washout due to the ruckus caused by the opposition which had been pressing for ouster of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over various allegations.
;;-0.5994;;the reddy brothers shone in 1999 when bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj contested against sonia gandhi in bellary and lost the battle.
;;0.0;;industries minister r v destained told reporters on saturday that the state government, in association with the ministry of external affairs, will organise the three-day event.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chief minister siddaramaiah are among the leaders scheduled to participate.
;;0.0;;the prime minister, the external affairs minister and the chief ministers of many states will participate.
;;0.0;;the reconstituted committee has modi as chairman while home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley, hrd minister smriti irani, i&b minister prakash javadekar and culture minister sripad yesso naik will be its ex-officio members.
;;0.1877;;why is it they do not protest when foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj goes to pakistan?
;;-0.2023;;editors guild deplores sushma's tweet on woman journalistnew delhi, june 17, 2015 (ians) 16:05 istthe editors guild on wednesday deplored a tweet by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj concerning a woman journalist and said it was an attempt to intimidate the media.
;;-0.2023;;the editors guild has deplored the attempt to intimidate the media by minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4215;;sushma swaraj is facing demands from the congress party for her resignation over the assistance she extended to former ipl chief lalit modi in securing travel documents from british authorities after his indian passport was revoked.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj had targeted a senior journalist of a news channel that was reporting on the lalit modi episode.
;;-0.5267;;reacting to the incident, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, i am sorry to know about the attack on deep rai, a us national of indian origin.
;;-0.5267;;he is out of danger and is recovering in a private hospital, sushmaswaraj tweeted.
;;0.7096;;replying to a calling attention motion on tamil fishermen issue in lok sabha, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had on wednesday said that a proposal involving the development of a national ais (automatic identification system) network for effective tacking of small fishing vessels fitted with customised ais transponders and having early warning system on international maritime boundary line is being explored for the safety and security of the fishermen.
;;-0.4939;;tharoor's party colleague sachin pilot said it was very kind of modi to praise tharoor but there is no let up in the demand for resignations of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chief ministers of rajasthan and madhya pradesh--vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chauhan for alleged irregularities.
;;0.0;;on her return to india, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj revealed the incidents behind the scene that resulted in the mea rescuing the woman.
;;0.3818;;sushma would call up singh and uzma thrice a day to ensure things went according to the plan.
;;-0.0258;;sushma also assured uzma that she is indias daughter and the country would fight to bring her home.
;;-0.8555;;sushma draws flak over demand to make gita national scripturenew delhi, dec 9, 2014 (pti): 14:27 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today came under opposition attack in rajya sabha for demanding that the bhagwad gita be declared national scripture, with members saying this was a sinister design to alter secular character of the constitution.
;;0.0;;it is a karma granth, minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said.
;;0.4767;;jaitley said all ministers including external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and he himself were responsible for each important decision taken by their departments.
;;0.128;;tough sushmaswaraj rules out engaging separatistsnew delhi, august 23, 2015, dhns: 2:17 istunion external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, deployed by prime minister narendra modi to deliver the take-it or leave-it message to islamabad after pakistans insistence on involving hurriyat, addressed even domestic audience with her hard political talk.
;;0.0;;swaraj, who recently argued her way out of a precarious situation after getting dragged into the lalitgate, also did not give much credence to journalist queries that sought her response on former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee had engaged hurriyat leaders on kashmir issue.
;;0.0;;beet gayi so baat gayi (lets not dig into past), commented swaraj, who was also a minister in the vajpayee regime.
;;0.0;;on the day agra talks began (july 15, 2001), swaraj who was then information and broadcasting minister, had briefed media on issues discussed between the two sides but did not mention kashmir that had peeved pakistan.
;;0.8555;;to ensure that parliament conducted smooth business and passed the upas ambitious food security bill, the government started talks with main opposition bjp, following the sonia gandhi-sushma swaraj embrace earlier in the day.
;;0.25;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has met belgian deputy prime minister and foreign minister didier reynders and the two leaders undertook a comprehensive review of bilateral ties and exchanged views on regional and multilateral issues.
;;0.0;;swaraj arrived in belgium on wednesday from luxembourg on the last leg of her four-nation tour.
;;0.6249;;eam sushmaswaraj swaraj warmly welcomed by the deputy prime minister and foreign minister of belgium didier reynders on her arrival at egmont palace, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said in a tweet after the meeting yesterday.
;;0.0;;delegation-level talks led by eam sushmaswaraj swaraj and didier reynders.
;;0.7269;;swaraj also met her european union counterpart federica mogherini and held excellent discussions on a range of issues including counterterrorism, maritime security, trade and investment.
;;0.0;;eam sushmaswaraj swaraj met with the eu high representative federica mogherini.
;;0.34;;eam sushmaswaraj swaraj and her eu counterpart federica mogherini discussed issues related to foreign policy and security, trade & investment and exchanged views on regional and global issues, he said.
;;0.6808;;eu high representative for foreign affairs and security policy mogherini informed swaraj on the preparation of a new joint communication on india, which will provide direction for increased cooperation in the coming years, as well as the eu's upcoming strategy to enhance, in a sustainable manner, eu-asia connectivity.
;;0.25;;mogherini also expressed the eu's readiness to deepen the dialogue on data protection and referred to the new eu data protection regime, a statement from the minister of external affairs said.
;;0.7096;;swaraj and mogherini also discussed in depth foreign policy and security cooperation, namely on counterterrorism, cybercrime, maritime security, as well as in the indian ocean, it said.
;;0.3182;;during her stay in belgium, swaraj held wide-ranging discussions with the eu leadership to strengthen india-eu strategic partnership.
;;-0.5574;;we have no official confirmation of the arrest of masood azhar, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup told reporters.
;;0.0;;swarup said a decision on whether to go ahead with the foreign secretary-level talks with pakistan on friday will be taken after tonight's meeting between prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj that was underway.
;;0.0;;the decision(on fs talks) will be taken after the meeting, swarup said after foreign secretary s jaishankar's meeting with swaraj.
;;-0.4215;;a struggling businessmen in 1999, janarhana moved close to bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj as she took on congress president sonia gandhi in the lok sabha election.
;;0.8074;;later, the visiting leader held talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during which they discussed the security situation, afghan peace process, internal political situation in the strife-ravaged country as also the regional security situation, official sources said.
;;0.0;;swaraj informed abdullah about india's efforts to expedite implementation of as many as 92 small developmental projects in afghanistan that are nearing completion.
;;0.6486;;the sangh parivars attempt has tactical backing of party leaders like sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley - two other prime ministerial candidates who are opposed to modis entry into the national politics.
;;0.0;;overseas ministry to merge with meanew delhi, jan 08, 2016, dhns: 0:52 istthe government is set to merge the ministry of overseas indian affairs with the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendra modi has approved merger of the two ministries in accordance with a proposal from his cabinet colleague sushmaswaraj swaraj, who at present holds both the portfolios.
;;0.0;;so moia (ministry of overseas indian affairs) will now be part of ministry of external affairs (mea), swaraj posted on twitter on thursday.
;;0.0;;swaraj is the first union minister to be assigned the portfolios of both mea and moia.
;;0.2023;;as minister for external affairs & overseas indian affairs, i realised that substantial work of moia (ministry of overseas indian affairs) is done through our missions abroad, she tweeted.
;;0.0;;external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup said that administrative process for decision to merge the moia with mea was taken in line with the governments overall objective of minimising government and maximising governance.
;;0.0;;he said that the process of merger had already begun and the exercise was being personally supervised by the external affairs minister.
;;0.0;;swaraj will deliver the keynote address on the occasion of first smaller scale pravasi bharatiya divas in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.6249;;soon after the guard of honour, obama was escorted to a canopy where the president, the prime minister along with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley, home minister rajnath singh, defence ministermanohar parrikar, urban development minister venkaiah naidu, power minister piyush goyal and lt governor of delhi najeeb jung received him.
;;0.4754;;over the years, the home affairs select committee has emerged as more powerful than a shadow cabinet minister or even a junior minister.
;;-0.4939;;vaz is embroiled in a major row involving external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj over helping modi to obtain british travel documents to visit portugal, purportedly for his wife's cancer treatment in june last year.
;;0.4019;;he was responding to leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad's remarks that if modi was interested in running the monsoon session of parliament smoothly, he should remove external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.4019;;maldives foreign minister dunya maumoon rang up her counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday evening seeking help.
;;0.0;;pratapgarh, aug 8, 2015 (pti) 18:33 istthe couple from uttar pradesh, which has claimed that gita - a hearing and speech-impaired indian woman stranded in pakistan - is their daughter, has approached the ministry of external affairs in this regard.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said in last few days four families from punjab, bihar, jharkhand and uttar pradesh have claimed gita to be their daughter.
;;0.3612;;indian high commissioner in pakistan tca raghavan and his wife on tuesday had met gita following direction from swaraj and assured her to locate her family as soon as possible.
;;-0.7351;;congress has been demanding resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and raje over lalitgate, of hrd minister smriti irani over misrepresenting facts about her educational qualification in separate election affidavits and of maharashtra minister pankaja munde for her alleged involvement in a scam by clearing purchases worth rs 206 crore on a single day instead of inviting tenders in violation of the norms.
;;0.0772;;there is no question of accepting any ultimatum from anybody, he added, after the congress pressed for the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj as well as the chief ministers of rajasthan and madhya pradesh - vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan - for a smooth parliament session that begins on tuesday.
;;-0.7783;;the congress has been demanding the resignations of sushmaswaraj swaraj and raje over their alleged links with former ipl chief lalit modi, and of chouhan over the vyapam recruitment scam.
;;0.802;;minister of state for parliamentary affairs rajiv pratap rudy quoted modi as saying that his government was willing to accept all good suggestions from opposition parties on various issues.
;;0.0;;the new mechanism would be headed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chinese state councilor wang yi.
;;0.0;;he said lalit modi was working at the behest of bjp to divert attention to non-issues and reiterated the main opposition's demand for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for their help to him.
;;-0.6597;;in a sharp attack on the bjp, he said it should tell its black money stooges to not rely on red-herrings and the government answer to people about accusations levelled at swaraj and raje.
;;-0.5106;;surjewala said swaraj and raje helped a fugitive accused of fraud of gigantic proportions and noted how swaraj spoke to the british envoy in india to help lalit modi without consulting with her ministry officials.
;;0.34;;vermas remarks followed a bilateral discussion between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her south sudanese counterpart barnaba marial benjamin on the sidelines of the ongoing india-africa forum summit in which swaraj raised the security issue.
;;0.4201;;she requested if work can resume at an early date because ongc videsh is very keen that its workers go back and oil production starts from there, said vikas swarup, spokesperson at the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.3818;;benjamin informed swaraj that his countrys petroleum minister was in new delhi and held talks with officials in india's petroleum ministry and with ovl to resolve the pending issues.
;;0.25;;sushma justifies move, cites humanitarian grounds as reasonnew delhi, june 14, 2015, dhns 23:29 istunfazed by allegations that she influenced british immigration authorities to grant travel documents to fugitive ipl ex-chief lalit modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has issued a detailed response to counter the opposition's demand of her removal from the union cabinet.
;;-0.6249;;in her detailed candid reply, swaraj admitted to helping modi out on humanitarian grounds, but at the same time tweeted: what benefit did i pass on to lalit modi  that he could sign consent papers for surgery of his wife suffering from cancer?
;;0.296;;sack sushmaswaraj , says rahul gandhinew delhi, june 16, 2015, dhns 23:29 istcongress vice-president rahul gandhi on monday asked prime minister narendra modi to sack external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for helping former ipl chief lalit modi who is the symbol of black money.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj is just a minor minister in the cabinet.
;;0.0;;was the external affairs minister acting at the instance of the prime minister?
;;0.7814;;surjewala said the incontrovertible facts, documents and details of the modigate emerging since sunday clearly reflected active complicity of not only the external affairs minister but also pointed towards the entire bjp government aiding and abetting a fugitive with tacit approval of the prime minister.
;;0.0;;he alleged sushmaswaraj had overturned existing government communications to a foreign country.
;;0.1779;;gps to be installed in fishing boatsmarch 04, 2016, new delhi, dhns 1:21 istthe issue of indian fishermen straying into pakistans waters will be resolved soon with the installation of gps on fishing boats and marking of the maritime boundary, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on thursday.
;;0.0;;speaking about lalitgate that brought to the fore former indian premier league commissioner lalit modis unholy nexus with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and her son dushyant singh, govindacharya said, society functions on the basis of morality and not legality.
;;0.0;;an mou to this effect was just finalised during external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs recent visit to china, the ambassador said.
;;-0.5994;;new delhi, apr 8, 2017 (pti) 13:43 istindia has received a report on the shootout incident resulting in the death of its national in the us' washington state and is coordinating with the investigative agencies, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;-0.7845;;i have received a report on the shootout incident resulting in the tragic death of indian national vikram jaryal in washington state usa, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.2732;;congress president sonia gandhi won from the bellary lok sabha seat in october 1999 mid-term polls, defeating the then bjp candidate and present external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.2263;;rss okay with sushmaswaraj as prezdh news service, new delhi, jun 16 2017, 1:12 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;dh file photoa section of the rss is understood to have conveyed to the bjp that they are not averse to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj being considered for the post of the president.
;;0.0;;they said sushmaswaraj has the political stature, administrative experience and constitutional knowledge required to hold the august office.
;;0.5719;;sushma has come in for praise for her prompt and relentless efforts to rescue several stranded indians from distress situations.
;;-0.6597;;lalit modi row: govt, bjp and rss stand by sushmaswaraj swarajnew delhi, june 14, 2015, (pti): 15:25 istrejecting opposition demands for sushmaswaraj swaraj's resignation, the government, the bjp as well as rss today defended the external affairs minister over the lalit modi travel documents issue, asserting that she had done no wrong and only acted on humanitarian grounds.
;;0.0;;swaraj also reportedly talked to the prime minister.
;;0.3612;;singh's comment came after reports that sushmaswaraj had written to british lawmaker keith vaz to recommend travel documents for lalit modi, scam-tainted former ipl commissioner, for visiting portugal.
;;-0.0258;;bjp chief amit shah also strongly defended swaraj, saying she had acted in a humanitarian manner and no big moral issue was involved.
;;0.0;;sushmaji has herself clarified.
;;0.1779;;rss leader indresh kumar also defended swaraj, saying whatever she might have done would have been guided by her humane nature and nationalistic spirit.
;;0.0;;sushmaji is full of nationalism and humane nature.
;;0.0;;the sri lankan foreign minister had visited india last month on his first foreign trip soon after assuming charge during which he held talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.2732;;in the meeting between swaraj and samaraweera, both sides agreed to re-engage on repatriation of refugees from india, besides holding talks on a raft of crucial issues, including political reconciliation process and the sticky fishermen issue.
;;0.0;;last week, the spokesperson of the external affairs ministry had said both the countries were looking at substantive talks.
;;-0.8689;;the opposition has been agitating for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for allegedly helping controversial former ipl commissioner lalit modi and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over the vyapam scam, leading to disruption of proceedings in parliament.
;;0.5559;;union minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said while politics of parliament and road is for people's welfare, the brand new leader of the grand old party is neither able to understand realities of the roads nor importance of parliament.
;;-0.4767;;the first week of the parliament session ended without transacting any business as congress demanded the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan in order for the houses to function normally.
;;0.0;;soon after the home minister's speech, the upper house saw members seeking clarifications from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sri lankan prime minister ranil wickremesinghe's comments, justifying shooting of indian fishermen.
;;0.0;;earlier this year, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj kicked off year-long celebrations to mark 50 years of establishment of india-singapore diplomatic ties jointly with singapore foreign minister k shanmugam, who noted that india was one of the first countries to give diplomatic recognition to singapore.
;;0.8658;;srinagar, dec 5, 2015 (ians) 19:31 istexpressing happiness over the proposed visit of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to islamabad and hope it would revive the stalled dialogue process, former jammu and kashmir chief minister farooq abdullah saturday said good india-pakistan ties were must to deal with threats like the is.
;;0.8591;;on behalf on my party, i welcome the upcoming visit of sushmaswaraj swaraj and pray that it will lead to some conclusion for better ties between india and pakistan, he said on the sidelines of a function to pay homage to his father and national conference founder sheikh abdullah here.
;;0.0772;;statements (made by china) threatening use of force are not appropriate as both countries are committed to resolve the issue, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said here on sunday.
;;-0.5423;;there was no confrontation, stated the external affairs ministry.
;;-0.5106;;raje should quit along with swaraj: congnew delhi, jun 17, 2015 (pti) 11:56 istwith the latest revelations in modigate drawing vasundhra raje into the controversy, congress today demanded that rajasthan chief minister also resign along with external affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.4019;;swaraj should step down and raje should also resign for helping lalit modi, an economic offender and fugitive, spokesperson shobha ojha told reporters.
;;0.0;;the bjp president, along with senior leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, was to visit bangalore to kick-start the party's election campaign today.
;;0.1048;;none recommended them (the reddy brothers), he told reporters at hubli, about 360 km from here, late friday after senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj was reported as having said she had no hand in the their becoming ministers.
;;-0.3612;;the reddy brothers always refer to sushmaswaraj swaraj as their 'thayi' (mother) and only she could persuade them to give up their demand for yeddyurappa's head when they had rebelled against him in october 2009.
;;0.0;;they joined the bjp just ahead of the 1999 lok sabha polls and came into contact with sushmaswaraj swaraj, who contested from bellary against congress president sonia gandhi.
;;-0.7506;;pakistan must stop exporting terror to india if it wants to restart the stalled bilateral dialogue, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on monday.
;;0.34;;even as the officials of the coast guard of india and its counterpart pakistan maritime security agency met in new delhi for talks on monday, the external affairs minister ruled out the possibility of an early restart of formal bilateral talks.
;;-0.6597;;sushma on monday said that the national security advisors of india and pakistan continued to hold talks, as new delhi had decided that while talks and terror should not go together, talks on terror should go on.
;;0.0;;the proposal was discussed in the recent meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and his chinese counterpart wang yi on the sidelines of an international conference on nepal reconstruction in kathmandu last month.
;;0.5106;;he said chinese foreign minister during his meeting with swaraj appreciated india's usd one billion assistance to nepal.
;;0.0516;;swaraj meets chinese counterpart, raises lakhvi issuekathmandu, jun 25, 2015, (pti) 13:43 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today raised with her chinese counterpart wang yi china's blocking of india's move in the un for action against pakistan over 26/11 mastermind zaki-ur-rehman lakhvi's release, saying it was at variance with progress in ties.
;;0.4451;;the external affairs minister raised the issue of zaki-ur-rehman lakhvi on the stand china has taken on this matter in the united nations 1267 committee.
;;-0.9578;;she said both india and china have been victims of terrorism and therefore there should be no distinction made between good terrorists and bad terrorists, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said.
;;-0.4588;;he said wang assured swaraj that china opposes all forms of terrorism and that he will look into the matter.
;;0.34;;the ministry of external affairs (mea) and the embassy of india in tripoli are trying to secure the release of the others  t gopikrishna from srikakulam in andhra pradesh and balaram from hyderabad.
;;0.0;;trying for other two (sic), wrote external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on twitter on friday.
;;0.7783;;swaraj thanks pak for 'daughter of india' uzma's returnpress trust of india, new delhi, may 25 2017, 21:32 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj looks on as uzma ahmed gets emotional while uniting with her family during a press conference at jawahar bhawan in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.1531;;pti photoamid continued tension in indo- pak ties, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today thanked the pakistani establishment and judiciary for facilitating the return of indian national uzma ahmed, whom she described as a daughter of india.
;;0.7906;;swaraj had words of praise for uzma's counsel barrister shahnawaz moon and justice mohsin akhtar kiyani of the islamabad high court.
;;0.2023;;chidambaram demands release of letters to uk on lalit modinew delhi, june 15, 2015, (pti) 15:44 istformer finance minister p chidambaram today demanded release of letters written to the british government on the lalit modi case in the wake of controversy over external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's help to him in getting travel documents.
;;0.3197;;new delhi, july 1, 2015, (pti) 13:22 istcongress today sought to make more trouble for the government on lalitgate issue, putting forth six demands including making public minutes of a meeting it claimed external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had with uk high commissioner james bevan in which she had favoured grant of travel documents to lalit modi.
;;0.1027;;pitching for full disclosure by the government, congress' chief spokesman randeep surjewala claimed that swaraj has herself admitted that the meeting with the uk high commissioner had taken place.
;;0.0;;they are with the external affairs ministry and they should be made public, he told reporters.
;;-0.2023;;surjewala also demanded that any communication by sushmaswaraj swaraj with bevan or uk foreign minister on the matter be released.
;;-0.4767;;demanding sacking of swaraj, he reminded the prime minister that the congress had adhered to the highest standards of propriety by asking for resignation of madhavsinh solanki and natwar singh when allegations were made against them while they were external affairs minister.
;;-0.34;;he said moral and constitutional propriety demands that the prime minister ask swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje to resign.
;;-0.5859;;on charges made by lalit modi against congress leaders, surjewala said the former ipl chief was trying to divert attention from the congress demand of resignation of swaraj and raje.
;;-0.4767;;the congress attack has sharpened at a time when the monsoon session of parliament was just 20 days away and is expected to be a stormy affair if the lalitgate row continued.
;;0.0;;the congress leader said that swaraj should also make a full disclosure of how many times she had telephonic talk with the fugitive, how many times she or any member of her family have met him or have been in touch with e-mail and other communication.
;;-0.7351;;not only did external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj show promptness in facing the opposition in the rajya sabha, but the bjp is also set to rake up scams in congress-ruled states.
;;0.6124;;after finance minister arun jaitley told the rajya sabha the government was ready for debate a row involving swaraj, she tweeted: i am ready for a debate today itself.
;;0.1027;;our team has already reached there, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted on monday night.
;;0.0;;he further said a meeting with the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj would be held on june 23.
;;0.0772;;sushma swaraj to visit palestine, israel from jan 17-18new delhi, jan 12, 2016, (pti): 18:26 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will visit israel and palestine on january 17-18 to further build on the goodwill generated by the landmark trip of president pranab mukherjee to the two key west asian nations three months back.
;;0.7269;;as external affairs minister, it will be swaraj's first visit to west asia, a strategically important region where india is trying to expand its engagement.
;;0.8126;;the visit will also reaffirm india's continued political, diplomatic and developmental support to palestine, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said, adding the trip will further deepen the mutual understanding at the political level and boost bilateral engagement with palestine.
;;0.1531;;after completing her engagements in palestine on january 17, swaraj will go to israel the same day for a two-day visit during which she will hold discussions with the israeli leadership and review the entire gamut of india-israel relations which is on an upswing.
;;0.3612;;in tel aviv, swaraj will have meetings with president reuven rivlin, prime minister benjamin netanyahu as well as minister of defence moshe ya'alon, minister of national infrastructure yuval steinitz and israeli legislators.
;;0.0;;the external affairs minister will also interact with the indian community during her visit to the jewish nation.
;;0.6705;;on swaraj's visit to palestine, he said,this is the first visit of external affairs minister to west asia region and palestine is the first destination in the region which in itself reflects the importance india holds for palestine in its engagement with the countries of the region.
;;0.3818;;in palestine, swaraj will also inaugurate the palestine digital learning and innovation centre in ramallah.
;;-0.743;;castellanos said he had received complaints from a number of foreign missions here about the problems they are facing, adding the external affairs ministry has been apprised of the difficulties.
;;0.0;;the dean of diplomatic corp said he has written a letter to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the chief of protocol expressing concern over the restrictions on withdrwal of funds in the wake of the demonetisation drive.
;;0.0;;after the demonetisation decision last month, mea had said it has approached the department of economic affairs on the issue and was waiting for a decision by the finance ministry.
;;-0.7351;;lalit modi may face musicnew delhi, june 18, 2015, dhns 1:33 istmurky tale: govt moves fast to dispel charges of favouritismafter staunchly defending external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, the government is now planning a crackdown on disgraced ipl former chief lalit modi to redeem its position and shrug off charges of favouritism levelled by the opposition.
;;0.5574;;the ministry of external affairs (mea) is awaiting word from the finance ministry, which controls the ed, for moving the supreme court (sc) against the delhi high court order revoking cancellation of modis passport.
;;-0.34;;the restriction imposed by chidambaram during the upa regime was lifted by sushma.
;;0.4215;;, madhav, who plays an important role in shaping the party's views on external affairs, tweeted.
;;0.0;;our foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visited pakistan.
;;0.0;;zarif will call on prime minister narendra modi and hold a meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.5994;;cong leader sought help for coalgate accused: sushmanew delhi, july 22, 2015, dhns: 2:01 ist'he pressed me for diplomatic passport'buoyed by staunch support from the bjp top brass, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday threatened to reveal the name of a senior congress leader who sought diplomatic passport for santosh bagrodia, an accused in the coal scam.
;;-0.2584;;proceedings in both the houses were washed out on wednesday despite the government agreeing for a discussion on the controversy surrounding the external affairs minister.
;;0.6486;;speaking in the presence of prime minister narendra modi, bjp chief amit shah and other senior party colleagues, a confident and emotional sushmaswaraj said she would tear into pieces the congress by exposing individual instances of its leaders seeking shocking out of turn privileges.
;;-0.7003;;shah told party mps, who were given two booklets on saga of scams in congress-ruled states and on vyapam scam, that he has gone through official documents and found nothing against sushmaswaraj , vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan.
;;-0.7579;;amazon expresses regret for 'offending' indian sentimentsnew delhi, jan 12, 2017, pti 21:03 istfollowing a stern message by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj over sale of doormats depicting the tricolour, amazon today expressed regret for offending indian sentiments and informed her about removal of the product from its canadian website.
;;0.1779;;in a letter to swaraj, vice president and country manager of amazon india amit agarwal said, i am writing in connection with the products that carried the indian flag, as referred to in your tweet.
;;-0.4767;;yesterday, after she received a complaint about amazon canada selling doormats depicting indian flag on its site, swaraj reacted sharply and asked the e-retailer to withdraw the products and tender an unconditional apology, failing which no official of amazon will be granted indian visa and the ones issued earlier will also be rescinded.
;;-0.7184;;in a series of tweets, swaraj had expressed her anger at the sale of such an offensive doormat by amazon, which is seeking a big presence in india.
;;-0.8316;;tweeting agarwal's response to swaraj, the mea spokesperson said, in response to eam @sushmaswaraj's tweet, @amazon writes to her, expresses regret at hurting indian sensibilities, pulls offending item.
;;0.0;;agarwal also offered to meet swaraj to discuss the issue and amazon's broader relationship with india.
;;0.4404;;helping lalit modi is legally, morally wrong: bjp mp r k singhnew delhi, jun 23, 2015, (pti) 14:57 istbjp mp r k singh today struck a discordant note over party leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and vasundhara raje extending help to former ipl boss lalit modi, saying any help to a fugitive is legally and morally wrong.
;;0.7003;;singh's strong comments are the first public criticism by a ruling party mp against the help extended to lalit modi by external affairs minister swaraj and rajasthan chief minister raje, an issue which has snowballed into a major political storm for the narendra modi government even though bjp has defended both the leaders.
;;0.0;;he did not name either swaraj or raje.
;;0.128;;swaraj and raje have been facing flak for helping lalit modi in procuring travel documents in the uk, a country which he has made his home to avoid legal processes in india.
;;-0.6808;;onus on pm for functioning of parliament: congnew delhi, july 26, 2015, pti: 14:12 istaccusing the government of arrogance and obduracy, congress today put the onus on prime minister narendra modi for functioning of parliament after a near washout of monsoon session's first week with opposition adamant on resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and two bjp chief ministers.
;;-0.7269;;culpability and gross abuse of office in helping lalit modi, the indian fugitive, by both swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje are evident.
;;-0.6486;;parliament has witnessed a washout since the monsoon session began on july 21 with congress-led opposition aggressively pressing for ouster of swaraj, raje, as also madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, rejecting the government's offer for a debate.
;;-0.8625;;asking the government to listen to the opposition demand for fixing accountability on swaraj for gross impropriety and abuse of office, former union minister anand sharma attacked the government for stonewalling the justified demand of accountability by opposition in parliament.
;;0.0;;he said that apart from swaraj, action must happen against the rajasthan chief minister.
;;0.6249;;it indicates that the gujarat chief minister is set to play a big role in party affairs in the run-up to lok sabha elections.
;;0.4019;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj conveyed india's unstinted support to the himalayan nation when she called on nepal prime minister sushil koirala here on the first day of her two-day visit.
;;0.0;;swaraj is here to attend an international donors' conference where she is likely to announce a major financial package by india for reconstruction of the quake-hit nation.
;;0.0;;the external affairs minister conveyed to the nepalese prime minister that india stands shoulder-to-shoulder with nepal and offered all possible assistance in its reconstruction activities, spokesperson in the external affairs ministry vikas swarup told pti.
;;0.5859;;he said swaraj conveyed to koirala that prime minister narendra modi is committed to offer full support to nepal and that india will provide whatever the quake-ravaged nation needs.
;;0.0;;however, modi decided to nominate swaraj for the icnr.
;;0.4767;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also called on the afghan chief executive officer when she conveyed to him the indias approval of third phase of 92 small development projects in afghanistan, with an estimated cost of $16 million.
;;0.5574;;jaitley, who had attended the nsc meeting along with senior cabinet colleagues sushmaswaraj swaraj and manohar parrikar, had said that all the assets at the base were safe.
;;0.0;;we will see whether the statement is made by prime minister modi or external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.3291;;new delhi, aug 6, 2015, pti: 18:15 istunder attack, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today made an emotional statement in the lok sabha, saying she had not helped lalit modi but her cancer-stricken wife and questioned if sonia gandhi would have acted differently if faced with such a situation.
;;-0.5283;;swaraj, whose ouster is being demanded vigorously by the opposition leading to a deadlock in parliament, made a statement with a preface in which she regretted that her friends in the opposition had been targeting her and not even ready to listen to her version on the issue.
;;-0.1779;;let parliament give any punishment it deems fit, the external affairs minister.
;;0.34;;to justify her point, swaraj refered to a media report which had quoted the british home department's statement saying the decision to give travel documents to lalit modi was determined in accordance with appropriate rules.
;;-0.0258;;'talks with pak still possible'new delhi, sep 8, 2014, dhns : 3:06 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday did not rule out the possibility of an early thaw in the frosty india-pakistan ties, even as she blamed islamabad for derailing new delhis recent effort to restart bilateral diplomatic engagement.
;;-0.3182;;the external affairs minister even dropped hints about indias willingness for an early meeting between director general (military operations), lt gen p r kumar, and his pakistani counterpart major general sarfraz chaudhary, to discuss the recent spurt in ceasefire violations along the line of control and the undisputed stretches of the border.
;;0.0;;(it is) pakistan, swaraj told journalists in her first standalone press conference after taking over as external affairs minister.
;;0.0;;is it too much to expect that pakistan does not meddle in india's internal affairs?
;;-0.9468;;swaraj also expressed disappointment over the pakistan governments failure to speed up the hitherto tardy trial of seven lashkar-e-toiba operatives accused of plotting the november 26-28, 2008, terrorist attacks in mumbai.
;;-0.8625;;congress has been protesting against the suspension of 25 mps in lok sabha and demanding resignation of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and two chief ministers over the lalit modi controversy and vyapam scam.
;;0.0;;on sunday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said the long-pending teesta water-sharing pact with bangladesh will not be signed during modi's visit.
;;0.0;;govt plans to issue oci cards for expatriate indiansnew delhi, jan 10, 2016, dhns: 1:43 istthe government is considering a proposal to issue overseas citizen of india or oci cards up to fifth or sixth generation of expatriate indians, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on saturday.
;;0.6124;;for india to achieve its goal of sustainable growth and development, it must assure global markets and international investors that it is open for business, nisha desai biswal, us assistant secretary of state of bureau of south and central asian affairs, said in washington.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her american counterpart secretary of state john kerry will co-chair the strategic and commercial dialogue on tuesday.
;;0.1877;;pointing out that despite being dogged by controversies, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundara raje scindia had not resigned, balakrishan said the bjp had in fact 'protected' them.
;;0.0;;modi has ushered changes in all spheres including foreign: swarajsilchar (assam), dec 27, 2015, (pti) 19:25 istprime minister narendra modi has ushered in changes in all spheres including india's foreign policy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said here today.
;;0.7906;;asserting that the bjp had come to power in the general elections with a broad vision for the country, swaraj voiced confidence that her party will emerge victorious in the assam assembly polls too.
;;-0.6249;;swaraj charged tarun gogoi with failing to bring all round development to assam.
;;0.0;;swaraj wondered what kind of development former prime minister manmohan singh brought to assam which he has been representing in parliament for nearly 24 years, ten years of that phase being as prime minister.
;;-0.128;;the issues that agitated the upper house mps included alleged involvement of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in the lalitgate issue, vyapam scam, non-implementation of special status for andhra pradesh, the suspension of congress mps in lok sabha, naga peace accord and appointment of bihar governor without consulting the state government, the rajya sabha secretariat said.
;;0.0;;making a suo motu statement in rajya sabha on her last week's visit of islamabad and recent developments relating to ties between the two neighbours, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said prime minister narendra modi had discussed with his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif on the sidelines of the environment conference in paris again re-engaging with each other.
;;-0.6369;;he had earlier frequently engaged in bitter attacks on india and accused new delhi of interfering in nepal's affairs and dictating to its leadership.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who was here last month for the international donors conference, had met the entire spectrum of nepalese leadership, including prachanda.
;;-0.2732;;while individuals can and do play a critical role in building institutions, i believe that no individual is larger than the institution, singh, who was replaced by s jaishankar as the foreign secretary, wrote in a letter to the officers and other staff of the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.2023;;external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, however, posted on twitter that she had briefed her about the government decision to remove her from the top office of the mea.
;;0.0;;since jaishankar was retiring on january 31, we had to issue orders of his appointment before that date, swaraj posted on twitter on thursday.
;;0.0;;i told her that the government wanted to appoint jaishankar as foreign secretary, tweeted the external affairs minister.
;;0.5574;;it has to be about institutions and how institutions interface and coordinate with each other, said singh, who took over as foreign secretary in august 2013 after the then erstwhile united progressive alliance government appointed her to the top office of the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj received an invitation from pakistan to attend the conclave in islamabad early next month.
;;0.0;;the invitation came from swarajs counterpart sartaj aziz, foreign affairs advisor to pakistan prime minister m nawaz sharif.
;;0.0;;we have yet to decide on the level of our participation, external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup said.
;;-0.0258;;sushma acted bonafide in lalit modi issue: jaitleynew delhi, june 16, 2015 (pti) 9:12 istfinance minister arun jaitley today sought to do some damage control by coming out in defence of sushmaswaraj swaraj over her help to scam-tainted lalit modi while prime minister narendra modi continued to be targeted in the 'modigate' by congress.
;;-0.7351;;two days after the raging controversy broke out triggering a political storm for the modi government, jaitley, swaraj, who holds the external affairs portfolio, and home minister rajnath singh met in the home ministry and discussed the entire issue for an hour before singh and jaitley held a press conference.
;;0.6597;;jaitley's defence of his cabinet colleague comes two days after party president amit shah and rajnath singh had asserted that swaraj had acted on humanitarian considerations in the matter of helping former ipl boss lalit modi get travel documents from britain.
;;-0.34;;there have been reports that the finance ministry and the external affairs ministry are involved in a blame game over who should appeal against the delhi high court order quashing the revocation of lalit modi's passport in august last year.
;;0.0;;sources also said there was nothing in writing about swaraj having talked to the british high commissioner on the issue.
;;0.6486;;asked whether swaraj had acted on her own to help modi, jaitley said all ministers in charge of various departments were capable of taking decisions and in all decisions taken by the government there is a collective responsibility.
;;0.1027;;he made light of jaitley's defence of swaraj saying if he does not defend then who will do it.
;;0.0;;sushmaji is nobody in the government.
;;-0.0772;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is also the minister for overseas indian affairs, has taken serious note of the issue and has spoken to indian high commissioner yash sinha in colombo and directed him to make immediate arrangements for their return, the sources said today.
;;0.0;;external affairs ministry spokesperson syed akbaruddin said, it is a labour-related issue.
;;0.4215;;minister of state for external affairs m j akbar said such things cannot be controlled as there is no international treaty on this, but confirmed action under two laws enacted in 1950 and 1971 to protect dishonouring of national emblems.
;;-0.4043;;the issue of amazon selling tricolour doormats and slippers on its websites had irked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had said such things were unacceptable and had threatened amazon management of rescinding visas to its officials if they did not stop such sales.
;;0.0;;there were several illustrative examples of how self goal has been conceded by the congress, minister of state for parliamentary affairs rajiv pratap rudy said.
;;0.0;;envoy to meet indian girl in pak who crossed over 14 years agonew delhi, aug 04, 2015, dhns: 0:50 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday asked new delhis envoy to islamabad t c a raghavan to travel to karachi and meet geeta, a hearing and speech-impaired girl who inadvertently crossed into pakistan over 14 years ago.
;;-0.5423;;sushma denies daughter studied on n-e quotanew delhi, june 18, 2015, dhns 1:34 istwith the controversy over her role in securing a travel document for former indian premier league commissioner lalit modi still raging, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday went combative on twitter, after a post on the micro-blogging website suggested that she had got her daughter admitted to a medical college against a seat allotted for students from the north-east.
;;0.5093;;she tweeted after the twitter handle soch@pakoed had posted sushmaswaraj is no stranger to taking and giving favours!
;;0.0;;the external affairs minister had also lost her cool last monday and posted on twitter targeting a tv journalist reporting on the controversy.
;;-0.34;;sushma on wednesday also deployed some of her aides to brief media persons and deny allegations that she had a private meeting with modi in london in october 2014 during her first visit to the uk after taking over as the external affairs minister.
;;0.5719;;sources close to sushmaswaraj told media persons that she had met modi during a private dinner hosted in her honour by indian-origin british hotelier joginder sanger.
;;0.0;;sanger owns the hotel where sushmaswaraj stayed during her visit to london for the pravasi bharatiya divas.
;;0.0;;sushma and modi never had a separate private meeting during her visit to london, they claimed.
;;-0.8934;;medanta's air ambulance crash lands near bangkok, pilot diesnew delhi, mar 6, 2017, (pti) 23:07 istan air ambulance of the medanta hospital today crash landed near bangkok after it caught fire, resulting in the death of its pilot and injuries to four crew members, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said tonight.
;;0.0;;the joint statement came after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met sharif and later his advisor on foreign affairs sartaj aziz in islamabad on the concluding day of her two-day visit for attending a multilateral conference on afghanistan.
;;0.0;;we will take it up with beijing, said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, while addressing a press conference.
;;-0.2732;;a spokesperson of the chinese ministry of foreign affairs also noted that india and china had disputes over boundaries.
;;-0.25;;the congress now plans to utilise the gross impropriety committed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and raje in the upcoming elections to the crucial state of bihar scheduled later this year.
;;0.0;;however, congress leaders do not expect the prime minister to take any action against swaraj and raje.
;;0.4939;;aicc general secretary digvijay singh took a jibe at modi wondering whether the rss was his next target after having taken care of swaraj and raje, the pms detractors in the bjp.
;;-0.0516;;the ministry of external affairs didn't make any official comment on the last minute cancellation of the trip as mamata was to leave for beijing on friday night.
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is out of the country at the moment, and foreign secretary vijay gokhale has been informed about the decision.
;;0.4019;;west bengal chief minister said in march that sushmaswaraj swaraj suggested her to consider leading a delegation to china under the government's exchange programme with the international department of the communist party of china (cpc).
;;0.4019;;on saturday, singh addressed party workers at an indoor stadium in raipur, prompting bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj to take a swipe at the prime minister for not being able to address a public rally.
;;-0.886;;since the beginning of the monsoon session on july 21, lok sabha saw repeated disruptions by opposition congress that demanded resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for facilitating travel documents of former ipl chief lalit modi, while asking for resignation of madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over the vyapam scam.
;;0.0516;;swaraj to meet ramdevlast updated: 08 june, 2011to express solidarity with baba ramdev's agitation against corruption, senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj today left for haridwar to meet the yoga guru.
;;0.4019;;swaraj, the leader of the opposition in the lok sabha, left for haridwar this morning and is likely to meet the yoga guru this afternoon, party sources said.
;;-0.6908;;the opposition has been seeking resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and madhya pradesh and rajasthan chief ministers shivraj singh chouhan and vasundhara raje which has paralysed parliament for two weeks with the government rejecting their demand.
;;-0.765;;pm protecting lalit modi; swaraj must go, says rahulkorba (chhattisgarh), jun 15, 2015, (pti) 20:51 istcongress vice- president rahul gandhi today asked prime minister narendra modi to sack foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj over the lalit modi controversy as he rejected her humanitarian ground argument and mounted a fresh attack on the nda government.
;;-0.34;;asked whether swaraj should resign, he said absolutely.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj is just a minor minister in the cabinet.
;;-0.2263;;swaraj is at the centre of a raging row for helping fugitive former ipl chief lalit modi, based in london, who faces money laundering charges, secure documents to travel to portugal last year.
;;-0.1027;;bhopal, jun 21, 2015, pti: 11:06 istin what could cause fresh trouble for external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, an rti query has revealed that madhya pradesh government appointed her husband and daughter as government advocates.
;;0.4215;;dubey alleged that the chief minister favoured swaraj with appointments as he wants to consolidate his position in the bjp.
;;0.0;;by make bansuri and kaushal state government advocates, he (chouhan) has politically obliged sushma.
;;0.0;;he said the document with such reference to people from north east comes at a time when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is on a visit to china.
;;0.4019;;if the ruling party is saying such things in its manifesto then on what basis swaraj is talking to china about how its force enters the state of arunachal pradesh and other areas, we need to understand that, he said.
;;-0.34;;the congress and some parties are demanding the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje over their alleged help to former ipl chief lalit modi, who is facing an enforcement directorate investigation, and of madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over the vyapam scam.
;;-0.9325;;govt rejects cong demand for resignation of swaraj, iraninew delhi, jun 24, 2015, (pti) 18:00 istthe government today rejected congress demand for resignation of union ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj and smriti irani over 'lalitgate' and 'fake degree' controversies, saying our ministers do not do all that their (upa's) ministers used to do.
;;-0.6486;;congress kept up its attack against the nda dispensation, seeking the sacking of external affairs minister swaraj from the union council of ministers and resignation of rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje on the 'lalitgate' issue.
;;0.1779;;the remarks by the two senior ministers came a day after bjp mp r k singh had struck a discordant note over swaraj and raje allegedly extending help to former ipl boss lalit modi, saying any help to a fugitive is legally and morally wrong.
;;0.7003;;singh's strong comments were the first public criticism by a ruling party mp against the help extended to modi by swaraj and raje, an issue which has snowballed into a major political controversy for the narendra modi government even though bjp has defended both the leaders.
;;0.296;;swaraj and raje have been facing flak from the opposition for helping modi in procuring travel documents in the uk.
;;-0.296;;sushma speaks to sartaj aziz on clericsnew delhi: march 19, 2017, dhns 1:21 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajthe missing clerics of the hazrat nizamuddin dargah were traced in pakistan on saturday after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to her counterpart in the neighbouring country, sartaj aziz.
;;0.0772;;aziz, foreign affairs advisor to pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif, promised during his phone call with swaraj that all efforts would be made to trace the clerics who went missing in pakistan earlier this week while on a tour.
;;-0.296;;i spoke to mr sartaj aziz, pakistan pm's adviser on foreign affairs regarding missing indian nationals syed asif ali nizami and nazim ali nizami of hazrat #nizamuddin aulia dargah, swaraj posted on twitter on saturday.
;;0.0;;aziz was in london when swaraj called him and sought his assistance.
;;-0.296;;shortly after the call, officials of pakistans ministry of foreign affairs informed the indian high commission in that country that the two missing clerics had been traced, sources said.
;;0.0;;how can we expect legitimacy from a governance structure that excludes the entire african continent and a country, which represents one-sixth of humanity, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj asked at the foreign ministers conference, which is a key component of the ongoing india-africa partnership summit.
;;0.0;;swaraj on her part had talks with her counterparts from zimbabwe, south sudan, malawi, cameroon, the democratic republic of congo, cape verde and ghana.
;;0.743;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj joined us secretary of state john kerry and japanese foreign minister fumio kishida in new york to call for peaceful settlement of maritime disputes in accordance with international laws, freedom of navigation and over-flight and unimpeded lawful commerce, including in south china sea.
;;-0.7845;;new delhi, dec 19, 2014, (pti) 15:03 isthectic activity, apparently over drafting of a resolution on the release of 26/11 mumbai attack accused zakiur rehman lakhvi, was witnessed in lok sabha today after prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj joined the house to condemn it.
;;0.2023;;the congress leader then sat alongside the external affairs minister in the front row of the treasury benches, with senior bjp leader l k advani and thambidurai on one side and the prime minister on the other.
;;-0.0;;press trust of india, new delhi/lahore, may 25 2017, 12:45 ista young indian woman, who said she was forced to marry a pakistani man at gunpoint, today returned home via the wagah border with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj saying she felt sorry for all that you have gone through.
;;0.34;;describing uzma ahmad as india's daughter, swaraj welcomed her to india.
;;0.4404;;some opposition parties, led by the congress, have been creating ruckus over alleged help extended to former indian premier league chief lalit modi by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, and on the vyapam scam in madhya pradesh in which over 40 people have died under mysterious circumstances and the supreme court has handed over the probe to the cbi.
;;-0.1027;;the congress party is demanding the resignations of swaraj, raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan before allowing parliament to function smoothly.
;;-0.25;;rahul gandhi led a serious charge by the congress against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in the lalitgate controversy while sonia gandhi displayed an unprecedented aggressive gesture at the centre after a number of her party mps were suspended by the lok sabha speaker.
;;0.7184;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj meets ex-diplomats on pakistan linenew delhi, jan 04, 2016, dhns: 0:58 istforeign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and foreign secretary s jaishankar on sunday met several top retired diplomats for a consultation on what would be indias best strategy to deal with pakistan on the diplomatic front.
;;0.0;;the meeting was attended by s k lambah, g parthasarathy, shyam saran, shivshankar menon, satyabrata paul, sharad sabharwal and t c a raghavan besides the minister of state for external affairs gen v k singh (rtd).
;;0.0;;the external affairs ministers meeting with former diplomats was prefixed and the government has not yet considered the option of calling off the dialogue.
;;0.0;;it would be premature to say anything more at this point, tweeted vikas swarup, the spokesperson for the ministry of external affairs.
;;-0.128;;mahajan appeared to be alluding to the last monsoon session of parliament which was a complete washout following a stalemate over the oppositions demand for removal of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over various controversies.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was present on the occasion.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted: the evacuation operation from yemen is over.
;;0.4019;;earlier the external affairs ministry spokesperson syed akbaruddin tweeted that india concluded its evacuation efforts in sana'a by airlifting over 630 people by three special air india flights from the yemeni capital.
;;-0.2023;;the lalitgate appears to have opened old fissures within the bjp since the row engulfed external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasudnhra raje for helping disgraced former ipl commissioner lalit modi in availing british travel documents.
;;-0.0516;;azad went on air on sunday to publicly criticise jaitley days after he came out in support of sushma.
;;0.6808;;another party mp, shatrghan sinha had seconded his views while supporting sushma.
;;-0.4767;;he, however, backed both sushmaswaraj and raje ignoring the oppositions demand seeking action against the two women.
;;0.2732;;he said the senior leaders including sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajnath singh, arun jaitley and nitin gadkari, state leaders jagadish shettar and others have agreed for the merger.
;;0.0;;senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj had openly opposed the merger.
;;0.4588;;sushma proposes 6-point templatebeijing, feb 1, 2015, pti: 0:57 iston her maiden visit to china, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday proposed a six-point template to broad-base sino-india engagement with an action-oriented approach to usher in an asian century.
;;0.743;;addressing an india-china media forum here, swaraj proposed that the two countries should follow an action-oriented approach, broad-base bilateral engagement, converge common, regional and global interests, develop new areas of cooperation, expand strategic communication, and fulfil common aspirations to usher in an asian century.
;;0.0;;the government must answer to the people about the allegations against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, he added.
;;-0.7579;;reiterating his party's demand for the sacking of swaraj and raje, surjewala said they had helped a fugitive accused of fraud of gigantic proportions.
;;0.4019;;sushma to take up driver's case with saudi authoritiesnew delhi, mar 23, 2016, dhns 1:22 istindia has decided to take up the case of a karnataka-based driver with the authorities in saudi arabia after a video of his heart-rending appeal for help alleging mistreatment by his employer went viral on the internet.
;;0.2732;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj received a report on the matter from the indian embassy in saudi arabia, including a comprehensive reply from the company.
;;0.3453;;please let us handle this matter at the diplomatic level, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.1779;;during her china trip in january, indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had proposed that both sides should think out of the box for solutions to the border issue.
;;0.0;;this is the first heads of mission conference the ministry of external affairs is holding after the change of regime in new delhi.
;;0.0;;apart from the prime minister himself, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley, home minister rajnath singh and minister of state (independent charge) nirmala sitharaman are expected to address the high commissioners and ambassadors who represent new delhi around the world.
;;0.0;;after brief mystery, sushmaswaraj back on twitter as 'foreign minister'new delhi, july 22, 2015 (ians) 19:07 istis she quitting?
;;0.4404;;social media was agog with speculation that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj may be thinking of quitting over the lalit modi episode after she deleted 'foreign minister, government of india' from her twitter bio.
;;-0.296;;sushma swaraj, who tweets from the handle @sushmaswaraj, had apparently deleted the words 'foreign minister, government of india', from her handle some time after her name was linked with former ipl commissioner lalit modi, who is accused of financial impropriety.
;;0.3818;;sushma swaraj has admitted to helping modi with travel documents to go from britain, where he is now staying, to portugal for treatment of his cancer-stricken wife.
;;0.0;;according to sources in the external affairs ministry, sushmaswaraj swaraj may have deleted the words because she wanted to keep the twitter handle as a personal one, and not as an official one.
;;-0.4215;;sushma swaraj has been making several personal comments on twitter after the lalit modi episode broke out, including taking potshots at a media personality.
;;0.0;;why did sushmaswaraj swaraj remove foreign minister from her twitter bio ?
;;-0.1531;;new delhi: dec 21, 2015, dhns 0:57 istbritish actor orlando bloom was deported to the uk soon after his arrival here as his e-visa had been rejected, following which external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj came to his help to get a visa.
;;0.4215;;sushma intervenesfollowing this, former samajwadi party leader amar singh spoke to sushmaswaraj seeking her intervention in the matter, they said.
;;0.0;;bangkok, jun 27, 2015 (pti) 18:51 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today arrived here for the 16th world sanskrit conference beginning tomorrow in which over 600 scholars from 60 countries will participate.
;;0.5719;;while swaraj will be the guest of honour during the inaugural ceremony of 16th world conference tomorrow, human resource development minister smriti irani will attend its concluding ceremony on july 2.
;;0.5719;;swaraj, the guest of honour at the event, will deliver her speech in sanskrit.
;;0.0;;during the visit, swaraj will also meet indian business leaders and hold interaction with academicians.
;;0.0;;on monday, swaraj will call on the thai political leadership.
;;0.0;;she will meet deputy prime minister and minister of foreign affairs of thai government gen tanasak patimapragorn.
;;0.0;;on her arrival here, swaraj was received by chalit manityakul, ambassador of thailand, and senior officials from ministry of foreign affairs of thailand.
;;-0.128;;congress turned up the heat on external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for helping fugitive lalit modi get travel documents in the uk and stalled both houses of parliament while demanding her ouster.
;;-0.8555;;swaraj set the tone for the governments aggressive posture by an early morning tweet claiming that a congress leader had pressed her to give diplomatic passport to former union minister santosh bagrodia, an accused in the upas coal block allocation scam.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to indias high commissioner to australia, biren nanda, who was in regular contact with senior officials of the federal government in canberra.
;;0.0;;as a preventive measure in accordance with the local requirements, we have evacuated the staff from the sydney consulate building, because it is located about 300-400 metres away from where this incident took place, spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs (mea), syed akbaruddin, told journalists here.
;;0.6249;;chandy, sushmaswaraj worked in tandemshemin joy, new delhi, july 5, 2014, dhns: 2:40 isthours before the media got a hint of the imminent evacuation of the kerala nurses from strife-torn iraq, chief minister oommen chandy on thursday night walked into kerala house here with a smile that no one could decipher.
;;0.6124;;by then, he had a definite word from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj about the good news that the modalities of evacuation had been worked out in coordination with the contacts in the middle east.
;;-0.25;;chandy had already struck a chord with swaraj in his first meeting and their concerted efforts had ensured victory.
;;-0.8591;;swaraj was facing her first crisis as external affairs minister, and with the approaching budget session of parliament, it would have been difficult for her and the government to tackle criticism in case of a slip-up.
;;-0.296;;the chief minister flew to delhi on wednesday night and held a series of discussions with swaraj in two days, exerting pressure for the early evacuation of the nurses.
;;0.6808;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, in a written reply to a question in lok sabha, also said the government keeps a constant watch on all developments that have a bearing on india's national interest and takes necessary steps to safeguard it.
;;0.7269;;safety of indians abroad 'priority' for modi govt: swarajpress trust of india, new delhi, jun 5 2017, 23:09 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4215;;pti photothe working style and scope of the mea has changed after prime minister narendra modi came to power, while safety of indians abroad has become a priority, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;0.1513;;swaraj also credited modi for making india's relations with the gulf countries very good, which helped the ministry bring back its citizens at the time of crisis in yemen.
;;0.6808;;swaraj gave another example of turkey and cyprus, who share a long-pending territorial dispute, yet both enjoy good relations with india.
;;0.34;;as a nation which sees itself as a major power, if india relies on external forces for its security, it will become more self-abased.
;;0.5994;;referring to reports that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and us secretary of state rex tillerson in their phone conversations have agreed to intensify defence and security cooperation, the editorial said that india seems to be wary about enlarging gap with china.
;;0.0;;he was referring to the allegations made against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, union human resources and development minister smriti irani, and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje scindia.
;;0.25;;new delhi, dec 6, 2016, (pti) 21:42 ista bed-ridden egyptian woman weighing 500kg was today granted visa by indian embassy in cairo following intervention by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4019;;36-year-old eman ahmed, a resident of port city of alexandria, was issued the medical visa hours after a mumbai- based bariatric surgeon requested swaraj to help the woman travel to india for her treatment.
;;0.6597;;we will definitely help her, swaraj tweeted in response to the request.
;;-0.5859;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted: the number of indian lives lost in haj stampede has now risen to 22.
;;0.0;;on saturday morning, the external affairs ministry had announced four more deaths of indian pilgrims, taking the toll to 18.
;;0.0;;advani addressed public meetings in this north karnataka town, about 350 km from bangalore, and in davangere in the central part of the state while sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke at a rally in the state capital.
;;-0.5994;;in her address to the bangalore rally, sushmaswaraj swaraj asserted that the first bjp government in karnataka did work for the welfare of the people though infighting and scandals hurt the party.
;;0.0;;he should remove madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chauhan, rajasthan cm vasundhara raje, chhattisgarh cm raman singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley and other tainted ministers and by all means let parliament function, the congress leader said.
;;-0.1027;;besides, the senior congress spokesman alleged that jaitley has also given clean chit to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj despite her act of gross impropriety.
;;0.128;;swaraj and raje have been facing flak for helping modi in procuring travel documents in the uk, a country which he has made his home to avoid legal processes in india.
;;0.4215;;swaraj leaves for new york for yoga day event at unnew delhi, jun 20 , 2015, pti: 12:53 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today left for new york where she is going to participate in the international yoga day event being organised by the indian mission at the united nations.
;;-0.4404;;swaraj is battling a controversy over helping scam-tainted former ipl chief lalit modi, who is facing money laundering and other charges, get travel papers in britain, with the opposition demanding her removal.
;;-0.2263;;aam aadmi party activists today protested outside swaraj's residence here, demanding her resignation.
;;0.25;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her counterpart sartaj aziz announced in islamabad that india and pakistan would resume the parleys, which would now be called comprehensive bilateral dialogue, and will include talks on humanitarian issues, including religious tourism.
;;0.0;;azad also wondered why the bjp government did not take a similarly stern action against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in lalitgate affair.
;;0.6369;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had sought a a report about the case from indian envoy in qatar two days ago, today said the embassy has requested tamil nadu government to help in filing mercy plea for alagappa subramaniam and chelladurai perumal.
;;0.0;;our embassy has requested govt of tamil nadu in this regard, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.1027;;sharma said, since external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is going to islamabad, we wanted to know what understanding was reached between prime minister modi and pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif.
;;0.0;;responding to him, minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said the external affairs minister will make a statement on december 10.
;;-0.4767;;however, the congress appears to be defiant and unwilling to budge from its stand of resignation first and discussion later on controversies surrounding union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and bjp chief ministers shivraj singh chouhan and vasundhra raje.
;;0.8316;;he also showered praises on prime minister narendra modi, describing him as god's gift to the nation and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who he called a national asset.
;;0.2263;;sushma justifies move to restart indo-pak dialoguenew delhi, dec 14, 2015, dhns: 1:47 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday justified the governments decision to restart the stalled india-pakistan dialogue.
;;0.0;;five days after meeting her pakistani counterpart sartaj aziz in islamabad and announcing resumption of the dialogue, sushmaswaraj delivered a statement in both houses of parliament, explaining the circumstances leading to the resumption of the dialogue after a hiatus of two years.
;;-0.5267;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in lok sabha that india and pakistan decided to hold talks on terror when the prime ministers narendra modi and nawaz sharif met in ufa (russia) in july and then in paris recently.
;;-0.6808;;swaraj was speaking against the backdrop of recent decision to re-start the 'comprehensive' dialogue with pakistan under which various subjects, including terrorism and jammu and kashmir, will be discussed.
;;-0.4588;;the external affairs minister said modi had said there was a need for talks to resolve the issue of terrorism.
;;0.7783;;the external affairs minister said india will continue to take all necessary steps to safeguard the nation's security and safety of all citizens.
;;0.5574;;co-chaired by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her myanmarese counterpart wunna maung lwin, the jcc reviewed entire gamut of bilateral ties and also agreed to step up cooperation in border management and in sectors like petroleum, trade and commerce.
;;0.9337;;in the meeting, swaraj reaffirmed that india's commitment to support the modernisation of myanmar armed forces and conveyed that it would be happy to share its experience in functioning in a democratic environment, in creating a national army, cooperation in the field of it, in dealing with emerging security challenges, and military to military cooperation including in terms of training.
;;0.3818;;swaraj and lwin discussed possible opportunities for joint ventures in myanmar in the power sector, particularly hydro-electric power.
;;-0.296;;row over sushmaswaraj help to lalit modi for travelnew delhi, june 15, 2015, dhns 1:26 istminister took uk mp's aid to get documentsexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj landed in trouble on sunday following a report that accused her of influencing british authorities and labour mp keith vaz to provide travel documents to fugitive former ipl chairman lalit modi.
;;-0.3182;;the controversy started after british media, based on a leaked email, reported that sushmaswaraj had spoken to high commissioner to india james bevan and indian-origin parliamentarian keith vaz to push lalit modis case for getting travel documents.
;;-0.3182;;leaked correspondence reveals how vaz cited sushmaswaraj swaraj, indias foreign minister, to the home office in an effort to expedite the case of lalit modi, a mutual acquaintance.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendra modi, however, threw his weight behind sushmaswaraj while union home minister rajnath singh and bjp chief amit shah rushed to her defence.
;;0.5994;;dhns 1:26 istdisgraced cricket administrator lalit modi used competing tv channels to air his version of events and about the nexus between him and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje  by granting the first interview from a picturesque locale in montenegro, off adriatic sea.
;;0.5106;;on tuesday night, india today tv's consulting editor rajdeep sardesai became the first journalist to interview modi about the the role of swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in helping him get treatment for his wife as well as immigrate to the uk.
;;0.2732;;modi agreed that he has made a phone call to swaraj.
;;0.128;;rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj have been facing flak for allegedly helping former ipl commissioner lalit modi in procuring travel documents in the uk, a country which he has made his home to avoid legal processes in india.
;;0.128;;pompeo and mattis are expected to host their indian counterparts -- external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defense minister nirmala sitharaman -- sometime this summer for the inaugural 2+2 dialogue.
;;0.5106;;nepal's appreciation for prime minister modi was conveyed by president ram baran yadav to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj when she called on him here.
;;0.6486;;he specifically mentioned about the important role prime minister narendra modi has personally played in ensuring that nepal gets back on its feet as soon as possible, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said.
;;0.0;;swaraj made the announcement during an international donors conference organised by the nepalese government to raise funds for reconstruction programmes.
;;0.0772;;in the meeting with yadav, the external affairs minister conveyed to him that that there was no need to thank india as it had offered its assistance as a neighbour.
;;0.0;;swaraj had yesterday met prime minister sushil koirala during which she conveyed to him that india will provide all possible assistance to nepal.
;;-0.0258;;the government of india believes that asylum seekers, while applying for asylum to a foreign government, denigrate the system in india to obtain personal gains despite the fact that india, being a democratic country, provides avenues for everyone to redress their grievances lawfully, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in a written reply to a question in the lok sabha.
;;-0.25;;with 18 members of the country's under-14 girls football team stuck in nepal following the earthquake, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said they will be evacuated on priority.
;;0.3182;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today called on prime minister of luxembourg xavier bettel and discussed ways to expand bilateral cooperation in trade and investment, space, digital india and people-to-people relationship.
;;0.0;;swaraj, who arrived in luxembourg on the third leg of her four-nation tour yesterday, became the first external affairs minister from india to visit the european country.
;;0.0;;ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted: business starts early!
;;0.0;;swaraj then had a productive meeting with minister of foreign and european affairs of luxembourg jean asselborn.
;;0.6705;;swaraj arrived in luxembourg for a two-day visit from france where she met the top french leadership and addressed the indian diaspora at a reception organised in her honour.
;;0.0;;on the last leg of her tour, swaraj will visit belgium from june 20-23.
;;0.0;;its other members include law minister d v sadananda gowda, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and minister of state in pmo jitendra singh.
;;0.0;;new delhi, jan 30, 2015 (pti) 19:15 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will travel to china on a four-day visit tomorrow during which she will hold talks on issues of concern with her chinese counterpart wang yi and attend russia-india-china (ric) meeting.
;;0.0;;during her trip, which comes within a week of us president barack obama's three-day visit here, swaraj will discuss bilateral, regional and global issues of concern to both sides with her chinese counterpart, mea has said.
;;0.0;;the external affairs minister will also attend the ric meeting with her chinese and russian counterparts.
;;-0.3612;;the meeting was earlier scheduled to take place in august but swaraj cancelled her travel which was to take place just ahead of modi's visit to japan.
;;0.0;;the visit by swaraj comes in the backdrop of china describing obama's visit here as superficial rapprochement while talking about differences between india and the us on various issues.
;;0.0;;swaraj will also inaugurate the 2nd india-china high- level media forum and attend the launch of visit india year during her stay in beijing.
;;-0.4019;;sitharaman, meanwhile, described congress as confused, and sought to drive a wedge into the opposition's unity, saying the party had pushed itself against the wall by demanding the resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chauhan.
;;-0.1901;;but foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj gave a clear and categorical reply that the foreign secretary-level talks have been suspended.
;;-0.7184;;indian forced into marriage in pak returnsdh news service, new delhi, may 26 2017, 1:54 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj consoles uzma, an indian woman who was reportedly forced to marry a pakistani national, on her arrival in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.0;;she was later received at the ministry of external affairs in the national capital.
;;0.5719;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj thanked the pakistani administration and judiciary for supporting uzma in her legal battle.
;;-0.6369;;gogoi reiterated the demand for resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for allegedly helping former ipl boss lalit modi get british travel documents and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan for his alleged involvement in the vyapam scam.
;;0.4588;;n korean minister comes callinganirban bhaumik, april 11, 2015, new delhi: 1:58 istindia and north korea will have a rare high-level engagement on monday when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will receive ri su yong, her counterpart from the reclusive communist nation, in new delhi.
;;0.0;;he will call on vice-president m hamid ansari on monday before holding a meeting with sushma.
;;0.2732;;ri might also request sushmaswaraj to augment new delhis humanitarian assistance as well as its educational and cultural aid to pyongyang.
;;0.0;;indias external affairs minister and koreas foreign minister had last met at bandar seri begawan on june 30, 2013.
;;0.7184;;sources said swaraj would reiterate new delhis view on the importance of maintaining peace and stability on the korean peninsula, including the objective of denuclearisation.
;;0.3502;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who visited china last month to make preparations for the prime minister's visit, spoke about the need for an out of the box solution on the border issue in order to not leave it for future generations.
;;0.128;;congress created a balloon against external affiars minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, but it deflated.
;;0.34;;the government wednesday held discussions with sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, leaders of the opposition in lok sabha and rajya sabha respectively, on the issue.
;;0.128;;hand chopping incident: it's unacceptable, says swarajnew delhi, oct 9, 2015, (pti) 10:29 istterming as unacceptable the incident where an indian woman's hand was chopped off by her employer in saudi arabia, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said the matter has been taken up with saudi authorities.
;;-0.8885;;we have also sought an independent probe in the incident and urged that a case of attempted murder be lodged against the sponsor so that he is punished, if found guilty as per law, the spokesperson in the external affairs ministry had said.
;;0.4019;;when asked about the row over help to tainted former ipl commissioner lalit modi by union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for travel documents, prahlad said it was done on humanitarian grounds and the issue should not be unnecessarily hyped.
;;0.1027;;defence minister manohar parrikar, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and home minister rajnath singh had a meeting to review the situation.
;;-0.6369;;new delhis envoy to islamabad, t c a raghavan, was summoned to the ministry of foreign affairs of pakistan government where foreign secretary of the neighbouring country, a a chaudhry, lodged a protest with him for ceasefire violation by soldiers of india.
;;0.0;;information and nri affairs palle raghunatha reddy said the state government was making efforts for the release of gopikrishna, a teacher by profession and a native of srikakulam district in andhra pradesh.
;;0.0258;;srikakulam mp k rammohan naidu also said he was in touch with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the matter.
;;0.0;;i and external affairs minister (sushma swaraj) discussed the issue this morning.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday left new delhi for a visit to mauritius.
;;0.0;;on sunday, swaraj will attend a commemorative ceremony the mauritian government has organised at apravasi ghat.
;;-0.128;;a meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj friday saw them venting frustration at the government for repeating old statements and not being able to provide any proof that their kin are alive.
;;0.0;;the sources in cmo said kumar had also telephoned union home minister rajnath singh, finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and other central ministers and invited them for the oath ceremony.
;;-0.6369;;there were protests when the speaker informed that she had rejected the notices of adjournment moved by mallikarjun kharge, m veerapa moily and k c venugopal (all congress) and n k premchandran (rsp) on the controversy allegedly involving the former ipl chief and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje.
;;0.9001;;soon, congress members sporting black ribbons stormed the well holding placards with slogans like: 'bade modi meherban, toh chhote modi pehelwan' (a hindi idiom meaning that a small person is strong if supported by a powerful person) and 'pm chuppi todo' (pm, break your silence), 'modi ji 56 inch dikhao, sushmaswaraj , raje ko turant hatao' (show your 56 inch chest by removing swaraj and raje).
;;0.0;;beijing, feb 2, 2015 (pti) 11:09 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today met her russian counterpart sergey lavrov here ahead of the russia, india, china foreign ministers meeting scheduled for later in the day.
;;0.0;;both swaraj and lavrov would attend the trilateral foreign ministers meeting along with chinese foreign minister wang yi to discuss initiatives for cooperation.
;;0.0;;swaraj, who arrived here on january 31, would take part in the launch of visit of india year function followed by a meeting with chinese president xi jinping today.
;;0.0258;;to set the move in motion, the hrd ministry has forwarded a proposal in this regard to the ministry of external affairs, requesting the latter to reach out to 30 countries for signing a pact on mutual recognition of academic qualifications.
;;0.0;;the hrd ministry has requested the external affairs ministry to pursue its proposal for mutual recognition of degrees with all 30 countries in asia, africa, west asia and commonwealth of independent states (cis), official sources told dh.
;;0.128;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj launched the 'study in india' programme on april 18, offering foreign students as many as 50,000 seats for admission in various disciplines at country's 160 higher education institutions which includes indian institute of science.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj, leader of opposition in the lok sabha, called on sharad yadav to propose that he should contest as an nda candidate, confirmed a senior leader of the janata dal-united.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj showed a decrease of rs.3.
;;0.0772;;accused of muslim-bias on visa applications, swaraj hits backnew delhi, jan 21, 2017, (pti) 9:46 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today hit back against lesser-known outfit hindu jagaran sangha for accusing her of taking care of visa requests by muslims only.
;;-0.4404;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took to twitter to read out the riot act to amazon, which recently triggered a controversy in canada by trying to sell doormats themed on the national flag of india.
;;-0.4939;;they must withdraw all products insulting our national flag immediately, sushmaswaraj tweeted.
;;0.0;;we will also rescind the visas issued earlier, sushmaswaraj added.
;;0.0516;;congress members, holding placards in the well, were demanding ouster of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over various controversies.
;;0.4019;;modi, who has made the uk his home since 2010, is currently embroiled in a controversy over obtaining travel documents in that country with the help of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and for his similar dealings with rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje.
;;-0.6369;;congress has been demanding her immediate resignation along with that of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, saying they have no right to continue in office after helping the former ipc chairman who is facing money laundering and other charges.
;;0.0;;the minister of parliamentary affairs asked.
;;0.0;;naidu also said allegations made against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had boomeranged on the congress and its leaders as they could not answer in parliament as to why they allowed lalit modi to flee the country.
;;-0.5719;;questioning the intent behind his visit, congress also rejected claims of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj that the prime minister's move was 'statesman-like' and claimed that the visit was pre-arranged by a businessman.
;;0.3612;;the external affairs minister said the prime minister has acted like a statesman in deciding to visit pakistan and this is how relations with neighbours should be.
;;-0.5719;;questioning the intent behind his visit, congress rejected claims of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj that the prime minister's move was 'statesman-like' and said it was pre-arranged by a businessman.
;;-0.7264;;rejecting swaraj's claim that the visit was spontaneous, sharma said the external affairs minister claims, very foolishly so, that it's statesman-like.
;;-0.3612;;it is a ridiculous position that the external affairs minister is claiming what is spontaneous and others are saying it is pre-discussed.
;;0.1321;;he said his party would not accept any reply on these issues from the external affairs minister and asked the prime minister to make a statement on this on his return.
;;-0.9118;;bjp rejects demand for resignation of swaraj, rajenew delhi, jun 19, 2015 (pti) 18:10 istbjp today rejected the demand for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundahara raje over their alleged links with scam-tainted lalit modi, saying there is no technical or legal basis for it.
;;0.7269;;party spokesperson sudhanshu trivedi said while the party's top leadership has made its position clear on the issue of swaraj, the validity of the documents produced against raje are not yet verified.
;;-0.1779;;there is no technical and legal basis that you can say there is any point of impropriety, he said to questions on whether there will be action against swaraj and raje.
;;0.0;;amid slogan-shouting by congress members, he said the congress was using lalit modi issue against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj as a pretext to stall the important tax legislation.
;;0.0;;that is why they are using the pretext of external affairs minister.
;;0.3818;;modi is currently embroiled in a controversy for obtaining travel benefits through external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and for his similar dealings with rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje.
;;0.3818;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj sent a similar congratulatory message to le luong minh, secretary-general of the organisation to reinforce indias commitment.
;;0.8126;;indeed, aseans centrality in regional affairs is paramount for the regions peace, progress and stability, which india is committed to uphold.
;;0.5574;;in their strategic dialogue, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and kishida will deliberate on a range of key issues including firming up of a deal on defence equipment cooperation and production of amphibious long-range aircraft us-2 besides addressing issues relating to long-pending civil nuclear agreement.
;;0.0;;deputy press secretary, ministry of foreign affairs of japan ken okaniwa said both the leaders will also discuss about the tokyo declaration issued during prime minister narendra modi's visit to tokyo in september last year.
;;0.7506;;the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs (ccpa) headed by home minister rajnath singh also took a decision today to call a special two-day sitting of parliament on the first two days of the session to commemorate the adoption of the indian constitution on november 26, 1949, and honour its architect, dalit icon br ambedkar.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj could not attend the meeting.
;;0.2023;;new delhi, aug 10, 2015 (pti) 14:57 istrahul gandhi today said congress will allow parliament to function only after external affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj discloses her family's financial transactions with lalit modi and hit out at prime minister narendra modi for praising chief ministers of madhya pradesh and rajasthan while remaining silent on their illegal acts.
;;-0.0772;;the congress vice president attacked swaraj for being secretly kind and charitable to lalit modi, whom he termed as a criminal, and asked her to tell the country how much money she and her family have received in their bank accounts from the former ipl chief.
;;0.8479;;targeting external affairs minister swaraj, rahul said it was nice to hear her speech in parliament about how one should be very kind to lalit modi and should be charitable to him.
;;-0.4019;;devanur had tweeted his problem to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who in turn contacted the indian consulate in pakistan and silvia eventually got the visa.
;;-0.5267;;as the incident on sunday night took a serious diplomatic turn, karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah said five men had been arrested and that minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to him.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj also spoke to me, i will also be sending her a report through my chief secretary, he told reporters at invest karnataka 2016, a global investors meet, here.
;;-0.8481;;swaraj had described it as a shameful incident and spoken to siddaramaiah, seeking stringent punishment for the guilty, while the high commission of tanzania had sent a note verbale to the external affairs ministry on the issue.
;;0.4019;;voicing concern over the incident, congress vice president rahul gandhi today sought a report from the karnataka government, according to party general secretary digvijay singh, in charge of congress affairs in the state.
;;-0.9201;;sonia slams modi's 'deafening silence'new delhi, aug 04, 2015, dhns: 0:17 ist'house disruptions forced on us'in a scathing attack on the government, congress president sonia gandhi on monday accused prime minister narendra modi of retreating into deafening silence on the blatant transgressions of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and two chief ministers.
;;0.3818;;in a clear message, sonia declared that the congress would not cooperate with the government in running the parliament so long as swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan are not sacked.
;;0.1476;;she said the prime minister has never missed an opportunity to take a moral high ground on transparency, integrity and accountability, but has retreated into a silence mode when it came to blatant transgressions by swaraj and the two chief ministers.
;;-0.296;;there is a mountain of incontrovertible evidence in public domain for the prime minister to require the resignations of the external affairs minister and the two chief ministers, she said, virtually sealing the fate of the ongoing monsoon session.
;;-0.7184;;the congress has been demanding the resignations of swaraj and raje for their alleged involvement in facilitating travel documents for former ipl boss lalit modi and chouhan for the vyapam scandal.
;;0.4215;;while external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will lead the mega event at the united nations headquarters, home minister rajnath singh will participate at a yoga event in lucknow.
;;0.0;;we will make her sit again with them (mahatos) so that she recollects her memory, said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at a press conference, accompanied by geeta and bilquees banu from edhi foundation in karachi, geetas home for the last 10 years.
;;0.0;;she will learn sign language and will be given vocational training so that she is able to earn, sushmaswaraj added.
;;-0.2023;;the congress and aam aadmi party continued to demand the centre to sack raje along with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is also accused of helping disgraced former ipl chief lalit modi procure travel documents from uk authorities to visit his ailing wife in lisbon.
;;-0.2944;;the bjp is in a fix as leaders debate the pros and cons of a change in rajasthan, since the opposition is now focussing more on raje realising that she is in a more vulnerable position than sushma.
;;0.6808;;the government also roped in external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is known to have good relations across political parties, for negotiations.
;;-0.25;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje are battling opposition charges of helping out lalit modi who is evading money-laundering case in india by staying in london.
;;0.0;;the former mp said that modi not taking along with him external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj when on foreign visits is an example of how secretive he is.
;;0.0;;normally, the practice is the external affairs minister will accompany the prime minister on foreign visits.
;;-0.4767;;the aap also demanded the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje over their alleged links with former ipl chief lalit modi.
;;0.4939;;the delhi high courts order restoring modis passport in fact came just a few weeks after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj acted on a request from the former indian premier league commissioner and told british high commissioner in new delhi that india would not have any objection if the uk granted him a travel document to visit portugal to be present during a surgery his wife would undergo there.
;;0.1531;;prez @barackobama greets pm @narendramodi at doorstep of the white house, tweeted indian external affairs ministry spokesperson syed akbaruddin tuesday.
;;-0.1779;;the congress mps were demanding the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, and rajasthan and madhya pradesh chief ministers, vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan, respectively.
;;0.0;;the four ministers being targeted by the congress are rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, hrd minister smriti irani and maharshtra minister pankaja munde.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made a statement in both the houses on the back-to-back incidents in australia and pakistan.
;;0.0;;before the talks between the prime ministers, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on oli.
;;0.5704;;official sources said oli told swaraj that he wants to move forward in the relationship which is not man-made but entirely natural and civilizational.
;;-0.6486;;swaraj and oli also discussed reconstruction efforts in nepal which was hit by a devastating earthquake in april last year, sources said.
;;0.0;;you must have seen external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's tearjerker.
;;-0.1531;;he was reacting to the statement of swaraj in the lok sabha in which she said that she had not helped lalit but his cancer-stricken wife and questioned if sonia gandhi would have acted differently if faced with such a situation.
;;-0.8779;;the arrogance of power reached its zenith today when modi government brazenly asked foreign minister swaraj to explain away her unpardonable impropriety, willful lies, criminal intent, gross misuse of office and patent conflict of interest in garb or humanitarian grounds to help lalit modi-an indian fugitive accused of black money laundering, hawala, match-fixing and rigging of contracts, he said.
;;0.0;;by her own admission contained in her tweets dated june 14, 2015, swaraj enabled the british government to give lalit modi travel documents.
;;0.0258;;swaraj insisted in lok sabha that she had made no request or recommendation to the uk government for giving travel documents to lalit modi but had left the decision to britain.
;;-0.5283;;swaraj, whose ouster is being demanded vigorously by the opposition leading to a deadlock in parliament, made a statement with a preface in which she regretted that her friends in the opposition had been targeting her and were not even ready to listen to her version on the issue.
;;0.4767;;one of the principal explanatioins given by swaraj for helping lalit was that lalit had to give consent for surgey to his wife in portugal.
;;0.0;;he also countered the external affairs minister's claims saying swaraj also explained that she was facilitating travel documents for lalit for treatment of his wife.
;;0.34;;is it not apparent that swaraj and vaz were trying to help secure travel documents for lalit for conflicting reasons?
;;0.0;;holding that swaraj could not have done all this without jaitley, collective responsibility of the cabinet and knolwedge of the prime minister, sharma said the prime minister cannot brazen it up by remaining silent.
;;0.4215;;lalit modi, who has been putting out reams of information through tweets and other media, was apparently helped by external foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhra raje, at a time when he was being sought by the enforcement directorate during the previous united progressive alliance regime.
;;-0.5574;;new delhi, dec 25, 2015 (ians) 22:20 istthree indian youths, who were allegedly physically tortured by their employer in saudi arabia, will return to india early saturday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on friday.
;;0.4767;;beijing, feb 1, 2015, (pti) 18:40 istindia is committed to finding an early settlement to the vexed boundary issue, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said on her maiden visit to china as she proposed a six-point template to build sino- india ties to realise the common dream of 'asian century'.
;;0.5423;;the award, instituted by external affairs ministry and indian council for cultural relations, comprises usd 20,000 and a citation.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was also present during the function.
;;0.0;;evacuation operatation, named sankat mochan is led by minister of state for external affairs v k singh.
;;0.0;;in a series of tweets on evacuation, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, we are launching operation #sankatmochan to evacuate indian nationals from south sudan.
;;-0.4767;;one senior bjp leader still haunted by decade long association with reddy brothers is sushmaswaraj swaraj who had taken on congress president sonia gandhi in bellary in the 1999 lok sabha polls.
;;0.8945;;sushma swaraj lost the polls but kept visiting bellary every year for nearly a decade to perform 'varamahalakshmi vratha' or worship of hindu wealth goddess lakshmi as the 1999 electioneering coincided with the major festival in karnataka.
;;0.6808;;dalip singh, new delhi, dh news service, may 29 2017, 8:41 ista trap laid by indian woman uzma turned out as the perfect anchor for external affairs ministry to successfully complete the diplomatic operation for liberating her from a pakistani man who had forcibly married her.
;;0.4404;;5 lakh cash as a wedding gift to the bridegroom, said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj narrating the untold tales of the episode lapped up by media on her return to the national capital.
;;0.0;;the union ministry of overseas indian affairs is expecting close to 3,000 overseas indian citizens and people of indian origins to attend the conclave.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj, minister for overseas indian affairs, on monday told journalists that guyanas indian-origin president donald ramotar would be the chief guest for the pbd 2015.
;;0.0;;the government had also invited foreign minister of south africa, maite nkoana-mashabane, but she had not yet confirmed her visit, added swaraj.
;;0.34;;the dream with which vajpayeeji had launched pravasi bharatiya divas remained unfulfilled, although the annual congregation continued to be held every year, said swaraj, promising that the divas 2015 would be different.
;;-0.4939;;cong steps up demand for sushmaswaraj swaraj's sackingnew delhi, jun 16, 2015 (pti) 12:02 istcongress today stuck to its demand for sacking of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for helping lalit modi get travel documents, alleging that the suit boot ki sarkaar was all out to save a person accused of violations and misappropriation of crores of rupees.
;;0.25;;the bjp, the external affairs minister and the whole government have come out to save an accused of the enforcement directorate.
;;-0.765;;sushma swaraj should be sacked as the external affairs minister for her immoral and illegal work in the modigate, which was reflected in the email correspondence between her and the former ipl boss, he alleged.
;;-0.5267;;the ministry of external affairs (mea) recently noted that soldiers of the pakistan army and pakistan rangers had violated the ceasefire 1,088 times so far this year.
;;-0.3818;;jab seema par janaaze uth rahe hon, toh baatcheet ki awaaz acchi nahi lagti (when funerals are taking place on the border, it is not appropriate to hold dialogue), external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said during her annual news conference on monday.
;;0.5719;;we are happy because it also implies that britain recognises our economic power, the external affairs minister said while replying to supplementaries during the question hour in lok sabha.
;;0.4019;;palestine was also a part of the two day visit of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and she reiterated indias support to the palestine cause.
;;0.0;;indian woman strip-searched at frankfurt airport, swaraj seeks reportnew delhi, apr 1, 2017 (pti) 23:31 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;dh file photoan indian woman was allegedly strip-searched at frankfurt airport, prompting external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today to seek a report from the indian consul general concerned.
;;0.0;;@cgifrankfurt (sic), swaraj tweeted to indian consul general in frankfurt raveesh kumar.
;;0.6124;;swaraj assures help to pakistani hindusnew delhi, aug 2, 2015, (pti) 12:49 istthe welfare of minorities in pakistan, including hindus, will be monitored closely and issues taken up at appropriate meetings, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said.
;;0.0772;;swaraj also assured taking up with pakistan the difficulties faced by hindus there in getting their marriages registered.
;;-0.0772;;these assurances was given by swaraj to rajya sabha bjp mp from punjab avinash rai khanna, who wrote to her highlighting the problems being faced by the hindus in the neighbouring country.
;;0.1027;;the pbd is the flagship event of ministry of overseas indian affairs (moia), government of india.
;;0.0;;on the first day of the event, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and us-based astronaut sunita williams, who has roots in gujarat, will take part in the 'youth pbd' programme at mahatma mandir in gandhinagar, the venue of the convention.
;;0.5423;;it is said sriramulu would have been considered for a ministerial post at the centre had he had the blessings of minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.5719;;swaraj used to be close to the reddys before the mining scam became public knowledge.
;;0.128;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and raje have been facing flak for helping modi in procuring travel documents in the uk, a country which he has made his home to avoid legal processes in india.
;;-0.9287;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her junior minister v k singh went into damage-control mode after the african heads of missions (homs) sought deferment of the event, expressing outrage over the recent killing and demanded steps against racism and afro-phobia.
;;0.6705;;while swaraj assured that india was committed towards the safety and security of african nationals, singh met the representatives of african heads of missions to assuage their concerns while strongly condemning the killing of the youth here last week.
;;-0.4019;;we have 13 injured in hospital, tweeted external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday.
;;-0.0572;;the ministry of external affairs could not confirm the number of indian casualties till late in the evening on thursday, as the saudi arabian government took hours to officially confirm identity of the deceased.
;;0.0;;parliament's monsoon session to begin on july 21new delhi, jun 24, 2015, (pti) 14:51 istthe monsoon session of parliament is all set to begin on july 21, but it will be a truncated three-week affair.
;;-0.3182;;the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs (ccpa) is learnt to have recommended the dates for the monsoon session during which the government is expected to face an opposition attack over the 'lalitgate' issue.
;;0.0;;the monsoon session is generally a four-week affair.
;;-0.5368;;congress has been warning that the upcoming session could be in jeopardy if external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje scindia were not made to resign on the lalit modi row.
;;0.2057;;bjp not to drop rajenew delhi, june 20, 2015, dhns 1:50 istdushyant's dealings above board, says partythe bjp on friday decided to cast its lot with beleaguered rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, at least for the time being, as it did with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj a few days ago.
;;-0.5719;;the party rejected demands for resignation of raje as well as that of swaraj for their reported nexus with disgraced cricket administrator lalit modi.
;;-0.5829;;chopping of hand of indian lady - we are very much disturbed over the brutal manner in which indian lady has been treated in saudi arabia (sic), wrote external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on twitter on friday.
;;0.0;;we have taken this up with saudi (arabian) authorities (sic), added swaraj.
;;-0.6908;;we had raised the issue on october 7 itself with their ministry of foreign affairs, and asked for strict action in the matter and severe punishment for the sponsor, said ministry of external affairs (mea) official spokesperson vikas swarup on friday.
;;-0.7783;;however, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was unequivocal in her statement that new delhi would have no discussion with islamabad until it realised that terrorism and talks did not go together.
;;0.1027;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is caught in the midst of a controversy for helping modi, former ipl commissioner who is charged with financial impropriety, with travel documents.
;;0.1027;;sushma swaraj admitted she helped modi on humanitarian grounds.
;;0.0;;new delhi, dec 6, 2016 (pti) 18:03 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is expected to undergo a kidney transplant at aiims here this weekend, with the organ being harvested from a living unrelated donor.
;;-0.4767;;according to doctors, swaraj been suffering from diabetes for quite a long time.
;;-0.5106;;on november 16, swaraj had tweeted that she was in aiims because of kidney failure.
;;0.4215;;lord krishna will bless, swaraj had tweeted.
;;0.1027;;64-year-old swaraj, who has been in and out of the hospital for last few months, was admitted to aiims on november 7.
;;0.4019;;after swaraj made public her health condition on social media, support had poured in for her with several people offering their kidneys for transplant.
;;0.5719;;come, connect and contribute: sushmaswaraj swaraj tells diaspora youthgandhinagar, jan 7, 2015, ians: 12:18 istminister for overseas indian affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj wednesday called on the diaspora youth gathered here to come, connect, celebrate and contribute to be part of the momentous transformation taking place in the country.
;;0.0;;speaking at the inauguration of the 2015 youth pravasi bharatiya divas (pbd), sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is also the external affairs minister, urged the diaspora youth to contribute to the country's development.
;;0.0;;he told external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to stay in india, while he went to the us, he said.
;;0.6249;;sushma helped us grow, says sriramululast updated: 31 may, 2011bellary, may 30,dhns: 0:24 ist''our mother sushmaswaraj swaraj is responsible for our progress.
;;0.0;;referring to her remarks distancing herself from the bellary quartet, he said the relationship with swaraj was personal and not politicaland that she could have made her remarks out of some political compulsions.
;;0.3612;;to us sushmaswaraj swaraj is like mother and goddess.
;;0.7717;;new delhi, jan 10, 2017, dhns 1:42 ista tweet by an information technology professional based at pune in maharashtra on monday irked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who has been actively using the social media platform to help people who need the help of her ministry.
;;0.4019;;sushma generally responds promptly to anyone tweeting to her seeking help from her or the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.0;;if you or your wife were from my ministry and such a request for transfer was made on twitter, i would have sent a suspension order by now, tweeted the external affairs minister.
;;0.4939;;smit tweet was apparently inspired by what the external affairs minister herself posted in twitter in response to a tweet from one sanjay pandita.
;;0.4019;;this banwas should end soon, swaraj responded to panditas tweet wittily, tagging the consular division of the mea, which has to intervene to help pandita get his wife to the us.
;;-0.6759;;but swaraj was not ready to help smit.
;;0.0258;;indians abroad must tweet problemsexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said that indian citizens experiencing problems abroad should tweet to the respective embassy or high commission of india, dhns reports.
;;0.0;;sushma also advised that she be tagged in such tweets.
;;0.2263;;please tweet your problem to the concerned indian embassy/authority and endorse the same to @sushmaswaraj, sushmaswaraj posted on twitter.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has been invited to flag off the inaugural flight, he said.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday gave the prime minister's travel dates to chinese authorities.
;;0.0;;in the presence of swaraj and her chinese counterpart wang yi, the two sides exchanged notes on the modalities of additional route to kailash manasarovar in 2015.
;;0.128;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and raje have been facing flak for helping modi in procuring travel documents in the uk, a country which he has made his home to avoid legal processes in india.
;;0.0;;senior diplomats of india, japan and us met in new delhi on saturday and discussed modalities of holding a trilateral dialogue among external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, japans foreign minister fumio kishida and us secretary of state john kerry early next year.
;;0.0;;he called on prime minister narendra modi and had a meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday.
;;0.34;;new delhi, jun 14, 2015 (pti) 12:45 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's name has been dragged into the controversy surrounding grant of visa to former ipl chief lalit modi by the uk where the matter is before a parliamentary panel.
;;0.2732;;according to british media, vaz cited the name of swaraj to put pressure on uk's top immigration official to grant british travel papers to lalit modi.
;;0.0;;swaraj today explained her actions saying she took a humanitarian view and conveyed to the british high commissioner that they should examine modi's request as per their rules and if the british government chooses to give travel documents to lalit modi  that will not spoil our bilateral relations.
;;0.4404;;the labour mp was then chairman of the influential house of commons home affairs select committee in which role he was required to scrutinise and hold to account the work of rapson and her department.
;;-0.1779;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) june 14, 2015regarding jyotirmay kaushal's admission in a law course at sussex university, he secured admission through the normal admission  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) june 14, 2015ground that the said order was unconstitutional being violative of fundamental rights and he got his passport back.
;;-0.5023;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) june 14, 2015i may also state that only a few days later, delhi high court quashed upa government's order impounding lalit modi's passport on the  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) june 14, 2015i genuinely believe that in a situation such as this, giving emergency travel documents to an indian citizen cannot and should not  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) june 14, 2015ground that the said order was unconstitutional being violative of fundamental rights and he got his passport back.
;;-0.8176;;if the british government chooses to give travel documents to lalit modi,  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) june 14, 2015taking a humanitarian view, i conveyed to the british high commissioner that british government should examine the request of  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) june 14, 2015sometime in july 2014 lalit modi spoke to me that his wife was suffering from cancer and her surgery was fixed for 4th aug in portugal.
;;0.0;;sushma meets counterparts from nepal, sri lankanew york, oct 1, 2015, (ians) 10:36 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met with her counterparts from neighbours sri lanka and nepal.
;;0.0;;sushma held bilateral talks with her sri lankan counterpart mangala samaraweera and with nepal's mahendra pandey on the sidelines of the un general assembly here.
;;-0.7269;;new delhi, aug 12, 2015, (pti) 17:47 istin a spirited fight back, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today tore into congress, saying it had helped bofors accused ottavio quattrocchi and bhopal gas leak accused warren anderson flee from india and roped in rajiv gandhi in this regard.
;;-0.128;;swaraj also targeted former union minister p chidambaram, saying he had failed to bring back lalit modi from united kingdom as he did not try for his extradition as suggested by the host government and confined his requests to deportation.
;;0.0;;chidambaram had not even kept the external affairs ministry in the loop, she said.
;;0.2732;;when swaraj started participating in the debate, it was opposed by congress members who rushed into the well.
;;0.5106;;as they started raising slogans, speaker sumitra mahajan said swaraj was free to 'intervene' as a member of bjp.
;;0.5106;;parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said while finance minister arun jaitley will reply to the debate, swaraj was free to speak.
;;-0.4588;;kharge attacked swaraj for one hour.
;;0.3252;;the leader of the opposition in rajya sabha asked the prime minister whether external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and vasundhara raje not guilty of fema, money laundering and passport acts.
;;-0.25;;bjp dodges queries on advanilast updated: 09 september, 2011new delhi, sep 9, dhns: 0:39 isttwo senior bjp leaders  sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley were on friday visibly reluctant to take any questions on the possibility of 83-year-old bjp veteran l k advani being a prime ministerial candidate in the next lok sabha poll.
;;0.3818;;with the advani around, swaraj and jaitley have slim chances of getting themselves groomed for the top post.
;;-0.296;;swaraj sought to know why doubts were being raised.
;;0.128;;modi to visit china in may: sushmabeijing, feb 1 1:26 istindia stresses peace along borderprime minister narendra modi will embark on an outcome-driven maiden visit to china before may 26, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said here on sunday.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, sushmaswaraj addressed an india-china media forum at the start of her maiden visit.
;;0.0;;sushma and wang discussed a possible date for the next round of border talks.
;;0.0;;sushma will also attend the russia, india, china foreign ministers meeting.
;;0.128;;the opposition party said that these tactics would not deter them from seeking resignation of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhra raje who are accused of helping the former ipl chief in procuring travel documents in london.
;;-0.802;;the response came after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in a press conference in new delhi said that nsa talks could only go on if pakistan kept it restricted to terrorism.
;;0.9371;;india, africa united by goals of progress: sushmanew delhi, oct 29, 2015, pti: 11:16 istindia and africa are united by their common goals of peace, progress and prosperity, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said as she sought cooperation and partnership between the two in the spirit of sabka saath, sabka vikas.
;;0.1531;;dh file photoexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday told the lok sabha that india has strongly protested pakistans recent move to declare gilgit-baltistan as its fifth province.
;;0.1779;;sushma recalled that parliament had unanimously resolved that the entire state of j&k belonged to india.
;;-0.6697;;any unilateral step by pakistan to alter the status of that part will have no basis in law and will be completely unacceptable, gopal baglay, spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs, had earlier stated.
;;0.6369;;efforts on to get captive indians released from iraq: sushmanew delhi, may 14, 2015, (ians) 22:09 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday met the families of indian workers held captive in iraq and assured them the government was making all sincere efforts to get them released.
;;0.0;;this was the seventh meeting of the external affairs minister with the families of the indian workers.
;;-0.5574;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told deputy chairman p j kurien that she has no problem with it and time should be extended if members want to speak.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, chief minister n chandrababu naidu directed chief secretary krishna rao and dgp j ramudu to be in touch with the family and asked state representative and union minister sujana choudhury in delhi to coordinate with the ministry of external affairs so that vishwakants family could be provided with credible information.
;;0.4404;;in new delhi, the ministry of external affairs confirmed late in the evening that the two indian nationals taken hostage along with others in sydney were safe.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted that new delhi was in constant touch with consulate general of india in sydney and the family of ankireddy vishwakant.
;;0.3612;;we also thank the indian consulate and the ministry of external affairs for their continuous monitoring and involvement in the situation, it said.
;;-0.7701;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had warned that jadhav's execution will be taken by india as a pre-meditated murder and pakistan should consider its consequences on bilateral relations, if it proceeds on this matter.
;;-0.8225;;the attempt was seen as a move to break the ice with the opposition, which stalled parliamentary proceedings for the third day in a row demanding the resignation of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and madhya pradesh and rajasthan chief ministers alleging their involvement in the lalit modi controversy and vyaspam scam.
;;0.0;;other names of leaders, who did not contest, include union ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj, rao inderjit singh and krishan pal.
;;0.0;;sushma may visit pak for af meetnew delhi, dec 3, 2015, dhns: 1:32 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj may travel to islamabad next week to attend a multilateral conclave on afghanistan.
;;0.0;;though the government has not yet officially announced swarajs visit to islamabad, sources said she herself might travel to the capital of the neighbouring country for a day or two to attend the heart of asia meet on afghanistan, instead of asking minister of state for external affairs v k singh to represent her and lead the delegation from india.
;;0.5927;;sources told deccan herald on wednesday that new delhi would factor in prime minister narendra modis brief but good discussions with his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif on the sidelines of the un climate change summit cop 21 in paris on monday to arrive at a decision on the external affairs ministers visit to islamabad.
;;0.0;;swaraj last month received an invitation from her counterpart and sharifs foreign affairs advisor sartaj aziz to attend the heart of asia meeting (annual conclave of istanbul ministerial process on afghanistan), which is being hosted by pakistan government in islamabad.
;;0.5267;;syrian deputy prime minister walid al moualem, during the talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, appreciated india for its support to the people of syria and its position in finding a solution to the civil war.
;;0.2263;;swaraj conveyed to moualem, who is also minister of foreign affairs, that india was sending medicines worth usd 1 million to syria soon.
;;0.3612;;moualem assured swaraj that he will use his sources in iraq to know whereabouts of the indians.
;;0.7184;;the syrian deputy prime minister appreciated india for its support to people of syria, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said.
;;0.6908;;responding to questions on why no party leader has so far issued any statement in the chief minister's support like in the case of foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is also facing allegations pertaining to lalit modi, the leader said, i know her (raje).
;;-0.2263;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has already spoken to the bhutan government which assured her of action against terror outfit.
;;0.34;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj already played host to her counterpart and new sri lankan foreign minister mangala samaraweera who visited new delhi just days after the new government took office in colombo.
;;0.0;;swaraj may also visit colombo ahead of the prime ministers proposed tour to sri lanka.
;;0.0;;the opposition has been insisting on the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for helping fugitive former ipl boss lalit modi.
;;-0.6486;;congress demands immediate sacking of swaraj, rajenew delhi, jun 17, 2015 (pti) 20:40 iststepping up its offensive on the lalit modi controversy, congress today demanded immediate sacking of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and questioned the conspiratorial silence of prime minister narendra modi.
;;-0.5106;;swaraj and raje are guilty of violation of various penal codes of ipc, surjewala claimed adding that the party would follow all options in the case.
;;0.0;;there is a clear-cut culpability on part of swaraj and raje under sections 107, 120-b, 166a, 172,173,177,217 of the indian penal code.
;;0.5267;;noting that swaraj by her humanitarian gesture has permitted a fugitive and money-launderer not only to travel from uk to portugal but has also facilitated his travel for holidays abroad and back to uk, he said she could not have done all this without collective responsibility of the cabinet.
;;0.1326;;to a question on congress general secretary digvijay singh's allegations against swaraj, he said the bjp was not taking him seriously.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took up the issue with the chinese leadership.
;;0.25;;announcement of the comprehensive bilateral dialogue (cbd) during the visit of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to pakistan in december 2015 was a one of the biggest achievements of past three years, he said.
;;-0.2023;;new delhi, aug 3, 2015, pti: 12:08 istbreaking her silence, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said she had not made any request to the british government for issue of travel documents to controversial former ipl chief lalit modi and asserted that all allegations against her were baseless and unfounded.
;;-0.3071;;swaraj managed to speak a few sentences in the rajya sabha amid slogan-shouting by congress members seeking fixing of accountability in the lalitgate and vyapam scam but could not complete her statement, as deputy chairman p j kurien adjourned the house till 1200 hours amidst the din.
;;-0.2263;;seizing on kurien's statement that prime minister cannot respond unless a discussion as demanded by anand sharma (cong) under rule 267 by suspending the business is initiated, leader of the house arun jaitley said swaraj would make a statement to initiate the debate in the absence of unwillingness of the congress leader to initiate it.
;;-0.2263;;she wanted to say more but kurien adjourned the house amid vociferous protests from the congress members, who moved into the well the moment swaraj rose to speak.
;;0.0;;this moment was seized upon by jaitley who said if sharma was unwilling to initiate a discussion, swaraj will make a statement to start the discussion.
;;-0.5859;;congress members trooped into the well of the house shouting slogans seeking resignations of swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in connection with the lalit modi controversy and madhya pradesh cm shivraj singh chouhan in the vyapam scam.
;;0.0;;minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to kumar in the afternoon on saturday and said that 325 indians were to be evacuated that day and 800 more were to board flights on sunday.
;;0.8979;;india and france are working to shape a strong development partnership, including in the fields of science and technology, clean energy and infrastructure, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said as she met the country's top leadership and discussed issues of mutual interest from a strategic perspective.
;;0.1027;;swaraj, who arrived here from rome yesterday on the second leg of her four-nation tour, called on french president emmanuel macron and discussed follow up to the understandings reached during his visit to india in march this year.
;;0.0;;she also met her french counterpart jean-yves le drian and the two leaders held in-depth and constructive discussions on full range of bilateral relationship, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
;;0.4588;;swaraj also met philippe etienne, diplomatic advisor to macron, and exchanged views on bilateral, regional and global issues of mutual interest from a strategic perspective.
;;-0.7162;;immediately after, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made a statement, saying, we reject this argument that there is lack of adequate evidence.
;;-0.2561;;govt willing to walk extra mile: venkaiah naidunew delhi, aug 5, 2015, (pti): 13:56 istcalling external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj an asset, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu today said the government was willing to walk the extra mile to accomodate the opposition but could not accept its unreasonable demands.
;;0.5859;;dismissing congress's demand for resignations of swaraj and rajasthan and madhya pradesh chief ministers vasundhara raja and shivraj singh chauhan over lalit modi and vyapam related issues, naidu said that while swaraj is an asset, the others are outstanding performers.
;;0.765;;sushma swaraj is a great asset to the nation.
;;-0.0857;;he also noted that swaraj was willing to answer all questions but congress did not want a discussion.
;;0.4019;;leader of the opposition in the lok sabha,party senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj, speaking to reporters after a 12-member pro-yeddyurappa group of mps form karnataka met her on monday, said: i told the mps that only that party forum which asked yeddyurappa to step down can now decide on whether he should be reinstated.
;;-0.5994;;at a time when the bjp and the centre are strongly defending external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, both accused of helping disgraced former ipl chief lalit modi, singh said: helping a bhagoda (fugitive) is wrong, no matter who helped him.
;;-0.3182;;the congress mps also demanded the resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chief minister of bjp-ruled rajasthan, vasundhara raje, for reportedly helping tainted former indian premier league commissioner lalit modi get travel documents in the united kingdom while the enforcement directorate back in india was probing violation of the foreign exchange management act by him.
;;-0.6908;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has been in touch with the family and her australian counterparts with regard to the murder probe, he added.
;;0.3182;;we need to have an interim solution based on humanitarian grounds and not technicalities, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told the rajya sabha on monday.
;;-0.3612;;upset with the move, the government appears to be hardening its stand on backing external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje over the lalitgate issue.
;;0.0;;in a tweet, senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj wished sonia a speedy recovery.
;;0.0;;both inside and outside parliament, finance minister arun jaitley and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj have maintained that the only option is to proceed with the extradition of lalit modi, congress spokesperson randeep singh surjewala told the media on friday.
;;0.0;;the modi government has taken this stance with the full knowledge that the extradition process is lengthy enough to take 8-10 years, by which public memory will move away from the modigate affair, he added.
;;0.0;;during the interaction where external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and home minister rajnath singh were also present, the family members requested for declassification of the files available with the government of india.
;;0.5719;;maken said that at a time when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was visiting china, which lays claim to arunachal pradesh, was it proper for the bharatiya janata party to come out with a vision document terming the northeast people immigrants.
;;-0.5859;;bjp leader and minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju, who is from arunachal pradesh, when cornered by journalists, said the word was a typo and clerical error.
;;-0.5267;;complaint filed against swaraj, raje, lalit modipatna, july 4, 2015, (pti) 18:42 ista complaint has been filed against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhre raje and former ipl commissioner lalit modi in a district court here.
;;0.0258;;he prayed to the court to direct kadam kuan police station in the capital to register a case against swaraj, raje and lalit modi and probe the matter.
;;0.296;;chidambaram asks pm to release letters to uk chancellorchennai, june 18, 2015, dhns: 1:21 istcharging the centre on its silence on external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj helping former ipl chairman lalit modi, former union finance minister p chidambaram on wednesday asked the prime minister modi to release the letters exchanged between him and u k chancellor of exchequer george osborne.
;;0.2732;;claiming that the conduct of sushmaswaraj swaraj raises a number of important questions, chidambaram said it involved the credibility and reputation of a minister of the government.
;;-0.5719;;the congress mps faced action after they did now allow the house to function demanding the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan cm vasundhara raje for allegedly helping lalit modi and madhya pradesh chief minisiter shivraj singh chouhan over vyapam scam.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said that her tweets in the past four years had ripped her ministry of the aura of elitism and took it to common people.
;;0.0;;the mea (ministry of external affairs) was only an elite ministry and it had nothing to do with the common people.
;;0.0;;she was countering the allegation by the opposition congress that the office of the external affairs minister had been left with just an account on twitter during the past four years of the bjp-led government's rule as foreign relations had been controlled mostly by prime minister's office (pmo).
;;-0.5719;;helping people in distress and redressing their grievances have been the first priority as the external affairs minister, she said addressing a news conference on completion of four years in office by the modi government.
;;0.1531;;she was dismissing the suggestion by the congress that it was the pmo that ran the external engagements of the country in the past four years.
;;0.0;;sushma has been extensively using twitter to help people who have landed in trouble while travelling abroad.
;;-0.296;;she was, however, criticised by the opposition for not doing as much as an external affairs minister should do in steering the external engagements of new delhi.
;;0.4019;;cong doing 'cheap politics' by releasing of pix of pm-lalit modi: bjpnew delhi, jun 15, 2015 (pti) 20:57 istbjp today hit back at congress for releasing pictures of narendra modi with lalit modi and alleged that it showed political bankruptcy and cheap politics of the opposition party in a bid to embroil the pm in the row involving external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.3818;;defending swaraj, bjp instead accused congress of attempting to make a mountain out of a molehill and raking up non-issues and instead questioned rahul gandhi as to where he had gone on a sabbatical and on whose visa.
;;-0.4019;;continued vociferous protests by congress members deterred external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to make a statement on tamil fishermen issue raised by jd-u's k c tyagi.
;;-0.5994;;cong rejects sushma's 'tear jerker' defencenew delhi, aug 07, 2015, dhns: 1:22 istthe congress on thursday rejected as a tear jerker external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs defence over allegations of helping former ipl chairman lalit modi get travel documents in britain.
;;0.2773;;sushma swaraj cannot hide behind an emotional shield.
;;-0.4767;;congress lok sabha member ranjeet ranjan said sushmaswaraj should have helped poor women, instead of the wife of a millionaire.
;;-0.25;;both houses of parliament have been virtually crippled since the monsoon session began on july 21, with the opposition demanding the resignation of sushmaswaraj swaraj as well as the rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;-0.7506;;last session of parliament had seen a virtual washout of the proceedings in the wake of the congress demand for the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in the lalit modi controversy and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chauhan in the vyapam scam.
;;0.0;;does he listen to pleas for action against corrupt ministers - if he did, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, gujarat cm anandiben patel, rajasthan cm smt.
;;0.3818;;speaking at an international conference in kathmandu, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced indias commitment of providing $1 billion for reconstruction of nepal.
;;0.0;;singh, who held meeting with senior ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley at his residence during the day, will hear out demands of jat leaders and khap chaudharys (jat sub-caste leaders) from western uttar pradesh (up) later in the evening.
;;0.0;;kathmandu, june 25, 2015, (ians) 10:58 istindia on thursday announced an aid of $1 billion for rebuilding nepal, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced at an international donors meet here.
;;0.2263;;swaraj hailed nepal's efforts in making a major bid to rebuild the nation and said raising $6.
;;-0.8176;;congress ramps up attack on govt, sushmanew delhi, june 17, 2015, dhns 23:21 istthe congress on tuesday punched holes in external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs claims that she helped indian premier league (ipl) ex-chief lalit modi on humanitarian grounds for cancer treatment of his wife.
;;0.1027;;congress leaders, meanwhile, admitted that they did not expect prime minister narendra modi to sack swaraj.
;;0.2924;;sharma said a thorough investigation in the affair was required as the issue was not restricted to just to travel documents.
;;0.4404;;how can the home minister say what sushmaji has done is a good thing?
;;0.4019;;the external affairs ministry has also set up a 24-hour control room to help its nationals with information and any other assistance.
;;0.3182;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted that indians in nepal may please contact our mission in kathmandu.
;;0.0;;apart from them, bjp patriarch l k advani, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, bjp national president amit shah and others were also seen on the stage.
;;0.0772;;commenting on the doklam issue during an annual press conference last month, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said india  has repeatedly said this about doklam and today i want to repeat again, status quo remains on the doklam face-off sitethere has not been any change in the position.
;;-0.4939;;the external affairs ministrys repetitive reiteration of no change in status quo at the 2017 military face-off site does not appear to be in sync with the current and developing tactical ground reality of chinese presence in doklam.
;;0.8442;;india trying to secure justice for jadhav: akbarmalda (wb), apr 14, 2017, press trust of india 15:07 istunion minister of state for external affairs mj akbar.
;;0.2023;;dh file photounion minister of state for external affairs mj akbar today said india was trying to secure justice for kulbhushan jadhav, who has been sentenced to death by a pakistani military court.
;;0.0;;akbar said the government's stand on the issue was clarified by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and home minister rajnath singh .
;;-0.296;;external affairs ministry spokesperson gopal baglay had said yesterday, india has no knowledge of kulbhushan jadhav's location and condition.
;;-0.3425;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj rejected trump's comment yesterday and said india signed the paris climate pact not because of pressure from any country or due to the lure of money.
;;-0.8176;;defending external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj over her links with lalit modi, meghwal said, sushmaji helped an indian woman who has been suffering from cancer.
;;-0.4215;;the congress, supported by some other opposition parties, has been demanding the resignations of sushmaswaraj swaraj and vasundhara raje over their association with lalit modi, while shivraj singh chouhan is embroiled in the vyapam recruitment scam controversy.
;;-0.6369;;congress has been demanding her imediate resignation along with that of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, saying they have no right to continue in office after helping the former ipc chairman facing money laundering and other charges.
;;0.1531;;two senior ministers arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj could not make it due to their prior engagements.
;;-0.4767;;adhir ranjan chowdhury banged his placard when discussion was underway on the delhi high court (amendment) bill, 2015, amid continuing slogan-shouting by congress members demanding resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.0;;prasad was merely reading out the statement by leaders of opposition in both houses of parliament, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitely.
;;0.6164;;he met jaitely, sushmaswaraj and some senior disgruntled party leaders to assert that gadkari was not guilty as was being projected in the media.
;;0.6705;;he first met sushmaswaraj swaraj and later jaitely early in the day to seek their support after gurumurthys report exonerated him.
;;-0.5574;;the issue was discussed between un secretary general ban ki-moon and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in the capital on monday.
;;0.0;;it was discussed between moon and swaraj as the un acutely felt the need, external affairs spokesperson syed akbaruddin said.
;;0.0;;leader of opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj, who initiated a discussion on the issue in the lok sabha, said the government should launch a helpline for students and deploy police at hostels and shopping malls.
;;-0.5267;;the congress also demanded the resignation of the rajasthan chief minister raje and external affairs minister swaraj for helping modi, tainted former ipl commissioner, an economic offender and a fugitive.
;;0.4588;;the congress' escalation of the attack came the morning after modi's explosive claims that raje had supported in writing his immigration plea in britain and that he has a family relationship with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj whose husband and daughter had provided legal services free of cost.
;;0.0;;i am very close to a lot of politicians, not only mrs swaraj.
;;0.0;;, modi said when asked about his relationship with sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4019;;the surfacing of the witness statement gave a new twist to the controversy surrounding external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's help to modi to seek british travel documents.
;;0.4019;;i did ask her(swaraj) help, modi said, adding that he would have made a similar plea to any other external affairs minister in office.
;;0.7003;;the witness statement came into circulation just hours after finance minister arun jaitley backed swaraj saying whatever she had done was in good faith and bona fide.
;;0.1531;;swaraj found herself at the centre of a political firestorm after the uk-based sunday times reported a leaked conversation between influential labour mp keith vaz and head of uk visas and immigration sarah rapson that cited swaraj to facilitate travel documents for lalit modi.
;;0.2263;;all 39 indian is hostages alive, says sushmanew delhi, may 15, 2015, dhns: 1:08 istindia was informed by eight different sources that 39 citizens of the country abducted in iraq 11 months ago were still alive, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on thursday.
;;-0.8316;;swaraj, who had a meeting with members of the families of the hostages, dismissed media reports claiming that the indians abducted by islamic state militants at mosul in northern iraq in june 2014 had been killed.
;;-0.1027;;the party, which is cornering the government on the lalit modi and vyapam controversies, is demanding the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.4019;;while general secretaries will get the responsibilities to head sub-committees for poll bound states, senior leaders such as swaraj and jaitley are expected to get positions keeping in mind their standing in the party.
;;-0.5267;;reacting to the incident, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, i am sorry to know about the attack on deep rai, a us national of indian-origin.
;;-0.5267;;he is out of danger and is recovering in a private hospital, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.0;;the ministry of foreign affairs of the pakistan government stated that the scheduled nsa-level talks cannot be held on the basis of the preconditions set by india.
;;-0.4588;;external affairs minister spokesperson vikas swarup reacted, pakistan's decision is unfortunate.
;;-0.6808;;earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj pointed out that when modi and pakistani prime minister m nawaz sharif had met at ufa in russia on july 10, they had assigned their nsas to meet and discuss all issues connected to terrorism.
;;0.0;;sharifs foreign affairs and nsa also said he would meet hurriyat conference and other kashmiri separatist leaders in new delhi before his meeting with doval, no matter how strongly new delhi disapproved of it.
;;-0.5859;;rs adjourned till noon following oppn-bjp spatnew delhi, jul 24, 2015, pti: 12:17 istheated exchanges between treasury benches and the congress today forced adjournment of the rajya sabha till noon as the opposition stuck to its demand for the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhra raje for allegedly supporting controversial ipl head lalit modi.
;;0.7003;;according to external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup, the talks between indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her chinese counterpart wang yi were focused on strengthening bilateral cooperation and coordination.
;;-0.7906;;while the opposition stuck to its demand for the resignation of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chief ministers of rajasthan and madhya pradesh, the government rejected it and countered in the lok sabha by raking up a facebook post of vadra and seeking action against him for demeaning mps.
;;0.0;;the move came within weeks after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj flew to islamabad to meet her counterpart sartaj aziz and sharif for resumption of the talks.
;;0.0;;the foreign secretaries have been tasked to work out modalities and schedule of the meetings under the new dialogue, sushmaswaraj informed parliament on december 14.
;;0.34;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj represented india at the trilateral that was also attended by her chinese and russian counterparts wang yi and sergey lavrov respectively.
;;0.6808;;at a joint press conference, sushmaswaraj thanked her chinese and russian counterparts for their support for the resolution.
;;0.0;;other names being mentioned were of union ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj, rao inderjit singh and krishan pal.
;;0.0;;according to the proforma filled up detailing swaraj, she wears saree, sandals and uses bindi.
;;0.3182;;lalit modi partying at foreign locales: huffington postnew delhi, june 14, 2015, (ians) 22:27 istwhile external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said she helped former ipl chief lalit modi on humanitarian grounds to attend to his wife who was undergoing treatment for cancer in lisbon last year, huffington post india said the travel document was issued till 2016, and modi was seen partying with celebrities like naomi campbell and paris hilton in foreign locales.
;;0.0;;huffington post india reproduced the email exchanges between sushmaswaraj swaraj, lalit modi, indian-origin british mp keith vaz, and the minister's family.
;;0.4019;;it quotes the emails to say that in 2013, swaraj kaushal asked lalit modi if he could help in his nephew's admission to sussex university.
;;0.0;;not many students becoz of the present exchange rate, swaraj kaushal wrote on august 26, 2013.
;;0.4019;;three days later, lalit modi wrote to keith vaz to say: mrs sushmaswaraj swaraj called to see if we can do anything to help her nephew get into the law program at sussex.
;;-0.3182;;sushma swaraj on sunday admitted she had helped lalit modi procure documents to travel to portugal in july 2014 on humanitarian grounds for treatment of his cancer-afflicted wife, amid an escalating row that saw the opposition congress demand her resignation.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj, however, denied having sought any favour for her nephew jyotirmay kaushal with regard to his admission in a law course at sussex university.
;;-0.5994;;the congress has been disrupting proceedings demanding resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for facilitating travel documents for controversial ipl ex-chief lalit modi.
;;-0.2732;;targeting jaitley, who is one of the in-charges of bjp affairs in karnataka, he said he was not talking about the corruption charges faced by yeddyurappa.
;;0.6597;;this is going to be the third high-level engagement between new delhi and hanoi this year: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and president pranab mukherjee had visited vietnam in august and september, respectively.
;;0.0;;get info on man languishing in pak jail, hc tells meabengaluru, march 17, 2017, dhns: 1:20 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;the couple had given a representation to prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in 2015.
;;0.0;;the information was given to the parents by the ministry of external affairs (mea) through the mysuru police.
;;-0.3102;;gandhi will be addressing a meeting of the general body of the congress parliamentary party on monday morning before the start of the third week of the current session, which has so far been a stalled affair due to opposition parties' protests over the lalit modi controversy and vyapam scam.
;;-0.296;;this will be the first meeting of the cpp general body in the monsoon session, which has seen an aggresive congress seekingfrom day one the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;-0.3182;;last updated: 26 january, 2011jammu/srinagar, jan 26 (pti) 19:21 istreleased from custody after their high-pitched campaign for hoisting the national flag in srinagar's lal chowk was thwarted, bjp leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley accused the omar abdullah government of ''surrendering'' to separatists.
;;-0.5267;;seven bjp activists were arrested in srinagar for attempting to hoist the tricolour at lal chowk which had been turned into a fortress while party cadres in jammu attacked a car of national conference minister after a press conference by swaraj and jaitley.
;;0.0;;asked swaraj.
;;0.3612;;swaraj and jaitley were on a rath (chariot) leading party supporters, many of them, waving the national flag before they were arrested.
;;-0.1531;;new delhi, dec 20, 2015 (pti) 21:56 istbritish actor orlando bloom was today deported to the uk soon after his arrival here as his e-visa had been rejected following which external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj came to his help to get a visa.
;;0.4215;;following this, former samajwadi party leader amar singh spoke to swaraj seeking her intervention in the matter, they said.
;;-0.836;;in spite of knowing that lalit modi was a criminal, involved in black money transfer and who violated prevention of corruption act, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has supported him.
;;0.0;;calling december 15, when cbi conducted the raid at the office of his principal secretary rajendra kumar, a black day, kejriwal tore into modi and dared him to act against madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, his rajasthan counterpart vasundhara raje and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.5574;;after rajes resignation, hrd minister smriti irani should resign and then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.8658;;cong leader sought diplomatic passport for coal scam accused: swarajnew delhi, july 22, 2015, pti: 9:54 istin remarks which can create controversy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said a congress leader had pressed her to give diplomatic passport to coal scam accused santosh bagrodia.
;;0.0;;i will disclose name of the leader on the floor of the house, swaraj tweeted.
;;-0.6908;;it rejected the government offer of a statement by swaraj and a debate, saying she must resign first.
;;0.8442;;thus, the chinese government is unfurling two separate narratives of the bri  the domestic story highlighting internal gains and the external win-win story of great economic benefits to partner countries through more infrastructure, trade and investment.
;;0.3182;;unilateral initiativebeginning with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs meeting with foreign minister wang yi in beijing in february 2015, the chinese have been told that bri is their unilateral initiative, not involving prior consultation with india, and that our endorsement should not be expected.
;;0.1779;;during her china trip in january, indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had proposed that both sides should think out of the box for solutions to the border issue.
;;0.0;;yoga day celebrations at un to be broadcast at times squareunited nations, jun 9, 2015, (pti) 15:12 istthe celebrations commemorating the first international day of yoga here, to be presided over by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, will be broadcast at times square to a global audience.
;;0.34;;since sunday, modi has contributed to a political storm in india by dragging its external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chief minister of rajasthan vasundhara raje into his efforts to obtain travel papers from the british government and residence in this country respectively.
;;-0.5702;;soon after his rath, an isuzu bus (equipped with a sky lift and communication facilities, including television, computer and public address system), was flagged off at chapra on tuesday, two of the seniormost bjp leaders  sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitleyfell ill and could not join advani at the rally organised at the historic gandhi maidan in patna on tuesday night.
;;-0.7096;;sushma, too, suffered a similar problem and was advised rest after a gruelling trip from sitabdiara to patna.
;;0.5267;;in the following weeks, that estimate was revised downwards, but the five-day nuptials were no ordinary affair, considering the gold-plated invitation cards, the 50,000 guests and the samba dancers flown in from brazil to wow the crowds.
;;0.0;;he first shot into the limelight during the general elections in 1999 when he campaigned for senior bjp leader and now external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;the highest decrease has been shown by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who showed a decrease of rs3.
;;0.0;;swaraj embarks on visit to indonesianew delhi, april 21, 2015 (pti) 11:30 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today embarked on a five-day visit to indonesia to attend the 60th commemoration of the historical 1955 asian-african conference, which became the stepping stone for setting up the non-aligned movement during cold war-era.
;;-0.9081;;2 indian students killed in russian medical university firenew delhi: feb 16, 2016, pti 11:30 isttwo indian students were killed in a fire at a medical university in russia on sunday, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in tweets.
;;0.0;;expressing condolences, ms swaraj said the remains of the students will be brought to mumbai today.
;;0.0;;he said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was unwell and the government will issue a detailed statement on the issue next week.
;;0.0;;lalit modi, who is facing probe by enforcement directorate, is in news following revelations that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj helped him get a travel document in london.
;;0.25;;new delhi, dec 11, 2014, (pti) : 16:13 istthe issues of conversion and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's statement that gita should be declared as a national scripture today created uproar in lok sabha, forcing adjournment for an hour.
;;-0.7506;;the house was adjourned for lunch by speaker sumitra mahajan during zero hour, after congress member mohd bashir attacked swaraj saying her statement tantamounts to undermining the secular foundations of our democracy, leading to vociferous protests from the treasury benches which was countered by opposition members.
;;-0.6369;;mulapally ramachandran (cong) wanted the intervention of the external affairs ministry to get a keralite school teacher released from maldivian prison, saying he was being denied freedom of communication from jail which amounted to human rights violation.
;;0.0;;the laptop also contains details on how money was handled and election arrangements made during the bellary bye-poll contested by senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had last month said the government would make all efforts to persuade the trump administration against such a move.
;;-0.25;;addressing the un general assembly, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj referred to the perpetrators of 26/11 attacks who continue to roam freely in pakistan and pressed the world community to ensure that countries which provide finances, safe havens and arms to terrorists pay a heavy price.
;;0.0258;;sharing the challenges that india faces in its ties with pakistan, the external affairs minister said none of us can accept that terrorism is a legitimate instrument of statecraft.
;;0.1531;;mangaluru: dec 8, 2015, dhns: 2:30 istseek mea help to get kuwait drop their names from black listmembers of navachethana welfare association, kuwait, who were deported to india for conducting satyanarayana pooja in that country, have urged the external affairs ministry to get their names removed from the black list.
;;0.0;;later, a social activist there contacted the indian ministry of external affairs (mea).
;;0.0;;with the efforts of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, mp nalin kumar kateel and minister ananth kumar, we were deported, said kukyan.
;;0.0;;on november 29, association former secretary santhosh rai and president ashok salian spoke to swaraj and ananth kumar.
;;0.3612;;swaraj has promised to get the names removed from blacklist, so that we can return to kuwait and work again.
;;0.4404;;all 39 indians held hostage in iraq by isis alive: swarajnew delhi, sep 18, 2015 (pti) 19:13 istall the 39 indians held hostage in iraq by islamic state militants for more than a year are alive, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told the families of the victims today.
;;0.802;;swaraj had earlier personally spoken to her counterparts in the gulf cooperation council (gcc) as well as other friendly countries in the region for their assistance in the safe release of indians in captivity.
;;0.3612;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj received oli, who was accompanied by a 77-member delegation, at the airport, reflecting the importance india attaches to the visit.
;;0.296;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said since capt kalia's torture created exceptional circumstances, the government would change its affidavit in the supreme court and ask if there are appropriate legal provisions under which it can move the icj.
;;0.0;;this position, which was stated in an affidavit filed by the government on september 26, 2013, has now been reviewed, said ministry of external affairs (mea) spokesperson vikas swarup.
;;0.128;;responding to a question in the rajya sabha in july 2014, mos for external affairs gen (retd) v k singh said the possibility of seeking legal remedies in the case through international courts was not found feasible.
;;0.0;;us gives list of 271 'illegal' indians; india doesn't acceptnew delhi, mar 23, 2017, (pti) 20:52 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.3818;;we have said that it is only after we verify the details, can we issue an emergency certificate for their deportation, the external affairs minister said.
;;0.8067;;anand sharma (cong), while greeting swaraj on her recovery after having been unwell, said it is important that skilled professionals are not confused with illegal migrants.
;;0.25;;leader of opposition and bharatiya janata party mp sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke from her seat and stressed that a debate on foreign investment in multi-brand retail should be allowed as the government had violated its earlier assurance of consulting parties over the issue.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and australian foreign minister julie bishop will also touch upon the administrative arrangement when they meet in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.34;;when a reporter pointed out that the upa 2 did not represent india at the global level, the former external affairs minister asked him: then how india got a membership (as a non-permanent member of the security council) in the un?
;;0.4404;;he also said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has not been able to effectively manage her portfolio.
;;-0.4939;;an indian air force (iaf) aircraft flying external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to south africa went incommunicado for 14 minutes, triggering a major scare after mauritius air traffic control (atc) could not establish contact with the plane.
;;0.0;;sushma had left the country to attend brics and india-brazil-south africa (ibsa) ministerial meetings in south africa.
;;0.0;;sushma had left thiruvananthapuram on the ifc-31 plane at 2:08 pm for mauritius.
;;-0.0;;in the lalitgate episode that sucked in external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, singh had said no one should help an absconder like lalit modi.
;;0.2283;;new delhi, july 26, 2015, dhns: 0:34 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday claimed that she had never requested or recommended to the british government for grant of a travel document to former ipl chief lalit modi.
;;-0.3089;;i have said this time and again that i never requested or recommended travel documents for lalit modi, swaraj posted on twitter on saturday, even as the opposition congress stated that it would not allow parliament to function even next week unless she stepped down as the external affairs minister.
;;0.0;;swaraj has been at the centre of a controversy ever since she was accused of helping lalit modi get a uk travel document.
;;0.2732;;congress members are not allowing a debate, external affairs minister tweeted, referring to the opposition partys refusal to relent even after the government agreed to have a discussion on the issue in both the houses.
;;0.4939;;the opposition parties accused her of misusing the office of the external affairs minister to help lalit modi get after his passport was revoked by indian government for not complying with the summons issued by the enforcement directorate.
;;0.0;;given his experience on west asia and vast network of contacts in the region, former minister of state for external affairs e ahamed, is understood to be the first choice of the government for the job, although he is at present recuperating after a cataract surgery in kerala.
;;0.0;;sources told deccan herald that prime minister narendra modi had advised externalaffairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to consider sending a politician to iraq.
;;0.2732;;asked about the outcomes of bilateral meetings with the leaders of 101 countries, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the foreign direct investment increased by 39 per cent between april 2013 and february 2014.
;;0.0;;while the prime minister undertook 18 visits, swaraj travelled to 21 countries and her deputy gen v k singh (rtd) went to 17 nations.
;;0.0;;swaraj confirmed that modi would be the first indian prime minister to travel to israel, but that won't change india's policies towards palestine.
;;-0.2144;;pm's foreign visits will rebuild ties: sushmanew delhi, dec 4, 2014, ians: 22:19 istthe opposition has been criticising prime minister narendra modi for his overseas visits but external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj thursday said the trips will rebuild india's ties with the world.
;;0.6808;;in the past six months, we have moved with speed and resolve, rarely seen in indian external engagement, to rebuild our partnerships across the world.
;;0.0;;the global response has been just as unparalleled, sushmaswaraj swaraj said in the rajya sabha.
;;0.4404;;although fiji is an influential country in the pacific region and 37 percent of its population is of indian origin, his visit to fiji was the first by an indian prime minister in 33 years, sushmaswaraj swaraj added.
;;0.6808;;bharatiya janata party leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and l k advani and congress bigwigs like home minister p chidambaram, defence minister a k antony, external affairs minister s m krishna and parliamentary affairs minister pawan bansal were among the leaders present for the lunch.
;;0.4019;;the luncheon was also an occasion for the scions of the gandhi and bhutto families to interact as congress general secretary rahul gandhi was seen bonding with zardaris son and pakistan peoples party chairman bilawal bhutto over the 50-minutes affair.
;;0.7845;;in a tweet soon after the event, bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj revealed that singh had requested zardari to pray for peace between india and pakistan at the shrine of khwaja moinuddin chisti in ajmer, to which zardari readily agreed.
;;0.0;;the message was conveyed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to her north korean counterpart ri su yong in new delhi on monday.
;;0.34;;sushma played host to yong, who is the first north korean foreign minister to visit new delhi, and also received an invitation from him to visit pyongyang.
;;0.0;;he also called on vice president m hamid ansari before holding a meeting with sushma.
;;0.8225;;according to a press release issued by the ministry of external affairs, swaraj and ri met in a frank and friendly atmosphere where issues of mutual interest including indias security concerns came up for discussion.
;;0.6808;;external affairs minister also conveyed to her counterpart from pyongyang the significance of peace and stability in the korean peninsula for the act east policy of india.
;;0.0;;v.k. singh to look after issues of indians in gulfnew delhi, jan 15, 2016, (ians) 13:41 istminister of state for external affairs v.k. singh will from now onwards look after all issues related to indians in the gulf, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj stated on thursday.
;;0.0258;;all matters relating to indian nationals in gulf countries will now be looked after by my colleague @gen_vksingh, sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted.
;;-0.25;;following this, when an indian national from saudi arabia tweeted that he was stuck after working for 24 months in a human resource company in riyadh, sushmaswaraj swaraj advised him to give the name and address of his recruitment agent (ra) to v.k. singh.
;;0.0;;ra must secure your return or face arrest, the external affairs minister tweeted.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj's statement comes after the ministry of overseas indian affairs (moia) that used to look after issues of indians overseas was merged with the ministry of external affairs earlier this month.
;;0.2023;;as minister for external affairs and overseas indian affairs, i realised that substantial work of moia is done through our missions abroad, sushmaswaraj swaraj stated on january 7.
;;0.4767;;therefore, i proposed to honourable prime minister that moia should be merged with the ministry of external affairs, she added.
;;0.0;;so the moia will now be part of the ministry of external affairs, the minister announced.
;;0.4588;;the moia, dedicated to the multitude of indian nationals settled abroad, was established in may 2004 as the ministry of non-resident indians' affairs.
;;0.0;;later, it was renamed the ministry of overseas indian affairs in september 2004.
;;0.1027;;this year, the pravassi bharatiya divas, that used to be the flagship event of the erstwhile moia, was organised by the ministry of external affairs on january 9.
;;0.4404;;she thanked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj while narrating her travails to reporters at the airport.
;;0.0;;if the external affairs minister had not intervened, i couldn't have dreamt of joining my family in india, kaur said.
;;0.6369;;the indian embassy in saudi arabia assured all help to the family after kulwant made an appeal to swaraj on twitter.
;;0.0;;bjp president amit shah, home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley, transport minister nitin gadkari, urban development minister venkaiah naidu, chemicals and fertilisers minister ananth kumar and health minister j.p. nadda attended the meeting.
;;-0.4215;;cong protests outside swaraj's residence; demands resignationnew delhi, june 15, 2015, (pti) 15:03 istscores of congress workers today protested outside residence of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj demanding her resignation for extending help to scam-tainted former ipl commissioner lalit modi in procuring travel documents in the uk.
;;-0.2263;;shouting slogans and holding placards, the congress workers demanded action against swaraj and said she must quit or prime minister narendra modi should sack her immediately from the union cabinet.
;;-0.2263;;the protesters also burnt effigies of swaraj.
;;-0.128;;congress has been attacking swaraj since yesterday after reports surfaced that she had written to british lawmaker keith vaz to allegedly recommend travel documents for lalit modi for visiting portugal.
;;-0.6124;;earlier in the day, congress sharpened attack on swaraj alleging there was quid pro quo involved in her assistance to modi and demanded that the former ipl commissioner be brought back and tried in india.
;;0.0;;there are circumstances which establish contact between sushmaswaraj swaraj and lalit modi.
;;-0.1027;;as a quid pro quo, sushmaswaraj swaraj has done favour to a tainted person who is accused of rs 700 crore money laundering, tax evasion and several other charges, said congress national spokesperson p l punia.
;;-0.34;;speaker warns unruly opposition mps of 'action'new delhi, july 22, 2015, dhns: 1:08 istopposition parties united after her threat in lok sabhalok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan on wednesday warned agitating mps from the congress and other opposition parties, who were demanding the sacking of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, with appropriate action.
;;0.7579;;the prime minister told british prime minister during his visit to london for commonwealth summit that it was not befitting for the uk courts to ask about the condition of the jails in india, as these were the same prisons where they had held our leaders like (mahatma) gandhi and (jawaharlal) nehru and other freedom fighters, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on monday.
;;0.4404;;congress protest against sushmaswaraj , raje tomorrowbengaluru, june 23, 2015, dhns: 1:12 istthe state congress, led by state congress chief g parameshwara, will stage a protest demonstration at freedom park on june 24 demanding action against union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundara raje for their involvement in helping former indian premier league commissioner lalit modi.
;;0.6908;;modi, an avid practitioner of yoga, also posted the link to a website dedicated to international yoga day, launched by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday, saying it provides all the details about the programmes to be conducted internationally on june 21 and later.
;;0.4019;;on the website, the ministry of external affairs (mea) has uploaded a 44-minute film showcasing how yoga is both an art and science for healthy living.
;;0.5574;;terming as difficult the last year that saw terror attacks with clear external linkages, he said the country has to continue efforts to resolve all outstanding international issues through peaceful dialogue and negotiations.
;;-0.765;;states having international borders were affected by terrorist attacks that had clear external linkages.
;;0.4215;;volatile external security environment makes it incumbent on us to upgrade our defence capabilities.
;;0.1531;;dignitaries participating in the inaugural session of the conference included vice president hamid ansari, prime minister narendra modi, home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and niti aayog vice chairman arvind panagariya, among others.
;;-0.3818;;in new delhi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj expressed shock over the incident and said two indian embassy officials have been rushed to kansas to render all possible assistance.
;;0.2263;;external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said kuchibhotla and madasani hailed from hyderabad and warangal, and were working at garmin in olathe (kansas).
;;0.0;;maumoon, daughter of former maldivian president maumoon abdul gayoom, met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to discuss bilateral issues.
;;-0.0258;;parliament logjam to continue until sushmaswaraj , shivraj, raje quit: congnew delhi, july 23, 2015, (pti): 20:46 istcongress today ruled out talks with the government for breaking the logjam in parliament, making it clear that it will continue till its demand for resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and bjp chief ministers of madhya pradesh and rajasthan is met.
;;-0.1779;;azad said he has regard for jaitley and he would attend any meeting convened by him the day the deadlock is resolved by taking action against swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and her madhya pradesh counterpart shivraj singh chauhan.
;;0.0;;addressing the first international day of yoga celebrations at the un, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, the entire world is one family, and we can unite it with yoga.
;;0.25;;in her address, swaraj thanked ban for providing immediate and unstinted support to india's proposal.
;;-0.4404;;he also condemned sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is one of the aspirants for prime ministers post, for breaking into a jig at rajghat.
;;-0.9698;;no resignations, no wrong done by sushmaswaraj , 2 cms: bjpnew delhi, july 22, 2015, pti: 12:33 ista combative bjp top brass today rallied behind union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and two state chief ministers who are under opposition attack over lalit modi row and vyapam scam, asserting that they have done no wrong and there will be no resignations.
;;-0.296;;the party put up a strong defence on a day when the congress-led opposition continued to stall parliament, demanding resignations of swaraj and madhya pradesh and rajasthan chief ministers shivraj singh chouhan and vasundhara raje over lalit modi row and vyapam scam.
;;0.128;;the over 45-minute meeting saw swaraj telling the parliamentarians that she offered no help to the former ipl boss, naqvi told reporters after the meeting.
;;0.0;;swaraj had earlier tweeted about it.
;;0.0;;its a normal transfer, said ministry of external affairs (mea) spokesman syed akbaruddin in new delhi.
;;0.0;;new delhis denial of the incident comes after a three-hour meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and his sri lankan counterpart mangala samaraweera.
;;-0.0129;;there is need to end this uncertainty, gowda is said to have told all the senior leaders whom he met during his less than 24-hour sojourn here during when he called on bjp national president nitin gadkari, party veteran l k advani and other leaders, including sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley.
;;-0.2732;;the government also faced flak from senior bjp leader yashwant sinha, a former external affairs minister, who questioned its strategy, saying it should explain to the country as to why they are resuming the dialogue when the ruling party has been maintaining that talks and terror cannot go on together.
;;0.3612;;the government on its part assured the opposition that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will make a statement on the issue later this week.
;;0.0;;swaraj will travel tomorrow for a multilateral conference in islamabad, where she will also hold talks with her pakistani counterpart sartaj aziz.
;;0.8834;;responding to him, minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi reaffirmed government's strong commitment to national interest and said, on the issue raised by you, i assure you that on december 10 the external affairs minister will come to the house and provide all information on the issues that you have raised.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj to visit pakistan for multilateral conferencenew delhi, dec 7 (pti) 11:29 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will travel to islamabad tomorrow on a two-day visit during which she will hold talks with her pakistani counterpart sartaj aziz and attend a multilateral conference on afghanistan.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to lead indian delegation for 'heart of asia' 5th ministerial meeting on afghanistan on december 9 in islamabad, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
;;0.0;;the external affairs minister will call on pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif and meet his adviser on foreign affairs aziz on the sidelines of the 'heart of asia' regional conference on afghanistan on wednesday.
;;0.0;;her visit comes three years after former external affairs minister s m krishna travelled to islamabad in 2012 when the countries also inked a visa liberalisation pact.
;;0.714;;that the talks was a non-starter was evident in the last two days in view of the acrimonious exchanges between the two sides but the last straw appeared to be external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's virtual ultimatum to pakistan to give a clear commitment by midnight that it would not go ahead with meeting the separatists.
;;-0.5242;;there will be no talks, swaraj declared when asked what would happen if pakistan did not accept the position outlined by her on separatists and kashmir though she maintained these were not pre-conditions.
;;0.128;;the foreign office statement said pakistan has carefully analyzed the contents of the press conference of swaraj.
;;0.0;;the women cabinet ministers are sushmaswaraj swaraj, uma bharti najma heptulla, maneka gandhi, harsimrat kaur badal and smriti zubin irani.
;;-0.1779;;earlier, five people were arrested in connection with attacks on african students in greater noida, which sparked concern over their safety and prompting intervention by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.5267;;swaraj spoke to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath after being approached by an african student who pleaded for action describing the situation as life threatening.
;;-0.6908;;new delhi, mar 28, 2017, pti: 10:01 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to the uttar pradesh chief minister today about the alleged attack on african students in noida after a foreign student pleaded with her for swift action, saying living in the area was becoming a life threatening issue.
;;-0.5106;;aap protests near sushmaswaraj swaraj's housenew delhi, june 20, 2015, ians: 11:48 istaround 150 members of the aam aadmi party's (aap) youth wing protested near external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's residence here demanding her resignation for helping former ipl chief lalit modi with travel documents, officials said.
;;-0.5267;;mea assuranceon her part, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj assured the african diplomats she was monitoring the probe personally and would ensure those who killed oliver are punished.
;;0.0;;minister of state for external affairs gen v k singh is expected to hold meetings with african students in metro cities.
;;-0.296;;india and africa can no longer be excluded from their rightful place of the permanent membership of the un security council, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;0.5574;;external affairs minister swaraj is at the centre of a major row for helping former ipl boss lalit modi secure travel documents in the uk, while hrd minister irani is facing the opposition's flak in the wake of a controversy over her educational qualifications.
;;0.4404;;the name of raje cropped up on tuesday in connection with the lalit modi affair over allegations that she testified in favour of the former ipl chief's british immigration application in 2011.
;;0.296;;the revelations about raje came in the aftermath of the controversy over external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj helping modi, who lives in london since 2010, with travel documents.
;;0.1027;;sushma has admitted she helped modi travel to portugal last july for treatment of his cancer-stricken wife on humanitarian grounds.
;;-0.91;;14 indians killed in haj stampede: sushmaswaraj swarajnew delhi, sep 25, 2015, pti: 15:23 istthe number of indian casualties has gone up to 14 in the haj stampede in saudi arabia that claimed 717 lives and left over 800 injured, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said.
;;0.0;;5-million coal project in queenslandindia sought an early end to the impasse over adani groups mining project at carmichael in queensland state of australia as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her australian counterpart julie bishop met in new delhi on tuesday.
;;-0.2732;;with swaraj and bishop holding the 10th bilateral foreign ministers framework dialogue, new delhi conveyed its concerns over resistance to adani groups coal mining project in queensland, noting that such impasse could send out a negative message to the indian investors looking for opportunities in australia.
;;0.8934;;with new delhi and canberra keen to boost bilateral economic ties with focus on trade and investment, swaraj and bishop on tuesday also agreed on the importance of finalising a mutually beneficial ceca (comprehensive economic cooperation agreement)the role of the india-australia ceos forum and make in india show to be held in australia later in the year also figured prominently in the discussion between swaraj and bishop.
;;0.5267;;swaraj and bishop agreed to strengthen cooperation to upgrade the indian school of mines in dhanbad, establish a sports university in india and exchange expertise for water management projects.
;;0.7184;;govt keen on good arab tiesnew delhi, nov 07, 2014, dhns: 1:43 istnew delhi on friday hosted top diplomats from arab countries even as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is set to leave for a three-day tour to abu dhabi early next week.
;;0.4215;;swaraj will have a meeting with united arab emirates foreign minister sheikh abdullah bin zayed al nahyan during her first official visit to abu dhabi from november 10 to 12.
;;0.4588;;the ministry of external affairs stated that swaraj and her uae counterpart would discuss bilateral, regional and other issues of mutual interest.
;;0.0;;swaraj, who also heads the ministry of overseas indian affairs, will also interact with the indian community in uae.
;;0.2023;;apart from meeting her counterpart in abu dhabi, swaraj is also likely to call on the top leadership of the uae.
;;0.2732;;it is the unnecessary creation of very imaginative minds who are being paid with a lot of money, minister of state for external affairs singh told reporters on the sidelines of the regional pravasi bharatiya divas here.
;;-0.5106;;attending the two-day event in place of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had to return mid-way from dubai in the wake of the paris terror attacks, singh alleged that debate over intolerance in india was politically motivated and purposefully generated before the bihar assembly elections.
;;-0.0772;;syed asif ali nizami and nazim ali nizami told journalists in new delhi that a pakistani security agency had detained them after a local newspaper wrongly reported that they were agents of an indian external espionage organisation.
;;0.0;;but it was only after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to her counterpart in pakistan government, sartaj aziz, and sought his intervention that islamabad conveyed that the two men had been traced.
;;-0.296;;pakistans ministry of foreign affairs conveyed to the high commission of india in islamabad on saturday that the missing clerics had been traced.
;;0.25;;the clerics, who met swaraj at the ministry of external affairs headquarters on monday, however, told journalists that the visas granted by pakistan government did not permit them to visit interior areas of sindh.
;;0.34;;the samajwadi party forced repeated adjournments in both houses over vermas remarks against yadav, who found support from several quarters, including opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj of the bjp.
;;0.5078;;swaraj not only demanded vermas resignation but also wanted the matter referred to the privileges committee.
;;0.4767;;verma had tarnished the image of the sp chief who is a respected leader of the house, swaraj remarked.
;;0.4588;;announcing the visit from june 25, the external affairs ministry today said the modi-trump discussions will provide a new direction for a deeper bilateral engagement.
;;0.0;;during her annual press conference last week, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said modi will raise the issue with trump.
;;-0.7783;;congress mps who have been wearing black bands and displaying posters since wednesday demanding resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and two cms  shivraj singh chouhan and vasundhara raje  for their alleged involvement in lalitgate and vyapam scam, did again for the second day, adding some more catchy lines.
;;0.5859;;oppn targets sushma's daughternew delhi, june 16, 2015, dhns 1:27 istbansuri was part of legal team helping lalit modithe opposition on monday raised questions over external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs daughter being part of a legal team that assisted former ipl chief lalit modi in a case challenging the upa governments decision to revoke his passport.
;;0.1779;;is it not a fact that there is a clear-cut case of conflict of interest made out vis-a-vis external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj?
;;0.0;;the sena, which had earlier pitched for sushmaswaraj as their choice of prime minister in the run up to 2014 lok sabha elections, felt that the whole controversy was to turn a non-issue into an issue.
;;0.296;;sena leader sanjay raut met sushmaswaraj to express his partys solidarity.
;;0.5106;;the way the external affairs ministry has performed under sushmaswaraj , it has become a strong pillar of the modi government.
;;0.5719;;urban development minister m venkaiah naidu said: the external affairs minister is doing a wonderful job.
;;0.0;;president of guyana donald r ramotar, south africa's international relations minister maite nkoana-mashabane, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and it and telecom minister ravi shankar prasad and gujarat chief minister anandiben patel were among those present at the event.
;;0.4939;;singh, who sought early retirement after the narendra modi government appointed s. jaishankar to replace her wednesday night, told ndtv news channel in an interview that she believed in team work and in strengthening the institutional framework of the external affairs ministry.
;;0.0;;singh said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj conveyed to her 2 p.
;;0.0;;sushma to inform parliament on india, pakistan talksnew delhi, dec 10, 2015, (ians): 11:18 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will brief parliament about india, pakistan dialogue on thursday, union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi said.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj will make a statement about the india-pakistan dialogue at the parliament today (thursday), naqvi told the media.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj was in pakistan on wednesday to attend the heart of asia conference.
;;-0.7906;;sushma denies all link to 'lalitgate' in rsnew delhi, aug 04, 2015, dhns: 0:20 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday broke her silence in the rajya sabha, firmly denying any link to lalitgate.
;;0.0;;kurien later ruled what swaraj's spoke was not an official statement, but only a response to the allegations levelled against her by congress leader anand sharma.
;;0.4404;;while swaraj was clearly in a mood to speak, congress members trooped to the well protesting against the narendra modi government, compelling kurien to adjourn the house.
;;0.0;;the moment was seized upon by jaitley, who said if sharma was unwilling to initiate a discussion, swaraj would make a statement on her own to start the discussion, providing the floor to the beleaguered minister.
;;0.0;;the offers were made at the bilateral meetings that prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had with the visiting african leaders, who are in the capital for the india-africa partnership forum.
;;0.0;;swaraj, too, discussed it with namibian deputy prime minister netumbo nandi-ndaitwah.
;;0.0;;the namibian minister informed swaraj that the african nation is setting up a national company with which commercial negotiations for uranium could be initiated, said sanjiv kohli, a joint secretary in the ministry of external affairs (mea), who looks after west africa.
;;0.0;;swaraj, too, met 12 of her counterparts.
;;0.0;;he was given a ceremonial send-off at rashtrapati bhavan by prime minister narendra modi, vice president hamid ansari, delhi lieutenant governor najeeb jung, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley and the three service chiefs.
;;-0.5023;;but the external affairs ministry had firmly shot down speculation that the issue could have an adverse impact on the tour of the scandinavian nation.
;;-0.2263;;the congress has been demanding external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's resignation for allegedly helping lalit modi.
;;-0.8316;;qayyum, who had deposed before the court as prosecution witness earlier, in fact turned hostile and refused to acknowledge ajmal kasab as his student on a day external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was in islamabad and joined her counterpart sartaj aziz to declare resumption of the stalled bilateral dialogue.
;;0.1955;;cong dismisses demand for apology from rahulnew delhi, jul 24, 2015 (pti) 20:57 istcongress today dismissed bjp's demand that rahul gandhi apologise for his remarks against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, saying he has done nothing wrong in accusing her of committing a criminal act.
;;-0.3818;;singhvi, who is also an eminent advocate, suggested that swaraj was guilty under a certain section in the prevention of corruption act which says that money necessarily should not change hands for committing such an offence.
;;0.128;;taking a dig at swaraj, he said that the courts will decide whether a humanitarian gesture to help lalit modi is done in hiding and keeping the foreign ministry in the dark.
;;-0.1154;;and because of these words, i am demanding that rahul gandhi should apologies to the country because it is not only defaming sushmaswaraj swaraj, but defaming the foreign minister of the country, who is the representative of india in the world, union minister nitin gadkari said.
;;-0.4019;;congress has been demanding that swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje step down for assisting controversial former ipl chief lalit modi with travel documents and an immigration application.
;;0.5267;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told journalists that several actions from pakistan since the meeting at ufa had made it amply clear that the neighbouring country had no interest in pursuing the roadmap.
;;-0.8591;;cong demands swaraj's resignation, also drags in pmnew delhi, jun 14, 2015, pti: 19:23 istcongress today demanded resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for her help to indian fugitive lalit modi in getting british travel documents and dragged prime minister narendra modi into the raging row, saying needle of suspicion rests at his door.
;;0.0;;swaraj should immediately step down, he said.
;;-0.0772;;union minister prakash javadekar said congress was latching onto an old and stale issue and bjp leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj had exposed it in parliament with their replies in monsoon session.
;;-0.6486;;lalu, swaraj in war of wordsnew delhi, augst 28, 2012, dhns: 1:48 istamid mud-slinging over corruption charges in coal blocks allocation, rjd supremo lalu prasad yadav on tuesday charged that the controversial reddy brothers had paid huge bribes.
;;0.4019;;reacting through her tweets, bjps senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj claimed that the congress also benefitted from the reddy brothers.
;;-0.5719;;swaraj triggered a controversy on monday as she charged that mota maal (massive kickbacks) went to the congress from the coal block allocation.
;;0.0;;swaraj hit back at yadav through her twitter handle: shri laloo yadav wants to know as to who got mota maal from reddy bros?
;;0.0;;swaraj dared the government to make all the reddy papers public.
;;-0.5719;;ramesh bidhuri raised the issue when congress members were protesting against the government, demanding sacking of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje over the lalit modi controversy.
;;-0.3818;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj expressed shock on twitter after the incident.
;;-0.296;;rahul gandhi said his partys campaign for the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan would be further intensified.
;;0.25;;the remarks came a day after pakistan prime minister's advisor on foreign affairs sartaj aziz announced that foreign secretaries of the two countries will meet next month to work out the details of the newly-announced comprehensive bilateral dialogue.
;;0.0;;the announcement was made during external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's visit to islamabad.
;;-0.4019;;he was replying to a question on the possibility of the monsoon session of parliament getting washed out over congress' demand for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje over alleged links with former ipl commissioner lalit modi.
;;0.0;;mahat called on modi, finance minister arun jaitley and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during his visit to new delhi.
;;0.0;;during her talks with president-elect of the un general assembly mogens lykketoft, who is here on a two-day visit, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj stressed on the need for un security council reforms on the occasion of 70th anniversary to reflect current geopolitical realities and increasing role of developing nations.
;;-0.7469;;it is important that there should be a collective effort to deal with this menace, swaraj conveyed to the un president-elect, while referring to the terror organisation islamic state of iraq rpt iraq and syria (isis).
;;0.3818;;it is also significant given that he will be playing a pivotal role as we discuss key issues during the 70th session of the un, the spokesperson in the external affairs ministry said.
;;0.1027;;swaraj also conveyed to him that india was already in the process of implementing 11 out of 17 sustainable development goals which also match with government's flagship programmes such as 'make in india' and 'beti bachao'.
;;0.1531;;modi's immigration status in the uk has provoked a storm in india after the uk-based newspaper disclosed that he rang up external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to help him acquire his british travel papers.
;;-0.128;;although she says she acted on humanitarian grounds, swaraj has faced calls for her resignation over an apparent conflict of interest.
;;0.4019;;vaz intervened with rapson again on july 31, citing the support of swaraj.
;;0.0;;since modi is likely to return to india around september 28, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is expected to represent the country at the general debate.
;;0.2263;;leader of the opposition in the lok sabha, sushmaswaraj swaraj, who visits bellary every year, had laid the foundation stone for various infrastructure projects worth rs 1,300 crore on august 20, last year.
;;-0.8521;;congress has been demanding resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and raje for helping lalit modi and that of hrd minister smriti irani for misrepresenting facts about her educational qualifications, and maharashtra minister pankaja munde for her alleged involvement in a scam by clearing purchases worth rs 206 crore on a single day without inviting tenders in violation of the norms.
;;0.4215;;modi has been embroiled in a row after it came to light that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had facilitated travel documents for him in london and that rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje had reportedly favoured modi's immigration plea in a london court.
;;-0.765;;this has sparked a huge political fire in the country with the opposition congress dragging prime minister narendra modi's name into the raging controversy and demanding the resignation of swaraj and raje.
;;-0.3089;;shahryar said the islamabad visit of indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj did not help in revival of the series, virtually hinting that the proposed series in sri lanka may not take place at all.
;;0.0;;seeking salmans returngeetas return will not be an one-off affair as the ministry of external affairs is now processing the case of one salman from aligarh, who is now stranded in pakistan, reports dhns from new delhi.
;;0.0;;he now wants to return to india, said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday.
;;0.4939;;bangkok, june 28, 2015 (ians) 19:02 istthe narendra modi government has elevated india's look east policy of the last two decades to act east, and resolved to move with a greater sense of priority and speed to implement the same, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on sunday.
;;0.5574;;jaitley, who attended the nsc meeting along with senior cabinet colleagues sushmaswaraj swaraj and manohar parrikar, said that all the assets at the base were safe.
;;0.4019;;facing opposition heat over help extended by raje and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to lalit modi regarding his travel documents in the uk, bjp latched on to his tweet and alleged links between him and the gandhi family.
;;0.2732;;yeddyurappa backed senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj's stand that she had no hand in making the reddys ministers in the party's first government in the state.
;;0.5719;;sushma swaraj had created a flutter in her party when she was quoted in a new delhi magazine as saying that she was opposed to three members from one family being made ministers.
;;0.6597;;she had said that senior party leaders arun jaitley and m. venkaiah naidu were looking after karnataka affairs when the party formed the ministry.
;;-0.0772;;one interesting part of the result was the defeat of vandana sharma, the sister of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, despite the evident modi effect.
;;0.0;;hua chunying, a spokesperson of the ministry of foreign affairs of the chinese government, defended the choppers' foray across the line of actual control or the de-facto border between india and china as regular border patrol by the military of the communist nation.
;;-0.4588;;external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, told journalists that chinese choppers' intrusion into the airspace of india was unacceptable for new delhi.
;;0.1027;;french foreign minister laurent fabius had met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and then defence minister arun jaitley in june and had pushed for early implementation of the rafale deal.
;;-0.2023;;the motion, moved by leader of the opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj against the 51 per cent fdi in multi-brand retail, was defeated with 258 members voting against the motion, while 229 supported it.
;;-0.8402;;govt rules out resignation of smriti, sushmanew delhi, june 25, 2015, dhns: 1:53 isttrouble mounts for bjp: cong threatens to disrupt parliament sessionthe government on wednesday ruled out the resignation of union ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj and smriti irani who are embroiled in controversies, even as congress threatened to disrupt the monsoon session of parliament if they are not removed from the cabinet.
;;0.4019;;the senior ministers remarks came a day after bjp mp and former home secretary r k singh added to the dissent inside bjp over swaraj and raje extending help to lalit modi, saying, any help to a fugitive is legally and morally wrong.
;;0.2732;;new delhi, aug 12, 2015, (pti) 12:45 istsigns of a thaw emerged in lok sabha with the government accepting opposition demand to discuss an adjournment motion on external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's alleged role in lalit modi controversy.
;;0.1625;;the external affairs minister's request prompted parliamentary affairs minister venkaiah naidu to tell the house that the government was ready to discuss the issue under an adjournment motion, a matter which was not acceptable to it so far.
;;0.1779;;as the opposition began their protests, swaraj requested the speaker to accept the notice of adjournment motion given by congress leader mallikarjun kharge that was related to her.
;;-0.8519;;gadkari snubs sushmalast updated: 28 may, 2011new delhi, may 28, (pti): 20:10 istwith her remarks on arun jaitley regarding reddy brothers threatening to snowball into a major row, bjp president nitin gadkari today stepped in to virtually snub sushmaswaraj swaraj saying any debate on the choice of ministers in karnataka in the media is ''totally unnecessary''.
;;0.2263;;gadkari came out with a statement this evening after former party president rajnath singh and chief minister b s yeddyurappa claimed responsibility for inducting the controversial reddy brothers, mining magnates, into the state cabinet, from which swaraj had distanced herself.
;;0.0;;swaraj, widely perceived to be close to the reddy brothers, had in an interview yesterday said it was jaitley, yeddyurappa, m venkaiah naidu and ananth kumar who had decided to induct janardhan and karunakar reddy into the cabinet.
;;-0.3597;;while swaraj and jaitley kept mum on the issue, gadkari came out with a sharp statement which said there is absolutely no question of any individual or individuals influencing this process in any particular manner.
;;-0.4215;;this is the second time that gadkari appeared to openly snub swaraj for her public statements.
;;-0.4404;;earlier, rajnath singh had denied there was any rift between swaraj and jaitley.
;;0.0;;reports of a rift between sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley are baseless.
;;0.4939;;bjp spokesperson ravi shankar prasad said swaraj had herself stated in the same interview that she and jaitley were in agreement on 95 to 99 per cent issues.
;;-0.2144;;bengalurean sends sushmaswaraj sos to help wife trapped in saudimarch 5, 2017, bengaluru, dhns 1:31 ista bengalurean, whose wife went to saudi arabia to work as a domestic help eight months ago but has been kept in illegal confinement since, has approached the minister of external affairs, sushmaswaraj swaraj, seeking help to bring her back to india.
;;0.0;;he has also contacted swaraj on her twitter handle and the meas e-mail id.
;;-0.4973;;didn't recommend travel documents to lalit modi: sushmanew delhi, july 25, 2015, (ians) 15:19 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday reiterated that she did not recommend travel documents to former ipl chief lalit modi.
;;0.7003;;the first meeting of the india-myanmar joint consultative committee in new delhi, co-chaired by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and myanmars foreign minister u wunna maung lwin, saw new delhi seeking to boost its defence ties with nay pyi taw to deal with emerging security challenges.
;;0.926;;swaraj conveyed to lwin new delhis commitment to help nay pyi taw build a professional and capable myanmar navy to safeguard and ensure its maritime security.
;;-0.296;;the setback comes at a time when two other top bjp leaders, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, are embroiled in a controversy surrounding disgraced former ipl commissioner lalit modi.
;;-0.4019;;dumped by sushmaswaraj , reddys rope in gadkarilast updated: 11 august, 2011bangalore, august 11, dhns: 0:09 istdisowned by mother sushmaswaraj swaraj, the reddy brothers of bellary have managed to get bjp national president nitin gadkari and his wife to participate in their annual varamahalakshmi pooja programme in bellary on friday.
;;-0.8074;;bjp senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had made it annual ritual to attend varamahalakshmi pooja organised by karunakara reddy and janardhana reddy - decided to keep off the leaders facing grave charges of illegal mining, this year.
;;-0.5994;;taking a tough stance on ties with pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said talks and terror cannot go together while articulating strategy of india which was based on three pillars in dealing with that country.
;;0.7184;;the opposition party has taken a strong stand against modis government refusal to sack external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje (over lalitgate) and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan (over vyapam scam).
;;0.6124;;sushma keen to make statement on lalit modi issue: naidunew delhi, july 20, 2015, (ians) 16:58 istparliamentary affairs minister m. venkaiah naidu on monday said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was keen to make a statement in parliament on the lalit modi controversy surrounding her.
;;0.6808;;sushma swaraj is keen to make a statement in respect of the allegations against her regarding lalit modi's travel documents, naidu told reporters here after an all-party meeting.
;;0.1027;;he also ruled out the resignations of sushmaswaraj swaraj as well as rajasthan and madhya pradesh chief ministers vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan, respectively, as demanded by the congress.
;;0.1027;;sushma swaraj has admitted that she helped modi procure documents to travel to portugal for the treatment of his cancer-stricken wife on humanitarian grounds.
;;0.0;;kerry leaves for indiawashington, jul 30 (pti) 10:18 istus secretary of state john kerry, heading a high-powered delegation, today left for india to co-chair the fifth annual india-us strategic dialogue with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi during his three-day official visit.
;;0.0;;kerry leads a high-powered us delegation including commerce secretary penny pritzker to co-chair the india-us strategic dialogue with swaraj in new delhi on july 31.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had informed parliament that prime minister narendra modi himself has spoken to various countries through which contacts can be established in yemen.
;;0.4019;;dmk mp kanimozhi has also sent a letter to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj seeking her help in this regard.
;;0.1531;;in her letter to swaraj, kanimozhi said the condition of the victim was deteriorating and sought help to bring her back to tamil nadu.
;;0.6486;;though party leaders arun jaitley, sushmaswaraj swaraj and nitin gadkari are capable of taking decisions, he has not been allowing them.
;;-0.7269;;new delhi, jun 19, 2015, (pti): 12:51 istbattling a major crisis over lalitgate revelations, bjp chief amit shah discussed with prime minister narendra modi damage-control measures amid mounting demands for removal of sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, who today cancelled her visit to punjab where she would have come face-to-face with shah.
;;-0.2263;;shah is understood to have discussed possible damage control measures in the wake of fresh disclosures indicating links of raje and external affairs minister swaraj with scam-tainted former ipl boss lalit modi.
;;0.5423;;while bjp's top leaders have come out in support of swaraj, they are yet to openly back raje.
;;-0.6369;;congress has been demanding her immediate resignation along with that of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, saying they have no right to continue in office after helping the former ipc chairman who is facing money laundering and other charges.
;;0.4019;;meanwhile, bjp veteran murli manohar joshi extended support to swaraj and visited her residence here.
;;0.1531;;swaraj continued her engagements today and called on tanzania president jakaya kikwete, who is currently in india on an official visit.
;;0.5574;;he told venugopal that his concerns will be conveyed to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj so that appropriate action is taken to protect interests of the tamils in sri lanka.
;;0.0;;bjd member bhartruhari mahtab asked what steps have been taken for the welfare of tamil population in sri lanka after the visit of swaraj there last year as the issue was taken up by her with sri lankan leadership.
;;-0.1027;;khurshid, the external affairs minister in the previous upa government of prime minister manmohan singh, said there had been no significant returns to the country from modi's visits abroad in over a year of national democratic alliance government.
;;-0.3544;;asked about performance of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, his successor in the ministry, khurshid said she hasn't had the freedom to function.
;;0.6369;;'inconceivable' that india, africa don't have permanent unsc seatsnew delhi, oct 25, 2015, (pti): 15:42 istpushing for united nations security council (unsc) reforms, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said it was inconceivable and incomprehensible that india and the african continent do not have a permanent representation in the elite club and that both need to work to remove this anomaly.
;;0.9153;;earlier, speaking at the inauguration of a rose garden dedicated to india-africa friendship in the national capital's diplomatic enclave, swaraj termed africa as a frontier of new opportunities, adding we are interested in africa's economic growth and its integration with global economy.
;;0.3612;;capacity building through programmes like indian technical and economic cooperation programme (itec) in which more than 25,000 scholarships have been provided since the 2nd india africa-forum summit remains a key element of that, swaraj noted.
;;0.0;;earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on the visiting president.
;;0.4019;;external affairs minister @sushmaswaraj calls on president erdogan, welcomes him before delegation level talks, baglay said.
;;-0.5574;;a 55-year-old indian woman, who was allegedly sold and tortured in saudi arabia, will return tomorrow, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;0.0;;sukhwant kaur is returning home on 31 may 2017 at 0415 hrs by flt g9406, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.4019;;he was reinducted into bjp recently despite stiff opposition by party senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.1779;;the probable exit of parrikar and poor health condition of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is indicative of new faces in the cabinet committee on security, which takes most of the strategic decisions of the government.
;;0.1027;;the ministers of defence, external affairs, finance and home, along with the prime ,minister form the ccs.
;;0.0258;;the speaker allowed the lalit modi row to be discussed under an adjournment motion after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj pleaded with her to go for such a course and parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu backed such a move.
;;0.0;;he met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in the morning friday before she left on a four-day visit to myanmar.
;;0.4588;;beijing, feb 1, 2015 (pti) 9:29 iston her maiden visit to china, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today proposed a six point template to broad base sino-india engagement with an action oriented approach to usher in asian century.
;;0.743;;addressing an india-china media forum at the start of her visit here, swaraj proposed the two countries should follow action oriented approach, broad base bilateral engagement, convergence of common, regional and global interests, develop new areas of cooperation, expand strategic communication, fullfill common aspirations to usher asian century.
;;0.4939;;he could not have made any reference to the row involving external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the chief ministers of madhya pradesh and rajasthan, whom he had praised in a recent poll rally in bihar.
;;0.2263;;meanwhile, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has received gifts worth rs 4.
;;0.2263;;between 2010-2013 as leader of opposition swaraj had received gifts worth nearly rs two lakh while the congress government was in power.
;;-0.0299;;sushma not keensenior party leader sushmaswaraj swaraj had publicly opposed the merger, stating that the move would allow tainted leaders like janardhana reddy, a close associate of sriramulu, to get a foothold in the party.
;;0.5574;;in an attempt to reach out to the bjp, prime minister manmohan singh has invited top leaders of the principal opposition party  l k advani, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley  for a dinner at his residence on thursday.
;;0.4767;;but our pre-condition is that the issue on which an assurance was given to the house be taken up first under the rule 184, said bjp heavyweight and of opposition in lok sabha sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.6249;;andhra pradesh's minister for nri affairs palle raghunath reddy said the state government was making efforts with the help of the indian government and libya to secure release of gopikrishna.
;;0.0258;;new delhi, june 14 , 2015, pti: 14:45 istopposition parties today slammed external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and demanded her resignation for helping scam-tainted former ipl commissioner lalit modi in procuring travel documents in the uk, a country which he has made his home to avoid legal processes in india.
;;0.1779;;rss, however, defended swaraj, saying whatever she might have done would have been guided by her humane nature and nationalistic spirit.
;;0.3612;;his comment came after reports surfaced that sushmaswaraj had written to british lawmaker keith vaz to allegedly recommend travel documents for lalit modi for visiting portugal.
;;0.0258;;jd(u) spokesman k c tyagi also said, i condemn the help given to him (lalit modi) by swaraj.
;;-0.34;;cpi leader d raja said the matter was serious because swaraj has admitted to helping lalit modi who is wanted in the country for economic offences and has been avoiding coming to the country.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendra modi owes an explanation to the country on impropriety committed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, he said.
;;-0.5719;;he said swaraj has no option but to resign and if she does not, then the prime minister should sack her.
;;0.4939;;on the other hand, rss leader indresh kumar said, sushmaswaraj is full of nationalism and humane nature and whatever she might have done, would be guided by nationalism and humane nature.
;;-0.5574;;new delhi, aug 3, 2015, (pti): 15:07 istcongress today objected to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's statement in the rajya sabha saying it was made without notice and urged chairman hamid ansari not to take it on record claiming it was illegal.
;;-0.2023;;in her statement during the zero hour, swaraj had made the statement saying she had not made any request to the british government for issue of travel documents to controversial former ipl chief lalit modi and asserted that all allegations against her were baseless and unfounded.
;;0.0258;;in its complaint to the chairman, congress members have taken strong exception to swaraj making the statement suo motu without any notice and sought his intervention to ensure that the illegal statement is not taken on record, sources said.
;;-0.3071;;swaraj managed to speak a few sentences in the rajya sabha amid slogan-shouting by congress members seeking fixing of accountability in the lalitgate and vyapam scam but could not complete her statement.
;;0.0258;;the un celebrated the unique cultural heritage of india on its premises in new york, with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj joining the secretary general ban ki-moon.
;;0.6124;;mukerji welcomed uniformed personnel from across the world and read out external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's message on the un's commemoration of international day of peacekeepers.
;;0.0;;busy times for india-us relations: sushmaswaraj swarajwashington, sep 22, 2015 (ians) 20:08 istbilateral relations between india and the us are going through busy times, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said here on tuesday at the opening of the first ministerial of the india-us strategic and commercial dialogue.
;;0.2732;;sushma swaraj is leading the indian delegation, which includes commerce and industry minister nirmala sitharaman, power, coal and new and renewable energy minister piyush goyal and senior officials from various ministries and departments.
;;-0.296;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had taken up the issue with pakistan prime minister's adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz and requested him to trace the missing clerics.
;;0.4404;;yesterday, swaraj had spoken to asif nizami and said they were safe.
;;-0.4588;;jaleel, who has shelved his plans to go to saudi, termed the decision by the ministry of external affairs (mea) unfortunate and said he was not aware of the reasons behind it.
;;0.0;;a union minister (minister of state for external affairs v k singh) is already in saudi arabia and is coordinating efforts to rehabilitate indians there.
;;0.0;;tharoor said in a tweet that unless external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj intervenes, jaleel should carry on with an ordinary passport.
;;-0.1027;;the party has been demanding the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje on the lalit modi issue.
;;-0.3612;;another 'humanitarian' decision lands sushmaswaraj in soupnew delhi, june 29, 2015, dhns: 0:57 istnew delhi in difficult situation over italian marine issueanother humanitarian decision taken by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the italian marines issue has put the government in a tight spot.
;;0.5574;;the external affairs ministry headed by sushmaswaraj swaraj had not opposed ailing latorres plea seeking supreme courts permission to take a break from the judicial process in india and go to italy.
;;0.2263;;if the court decides to give him this bail and they allow him to go to italy, we will not oppose that, swaraj had told journalists on september 8, 2014, the day she had her first formal interaction with mediapersons after taking over as external affairs minister almost two-and-a-half months back.
;;0.0;;sushma had posted on twitter that she had helped lalit modi on humanitarian view as he had to travel from uk to portugal for his wifes surgery.
;;0.128;;sources in new delhi told deccan herald on monday that the legal experts of the ministry of external affairs and other wings of the government were studying the issue.
;;-0.5719;;new delhi, feb 13, 2017 (pti) 15:26 istthe culprit responsible for the killing of a 26-year-old indian man in santa clara county of california last week has been arrested, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today and assured all assistance to the family of the deceased.
;;-0.3182;;pakistani friend's visa rejected, bride-to-be tweets sushmanew delhi, nov 2, 2016, pti: 22:29 istthe india-pakistan standoff has left a bride-to-be dejected as her best friend's visa application to new delhi has been 'rejected', prompting her to knock on external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's doors.
;;0.4215;;however, swaraj, who is popular for her prompt interventions in such cases, is yet to respond.
;;0.5574;;new delhi, june 17, 2015 (ians) 20:04 istthe external affairs ministry can approach the supreme court to revoke the passport of former ipl commissioner lalit modi, who has been termed a fugitive by the opposition congress, only after the enforcement directorate (ed) approaches it, said sources.
;;0.3182;;the ed, which has charged lalit modi with financial impropriety in the money-spinning indian premier league cricket tourney, has to approach the external affairs ministry which in turn has to present compelling reasons to the apex court to overturn the delhi high court's august 27, 2014, order to restore the passport to modi, sources told ians.
;;0.4588;;the news of lalit modi's passport has evoked much interest after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj helped him to procure documents to travel to portugal for medical treatment of his cancer-stricken wife in july last year.
;;-0.1027;;the congress has cried foul over sushmaswaraj swaraj helping lalit modi to travel from london to another country and not asking him to return to india to face the ed probe.
;;0.0;;he said the conduct of sushmaswaraj swaraj in facilitating travel papers for lalit modi raises several questions.
;;0.6705;;the chief minister said that he had personally taken up the issue with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who was taking keen interest in evacuating these youth from the strife-torn iraq.
;;-0.5267;;four relatives, including the wives of the two hyderabad- based professors - gopikrishna and ch balram - who are held captive by islamic state terror group since july 29, also met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and union urban development minister m venkaiah naidu.
;;0.0;;he also said that he will talk to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;the members include external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley, environment, forests and climate change minister prakash javadekar, agriculture minister radha mohan singh, urban development minister m. venkaiah naidu along with the cabinet and foreign secretaries among other officials.
;;0.2006;;the external affairs ministry has suggested to bihar chief minister nitish kumar to defer his visit to nepal and undertake it at a more opportune time.
;;-0.0258;;we'll raise the issue in parliament and seek a reply from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj as reason for suggesting nitish kumar not to go to janakpur in nepal to express solidarity with earthquake victims, tyagi said.
;;-0.1695;;congress is insisting that it would not allow parliament to function till action is taken against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and bjp chief ministers vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan for their alleged role in lalit modi and vyapam controversies.
;;-0.6908;;oppn continues ruckus forcing two adjournments of rsnew delhi, jul 31 , 2015, pti: 13:48 istthe stalemate in rajya sabha continued today with opposition congress remaining adamant on its demand for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and the government outrightly rejecting it.
;;-0.5106;;soon after the house assembled for the day and obituary references were made, congress members stood in the aisle and raised slogans seeking action against swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for allegedly helping controversial former ipl head lalit modi and chouhan for the vyapam scam, forcing deputy chairman p j kurien to adjourn the house till noon.
;;0.1531;;rejecting the demand, minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said the opposition members were disrupting the proceedings every day on the same issue even though the government has made it clear that it was ready for a discussion.
;;-0.4767;;when chairman hamid ansari tried to take up the question hour, unrelenting congress members kept shouting slogans demanding the resignation of swaraj, raje and chouhan.
;;-0.2023;;his comments assume significance as parliament is unable to function due to a deadlock over opposition demand for ouster of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over various controversies.
;;-0.6808;;the ministry was responding to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's comments in new delhi earlier that it has been conveyed to china that terrorism also concerns beijing and it should keep that in mind while voting at the unsc.
;;0.4215;;swaraj today raised the lakhvi issue with her chinese counterpart wang yi during her visit to nepal, saying it was at variance with progress in bilateral ties.
;;-0.7701;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj warned that jadhav's execution will be taken by india as a pre-meditated murder and pakistan should consider its consequences on bilateral relations, if it proceeds on this matter.
;;0.5106;;governors have the primary responsibility to ensure that the affairs of the states and union territories are conducted strictly in accordance with the letter and spirit of this hallowed document.
;;0.0516;;pledging the aid, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj asserted that india will strongly stand behind nepal seeking to wipe the tears of every nepali.
;;0.4019;;japan will help in rebuilding 7,000 quake-proof schools in collaboration with asian development bank, japanese state minister for foreign affairs minoru kiuchi said.
;;0.6705;;asked to comment on indias stand on palestinian cause, carmon reiterated external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs comments that india has a commitment to palestine cause and has good relations with israel.
;;0.296;;in the past few weeks, the congress has levelled allegations of impropriety against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for helping former ipl ex-chief lalit modi procure travel documents in the uk.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is on a five-day trip to south africa, attended the brics (brazil, russia, india, china and south africa) foreign ministers' meeting here yesterday.
;;0.3818;;he said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had already made the country's stand clear in this regard and that whatever he had said in parliament in this regard few days back remains unchanged.
;;-0.4588;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj responded by calling that response unfortunate.
;;-0.6124;;swaraj insisted that the incident couldnt be described as racist until the police investigation was complete.
;;-0.9186;;a year earlier, after the killing of kitanda, the congolese teacher in delhi, swaraj had also denied the racial aspect of the murder.
;;0.765;;bjp national president nitin gadkari along with sushmaswaraj swaraj, leader of the oppositionin the lok sabha, met party supremo l k advani on friday night to convince him about the need for the leadership change in the state.
;;0.1027;;jaishankar was addressing reporters after a high-level meeting called by home minister rajnath singh with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister manohar parrikar to review the situation on the border.
;;0.5994;;new dates for nsa-level talks likelynew delhi, dec 4, 2015, dhns: 0:42 istindia and pakistan may announce new dates for the talks between their prime ministers national security advisors, if external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj travels to islamabad to attend a conclave on afghanistan next week and has a brief and informal courtesy meeting with her counterpart, sartaj aziz, on the sideline.
;;0.0;;new delhi is likely to take a final call on the external affairs ministers visit to pakistan only after factoring in the response from islamabad.
;;0.0;;new delhi, dec 11, 2015, (pti): 10:51 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today will make a statement in parliament on the recent developments in india pakistan relations.
;;0.0;;responding to a notice of adjournment motion by saugata roy (trinamool congress) on the issue, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said swaraj will make a statement in the house and the government is also willing for a discussion.
;;-0.1531;;he said usually there is no discussion after a statement but the external affairs minister is willing for a debate on the issue.
;;0.4767;;india and pakistan yesterday agreed to start a comprehensive bilateral dialogue as swaraj confirmed that prime minister modi will visit islamabad next year to attend the saarc summit.
;;-0.6369;;congress has meanwhile demanded her imediate resignation along with that of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, saying they have no right to continue in office after helping the former ipc chairman facing money laundering and other charges.
;;0.8225;;bjp chief amit shah, besides home minister rajnath singh and finance minister arun jaitley have already come out in support of swaraj, saying she has only acted out of 'humanitarian' reasons to help modi with his travel documents to take care of his ailing wife.
;;-0.6486;;stepping up its offensive on 'lalitgate', congress demanded the immediate sacking of swaraj and raje and questioned the conspiratorial silence of prime minister narendra modi.
;;-0.5106;;swaraj and raje are guilty of violation of various penal codes of crpc, surjewala claimed adding that the party would follow all options in the case.
;;0.0;;there is a clear-cut culpability on part of swaraj and raje under sections 107, 120-b, 166a, 172,173,177,217 of the indian penal code.
;;0.2023;;the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs headed by home minister rajnath singh today recommended the dates to the president.
;;0.0;;finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, law minister ravi shankar prasad, chemicals and fertilisers minister anant kumar and parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu are members of the committee.
;;0.4019;;hrd minister smriti irani and ministers of state for parliamentary affairs prakash javadekar and santosh gangwar are special invitees to the committee.
;;0.5423;;sushma swaraj most followed foreign minister on twitternew delhi, dec 4, 2014, pti: 20:17 istwhile prime minister narendra modi remains the third most-followed world leader on twitter, sushmaswaraj swaraj had grabbed the top slot among all foreign ministers active on the micro-blogging platform.
;;-0.296;;ramadoss has been critical of bjp-led government even backing vaiko in the swamy-raja episode, and had yesterday opposed external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's push for making the bhagwad gita as a national scripture.
;;0.6369;;soon after rakesh was hospitalised, siddaramaiah had spoken to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, seeking her assistance in getting the best treatment for his son in belgium.
;;0.0;;sources said sushmaswaraj was in touch with the ambassador and received updates about rakeshs health condition.
;;0.3182;;the ministry of overseas indian affairs is primarily responsible to hold the annual conclave of the overseas indians.
;;0.6705;;sushma swaraj, who holds overseas indian and external affairs portfolios, however, left no stone unturned and deputed officials of her both ministries to make it a grand success this year.
;;0.0;;indian high commissioner to pakistan, t c a raghavan, and his wife had visited geeta in august after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj directed him to meet her and try to locate her family.
;;0.5423;;will allow house proceedings only if sushmaswaraj reveals money trail: rahulnew delhi: august 11, 2015, dhns 0:54 istcongress vice-president rahul gandhi on monday declared that parliament would function only after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj disclosed the monetary benefits her family received from former ipl boss lalit modi.
;;-0.296;;though modi and sharif will attend the shanghai cooperation organisations summit in the capital of kazakhstan on june 8 and 9, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday told journalists that no bilateral meeting between the two prime ministers had been scheduled so far.
;;0.34;;sushma was addressing a press conference to highlight the achievements of the modi government in managing the foreign relations of the country in the past three years since it had taken office in may 2014.
;;-0.5267;;and thirdly, talks and terror cannot go together, said the external affairs minister.
;;0.3612;;apart from a courtesy call on by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, hasina's schedule today included events at the bangladesh high commission.
;;0.4404;;we hope the visit will take the ties between the two countries to new level, joint secretary in the bangladesh-myanmar division of the external affairs ministry sripriya ranganathan told reporters.
;;-0.25;;addressing a press conference, he said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's action in helping the tainted former ipl boss get travel documents from the uk was in violation of rules and a case of favouritism shown to someone she knew.
;;0.4019;;chidambaram raised the question if swaraj wanted to help modi as a humanitarian gesture as was being claimed why did she not write to the indian high commission and ask for the issue of indian travel documents to him instead of recommending issue of uk travel documents.
;;-0.4767;;why did swaraj help him get a long term visa or a residency of britain when he was facing serious criminal charges in india, chidambaram said.
;;0.4767;;to a question about the defence by bjp of swaraj after rss came out in her support, he said, it shows who is the master.
;;0.0;;sushma to assuage 'annoyed' chinanew delhi, jan 27, 2015, dhns: 2:15 istwith us president barack obamas visit to india triggering adverse reactions from china, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will have to soothe ruffled feathers in the neighbouring country when she visits beijing in february.
;;0.0;;swaraj will visit beijing next week to attend the trilateral meet of foreign ministers of russia, india and china.
;;0.5859;;the official spokesperson of chinas ministry of foreign affairs, hua chunying, however, said the south china sea disputes should be settled among parties concerned through peaceful talks and consultations.
;;0.0258;;amid efforts to locate the parents of the girl in india following the assurance by union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, a couple in amritsar have come forward to claim that geeta is their lost daughter.
;;0.0;;in the congress' cross hairs were external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, human resource development (hrd) minister smriti irani, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and maharashtra minister pankaja munde.
;;0.2732;;the finance minister later had a meeting with bjp president amit shah and is believed to have deliberated upon the party's strategy to brazen out the massive row involving raje as well as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.5859;;the speaker 'named' (identifying for action) the 25 congress members who were carrying placards and shouting slogans in the well while pressing for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje over lalit modi row and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over vyapam scam.
;;-0.7964;;amid the bedlam, home minister rajnath singh said there is no fir, no court observation and no prima facie case against swaraj as well as the two chief ministers and hence there is no justification for them to resign.
;;-0.4257;;washington, jun 21, 2015 (pti) 18:04 istfinance minister arun jaitley chose to largely stay mum on lalit modi, saying he did not want to comment on the controversy raging back home, with the opposition mounting massive protests over external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's help to the tainted former ipl chief.
;;-0.4404;;the raje episode came as a further embarrassment to the bjp and its government after it emerged that swaraj helped modi obtain british travel documents.
;;-0.7964;;though swaraj has maintained she acted on humanitarian grounds by signing consent papers for surgery of his wife suffering from cancer, the issue kicked up a storm with the opposition seeking her resignation over impropriety and conflict of interest.
;;-0.4767;;defending foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, he said she had done only her duty and sought to know how cold some one be blamed for intervening on humanitarian grounds.
;;-0.1027;;new delhi: nov 10, 2015, dhns 1:04 istfeels islamabad may raise kashmir issuea cautious new delhi is yet to take a call on an invitation that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj received from pakistan government to attend a multilateral conclave on afghanistan in islamabad next month.
;;0.34;;sushma is understood to have received the invitation from sartaj aziz, foreign affairs and national security advisor to pakistan prime minister m nawaz sharif, to attend the heart of asia meeting of istanbul ministerial process on afghanistan scheduled to be held in islamabad on december 7 and 8.
;;0.0;;mos could attendnew delhi is yet to decide whether sushmaswaraj herself would travel to islamabad or minister of state for external affairs v k singh would attend the conference.
;;0.4215;;if sushmaswaraj holds a bilateral meeting with aziz on the sidelines of the heart of asia conference in islamabad, pakistan is likely to use the opportunity to raise the issue of kashmir and seek restart of dialogue.
;;0.7579;;a section within the government in new delhi, however, is understood to be of the view that a brief bilateral meeting between sushmaswaraj and aziz in islamabad may help end the impasse and help create a situation where india and pakistan could explore possibilities of restarting dialogue.
;;-0.4019;;new delhi, july 24, 2015, pti: 12:21 istit was a complete washout of lok sabha proceedings in the first week of the monsoon session, as the opposition remained unrelenting on its demand for the resignation of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chief ministers of rajasthan and madhya pradesh.
;;0.4588;;in the 1999 lok sabha elections, bellary became the centre of attraction for the first time in the country when sushmaswaraj swaraj and sonia gandhi contested the elections for the first time.
;;0.0;;he also referred to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's visit to pakistan on tuesday.
;;0.0;;minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi then said a statement would be made by the foreign minister on december 10.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj is travelling to islamabad for a conference on afghanistan.
;;-0.4215;;they were protesting over the lalit modi controversy involving external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and corruption issues.
