;;0.0;;i am asking indian high commissioner to take this up at the highest level with government of nigeria for their release, swaraj tweeted.
;;-0.1531;;(prem singh)five indian sailors have been abducted by pirates in nigeria and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has asked the indian high commissioner there to take up the matter at the highest levels of the nigerian government to ensure their release.
;;0.0;;i am asking indian high commissioner to take this up at the highest level with government of nigeria for their release, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.5719;;the host of the upcoming oic meeting is sheikh abdullah bin zayed al nahyan, minister of foreign affairs and international cooperation and it is in that capacity that india has been invited as the guest of honour.
;;0.0;;sheikh abdullah bin zayed al nahyan, minister of foreign affairs and international cooperation, will inaugurate the meeting on 1st march, 2019, in the presence of dr. yousef al-othaimeen, the oic secretary-general, with the participation of 56 member states and five observer states, the announcement in abu dhabi said.
;;0.7579;;the minister for external affairs, sushmaswaraj swaraj, has been invited by sheikh abdullah bin zayed al nahyan, foreign minister of the united arab emirates as the 'guest of honour to address the inaugural plenary of the 46th session of the council of foreign ministers of the organisation of islamic cooperation, which will be held in abu dhabi, a statement by the ministry of external affairs said.
;;0.25;;we see this invitation as a milestone in our comprehensive strategic partnership with the uae, the statement on behalf of swaraj added.
;;-0.1531;;the uae will next week correct this grave historic injustice to india 50 years ago and give another indian minister  sushmaswaraj swaraj  the pride of place as guest of honour at the oic foreign ministers meeting in abu dhabi.
;;-0.4019;;this government is led by prime minister shri narendra modi, home minister rajnath singh, finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, ravi shankar prasad and many others who fought the emergency for three freedoms - individual, media and independence of the judiciary, he said.
;;-0.5267;;the is threat was a key component of talks between asim and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj here today, officials said.
;;0.0;;all members of the varsitys governing body, including vice-chancellor gopa sabharwal and nobel laureate amartya sen, called on external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and union finance minister arun jaitley on monday to deliberate on the debut of the varsitys two courses  historical studies and ecology and environment studies  on september 1.
;;0.2263;;the ministry of external affairs summoned a senior diplomat from the us embassy to demand an explanation for the alleged snooping, and to seek an assurance that it will not happen again, senior government officials said.
;;0.0;;mccain, the senior-most us politician to visit india since the election of the new government, met foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, but pulled out of a scheduled meet with the press immediately after.
;;-0.25;;by the time mccain finished his meeting with sushmaswaraj , india had  at about 10am  summoned a us diplomat to register its protest.
;;0.6249;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shakes hands with chinese president xi jinping at a meeting at the great hall of the people in beijing.
;;-0.6808;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, during her address at the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) council of foreign ministers meeting also attended by pakistan foreign minister khawaja muhammad asif, raised the issue of global terrorism and protectionism.
;;0.0;;the statement issued by the external affairs ministry in reaction to the singapore meeting between us president donald trump and north korea's kim jong-un did not name pakistan while bringing up proliferation linkages of pyongyang extending to india's neighbourhood.
;;0.0;;during the visit of then us secretary of state rex tillerson to india in november, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told the americans that india's trade with north korea had come down to a minimal.
;;0.0;;the other members were external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley, law minister ravi shankar prasad and his junior in the ministry p.p.chaudhary.
;;0.0;;picture by ramakant kushwaha modi said foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj would make a statement in the lok sabha on monday.
;;0.0;;then, blurring the lines between pakistan's executive and judiciary, sushmaswaraj urged the government of pakistan to immediately take steps to reverse this decision.
;;0.5157;;19: the trinamul congress kept insisting through the day that there is nothing wrong in holding talks with the bjp but it would neither deny nor confirm categorically if mamata banerjee called sushmaswaraj swaraj on the weekend.
;;0.0;;another trinamul mp, who insisted on anonymity, said mamata had already spoken to sushma.
;;0.2023;;asked if there has been any headway after the talks with sushmaswaraj , the mp added: two of our senior mps have been entrusted by mamatadi to cordially talk to the bjps central leadership.
;;0.0;;murli manohar joshi has spilled the beans by making it public that mamata called up sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.2732;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was the lone cabinet minister present, carrying a bouquet of flowers --- a ritual she repeats after each of modis overseas trips.
;;0.6249;;22: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today offered myanmar's new government under aung san suu kyi's national league of democracy development assistance, parliamentary training, help in a national reconciliation process and a secure border.
;;-0.3182;;sushma met both president u. htin kyaw and foreign minister suu kyi - a constitution passed during the previous military junta's regime forbids her holding the president's office though she is widely recognised as the de facto leader.
;;0.6369;;sushma promised the fullest support to the new myanmar government in meeting its development goals, an official present at both the meetings today said.
;;0.6369;;sushma too promised, in her meeting with suu kyi today, india's full support to the conference and the reconciliation initiative.
;;0.0;;sushma also invited the myanmar president to visit india later this month, while suu kyi is expected to visit in october.
;;0.5859;;the tweet lauding the expertise of dr mukut minz was posted on december 16 by union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had a successful kidney transplant at aiims, delhi.
;;-0.7845;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday asked the uttar pradesh government for a report on the assault in the agra town that left the young couple with a fractured skull and a broken arm.
;;0.4939;;gyawali also referred to a recent visit by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, saying it was aimed at clearing mistrust and strengthening ties.
;;0.3182;;sushma swaraj sought to give farming advice to deepender hooda, the young congress mp who was congratulated by the prime minister later for his spirited speech.
;;0.5948;;hooda joined the laughter sushmaswaraj did not forget to settle scores with lalu prasad, who made a comment against a bjp member and later withdrew it on the ground it was unparliamentary, during her reply.
;;0.3765;;aapko gaanth kholna nahi aata, aur maskari ke alawa kuchh bolna nahi aata (you cannot resolve any problem and cannot speak anything other than poking fun), sushmaswaraj said as lalu looked on with the hint of a smile, sushmaswaraj added: tareekh ki nazron ne voh daur bhi dekha hai.
;;0.0;;he requested sushmaswaraj to withdraw the statement.
;;0.5106;;31: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will halt in male on november 3 for a few hours of hectic diplomatic messaging to the maldives government after the tiny island last month agreed to join a key strategic project parented by chinese president xi jinping.
;;0.296;;sushma will make the stopover on her way back from mauritius, where she will join ceremonies marking the 180th anniversary of the landing of indian indentured labourers.
;;0.0;;sushma will meet foreign minister dunya maumoon, daughter of long-time ruler maumoon abdul gayoom and the niece of current maldives president abdulla yameen.
;;0.0;;the subtle message  that indias neighbours could pick strategic options other than china  will likely be repeated to the maldives leadership in the few hours sushmaswaraj spends there, officials hinted.
;;0.128;;during the whole episode, swaraj tweeted vigorously and gave a minute-by-minute account of the treatment that was being meted out to her and to her partymen by the omar abdullah government.
;;0.5106;;our special correspondentforeign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj greets her iran counterpart javad zarif in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;picture by prem singhnew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said india would stick to its time-tested policy of acknowledging only un-driven sanctions, responding to questions on how new delhi intended to deal with washington's sanctions on iran.
;;0.0;;sushma was responding to questions at her annual media conference on how india proposed to deal with the sanctions that are a consequence of the us pullout.
;;0.2732;;later, the external affairs ministry, in a statement on the meeting between the two foreign ministers, said they discussed bilateral cooperation in the areas of connectivity, energy, trade and promotion of people-to-people contact.
;;0.0;;zarif briefed sushmaswaraj about the discussions iran has undertaken with the other jcpoa signatories following the us pullout.
;;-0.2732;;as for india's policy vis--vis north korea, considering the us has called off a scheduled meeting with pyongyang in singapore next month, sushmaswaraj pointed out that even when washington was pressing all countries to cut diplomatic ties with the north korean regime, india had insisted on keeping its embassy there open.
;;-0.5106;;sushma, however, rejected outright the suggestion that india was considering the role of a mediator in the korean peninsula.
;;-0.1531;;in any case, the meeting is unlikely to be held if lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj, a member of the selection panel, boycotts it, a top judicial officer said.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is likely to make her first foreign visit to bangladesh.
;;0.0;;sushma may be in the bangladesh capital on june 26.
;;0.0;;the prime ministers inbox on foreign policy is full, external affairs ministry spokesperson syed akbaruddin said here today.
;;-0.4019;;the prime minister today for the first time chaired a crisis management meeting with foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh, national security adviser ajit doval, research and analysis wing chief alok joshi, foreign secretary sujatha singh and the secretary (east) in the foreign ministry, anil wadhwa.
;;0.5346;;previously i had said it had been a matter of high priority for the ministry of external affairs, but today i would like to say that this is a matter of high priority for the entire government of india, akbaruddin said.
;;0.0;;we will also send memorandums to the prime minister, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chief minister hemant soren.
;;0.0;;external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said exchange of high-level visits was part of all strategic relationships.
;;0.5719;;about the uaes decision, the external affairs ministry said: this singular honour is in recognition of the efforts of the government under the prime ministers leadership to develop the strategic partnership between india and the uae.
;;0.9165;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted: on behalf of the people of india, i express our deep sense of gratitude to his highness the president, his highness the crown prince of uae for this great honour.
;;-0.2263;;passport centre pleabhubaneswar: chief minister naveen patnaik on thursday called on union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi and demanded opening of three more passport seva kendras in the second phase in balasore, berhampur and bhawanipatna.
;;0.0;;the modi delegation is led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;sushma and mamata flew in on the same flight from dubai to rome.
;;0.2263;;although there was a courtesy meeting between them in dubai, indian diplomats have been struggling to get mamata to join sushmaswaraj in the front row for tomorrow's big event.
;;0.0;;ibobi plea imphal: manipur chief minister okram ibobi singh has urged union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to expedite the release of six manipuris lodged in prisons in myanmar.
;;0.0;;(pti) senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj resurfaced on the national political scenario and lauded the leadership qualities of narendra modi on monday, four days after her fate was sealed in evms at the vidisha parliamentary constituency on april 24.
;;0.0;;coming out to campaign for the bihar bjp leaders after remaining busy in electioneering in her own constituency in madhya pradesh, sushmaswaraj addressed three election rallies in the state at madhubani, and ekma and amnour in saran district.
;;0.5574;;showering praise on hukumdeo, swaraj described him as her sankat mochak (one who pulls out of problem).
;;0.4939;;the agreement was signed during the ongoing visit of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to myanmar.
;;0.7506;;sushma iterated india's willingness to help myanmar in addressing issues related to the trouble-torn rakhine state and urged her host country to ensure the speedy and sustainable return of the rohingya.
;;0.0;;the statement released by the external affairs ministry does not use the word rohingya in evident deference to myanmar's sensitivities, and refers to them as the displaced persons of the rakhine state.
;;0.2195;;this is a very delicate matter, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said this morning.
;;-0.875;;20 (agencies): the 39 indian construction workers captured by the islamic state terrorist outfit in 2014 when it overran mosul in iraq are dead, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told parliament on tuesday.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj in the rajya sabha on tuesday.
;;-0.296;;picture: ap 1the minister said after the isis was overthrown, her deputy and minister of state for external affairs v.k. singh visited iraq in search of the missing indians.
;;0.3612;;swaraj wanted to make a similar statement in the lok sabha but could not do so because of ruckus created by opposition members.
;;-0.4215;;but under modi, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is widely perceived as wielding even lower influence on foreign policy than many of her predecessors.
;;0.0;;but sushmaswaraj was down with pneumonia, and was discharged from hospital only today.
;;0.4404;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said all passengers are safe.
;;-0.2023;;when the business advisory meet formally began, javadekar realized that he had forgotten to discuss the matter with the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who, by that time, had proceeded to nepal.
;;0.4215;;javadekar supposedly came clean on his position and requested opposition leaders not to make an issue of the matter till swaraj returned.
;;0.0;;one name doing the rounds is that of the union external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;if she actually makes it, swaraj will be able to lay claim to being a political heavyweight.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj plants a sapling at the inauguration of the nalanda university in rajgir on friday.
;;0.0258;;picture by nagendra kumar singh external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday backed the state governments proposal to set up an airport in nalanda.
;;0.3818;;on this auspicious occasion (of inauguration of the nalanda university), i would appeal to the external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, to persuade the civil aviation ministry to accept our proposal for the new airport.
;;-0.6597;;damodar verma, a 62-year-old man with a cheek and mouth disfigured by cancer surgery was among dozens of patients and their families who interacted with mps, including leader of opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.5574;;we need pictorial warnings that frighten people away from tobacco, said swaraj.
;;-0.4588;;file picturenew delhi: an embraer aircraft carrying external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to south africa went incommunicado for 14 minutes on saturday, causing the mauritius air traffic control to press the panic button, the airports authority of india said on sunday.
;;0.0;;it is always between her and lord krishna, her husband swaraj kaushal tweeted in the evening.
;;0.4019;;the comments made by the external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, in the context of the surrogacy (regulation) bill, 2016, can serve as a mini manifesto of the bharatiya janata party.
;;-0.5106;;separatist gesturejammu and kashmir liberation front chief yasin malik has taken up the cause of indian prisoners, including jadhav, in pakistan in an open letter to foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;soon after modi returns from bhutan, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will fly to dhaka on her first trip after taking charge.
;;-0.296;;the speculation of his resignation is baseless, bjp spokesperson prakash javadekar said after the meeting attended by senior leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.2732;;in the last few days, the media has been making allegations about certain irregularities in the corporate affairs of some political leaders.
;;0.2023;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj represented the government top brass.
;;-0.3182;;neither side appears willing to shift positions on russias role in the conflict in ukraine as negotiators from the two allies try and hammer out a joint statement they can release after kerry meets indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday.
;;-0.4497;;but new delhi is unwilling to concede on any statement critical of russia after kerrys meeting with sushmaswaraj and on friday with prime minister narendra modi, senior indian and us officials have confirmed to the telegraph.
;;0.4939;;addressing the 12th india-asean meeting in nay pyi taw a few days back, the external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, rightly underlined that the asean-india strategic partnership owes its strength to the fact that our look east to asean meets your look west towards india.
;;0.7906;;swaraj has done well to reassure the region that the new indian government would like to stand with them, taking the trajectories of common interests higher in the coming years, both in terms of achievement and relevance to the bilateral asean+1 relationship and of the multilateral ambition at the regional and global levels.
;;0.0;;the president, along with chief minister nitish kumar, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, varsity chancellor george yeo and vice-chancellor gopa sabharwal, would attend the function all attired in khadi robes.
;;0.5994;;it is clear that p.j. thomas was appointed the chief vigilance commissioner despite the objections raised by sushmaswaraj swaraj, the leader of the opposition in the lok sabha, who was a member of the high-powered committee responsible for making the appointment.
;;0.0;;the deputy prime minister, who is also foreign minister, met foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in the evening and will tomorrow serve as chief guest at the commencement ceremony for students of the south asian university.
;;0.4215;;a relative of an indian worker kidnapped in iraq is comforted by sushmaswaraj swaraj in delhi on thursday.
;;-0.5106;;we have been told by the foreign ministry of iraq that they have been able to determine the location where these abducted indian nationals are being held captive, external affairs ministry spokesperson syed akbaruddin said.
;;-0.34;;in delhi, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her officials offered distinct messages to their clearly different audiences as the narendra modi government grappled with its first foreign policy crisis.
;;0.0258;;the family members later approached silchar mp sushmita dev, who took up the matter with union home minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;with the intervention of the external affairs ministry, he came back to silchar on july 19.
;;0.4019;;although id is a central government holiday, modi summoned senior ministers arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj to his office to discuss his forthcoming us visit and secretary of state john kerrys trip to india beginning tomorrow.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the sco council of foreign ministers in bishkek, kyrgyzstan on wednesday, may 22, 2019.
;;0.6124;;(pti)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her pakistani counterpart shah mehmood qureshi met briefly on the sidelines of the shanghai corporation organisation (sco) meeting in bishkek, kyrgyzstan, on wednesday, but the two sides differed on the nature of the engagement.
;;0.0258;;indian external affairs ministry sources insisted that there was no meeting, only exchange of pleasantries in the lounge where others were also present.
;;0.4939;;however, the associated press of pakistan (app) called it an informal dialogue and quoted qureshi as stating that sushmaswaraj had brought sweets to the meeting.
;;0.0;;today (i) met sushmaji.
;;0.0;;in july this year, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj travelled to bahrain to meet arab league foreign ministers at the first meeting of an india-arab league cooperation forum, a joint ministerial platform, as a follow-up to the senior officials meeting.
;;0.296;;(pti) the two leaders at the banquet mamata and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj share a light moment at rashtrapati bhavan (pti) new delhi, dec.
;;0.0;;a few hours earlier, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had had to eat her words.
;;0.0;;sushma had enough people correcting her.
;;0.0;;sushma tweeted: rahulji - advani ji is our father figure.
;;-0.5267;;telegraph file photoforeign minister and senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj today said rahul gandhi's words about the party's treatment towards l.k. advani has hurt us deeply.
;;0.0;;sushma, in a reply to this comment, tweeted: rahulji - advani ji is our father figure.
;;-0.5574;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had brought up the issue of illegal migration during her recent visit to dhaka.
;;-0.5267;;this months meeting at the ministry of home affairs was limited to discussions on setting up the detention centres.
;;0.4019;;sushma swaraj declared on tuesday that she had made up her mind not to contest the 2019 general election, leaving many in the party wondering if there was a political meaning to the external affairs ministers announcement in the middle of the madhya pradesh poll campaign.
;;0.0;;sushma, 66, a seven-term lok sabha mp from rural vidisha in madhya pradesh, made the announcement in indore where she had gone to campaign for the november 28 assembly election.
;;0.0;;later, at night, sushmaswaraj tweeted: i am not retiring from politics.
;;0.4019;;party leaders in delhi wondered why sushmaswaraj had chosen to speak now, almost six months ahead of the general election.
;;0.4019;;internally, people in the party were aware that sushmaji and some other senior leaders may not contest the next election.
;;0.7579;;at the news conference, sushmaswaraj praised chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and expressed confidence that he would retain the state.
;;0.0;;sushma underwent a kidney transplant in 2016.
;;0.802;;party sources felt sushmaswaraj was then herself hoping to be the prime ministerial face of the party.
;;0.7351;;sushma, however, chose peace with modi after the party swept to power under his leadership.
;;0.6124;;she was rewarded with the important external affairs ministry.
;;0.5499;;but over time, she came to be known as twitter minister, appearing active only on social media with secondary affairs of her ministry while prime minister modi stole the limelight, chartering foreign policy decisions and travelling the world.
;;0.0;;in such an atmosphere, sushmaswaraj may have decided to opt out on her own before she is asked to do so.
;;-0.0516;;sushma, the external affairs minister, will probably leave on saturday night or early sunday morning to be in time for the un general assembly session where she is scheduled to speak on monday.
;;0.0;;we will tell obama that too, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on monday, referring to the talks planned on september 29-30 between modi and us president barack obama.
;;0.4404;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's prod to nepal's deputy prime minister and home minister bilamendra nidhi came today in her first meeting with a visiting dignitary since mid-october, when myanmar's state councillor was in new delhi.
;;-0.8885;;but nepal adopted the constitution amid violent protests that claimed the lives of dozens, and oli, who came to power as a part of a compromise deal soon after, accused india of trying to interfere in his country's internal affairs.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj in new delhi on tuesday.
;;-0.5994;;(pti) new delhi, may 31: students from 40 african nations called off today's scheduled street protest against serial attacks on africans in delhi after last-minute interventions by the envoys from their countries, the delhi police chief and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;sushma appeared before cameras for the first time in a month as she met 20 african students and two diplomats at the ministry office this afternoon.
;;-0.6486;;at the meeting, sushmaswaraj listed a series of steps she said the government would take to avoid a repeat of the attack on the congolese student-cum-teacher, masonda ketanda olivier.
;;-0.7351;;but sushmaswaraj stuck to the government's script in refusing to call the attack on olivier a racially motivated one.
;;-0.4157;;but multiple african students who attended the meeting with sushmaswaraj said they disagreed with her description of the attack as not racist.
;;-0.2263;;new delhi, dec 19: shashi tharoor was today seen seated beside sushmaswaraj swaraj in the front row of the lok sabha, fine-tuning a house resolution condemning the bail granted to alleged 26/11 attacks planner zaki-ur rehman lakhvi by a pakistan court.
;;0.0;;tharoor, the congress mp from thiruvananthapuram, was seen talking to modi before he sat with foreign minister sushmaswaraj , poring over the resolution and making a few changes.
;;0.5267;;inside the apartment, the anxiety of six weeks - judith had been abducted on june 9 - had been replaced by happy anticipation since external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had announced judith's rescue through a tweet early on saturday.
;;0.34;;the bangalore-based ngo worker, whose tweet had prompted an immediate reassurance of support from minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, said over phone that his sister would need time to get over the trauma and reclaim her life.
;;0.5106;;most stakeholders at the university, including faculty, students and foreign ambassadors seemed delighted, when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj inaugurated the varsity on friday.
;;0.0;;the recent visit of indias external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, for the regional forum meetings of the association of southeast asian nations in naypyidaw, has set the stage for modis visit to myanmar later this year in november.
;;0.0;;all ministers from states and the centre need clearance from the external affairs ministry for official trips abroad.
;;0.0644;;on saturday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had written to her pakistan counterpart, shah mehmood qureshi, that she would not be able to attend because of prior commitments but that two colleagues  harsimrat kaur badal and hardeep singh puri  would represent india.
;;0.0;;qureshi had invited sushmaswaraj , amarinder and sidhu on behalf of khan on saturday.
;;-0.4939;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will attend the 46th session of the council of ministers of the organisation of islamic cooperation (oic) in abu dhabi on friday despite the groupings j&k contact group condemning indias pre-emptive air strike and issuing yet another statement criticising the governments kashmir policy.
;;0.5859;;the sources said the uae had reiterated its invitation to sushmaswaraj after pakistan protested the unilateral decision to invite her as a guest of honour.
;;-0.3612;;an exhausted sushmaswaraj at the chhapra rally on tuesday.
;;-0.6808;;12: the bjp today said carbon monoxide that leaked from l.k. advanis air-conditioned rath had made sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley sick yesterday.
;;0.0;;on wednesday, both sushmaswaraj and jaitley were present at advanis media conference but they did not speak.
;;0.128;;backstage, as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj lit the inaugural lamp on nalanda university (nu), a member of the exclusive mentor group whispered out his sense of whats only speculation at the moment.
;;0.8658;;she then invokes swaraj and said, and of course we are thankful to the external affairs minister for her interest and her engagement.
;;0.6369;;shortly before the formalities began, sabharwal told the telegraph she had been elated to see the new government at the centre take ownership of nu, mandated by an act of parliament as a ministry of external affairs (mea) enterprise.
;;0.5267;;both sushmaswaraj swaraj and the mea have responded quickly and positively, which is very heartening for us, sabharwal said.
;;0.5994;;foreign minister swaraj, for her part, responded with ready assurance.
;;0.802;;swaraj then addressed a small clutch of diplomats in attendance, saying: some of your nations have taken keen interest in nalanda and come forward to help.
;;0.7717;;briefly, towards the end, swaraj turned away from her prepared text in english  for the benefit of international guests  and ventured in evocative hindi to a round of applause.
;;0.0;;lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj  otherwise on the dot on her twitter site  was silent on modi.
;;0.0;;picture by nagendra kumar singhrajgir has not seen such hectic activity since september 2014 when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj formally inaugurated the born again nalanda university, an idea first mooted by then president the late apj abdul kalam in 2006.
;;0.1531;;the multilingual website was launched yesterday by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who described it as part of prime minister narendra modi's effort to reach out to people and communicate with them in their own language.
;;0.0;;however, external affairs minister swaraj said: other regional language versions of the website will be available in a phased manner.
;;0.0;;when foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met japanese foreign minister in myanmars capital earlier this month, her most forceful message  according to both japanese and indian officials  was that the two nations expedite nuclear negotiations ahead of modis tokyo visit.
;;0.7351;;nepal's deputy prime minister bimalendra nidhi, sent specially by new prime minister pushpa kumar dahal - better known as prachanda - met foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today for talks on rebuilding trust.
;;0.7351;;sushma swarajnew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on thursday that on the auspicious occasion of diwali, india would grant medical visa in all deserving cases that are pending, as she responded positively to a number of such requests by pakistani nationals.
;;0.3182;;to a request for a visa by pakistani national amna shamin, who wants to visit her father who is receiving treatment in delhi, swaraj tweeted: please contact indian high commission in pakistan.
;;0.3612;;on the auspicious occasion of deepawali, india will grant medical visa in all deserving cases pending today, the external affairs minister added.
;;0.0;;on wednesday, sushmaswaraj had directed the indian high commission in islamabad to issue a medical visa to a pakistani child.
;;0.3612;;the child's father, kashif, had requested sushmaswaraj on twitter to grant the visa for the treatment of abdullah, saying he needed post-liver transplant evaluation in india.
;;0.0;;i have asked indian high commission to issue medical visa, sushmaswaraj had tweeted.
;;0.0;;sherin's case had caught the attention of foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the indian mission in houston.
;;-0.296;;we are deeply concerned about the missing child, sushmaswaraj had tweeted on october 19.
;;-0.872;;lok sabha leader sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to singh and tweeted that she was always for death penalty in rape cases and had once moved a private member bill in support.
;;0.25;;bjp sources claimed singh assured sushmaswaraj he would look into her demand.
;;-0.25;;the union external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had cancelled a dinner in the wake of the peshawar school massacre, is also hosting a dinner for parliamentarians.
;;0.4019;;the other much-awaited party is that of the union minister for minority affairs, najma heptullah.
;;0.4019;;last september, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had mentioned the iits at the un general assembly while taking a dig at pakistan and its alleged support for militant outfits.
;;0.0;;pm modis foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj dramatically declared that her government was willing to spend hundreds of crores of rupees to achieve this objective.
;;0.296;;the foreign office, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, prime minister modi and national security adviser ajit doval played pivotal roles in building emergency alliances across nations and communities to facilitate the nurses release.
;;0.0;;but while badal, in multiple meetings with sushmaswaraj , could only offer information available to the families of the 39 men in mosul, chandy virtually handed to the foreign office a parallel network of negotiators close to the ground.
;;-0.2755;;the foreign ministry had till then, in the eyes of sections in kerala, not been responsive enough to the three letters chandy had written to sushmaswaraj in june.
;;0.0;;syed asif ali, 82, and his 66-year-old nephew nazim ali nizami met foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (in pti picture after the talks).
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said she had spoken to the home minister and delhi lieutenant-governor najeeb jung.
;;-0.0258;;they assured me that the culprits will be arrested soon and a sensitisation campaign will be launched in areas where african nationals reside, sushmaswaraj tweeted.
;;0.34;;the sources said the border security situation might have figured in the talks since foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is due to visit bangladesh.
;;0.0258;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said she had sought a report on the matter.
;;0.4939;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj hugs 12-year-old sonu, who was kidnapped from outside his house in east delhi in 2010 and taken to bangladesh.
;;0.7003;;i am thankful to prime minister modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for ensuring our pilgrimage to kailash mansarovar.
;;-0.7269;;the families of the 39 indian workers who went missing in mosul, iraq, june 2014 learnt about their death from television after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made a statement in the rajya sabha on tuesday.
;;0.3612;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj promised to make a detailed statement in the lok sabha on thursday.
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will soon meet her afghan counterpart to detail a roadmap for enhanced strategic cooperation between the nations, officials said.
;;0.4019;;that position is officially driven by indias refusal to support any interference by a country in the internal affairs of another  except if mandated by the un.
;;-0.4215;;those worries inadvertently spilled out publicly last week when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was caught unawares about the scotland referendum.
;;0.0;;after a few words whispered by foreign secretary sujatha singh, sushmaswaraj recovered and said: the people of scotland have to decide for themselves.
;;0.4404;;one of the better performers is foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, a distant second in the government with 15 lakh followers, the official said.
;;0.1779;;30: sushmaswaraj swaraj has opposed meira kumars decision to extend the term of lok sabha secretary-general t.k. vishwanathan by a year, opening a new front against the speaker in the monsoon session.
;;-0.4215;;leader of opposition sushmaswaraj wrote a letter to meira today, protesting the extension for three reasons.
;;0.0;;sushma was unavailable for comment.
;;0.0;;almost a year ago, sushmaswaraj made an issue of vishwanathans appointment when she was formally consulted by meira.
;;-0.4019;;however, on august 5, when sushmaswaraj introduced a calling attention motion on telangana, tensions spilled over.
;;-0.296;;although home minister p. chidambaram and andhra congress mps interrupted while sushmaswaraj spoke, the speaker asked her to conclude in 10 minutes.
;;-0.128;;sushma protested, saying she had only just begun.
;;0.0;;a miffed sushmaswaraj later let it be known that she was unfairly treated by the speaker.
;;0.0;;on august 6, the speaker sent a message to sushmaswaraj , seeking an audience with her.
;;0.2732;;sushma virtually questioned the speakers decision to grant rahul gandhi time in excess of what is allowed during zero hour the previous day.
;;0.0;;in the bjps internal sweepstakes, sources said ahluwalias re-entry was a victory of sorts for sushmaswaraj swaraj, leader of the opposition in the lok sabha.
;;0.0;;first, modi sent his new minister of state for external affairs, m.j. akbar, to syria, iraq and lebanon, ending a long hiatus in high-level visits to these countries from new delhi.
;;-0.296;;the upa government's neglect of the levant was so inexplicable, yet so glaring, that when vikas swarup, the spokesman of the ministry of external affairs, announced the trip, he could not remember when an indian minister had last visited the three regional powers in question, although syria, iraq or lebanon are on top of every international television news bulletin the world over.
;;0.0;;in fact mr. walid muallem, the foreign minister of syria visited india in january this year and met the external affairs minister.
;;0.7269;;muallem had responded positively in january to the entreaties of the external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, to help locate 39 abducted indians in iraq and free them.
;;0.0;;deb was also invited to a meeting in new delhi on may 4 with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.6597;;one question kept bouncing back through the day, revolving around a perception that foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had kept the hopes of the families alive.
;;0.128;;the brother of a victim from bihar said he had met sushmaswaraj as many as eight times and every time he was told all the 39 hostages were alive.
;;0.3919;;sushma was dealing with a difficult situation in a land that was ravaged by the barbaric is but the government's penchant for turning every issue into an event and fish for credit appeared to have compounded the sense of letdown among the families.
;;0.0;;sushma ran into rough weather in the lok sabha with the congress raising slogans.
;;-0.2732;;in keeping with the government's disposition to milk every issue to the last drop, sushmaswaraj found it pertinent to mention that singh and others had to sleep on the floor of a small house during the search.
;;0.0;;the external affairs ministry today said it would not oppose the marines petition.
;;-0.0572;;on humanitarian grounds, we will not challenge that petition, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;0.0;;modi had himself visited the first iskcon temple in moscow's begovaya neighbourhood in 2001, soon after he had become gujarat chief minister, the group told foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during a recent presentation.
;;0.7506;;the recent visits of the indian prime minister, narendra modi, and the external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, to nepal were an important opportunity to recalibrate indo-nepalese ties and they have succeeded in doing precisely that.
;;0.7506;;the 1950 treaty of peace and friendship between india and nepal enshrined the close relationship between the two nations (including close co-operation on trade, transit, defence and foreign affairs) and constrained chinese options vis--vis nepal.
;;0.1635;;china appears attractive because it can claim that, unlike india, it is not interested in the internal affairs of nepal.
;;0.4019;;sent as the special envoy of maldives president abdulla yameen, foreign minister mohamed asim met his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj and also called on prime minister narendra modi.
;;-0.4404;;perhaps the external affairs ministry should shift from south block to gandhinagar for a fortnight.
;;0.0;;kerry, on his second india trip in six months, was originally scheduled to travel only to new delhi in the second week of january for talks with foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on president barack obama's visit as chief guest on republic day.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj talked of the possibility of a 1962-like situation when intrusions happened in our time (during congress rule).
;;-0.5267;;since the setback in june, india has openly named and blamed china - beijing was responsible for blocking new delhi's application, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told parliament last month.
;;0.0;;sushma, too, will seek to soften china's opposition during a visit this week by chinese foreign minister wang yi.
;;0.3818;;on monday, the commerce ministry had unspooled for the prime minister a presentation that was focused on how to bring about a synergy between export-driven commerce and external affairs in keeping with modis belief that economics and commerce had become the cornerstone of global diplomacy instead of just politics and strategic issues, a government source said.
;;0.0;;modi held a meeting with finance minister arun jaitley and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to discuss his us visit in september.
;;0.0;;another high-profile diplomatic visitor - us secretary of state john kerry - flew out of new delhi this afternoon almost at the exact same time as his host sushmaswaraj swaraj also left the country.
;;0.0;;kerry co-chaired the india-us strategic and commercial dialogue with sushmaswaraj , us secretary of commerce penny pritzker and indian commerce minister nirmala sitharaman on tuesday.
;;0.5267;;but the foreign ministry coordinated with the egyptians to ensure that sushmaswaraj met sisi before the egyptian leader met kerry.
;;-0.9001;;july 28: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will visit italy in early september on a trip officially aimed at attending the canonisation of mother teresa at the vatican, signalling the end of a four-year diplomatic war over the 2012 arrest of two italian marines for murder.
;;0.0;;sushma will lead the indian delegation for the canonisation on september 4, accompanied by bengal chief minister mamata banerjee and, possibly, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal.
;;0.8271;;but two senior officials have independently confirmed to the telegraph that sushmaswaraj will also use the opportunity for the first public diplomatic engagement with italy's leadership since 2012, when cabinet ministers from the two sides last exchanged visits.
;;0.3612;;in light of the importance of mother teresa's canonisation, the external affairs minister will herself lead the indian delegation, foreign ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said today.
;;-0.34;;unwell since april, sushmaswaraj has avoided all foreign travel over the past three months, and junior foreign minister v.k. singh has substituted for her at key international meets.
;;-0.1779;;the officials cautioned that sushmaswaraj may calibrate the extent of the public nature of her commitments to italy to avoid any domestic political backlash.
;;0.0;;as reported first by the telegraph on june 15, the visit by mamata to italy and the vatican - now accompanied by sushmaswaraj - is among a string of bilateral visits new delhi and rome are plotting to signal their diplomatic reengagement.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj and arun jaitley would be with advani during his bihar visit.
;;0.3352;;in order to make this plan work effectively, the ministry of external affairs does not want to even acknowledge that it is engaged in an out-of-the-box diplomatic offensive with the aim of neutralizing pakistan's efforts to take its relations with india to the global centre stage.
;;0.0;;the first major indian speech at the venezuela summit was made by a muslim, the minister of state for external affairs, m.j. akbar.
;;0.1027;;so, the external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, who was to have originally reached new york on monday was told by modi to stay back in new delhi.
;;0.0258;;swaraj will now reach new york only on saturday after most heads of state and government have left the un.
;;0.0;;11: union external affairs and overseas affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will inaugurate the much-awaited shillong passport seva kendra on friday here.
;;0.0;;union minister of state for external affairs and overseas indian affairs gen.
;;0.0;;(retired) v.k. singh will be accompanying swaraj.
;;0.5267;;the external affairs ministry, in a bid to augment and improve the delivery of passport services to citizens, had launched the passport seva project (psp) in may 2010.
;;-0.128;;the dot was egged on by sistemas indian arm and the external affairs ministry, which had to face tough questions from russian diplomats trying to push the case for the operator in indias booming telecom market.
;;0.0;;the issue was also taken up at a meeting earlier this month of a high-level bilateral panel on trade, economic, scientific, technological and cultural cooperation, co-chaired by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and russias deputy prime minister dmitry rogozin.
;;0.5574;;in fact, she had the self confidence to challenge sushmaswaraj swaraj and maneka gandhi in parliament during the debate on the women's reservation bill.
;;-0.0572;;swaraj and gandhi did not want reservation along caste lines in seats reserved for women.
;;0.0;;dr guleria has worked as a personal physician to former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee and has also treated union ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley.
;;0.0;;the intruders went on a looting spree for over half an hour after taking madan's wife sushmaswaraj (38) and their son (14) and daughter (11) hostage at gunpoint.
;;0.0;;after the gang fled the spot, sushmaswaraj informed her husband, who turned up at gamharia thana to lodge an fir at 7am.
;;0.0;;modi's letter to mamata earlier this week was followed up by a telephone call to the chief minister by foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.3502;;sushma swaraj new delhi, april 6: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's assertion on wednesday that india does not cry racism while probes are on over attacks on its nationals abroad overlooked the track record of her own prime minister - and his predecessor - in concluding a race bias.
;;-0.4939;;sushma had criticised african ambassadors to india yesterday in parliament for publicly calling recent attacks on nigerian nationals in greater noida xenophobic and racial.
;;-0.7579;;sushma too recently suggested a racial bias against an indian priest who was attacked in a church in australia - without using the word and hours after the attack, while the incident was being probed.
;;0.7506;;sushma swaraj, indias new external affairs minister, did well to assure dhaka during her visit there that she would try to complete the tasks initiated by manmohan singhs government in order to improve india-bangladesh relations.
;;0.0;;the government and the political class in dhaka waited to receive the right signals from ms swaraj.
;;0.0;;ms swaraj did the right thing by not raising the issue with bangladeshi leaders.
;;0.0972;;however, ms swaraj may have to attend soon to more substantive matters in india-bangladesh ties.
;;-0.5994;;anita joshuaexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at a press conference announcing the death of 39 indians who were kidnapped in iraq, in new delhi on tuesday.
;;-0.6705;;several families had insisted on tuesday, when sushmaswaraj swaraj confirmed that all the 39 indians had been killed, that the foreign minister had misled them repeatedly.
;;-0.3612;;eam swaraj kept offering hope when gov was covering up poor intel, shifty contacts & lack of quick action.
;;0.34;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, national security adviser ajit doval and foreign secretary sujatha singh are likely to be on the delegation along with a few other ministers, sources have told the telegraph.
;;0.0;;in a letter to all the catholic churches in the country, bishops conference president baselios cardinal cleemis said the church had been in constant touch with foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her ministry to request them to speed up the priest's release.
;;0.128;;backstage, as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj lit the inaugural lamp on nalanda university (nu), a member of the exclusive mentor group whispered out his sense of whats only speculation at the moment.
;;0.8658;;she then invoked swaraj and said, and of course we are thankful to the external affairs minister for her interest and her engagement.
;;0.6369;;shortly before the formalities began, sabharwal told the telegraph she had been elated to see the new government at the centre take ownership of nu, mandated by an act of parliament as a ministry of external affairs (mea) enterprise.
;;0.5267;;both sushmaswaraj swaraj and the mea have responded quickly and positively, which is very heartening for us, sabharwal said.
;;0.5994;;foreign minister swaraj, for her part, responded with ready assurance.
;;0.802;;swaraj then addressed a small clutch of diplomats in attendance, saying: some of your nations have taken keen interest in nalanda and come forward to help.
;;0.7717;;briefly, towards the end, swaraj turned away from her prepared text in english  for the benefit of international guests  and ventured in evocative hindi to a round of applause.
;;0.0;;sister sushmaswaraj swaraj worked day in and day out to get them back to their homes.
;;0.0;;voting should be possible, if needed, on amendments, the prime minister was told by the bjp team that included opposition leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj, bjp president rajnath singh and l.k advani.
;;0.0757;;obviously, the party feels that sushmaswaraj swaraj, the leader of the bjp in the lok sabha, is not good enough to be its next prime ministerial candidate.
;;0.2732;;the nomination of mr modi can be interpreted as a vote of no confidence for ms swaraj.
;;-0.5719;;(from left) finance minister arun jaitley, home minister rajnath singh, prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman during a cabinet committee on security meeting to discuss the pulwama terror attack.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (right) outside parliament on wednesday.
;;0.2732;;swaraj, who was unwell, was making her first appearance in public in five months and was greeted with a thumping of desks by fellow parliamentarians.
;;0.0;;picture by prem singh new delhi, march 15: sushmaswaraj swaraj had to deliver a statement in parliament.
;;0.0;;sushma, who underwent a kidney transplant in early december, has worked from home since late october.
;;-0.296;;uma had received sushmaswaraj at the main entrance of parliament and brought her to the lower house.
;;-0.4215;;sushma delivered a prepared statement on the spate in hate crimes in the us against indians or members of the indian american community.
;;0.6124;;a stream of mps across party lines walked up to greet sushma.
;;0.4019;;while convalescing, sushmaswaraj had remained active on twitter and attended to her official work from home.
;;-0.6597;;singh is representing india because foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who suffered from a bout of pneumonia recently, has been advised to try to avoid travel.
;;-0.6705;;sushma last week directly blamed china in parliament for blocking india's bid to join in june the nuclear suppliers group, the 48-nation club that alone decides the rules for nuclear trade.
;;-0.6486;;our special correspondentnew delhi: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said india was always ready for talks, amid speculation that the comprehensive dialogue with pakistan might resume after recent official and track-ii contacts, but asserted there was no change in the caveat that terror and talks cannot go together.
;;0.0;;sushma was responding to questions at her annual media conference - which usually coincides with the modi government turning a year - on the feelers being sent by pakistan for a dialogue.
;;0.0;;sushma also sought to dispel the perception that some senior ministers - nirmala sitharaman and rajnath singh - had indicated that the government was open to dialogue with pakistan.
;;0.0;;sushma clarified that the official-level contacts between india and pakistan in recent months were existing mechanisms that had continued to function.
;;0.0;;the cardinal added he met sushmaswaraj swaraj, the union external affairs minister, at the vatican several times today.
;;0.0;;swaraj led the indian delegation for the sainthood mass.
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is said to have conveyed this to her iranian counterpart javad zarif at their bilateral meeting in the capital.
;;0.4019;;it also meant the end of the efforts undertaken by foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to help mukherjee and his family.
;;0.4215;;hours before mukherjee breathed his last, sushmaswaraj had called tinku mukherjee, the mother, and set in motion a series of actions involving the indian consulate in new york to help the family reach early.
;;-0.4588;;mallya moment the congress described vijay mallya's case as the lalit modi moment for finance minister arun jaitley, comparing his role with that of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in the case of disgraced cricket czar lalit modi who too is in britain.
;;0.0;;sushma had then linked the move to stay away from the luncheon to shah.
;;0.0;;he will meet narendra modi and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj .
;;0.4588;;however, the fact remains that the official leg of his eight-day visit begins on friday, when he is scheduled to get a ceremonial welcome at the rashtrapati bhavan forecourt and meet president ram nath kovind, modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4019;;2: hardeep singh puri, who retired as indias permanent representative to the un in new york last year, joined the bjp today in the presence of party chief rajnath singh and opposition leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.128;;new delhi, march 31: two indian workers abducted earlier this month in south sudan were rescued yesterday, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;0.8462;;but, the sources said, he appears to have a good chance of becoming chief minister as party president nitin gadkari and senior leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj were apparently considering yeddyurappas demand.
;;-0.8074;;new delhi, june 8: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has written to six chief ministers asking them to swiftly prosecute cases of violence against african visitors in a bid to tamp down tensions as the narendra modi government plans an unprecedented sprint of visits to the continent.
;;0.296;;the ministry of external affairs has asked the joint secretary responsible for relations with state government to regularly prod state chief secretaries for faster progress in all cases of attacks on africans, sinha said.
;;0.0;;new delhi, march 22: sushmaswaraj swaraj today responded with a tweet to a whisper campaign in the bjp that she was being conciliatory to the government.
;;0.2023;;the reference was to a gossip item in a delhi daily that claimed the prime minister had invited sushmaswaraj and her family for dinner to thank her for suggesting the controversy over the appointment of p.j. thomas as chief vigilance commission should be buried.
;;-0.6808;;sushma rejected another item in the daily that said she had sulked after gadkaris snub and refused to attend an internal meeting until party veteran l.k. advani placated her.
;;0.34;;a source close to sushmaswaraj said regardless of gadkaris put-down, she was determined to use twitter to put her view on record.
;;0.0;;but i could not raise this point in the lok sabha because under the rules, the affairs of one house cannot be brought up in the other, sushmaswaraj contended.
;;0.0;;6: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will travel to myanmar this friday at a time india is sniffing rare economic and diplomatic clout with its strategically crucial neighbour amid a drastic pullback in chinas investments in that nation.
;;0.0;;sushma will meet foreign ministers of the association of south east asian nations and of the larger east asia summit  which also includes india, china, the us, canada and australia among others  in nay pyi taw during her three day visit.
;;0.0;;sushma is also likely to meet the foreign ministers of canada, vietnam, australia, philippines, brunei and south korea.
;;0.0;;sushma is unlikely to meet opposition leader aung san suu kyi, who lives in yangon and will not be in the myanmar capital during the foreign ministers visit.
;;0.0;;sushma will visit myanmar at a time india, traditionally a laggard in foreign investments in most nations  including some of its neighbours  compared to china, has for once emerged as a larger investor in myanmar.
;;0.0;;jaitley was speaking on behalf of foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, currently recuperating from pneumonia in hospital.
;;-0.9442;;and while then australian foreign minister stephen smith admitted in march 2010 that regrettably, we know that there have been some racial or racist overtones to a small number of those assaults, indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has refused to acknowledge racism.
;;-0.743;;the rare public admission of seeping bitterness in a relationship new delhi and washington have so far sugar-coated for official consumption, even as they argued on multiple disputes, came minutes after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj acknowledged that the nations diverge on key issues.
;;-0.2263;;kerrys interview with the television channel further breached protocol when it delayed the start of the strategic dialogue with sushmaswaraj , which was scheduled to begin at 3pm.
;;-0.1695;;sushma was curt in her response, asserting that indias position against the sanctions was not flexible.
;;0.2732;;today, sushmaswaraj and kerry both accepted they were some distance from delivering results by the time modi visits washington.
;;-0.1531;;as an astute politician, swaraj first checked if her political stocks within the saffron household were falling.
;;0.3612;;earlier this month, sushmaswaraj swaraj, leader of opposition in the lok sabha, had objected to the choice of p.p. rao as the fifth member of the search panel, saying the jurist was a congress loyalist.
;;0.4404;;sushma swaraj new delhi, march 3: sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had strongly opposed p.j. thomass appointment as chief vigilance commissioner, should have been celebrating today but she chose to be correct.
;;0.0;;swaraj, who was on the three-member panel to choose the cvc, had insisted on recording her dissent at the committees last meeting on september 3, 2010.
;;0.0;;other than swaraj, home minister p. chidambaram was present.
;;0.5023;;swaraj, the leader of the opposition in the lok sabha, would not reveal what went on at the meeting, but a source said the bjp leader had boned herself on the backgrounds of the three candidates on the shortlist  the other two were bijoy chatterjee and subbaroyan krishnan, retired bureaucrats like thomas.
;;0.0;;swaraj, the source said, then raised her voice and said: if this is the name you have made up your mind on, i will record my dissent.
;;-0.3818;;however, swaraj insisted on putting down in writing the words i disagree and the prime minister relented.
;;-0.5574;;on january 27, when attorney general g.e. vahanvati told the supreme court the vetting panel was unaware of the old corruption charge against thomas, swaraj threatened to file an affidavit on the meeting to prove she had brought up the case  a threat she later dropped.
;;-0.4215;;lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj, backed by her mentor l.k. advani, re-stated her objections to the merger of the bsr congress with the bjp in karnataka and counselled rajnath to abandon the move.
;;0.0;;after india allowed the second marine to return to italy last year - the other marine had been allowed to go back earlier on health grounds - external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had visited rome in an attempt to restart the relationship.
;;0.8316;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's acknowledgement of all india united democratic front (aiudf) president badruddin ajmal's gratitude for the un vote with an open invitation to support the bjp at the hustings appeared to have rubbed salt into their wound.
;;0.3612;;on friday, sushmaswaraj responded to ajmal's tweet thanking the government for the anti-israel vote by tweeting back: thank you ajmal sahib.
;;0.0;;in two tweets to sushmaswaraj , the aiudf parliamentarian said: our vote is always for india, madam.
;;-0.8957;;ramashankarsushma swarajpatna: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's bombshell in parliament on tuesday, admitting that all 39 indians abducted by isis in iraq in june 2014 are dead, destroyed six families in bihar.
;;0.3818;;sunil's younger brother anil kumar said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had vowed before the relatives of those taken hostage by isis that her government would bring them back to india alive.
;;0.0;;though the external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, had visited afghanistan in september, it was largely a symbolic exercise.
;;0.8442;;swaraj underscored indias commitment to continue extending all possible help to afghanistan to meet various challenges, and conveyed that it will remain engaged in the countrys reconstruction activities in a significant way.
;;0.8625;;describing india as afghanistans first strategic partner, swaraj suggested that new delhi would always share the afghan peoples vision of a strong and prosperous afghanistan.
;;0.2023;;shashi tharoor lauded swaraj for underlining india's priority by meeting up top leaders in afghanistan and showing that india is not going to give up.
;;0.1901;;but when asked whether the new indian government would review its policy towards afghanistan, swaraj had suggested that there was no question of any change in it and asserted that india would continue to help the country in its reconstruction.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj with junior foreign minister mj akbar at the pravasi bharatiya divas announcement in new delhi.
;;-0.5859;;26: india's flagship diaspora outreach initiative, the pravasi bharatiya divas (pbd), has yielded no outcomes over its 13 editions so far, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today, in a criticism that struck at three governments including her own and clouded other efforts at bipartisanship.
;;0.6369;;sushma had minutes earlier credited karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah for his support in organising the 2017 event, which will be held in bangalore in january.
;;0.0;;vayalar ravi, former minister for overseas indian affairs in the manmohan singh cabinet who was in charge of eight of the 13 pbds held so far, countered sushma.
;;0.4782;;but sushmaswaraj , who made the comments while officially launching the logo of the 2017 pbd - designed by calcutta postal officer debashish sarkar who sketches as a hobby - with siddaramaiah, didn't limit her criticism to just one statement.
;;0.25;;asked about efforts to use the pbd to convince affluent sections of the indian diaspora to invest in india, sushmaswaraj was blunt.
;;0.5423;;sushma did praise modi for his diaspora outreach events while travelling overseas, claiming that no leader ever had drawn the kind of response he has at his addresses to indian communities in new york, sydney, london, dubai, johannesburg or nairobi.
;;0.1027;;the big four include prime minister modi, home minister rajnath singh, finance and defence minister arun jaitley, and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;the bjps opposition leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley will hear out hazare on friday on his lokpal draft after which the nda leaders will meet on saturday and take a call on whether they should be part of the prime ministers gathering on sunday or not.
;;-0.5789;;pakistan has, in recent months, indicated a desire for resumption of the dialogue process but external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had categorically said two weeks ago that talks and terror cannot go together.
;;0.0;;yesterday, when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj formally inaugurated nalanda university, three students from the school of historical studies and eight students from school of ecology and environment studies were present at the inaugural event.
;;0.3612;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, in an address to parliament last week, said the modi government was ready to assume more of a leadership role in the world than its predecessor.
;;0.8979;;india's external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on friday in a series of tweets that pakistan had also assured india of the safety, security and freedom of movement of the mother and wife.
;;0.0;;swaraj had recently discussed jadhav's case with pakistani high commissioner to new delhi sohail mahmood.
;;0.1779;;sushma swaraj, the leader of the opposition in the lok sabha who has her roots in haryana, is the final arbitrator in disputes in the state, closest confidante of chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and a popular figure in the state bjp circles.
;;0.7096;;sushma, all set to be renominated from vidisha, is on the other hand being offered the bhopal seat by the local party unit.
;;0.4019;;each time the chief minister needs the centres help, sushmaswaraj intervenes to get him an appointment with prime minister manmohan singh or his ministers.
;;0.0516;;now sushmaswaraj is backing the chief ministers wife sadhna as the candidate for the vidisha seat vacated by shivraj, who has retained budhni.
;;0.0;;sushma entered madhya pradesh politics in 2006 as rajya sabha mp from the state, almost at the same time that shivraj was appointed chief minister.
;;-0.6249;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told the rajya sabha on wednesday that prime minister narendra modis presence in nepal helped avert the flood threat to bihar.
;;0.4019;;our special correspondentexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, with ministers of state mj akbar and v.k. singh, releases a publication, during the ministry's annual press conference on completion of 4 years of the nda government, in new delhi on monday.
;;-0.4404;;(pti photo)new delhi: the twitter-minister tag that many narendra modi-baiters have given her riled external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj so much on monday that she made no effort to hide it at her annual media conference.
;;0.0258;;although, initially, swaraj had projected her much-appreciated twitter outreach as part of a policy decision to rid her ministry of its elitist veneer, a question that referred to a reported congress accusation that the foreign ministry had shifted to the pmo and she was just left with a twitter handle appeared to have got under her skin.
;;0.0108;;sure enough, through the long media conference, sushmaswaraj fielded every question without any help from her junior ministers or officials.
;;-0.296;;new delhi, july 20: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today named china as the one responsible for blocking india's bid to join the nuclear suppliers group last month, the first time the narendra modi government has publicly blamed beijing for the setback.
;;-0.3859;;but sushmaswaraj refused to accept opposition claims that the centre had hyped its bid and not prepared well enough to push through india's application when the 48-nation club of nuclear exporters met in seoul.
;;0.0;;but sushmaswaraj insisted the centre had not hyped its bid, saying it quietly applied on may 12 and made it public only in early june.
;;0.0;;9: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will visit vietnam from august 25 for her first foreign visit beyond indias immediate neighbourhood after entering office, she told officials of the asean in myanmar today.
;;0.0;;sushma has already visited bhutan with prime minister narendra modi, bangladesh and nepal on her own.
;;0.0258;;when the partnership was first stitched three years ago with the initiative of sushmaswaraj swaraj  who hails from the state  the mutual understanding was that in a state election, the parties would each fight 45 of the 90 seats.
;;0.3818;;this becomes clear from china's official version of what transpired between foreign ministers wang yi and sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday at their first bilateral meeting since the doklam troop standoff.
;;0.5423;;while agreeing with this, sushmaswaraj has stressed that peace at the borders is a prerequisite for smooth bilateral relations.
;;0.2263;;the ministry of external affairs today summoned a senior diplomat from the us embassy to demand an explanation for the alleged snooping and to seek an assurance that it would not happen again, senior government officials said.
;;0.0;;mccain, the senior-most us politician to visit india since the election of the new government, met foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, but pulled out of a scheduled meet with the media immediately after.
;;-0.25;;by the time mccain finished his meeting with sushmaswaraj , india had  at about 10 in the morning  summoned a us diplomat to register its protest.
;;0.7184;;the congress believes that gadkari has lately become interventionist after initially giving the impression that he would only mind the party organisation and let sushmaswaraj and jaitley run parliamentary affairs.
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj cleaned a railway station in her constituency of vidisha in madhya pradesh.
;;0.0;;although the bjp is tightlipped about its candidate, the names of veteran mp murli manohar joshi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan and uttar pradesh governor ram naik are doing the rounds.
;;-0.296;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said no such proposal was on the agenda during her recent visit to bangladesh.
;;0.0;;last week, indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her counterpart in nepal, mahendra bahadur pandey co-chaired a meeting of the joint commission.
;;0.0;;she was referring to last month's informal summit prime minister narendra modi held with chinese president xi jinping and visits by her and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to that country.
;;-0.3182;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took note of media reports of her struggle and raised the issue with arvind kejriwal.
;;0.0;;the president, along with chief minister nitish kumar, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, nalanda university chancellor george yeo and vice-chancellor gopa sabharwal, will also lay the foundation stone for the new varsity campus that is being built over a 455-acre area.
;;0.25;;nitish is said to have excellent relations with advani and jaitley and is not known to have any problem with sushmaswaraj , an erstwhile socialist comrade.
;;-0.5859;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, too, had stuck to the government's line in refusing to call an earlier attack this month racially motivated.
;;-0.6249;;racism is an everyday affair.
;;0.7184;;today, uzma's brother met foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj here and requested the government's help to rescue his sister at the earliest, foreign ministry spokesperson gopal baglay said.
;;0.7906;;a us defence department release on hagels meetings with modi and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj quoted the pentagon press secretary, rear admiral john kirby, who said hagel and the indian leaders had discussed the importance of continuing robust defence cooperation, particularly in terms of co-development and co-production, and through military education and training exchanges.
;;0.5719;;sources in india said hagel had asked sushmaswaraj whether india would be willing to expand security cooperation in the indian ocean and pacific regions, senior officials said.
;;-0.2732;;hagel, officials said, also probed sushmaswaraj on the modi governments position on chinas territorial disputes with japan and south korea in the east china sea and with the philippines and vietnam in the south china sea.
;;0.0;;other central ministers, including the minister for foreign affairs, sushmaswaraj swaraj, who did not contest the polls owing to health reasons, came to varanasi to campaign.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.1779;;ptithe government has convened an all-party meeting on tuesday evening where external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will brief the leaders of opposition parties on the pre-dawn airstrike by the indian air force against jaish-e-mohammad's terror camps in pakistan, sources said.
;;0.0;;they said the meeting has been convened at 5pm at jawahar bhawan, which houses the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.0;;bhattacharya said he had forwarded the requests to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.34;;while castigating the pm for his attempts to blame others for non-performance, swaraj tried to make eye-contact with him.
;;-0.4215;;an exasperated swaraj requested the speaker to change viswanathans position.
;;-0.4767;;as a result, the secretary-general was asked to lean backwards even as swaraj resumed her attack.
;;-0.0258;;the redeeming feature of this whole affair is that the bjp and the congress have agreed to share the reference list liberally in spite of their political differences.
;;0.34;;new delhi, march 3: sushmaswaraj swaraj was candid when she listed dos and donts that she said bjp leaders and cadres must implement if the party was to have a serious shot at power in 2014.
;;0.8176;;sushma added that pro-activism came into play in two matters: helping create a favourable atmosphere for the party and poll management.
;;0.5106;;june 21: rebel bjp leader gopinath munde was being persuaded tonight by senior colleagues sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajnath singh not to quit the party, the duos dash prompted by speculation he could join the congress.
;;-0.5859;;sushma, more than rajnath, has also been smarting from gadkaris snubs to her.
;;0.2263;;last month sharif and aziz had both sent messages to ailing indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj wishing her a speedy recovery, while prime minister narendra modi had wished his pakistan counterpart on his birthday on december 25.
;;0.0;;d purandeshwari (top), sushmaswaraj swaraj new delhi, march 7: the bjp appears set to firm up its merger with the bsr congress in karnataka, headed by a scam-stung leader, despite the objections raised by lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.046;;karnataka bjp leaders stressed they very much want the merger to be formalised at the earliest and said some of them would be in the national capital tomorrow to speak to sushmaswaraj and try and convince her.
;;0.0;;bjp sources said the leaders were going through the same rituals of speaking over and over again with sushmaswaraj , as they had when she and advani had put their foot down on b.s. yeddyurappas re-entry.
;;0.0;;sushma is waiting in the wings, rajnath fancies himself as a liberal and accommodating leader in the vajpayee mould while advani has not ruled himself out.
;;0.0;;the external affairs ministry and the department of posts had last year announced their decision to utilise the head post offices in the various states as the post office passport seva kendras for delivering passport related services to the people.
;;0.0;;the berhampur centre was thrown open in the second phase of the scheme after union petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan had requested external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in this regard in june last year, said ganjam unit bjp president kanhu charan pati.
;;0.6124;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who met bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina in dhaka on sunday, said it is clear that normalcy will only be restored with the return of the displaced persons to rakhine state.
;;0.0;;we have urged that the situation be handled with restraint, keeping in mind the welfare of the population, swaraj added.
;;0.0;;hasina's press secretary ihsanul karim quoted swaraj as saying myanmar must take back their nationals.
;;0.0516;;soon after the prime minister made his statement, sushmaswaraj had ranted: the pm today said that had he deferred the allocation of the coal blocks, the countrys energy supply would have been hit.
;;0.0;;in delhi, hamid will stay at rashtrapati bhavan as mukherjee's guest and will on friday meet modi, vice-president hamid ansari, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and leader of opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad.
;;0.2263;;but officials at the external affairs ministry, which coordinates all meetings for visiting dignitaries, said the bengal government had not proposed a meeting yet.
;;-0.2263;;through the day, the indian foreign secretary and other secretaries in the external affairs ministry reached out to the heads of diplomatic missions to maintain that the strike was an act of self-defence, it was led by the intelligence apparatus, not the military, and india had no intention of escalating tensions with pakistan.
;;0.0;;indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said she too had spoken to pompeo.
;;0.4939;;indias external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had recently said the constitution (119th amendment) bill, 2013, which seeks to ratify the agreement will be discussed at the parliamentary standing committee for external affairs before it is introduced in parliament.
;;0.0;;some half-a-dozen names, including that of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who hails from the state, are in the air.
;;0.0258;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said she has written to rajya sabha chairman hamid ansari that the matter was neither admissible.
;;0.5994;;roy, who began his speech by congratulating sushmaswaraj swaraj for her beautiful speech in flowery and flowing hindi, said: she (clinton) was a director on the board of wal-mart for a long time and when she was trying to become the american president in 2007-08, wal-mart executives and lobbies paid for her.
;;-0.1779;;roys references to clinton invited a protest from external affairs minister salman khurshid who pointed out that allegations against a foreign constitutional authority were not proper.
;;-0.1531;;sushma, who initiated the debate, predicted doom for indias retail sector as the entry of global giants would create monopoly and wipe out competition.
;;0.2732;;among the others are lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj, l.k. advani, nitin gadkari, sharad yadav, shibu soren, ram jethmalani, oscar fernandes and ahmed patel as well as cricketer politicians navjot sidhu and mohammad azharuddin.
;;0.0;;this was the consensus that emerged from the first post-doklam bilateral meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her chinese counterpart wang yi on the sidelines of the 15th russia-india-china trilateral.
;;0.3818;;however, wang's statement to the media - in the presence of sushmaswaraj and russian foreign minister sergey lavrov - made it amply clear that beijing has issues with such groups.
;;0.8176;;sushma detailed it further by saying that to strengthen mutual trust and deeper understanding between the two sides, it will be better to meet again and without an agenda.
;;0.4019;;nagaland chief minister neiphiu rio and 18 other mlas called on bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj, appealing to her to support a constitutional amendment that any settlement with the nscn (i-m) will necessitate.
;;-0.2263;;davinder says he met foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj 12 times since his brother disappeared 45 months ago.
;;0.0;;it is only recently that the union external affairs minister has replied to me, mentioning that they have the proposal under consideration.
;;0.0;;in reply to the mps questions, sushmaswaraj swaraj, the union external affairs minister, has mentioned that the bridge on the mansai river needs to be constructed on the indian side.
;;0.3818;;venezuela's foreign minister delcy rodriguez today met indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj and handed her an invitation for the nam summit that caracas has planned in the picturesque margarita island in the caribbean sea from september 17 to 18.
;;0.0;;but modi may instead travel to a different country on these dates, one official indicated, and either sushmaswaraj or vice-president hamid ansari is likely to represent india.
;;0.5267;;fond memories laldenga returned to consult his legal adviser, swaraj kaushal, the husband of the external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.7184;;the cabinet committee on political affairs approved the draft of the agreement.
;;0.0;;the hotel was packed with the capitals crme de la crme, from bjp opposition leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley to former delhi chief minister sheila dikshit and ex-president pratibha patil, from lok sabha speaker meira kumar to digvijaya singh of the congress and union minister farooq abdullah of the national conference.
;;0.0772;;front page > bihar > news in brief news in brief passport centre patna: bjp leader sushil kumar modi submitted a memorandum to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in rajgir on friday requesting to set up a mini passport service centre at siwan as a large number of residents of saran division travel abroad for jobs.
;;0.0;;(from left) sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajnath singh, narendra modi, amit shah and arun jaitley release bjps manifesto in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;for a change, though, home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and finance minister arun jaitley not only found a place on the stage but were also allowed to speak.
;;0.0;;sushma, who has declared that she would not contest the election, was the last to speak before modi.
;;-0.4166;;indian high commissioner in dhaka will take up this matter with the government of bangladesh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted on saturday after the attacks, triggered by a facebook post, were brought to her notice on twitter.
;;0.0;;on sunday, sushmaswaraj took to twitter to announce that she had received a detailed report from the indian high commissioner in dhaka.
;;0.8555;;we see this invitation as the desire of the enlightened leadership of the uae to go beyond our rapidly growing close bilateral ties and forge a true multifaceted partnership at the multilateral and international level, the external affairs ministry said in a statement.
;;0.6808;;i am surprised at the government celebrating the invitation to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to address the oic meeting in the uae.
;;0.296;;in response, sushmaswaraj tweeted: home minister admits that government knew about the pendency of the palm oil case against thomas and yet they appointed him.
;;-0.5859;;the external affairs ministry confirmed the abduction and said india was in contact with the afghan authorities and further details are being ascertained.
;;0.4767;;rpg enterprises chairman harsh goenka tweeted an appeal to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her ministry to help rescue 7 of our managers from the kidnapping in afghanistan.
;;0.4939;;the board, represented by outgoing chief rajnath singh, veterans l.k. advani and murli manohar joshi, and sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, endorsed the choice by consensus.
;;0.1779;;the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs will meet soon to decide the issue, nath said, asked whether the government planned to extend the session beyond the scheduled close on august 30.
;;-0.5095;;new delhi, april 5: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said pakistan's move to declare gilgit-baltistan in pakistan-occupied kashmir as a new province was totally unacceptable.
;;0.015;;sushma rejected mahtab's claim and said her ministry had reacted strongly without wasting any time.
;;0.0;;sushma raised the bjp's slogan on kashmir:  jahan hue balidan mookerjee woh kashmir hamara hai; jo kashmir hamara hai woh sara ka sara hai (where mookerjee was martyred, that kashmir is ours; the kashmir that is ours is entirely ours).
;;0.0;;through video-conferencing, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in delhi and her afghan counterpart salahuddin rabbani in kabul flagged off the first shipment from kandla port in gujarat to chabahar.
;;0.6486;;sushma iterated india's continued commitment to support the reconstruction, capacity-building and socio-economic development of war-ravaged afghanistan, including under the framework of the new development partnership that she jointly announced with rabbani last month during the meeting of the india-afghanistan strategic partnership council.
;;0.3612;;i thought mr advani had retired sometime back and left space for younger people like sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley.
;;0.4939;;i got a distinct feeling that he was addressing someone else, telling that somebody that he would have to wait for another three-and-a-half years, jaitley said today at a news conference he addressed with party colleague sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.1027;;he was in consonance with sushmaswaraj swaraj who also had questioned mamatas absence in dhaka.
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj drove the 4km distance from the vatican, where mother teresa was canonised yesterday, to italy's foreign ministry just before 9pm for the first meeting between senior officials of the two countries since 2012.
;;0.0;;that roadmap includes a series of visits by senior italian leaders - including gentiloni's deputy - to new delhi and indian leaders to rome, officials familiar with the meeting between sushmaswaraj and her counterpart told the telegraph.
;;0.5106;;by late last year, the two countries were secretly discussing the roadmap for restoring ties sushmaswaraj and gentiloni publicly agreed to yesterday.
;;0.0;;with girone back in italy, the two sides could now resume their ties, gentiloni yesterday told italian journalists after his meeting with sushma.
;;0.0;;ivanka trump with foreign affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the gec.
;;0.4404;;silchar, july 25: mizoram chief minister lal thanhawla has urged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to scale up and strengthen bilateral engagements with myanmar.
;;0.0;;lal thanhawla, who was on an official tour to new delhi, met swaraj last week at her office.
;;0.3612;;lal thanhawla requested swaraj to take initiatives to ease restrictions through a bilateral process to facilitate movement of people between the two countries and explore the possibility of making the bus service regular between the two countries through moreh.
;;0.3818;;he urged swaraj to take protective measures to preserve and protect the banyan tree known to the mizos as khampat bungpui - a symbol of mizo unity.
;;0.8591;;this happened even as gadkari visited other leaders like sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley to first marshal support in his defence and then to thank them for giving it.
;;-0.7579;;new delhi, march 16: the bjp, which stalled parliament for the entire winter session on the corruption issue and has since kept up the heat on the manmohan singh government, sat in uncomfortable silence in the lok sabha today as its leader sushmaswaraj swaraj came under attack.
;;-0.0772;;this minister says his entry into politics is accidental, because he came in contact with sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;he has openly declared his goal was to make swaraj the prime minister.
;;0.0;;he has said his loot will continue till sushmaswaraj became pm, the congress mp said.
;;0.4019;;as the leader of the opposition sat in silence, nirupam asked: sushmaji, you can become the prime minister with the support of the people.
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had described harjit's account as a cock-and-bull story.
;;0.0;;iraq captives new delhi (pti): external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday met the families of 40 indians still held captive in iraq.
;;0.5719;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj addresses as guest of honour at the 46th foreign ministers' meeting of organisation of islamic cooperation in abu dhabi, on march 1, 2019.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj attended the oic meeting in abu dhabi.
;;0.0;;leaders of opposition in the parliament  sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley  will also raise the issue in both houses, he said.
;;0.0;;yadav told olivier's cousins that foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had already sought a speedy trial.
;;0.8126;;yesterday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told parliament that india would go out of the way to ensure justice for jadhav, an innocent kidnapped indian.
;;-0.7579;;sushma warned that his execution would be viewed as pre-meditated murder and asked pakistan to consider the consequences on bilateral relations if the sentence was carried out.
;;-0.128;;sushma termed the charges against jadhav concocted and his trial farcical, leading to an indefensible verdict.
;;0.0;;an indian tweeter who calls himself @engineer_gt on saturday asked foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj why, despite being the only one most sensible in the bjp, she wanted to call herself a chowkidar.
;;0.25;;sushma replied: because i am doing chowkidari of indian interests and indian nationals abroad.
;;-0.4404;;the question to sushmaswaraj came after multiple tweets from the minister on an indian couple who were stabbed in munich.
;;0.34;;sushma, as she has done several times before, was giving details on the case and the indian consulate's effort to assist the family.
;;0.3182;;to be fair to @sushankmandal, he did mention that he knew that sushmaswaraj is a hardworking minister.
;;-0.4404;;many sushmaswaraj fans also admonished @engineer_gt for asking such a question.
;;0.0;;neither sushmaswaraj , nor any ministry official had replied to the tweets till afternoon.
;;-0.0018;;the options closed when it became obvious that no one was quite prepared to choose between sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley.
;;0.0;;one is the influence that the rss continues to exert over what can only be described as political affairs.
;;0.4019;;a delegation comprising l.k. advani, murli manohar joshi and opposition leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj handed over a petition against the congress when the party made its first political call on mukherjee since he assumed charge at rashtrapati bhavan.
;;0.34;;mahat, who met foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, power minister piyush goyal, water minister uma bharti, national security adviser ajit doval, bjp leader ram madhav and congress leader janardhan dwivedi yesterday, was here to prepare for prachanda's trip.
;;0.3612;;in between, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has promised to visit mexico in september for a meeting of the bilateral joint commission that sets the template for the relationship by identifying areas for potential cooperation.
;;-0.1531;;sushma swaraj pointed out that islam literally means peace and none of the 99 names of allah means violence.
;;-0.8519;;prem singhterrorism is destroying lives, destabilising regions and putting the world at great peril, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said at the organisation of islamic cooperation (oic) meeting on friday and asserted that war against the menace was not against any religion.
;;-0.9313;;attending the meeting in the shadow of heightened tension between india and pakistan following the killing of 40 crpf personnel in kashmir's pulwama district by the pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammed, swaraj, who is the first indian minister to address the meeting of 57 islamic countries, said very few muslims in india have fallen prey to the poisonous propaganda of radical and extremist ideologies.
;;-0.1531;;sushma swaraj pointed out that islam literally means peace and none of the 99 names of allah means violence.
;;-0.2263;;new delhi, july 15: maneka gandhi today wrote to foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj requesting children of single mothers be allowed to exclude their father's name from their passports, a day after a divorced mother launched an online petition with the demand.
;;0.0;;have received petitions where #mother/#child have insisted that name of the father should not be mentioned in #passport, maneka tweeted today, tagging sushma.
;;0.4588;;picture by prem singhnew delhi: india on tuesday went out of its way to welcome the bhutanese royal family with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj receiving the couple and their toddler son at the airport, two months after the himalayan nation was at the centre of a face-off between india and china.
;;0.8316;;external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar underscored this, tweeting a picture of sushmaswaraj with the royal family and stating special gesture for a valued friend.
;;-0.4404;;picture by prem singh new delhi, july 15: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today denied any government role in ved pratap vaidiks meeting with jamaat-ud-dawa chief hafiz saeed before going on to voice her disapproval after the cross-border tryst led to an uproar in parliament for the second day running.
;;0.0;;sushmas statement followed an internal probe by the ministry of external affairs into whether any official had been aware of vaidiks plans to meet saeed, officials said.
;;0.0;;after sushmaswaraj arrived around 4.
;;0.0;;sushma spoke last, repeating what she had said earlier in the day in the lok sabha.
;;-0.5106;;opposition leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley addressed a media conference together to convey the outrage.
;;0.1027;;let india decide whether it wants this governments version of a weak lokpal or our version of a strong lokpal, sushmaswaraj declared.
;;0.0;;asked if the bjp would continue co-ordinating with the cpm in parliamentary sessions, sushmaswaraj replied: only on those on which we converge.
;;0.0;;maneka has written to foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj pushing her proposal.
;;0.0;;reportedly peeved with gadkaris answer, a source close to yeddyurappa said he sought a clarification from every leader in delhi excepting sushmaswaraj swaraj and ananth kumar.
;;0.6764;;we should see with the new government, which is particularly keen upon efficiency and the implementation of administrative decisions which are taken, fabius told reporters after meeting foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.6124;;fabius described the talks with sushmaswaraj and later with defence minister arun jaitley on the rafale planes as positive.
;;0.6597;;sushma did, though, commit to pursuing the nuclear agreement india had inked with france in 2009, which includes setting up a 9,000mw nuclear park at jaitapur, maharashtra.
;;0.0;;26: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will lead an indian delegation of politicians, jurists and a bishop to the canonisation of mother teresa at the vatican on september 4, the foreign office confirmed today.
;;0.0;;the foreign ministry also indicated sushmaswaraj would likely meet her italian counterpart during the visit.
;;0.0;;the nalanda university was formally inaugurated in september this year by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said she had sought information from the uttar pradesh government on the incident.
;;0.0258;;my officers will reach them in the hospital, swaraj tweeted.
;;-0.7717;;the union ministry of external affairs (mea) had sought blood samples of the five siwan residents and one from neighbouring gopalganj district in north bihar to ascertain if those missing had been killed in iraq where they had gone in search of jobs.
;;-0.296;;the blood samples of the 15 close relatives of the missing persons have been sent to the ministry of external affairs and to the central forensic science laboratory, hyderabad, for dna test, siwan district magistrate mahendra kumar told the telegraph on saturday.
;;-0.34;;the family members had been pressuring external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for several months to trace the whereabouts of their kin in iraq.
;;-0.1027;;america has its own significance, argued sushmaswaraj swaraj, the new indian external affairs minister.
;;-0.7096;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also met her controversial israeli counterpart avigdor lieberman, who has in the past suggested increasing israeli settlements in the west bank, called some arab members of the knesset (israels parliament) terrorists and once advocated bombing egypt.
;;-0.7845;;as the conflict raged and the body count mounted, sushmaswaraj blamed the hamas in parliament for rejecting a peace plan proposed by egypt.
;;0.0;;new delhi, march 7: the bjp appears set to firm up its merger with the bsr congress in karnataka, headed by a scam-stung leader, despite the objections raised by lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.046;;karnataka bjp leaders stressed they very much want the merger to be formalised at the earliest and said some of them would be in the national capital tomorrow to speak to sushmaswaraj and try and convince her.
;;0.0;;bjp sources said the leaders were going through the same rituals of speaking over and over again with sushmaswaraj , as they had when she and advani had put their foot down on b.s. yeddyurappas re-entry.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj is waiting in the wings, rajnath singh fancies himself as a liberal and accommodating leader in the vajpayee mould, while advani has not ruled himself out.
;;0.6486;;in the appointment of mr thomas, he could have easily followed the suggestion made by sushmaswaraj swaraj who was a member of the high-powered committee and was in favour of appointing any of the other two candidates who were on the short list.
;;-0.25;;new delhi, june 11: sitaram yechury today lodged a protest with foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj alleging use of government machinery abroad to further the political objectives of the bjp.
;;0.7003;;the cpm general secretary alleged that a poster released by the overseas friends of the bjp to observe international yoga day on april 19 in malaysia claimed support from the indian high commission, the ministries of external affairs and ayurveda, yoga, unani, siddha and homeopathy (ayush), and the indian council for cultural relations.
;;0.0;;yechury, a rajya sabha mp, said he was drawing the minister's attention in his capacity as a member of the consultative committee of the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.0;;in a series of tweets, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said, south sudan - i am aware of the developments in south sudan.
;;0.3612;;in its latest advisory, the ministry of external affairs said indians who want to leave south sudan may register themselves at the email id: [email protected]the security situation in juba, the capital city of south sudan, has deteriorated since july 7, 2016.
;;0.4215;;the ministry of external affairs advises all indian nationals against all travel to south sudan till situation improves, the ministry said in its latest advisory.
;;-0.9578;;new delhi, july 23: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today accused pakistan of working with un-designated terrorist hafiz saeed to incite violence in india, joining an increasingly bitter verbal joust with islamabad over the kashmir crisis.
;;-0.946;;sushma ridiculed pakistan's criticism of killings in kashmir during protests against the death of a hizb commander, citing islamabad's use of planes and artillery to quell rebel movements.
;;0.4588;;petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had visited iran last month and said india wanted to significantly ramp up engagement in the oil and gas sector of that country.
;;0.3612;;swaraj had conveyed to the iranian leadership that india was keen to invest in joint ventures in the oil and gas sector of tehran where foreign investors are rushing in to get early footholds following the lifting of sanctions.
;;0.0;;she discussed the celebrations later in the afternoon with foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.5994;;both leaders held substantive & productive discussion on cooperation in trade & investment, energy, connectivity, defence & security & regional issues, external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
;;0.0;;in the morning, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on rouhani and discussed various issues with him.
;;0.0;;today, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj dialled her de-facto pakistan counterpart sartaj aziz and asked him to intervene in the search for the clerics.
;;-0.296;;i spoke to mr sartaj aziz, pakistan pm's adviser on foreign affairs, regarding missing indian nationals, sushmaswaraj wrote on twitter.
;;0.899;;the verdict came around 3 in the morning, but external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted immediately: vande matram - india wins election to the international court of justice.
;;0.0;;kerry articulated us concerns to his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj, and us commerce secretary penny pritzker  who is travelling with kerry  reiterated washingtons opposition to indias position when she met commerce minister nirmala sitharaman yesterday.
;;-0.3818;;in bellary, sonias contest was against the bjps sushmaswaraj swaraj, who was in the fight as the country-bred beti taking on the videshi bahu.
;;-0.3182;;swaraj lost by more than 56,000 votes.
;;0.2732;;the two countries have also held a joint economic group meeting and the fifth strategic economic dialogue here recently, as well as meetings on border affairs, cross-border rivers, disarmament and india's possible entry into the nuclear suppliers group.
;;0.0;;swaraj added that the reason bills were not being passed was not the opposition but the internal differences in the government.
;;-0.4767;;swaraj reaffirmed her partys opposition to fdi in retail and said the reform was dangerous for the country.
;;0.0;;swaraj did not touch on the subject.
;;-0.0516;;the indian delegation, led by union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, will leave for the vatican on september 2.
;;0.0;;asked who else will be part of the delegation, the cbci secretary-general said: the composition of the official delegation is being finalised by the external affairs ministry.
;;0.4019;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has spoken to the prime minister of bhutan, tshering tobgay, and is trying to set up a phone conversation with her myanmar counterpart wunna maung lwin to seek help, senior government officials here said.
;;-0.2732;;i can confirm that the external affairs minister has spoken to the bhutanese leadership at the highest levels for their assistance in battling this scourge, foreign office spokesperson syed akbaruddin said.
;;0.0;;indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to the indian ambassador to the us, navtej s. sarna, yesterday about the incident.
;;0.0;;sons of a police constable, the reddy brothers had shot to limelight in 1999 when they rallied behind sushmaswaraj swaraj, who was contesting against sonia gandhi in the by-election to the bellary lok sabha seat.
;;0.4215;;sushma called them her sons as the reddy brothers pulled out the stops in the keenly fought election, which sonia won.
;;-0.6597;;after the mining scam blew up in the face of the then bjp government, sushmaswaraj ignored an invite to attend the annual varalakshmi puja at the reddy home where she had been the chief guest for years.
;;0.4019;;our special correspondenttillerson with swaraj.
;;0.0;;the message was communicated to visiting us secretary of state rex tillerson during bilateral discussions, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;0.5574;;sushma indicated that india was working at two levels to protect the interests of indians working in the us on the two visas.
;;0.5106;;the comment against jaya, the veteran actor-turned-politician, drew a strong rebuttal from none other than sushma.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, with ministers of state mj akbar and v.k. singh, releases a publication, during the ministry's annual press conference on completion of 4 years of the nda government, in new delhi on monday.
;;-0.7461;;(pti photo)new delhi, may 28 (pti): there cannot be any comprehensive dialogue with pakistan till it shuns terrorism, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on monday, asserting talks were not appropriate while people are dying on the border.
;;0.0;;it is one country which does not believe in rule of law and i would just say one thing to their answer 'look who's talking', swaraj asserted.
;;0.0;;this week's meeting apparently has been in the works since december when chinese foreign minister wang yi had a bilateral session with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the sidelines of the 15th russia-india-china trilateral here.
;;0.8176;;sushma had detailed it further by saying that to strengthen mutual trust and understanding between the two sides, it will be better to meet again and without agenda.
;;0.0;;in a tweet addressed to jerome on friday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said: she is your sister and india's daughter.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted yesterday saying 'ed has not sent us an extradition request on lalit modi'.
;;0.7845;;the developments came on a day prime minister narendra modi reviewed the situation at a high-level meeting that was attended by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh, national security adviser ajit doval, cabinet secretary ajit seth, foreign secretary sujatha singh and heads of intelligence and security agencies.
;;0.0;;external affairs ministry spokesperson syed akbaruddin said the meeting reviewed the entire dimensions of the situation, taking into consideration all facts and information available to the government.
;;0.0;;the decisions were taken at a meeting foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj held today with senior officials at the foreign office.
;;-0.4215;;(see chart)the statement, issued after jadhav's mother avanti and wife chetna met foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, took pains to point out that a pair of shoes was not returned to the wife and cautioned against any mischievous intent.
;;0.0;;kerry, who lands in new delhi on july 30, will lead the bilateral talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;however, the catholic bishops' conference of india (cbci) secretary-general, theodore mascarenhas, pointed out that foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had extended a verbal invitation to the pope when she called on him at the vatican last year during her visit for the canonisation of mother teresa.
;;-0.631;;5: sushmaswaraj swaraj today referred to people with flat noses to underline the countrys diversity, but the spirit of her speech made up for the faux pas as the lok sabha condemned the suspected lynching of northeast teen nido tania.
;;-0.5994;;in the lok sabha, sushmaswaraj , the leader of the opposition, raised nidos death.
;;-0.0258;;the house overlooked what appeared to be a gaffe because what sushmaswaraj was implying was unity.
;;-0.34;;minister of state for minority affairs nino ering called for a strong law to stop harassment of people from the northeast and said the regions history and culture should be introduced in ncert textbooks to sensitise people.
;;-0.5423;;if rajnath singh, said to be the most superstitious of modi's cabinet colleagues, had been told by at least one of his numerous astrologers that any year ending in 6 is a bad one for india for taking new diplomatic initiatives in, he would have persuaded the external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, to somehow prevail upon the prime minister not to stake too much on nsg membership this year.
;;0.8023;;the first draft of the nuclear agreement, handed to shyam saran, then the foreign secretary, by the the under secretary of state for political affairs at that time, nicholas burns, in london a few weeks after the announcement of the deal envisaged a formal commitment by india that it would not test nuclear weapons any more.
;;-0.7713;;in new delhi, asked about the threat to the mission, indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said: it is very unfortunate.
;;0.0258;;sushma will take up the matter of the pending teesta accord with the mamata banerjee government.
;;0.0;;at the un this week, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had asked pakistan to introspect about its human rights record, including in balochistan.
;;-0.4939;;the lack of co-ordination between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and junior parliamentary affairs minister prakash javadekar on the issue underscored the governments vulnerability in the upper house where it is in a minority, a source said.
;;0.4019;;senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj, too, was to address a rally in mahakalpada, where her party stalwart bijoy mohapatra, naveens arch-rival, is locked in a triangular contest.
;;0.5859;;at the same time, he was charming towards sushmaswaraj swaraj, the leader of the opposition in the lok sabha, making her blush with an urdu couplet.
;;0.0;;we had decided to meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj but she was out of the country.
;;0.0;;ghulam mohammad bazaz instead, the afghan mega-flag was personally presented by sushmaswaraj swaraj, the foreign minister of india.
;;-0.1531;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj dialled uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath in the morning, and sought a prompt investigation into the attack on nigerian students in greater noida last weekend.
;;0.6597;;bello thanked sushmaswaraj after she responded and promised immediate action.
;;0.0;;nigerian officials in new delhi told this newspaper they had communicated their concerns to amar sinha, secretary (economic relations) in the ministry of external affairs, in charge of india's relations with africa.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had led the indian delegation to the canonisation yesterday.
;;0.0;;when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was in myanmar last month, south koreas foreign minister yun byung-se walked up to her and announced that his country's relations with india had grown by 400 per cent since march this year.
;;0.7184;;as her aides listened in puzzlement, swaraj assumed that yun was paying a compliment to the new bjp-led government, which has been in power for the better part of this short period.
;;0.3818;;now it is more than 120cm, an astonishing pace of growth, yun told swaraj.
;;0.3818;;his idea was that there is a spurt in growth of our relationship as is symbolised by this bodhi tree sapling which has grown more than 400 per cent in a short period, ministry of external affairs spokesperson syed akbaruddin quoted yun as saying.
;;-0.4019;;at a seminar to discuss foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's suggestion that the gita be made the national book, he allegedly made some remarks that landed him in trouble.
;;0.34;;new delhi, june 11: the narendra modi government is determined to pass the womens reservation bill in the lok sabha, senior bjp leader and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj indicated today.
;;-0.0772;;late last night, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had waded into the controversy with a tweet: rahul gandhis comments on defence minister nirmala sitaramans reply to a debate on a subject relating to ministry of defence is a new low in the history of indian politics.
;;-0.6908;;anand sharma asked on thursday: has sushmaswaraj swaraj the guts to criticise the prime minister for his bad language, for lowering the dignity of his own office repeatedly.
;;-0.128;;no wonder, singhbhum chamber of commerce and industry (scci) today shot a letter to union foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, requesting her to extend the drive for a fortnight.
;;0.0;;his family had sent messages on twitter to foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who responded this evening.
;;0.0;;i have asked for a report from the indian ambassador in the us, sushmaswaraj tweeted.
;;0.0;;us secretary of state rex tillerson with minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj during a joint press conference after the meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.6249;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and us secretary of state rex tillerson, after holding wide-ranging talks here, said islamabad needed to take concrete action against terror groups to ensure peace and security in the region, particularly in afghanistan.
;;-0.5267;;terror havens will not be tolerated, tillerson said at a joint press conference here with swaraj.
;;0.6705;;a host of issues, including ways to further boost defence and security cooperation and trade ties, were discussed by swaraj and tillerson.
;;0.438;;but would they have acted as promptly had the writer not complained to sushmaswaraj swaraj and maneka gandhi first?
;;0.7717;;sushma relief new delhi: the supreme court has stayed all proceedings pending in madhya pradesh high court against bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj in an election petition filed by her rival congress nominee rajkumar patel.
;;0.2263;;last month sharif and aziz had both sent messages to ailing indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj wishing her a speedy recovery, while prime minister narendra modi had wished his pakistan counterpart on his birthday on december 25.
;;0.0;;18: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will visit myanmar on august 22, the senior-most indian leader to travel to that country since the government of aung san suu kyi's national league for democracy came to power earlier this year.
;;0.0;;sushma will meet suu kyi, the foreign minister in the new government, and president htin kyaw.
;;0.7506;;27: lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj will file an affidavit in the supreme court to apprise the court of the true facts leading to the appointment of p.j. thomas as the central vigilance commissioner.
;;-0.6597;;briefing the press today, bjps chief spokesperson ravi shankar prasad said that right from when the cvcs appointment process began, sushmaswaraj was against him because of the pending prosecution and pleaded with the prime minister and the home minister to defer the decision, if only by a day.
;;-0.296;;recalling that former us president richard nixon, too, had claimed that he had no idea when the investigation into the watergate episode heated up, prasad alleged that the thomas affair led to the prime ministers doorstep.
;;-0.4497;;but naidu stood his ground, telling reporters later that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj would make a statement and clarify that the government could not have a resolution over a conflict between two countries.
;;-0.3612;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had repeated the argument during the annual strategic dialogue with us secretary of state john kerry in new delhi in end-august.
;;0.0;;sangma is one of the parliamentarians chosen to be part of the indian delegation to be led by union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to the vatican for the canonisation of mother teresa next sunday.
;;-0.8316;;the indians were abducted in june 2014 and till recently the external affairs ministry had not conceded that they had been killed.
;;0.0;;in may 2015, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had written a letter to chief minister nitish kumar (a copy of which is with the telegraph) saying that family members of bidya bhushan tiwari and santosh kumar singh (two of those abducted) had met her and told her of the economic hardships the families were facing.
;;-0.2263;;swaraj had requested nitish to follow the example of punjab, which was giving rs 20,000 each to families of the abducted per month.
;;0.34;;new delhi, april 1 (pti): an indian woman was allegedly asked to strip by security officials at frankfurt airport, prompting foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to seek a report from the indian consul-general.
;;0.0772;;raveesh - plz send me a report on this, sushmaswaraj tweeted today.
;;0.0;;in a letter received by india on friday, pakistan has said the visit may take place on december 25, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
;;0.25;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to jadhav's mother avantika and informed her of pakistan's readiness to facilitate the visit.
;;-0.5106;;sharif's special assistant on foreign affairs, tariq fatemi, had on august 22 held a meeting in islamabad with the envoys of all oic member states over the grave human rights violations in indian occupied kashmir, according to a statement from the pakistan foreign office.
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will lead the indian delegation to the unga this year.
;;0.2732;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had told parliament that it had been agreed that the media would not be given close access to the family.
;;0.0;;according to sushmaswaraj , jadhav's mother had told the pakistanis her bindi and mangalsutra were signs of her marital status and she had never removed them, but they did not relent.
;;0.8334;;but the meeting made clear that even keeping the comprehensive bilateral dialogue - agreed to when foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visited islamabad last december - just alive will not be easy.
;;0.0;;ghani is expected to meet president ram nath kovind, prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.5106;;african envoys, after earlier threatening to boycott the event, had attended following a series of assurances from singh and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;i have also asked shri amar sinha, secretary (economic relations) of my ministry to speak to chief secretary, telangana, and monitor this, sushmaswaraj tweeted.
;;-0.7003;;the tweets set off such an angry and abusive reaction on twitter that the woman, said to be a writer, had to seek the help of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and women and child development minister maneka gandhi.
;;0.0;;swaraj spoke to rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, who called up jaipur police commissioner sanjay agarwal.
;;0.2732;;31: prime minister narendra modi has overridden foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's outreach programme of sending senior ministers to countries yet to be visited by anyone from the current government.
;;0.0;;an order from the prime minister's office today said that those visiting these 68 nations would be junior ministers, rather than cabinet ministers and ministers of state with independent charge as sushmaswaraj had envisaged.
;;0.0;;sushma had in september written to all the senior ministers allotting each a minimum of two countries they had to visit before the year ended.
;;0.128;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj launched the study in india portal that provides all the information the foreign students need.
;;0.0772;;among union cabinet members, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj stands at a distant number two, when compared with modi, with 1.
;;0.0;;but during her recent visit to bangladesh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj reportedly toed a soft line on the land-swap deal with the bangladesh authorities.
;;0.0;;the proposal for visa-free entries to bangladesh nationals under the age of 18 and over the age of 65 came up during an inter-ministerial meeting convened by the ministry of external affairs and chaired by foreign secretary in new delhi on june 11.
;;0.0;;on friday, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj publicly sought an update from pakistan.
;;0.0323;;we have taken up this matter with government of pakistan and requested them for an update on both the indian nationals in pakistan,  sushmaswaraj wrote on micro-blogging site twitter today morning.
;;0.0;;potter couple arun and keshari pal on monday are in delhi to meet union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to claim geeta as their daughter, their niece and neighbour sulata pal told this paper on monday.
;;-0.5994;;we don't have any other demand from the government, they had assured us that our family members were safe, manjeet said, hours after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced in parliament that the 39 indians abducted in iraq's mosul had been killed.
;;-0.6705;;(pti)the 39the external affairs ministry has released the names of the 39 indians who were killed in iraq by the islamic state.
;;0.6808;;our special correspondentnew delhi: indians living in zimbabwe are safe, the external affairs ministry has said after a military takeover.
;;0.3612;;at night, minister sushmaswaraj swaraj repeated the reassurance.
;;0.34;;sushma, jaitleynew delhi, march 18: the bjp plans to move a privilege motion against prime minister manmohan singh, accusing him of misleading parliament with incorrect information in his statement on the 2008 trust vote today.
;;-0.296;;officially, no deals will be announced during rogozins visit, during which he will chair an inter-government commission with foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, and meet modi.
;;0.4939;;sushma, close to advani, was initially enthusiastic.
;;0.0;;new delhi, may 28: the din of bombs going off buries the sounds of dialogue, prime minister narendra modi told his pakistan counterpart during talks yesterday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said here on taking office today.
;;-0.296;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday said in the rajya sabha that there is no controversy regarding the rafale deal, except in the minds of opposition leaders.
;;0.0;;singhvi recalled the biting tweets of sushmaswaraj and smriti when they were in the opposition.
;;0.0;;egyptian president abdel fattah al sisi will be feted by president pranab mukherjee, vice-president hamid ansari, prime minister narendra modi and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during his three-day visit starting september 1, the foreign office said today.
;;0.3612;;sushma followed gadkari with a second visit to reinforce the importance india placed on sisi visiting new delhi for the africa meet.
;;-0.3291;;but while chinese foreign minister wang yi visited nay pyi taw in april - weeks after the new government there was sworn in, sushmaswaraj , who once had to postpone a visit because she was unwell, travelled there only in august, four months later.
;;-0.2498;;but indias ties with china --- described in september by foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj as marked by both co-operation and competition --- do not allow modi to visit beijing on a short trip without a detailed evaluation of how the trip may be viewed there.
;;0.4404;;our special correspondentnew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj dodged a potential bullet on monday with a quick apology to nepal for referring to the people who attended prime minister narendra modi's public meeting in janakpur earlier this month as indians.
;;0.1779;;nepal's foreign affairs ministry on tuesday put out a statement describing as unfortunate the reference made by sushmaswaraj about public participation at the civic felicitation programme held in honour of modi in janakpur on may 11.
;;-0.4215;;not just ordinary citizens, even politicians had criticised sushma.
;;-0.296;;nepali congress mp gagan thapa had tweeted: regrettable that india's external affairs minister @sushmaswaraj described janakpur's population that @narendramodi greeted as indians.
;;0.5324;;diplomacy apart, in tendering the apology sushmaswaraj stood out in the modi government that seldom acknowledges a mistake, let alone apologise for it.
;;-0.4215;;ramashankarpatna: family members of santosh kumar singh, one of the 39 indians whose murder in iraq external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj revealed in parliament on tuesday, rued that the government kept feeding them false hope for years.
;;-0.4215;;we met everyone right from the sp, the dm to officials of the external affairs ministry - but to no avail.
;;0.0;;jaihind, tweeted external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.3612;;a delegation led by l.k. advani and opposition leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj called on the president this morning and protested the governors extra-constitutional and confrontationist attitude towards the karnataka government and b.s. yeddyurappa since he was appointed chief minister.
;;0.0;;ramesh, deployed as an interlocutor to negotiate with the bjp, held meetings with l.k. advani, opposition leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, and rajya sabha mp m. venkaiah naidu, who is from andhra.
;;-0.0258;;the families of several victims questioned why external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had kept their hopes alive in vain.
;;0.4019;;we expected the external affairs minister to declare some help for us in the parliament.
;;0.0;;the families had learnt about the deaths from television after minister swaraj made a statement in the rajya sabha.
;;0.6908;;russian foreign minister sergei lavrov today called up his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj and thanked her for the efficient and expeditious assistance provided to the tourists.
;;0.0;;bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj requested president pranab mukherjee to start the process of removing ganguly.
;;0.2732;;we do not talk about potential agreements before they are signed, sanjay bhattacharyya, joint secretary (south) in the ministry of external affairs, said, when asked about abbotts comment.
;;0.0;;the australian leader will land in mumbai before travelling to the capital, where he will meet modi, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, president pranab mukherjee and vice-president hamid ansari on friday.
;;0.0;;current foreign minister sushmaswaraj , for instance, met every visiting prime minister and president over the past five years as leader of opposition in the lok sabha.
;;0.4767;;still, singh has respect for advanis stature and believes he has a sense of history and has been initiated into the responsibilities and complexities  something he feels cannot be said of sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, now the bjps leaders in parliament, sources said.
;;0.3818;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, during her trip to bangladesh in june this year, had assured the neighbouring country that new delhi was looking into the matter.
;;0.0;;burying its differences with the government, the opposition ceded the right to seek clarifications to foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's statement on the jadhav family meeting.
;;0.0;;sushma added that avanti had told the pakistanis that her bindi and mangalsutra were signs of her marital status and she had never removed them, but they did not relent.
;;0.1531;;but today it held a news conference, addressed jointly by opposition leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley and attended by several spokespersons, in his defence.
;;-0.296;;dismissing kejriwals charge as baseless, sushmaswaraj accused kejriwal and his associates of converting their news conference into an election rally.
;;-0.7549;;last year, trinamul had officially distanced itself from saugata's comments criticising foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in the lalit modi controversy, describing them as personal and stressing he wasn't a party spokesperson.
;;0.4767;;the meeting with bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj is significant, as the solution to the naga political problem needs the consensus of all major political parties in the country.
;;-0.4767;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today tweeted: i have asked for a report from government of uttar pradesh about the reported attack on african students in noida.
;;0.0;;on monday, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said the two countries were conducting a feasibility study on mamata's alternative proposal to provide water from three other rivers to bangladesh in place of the teesta.
;;-0.6908;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said if jadhav is executed, india would see it as a pre-meditated murder.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj speaks in the lok sabha in new delhi on wednesday, during the winter session of parliament.
;;0.0;;27 (pti): the government will make a statement in the lok sabha on thursday on the treatment meted out by pakistan to the family members of kulbhushan jadhav, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on wednesday.
;;-0.7717;;describing pakistan as hypocritical, trinamool congress leader saugata roy said the incident should be criticised and demanded that swaraj should speak on the issue.
;;0.0;;pakistan went so far as to have the mangal sutra, bangles and bindi of his mother and wife removed before they could meet him, the external affairs ministry had said on tuesday.
;;0.0;;modi will now likely speak at nepals parliament on august 4, though the ministry of external affairs has not yet confirmed the visit.
;;0.25;;koirala returned to kathmandu only last tuesday, and a visit by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to nepal that began yesterday would new delhi thought  give it a chance to gauge the possibility of modi visiting only in november, for a saarc summit.
;;0.0;;sushma, on her three-day trip, will meet koirala and leaders across nepals political spectrum, including maoist leader prachanda.
;;-0.5267;;sources said a team of senior monks met prime minister's office officials and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in delhi today and expressed concern about the threat.
;;0.0;;gurung and his delegation of gta members in delhi met union foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, road transport and highways minister nitin gadkari and tourism minister shripad yesso naik.
;;0.0;;goyal, the railway minister, will hold additional charge of finance and corporate affairs, filling in for jaitley, who underwent a kidney transplant on monday.
;;0.0;;referring to changes in the finance ministry, a rashtrapati bhavan communiqu said: during the period of indisposition of shri arun jaitley, minister, the portfolios of minister of finance and minister of corporate affairs held by him be temporarily assigned to shri piyush goyal in addition to his existing portfolios.
;;0.0;;the sources underscored that when foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj underwent a kidney transplant in december 2016, her ministry did not get a temporary replacement.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on the vietnamese president.
;;0.7096;;their discussions focused on steps to further strengthen country's comprehensive strategic partnership by expanding cooperation across all sectors, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
;;0.4019;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who has decided not to contest the lok sabha polls, heads a panel that will prepare party literature.
;;0.4019;;our special correspondentsherin mathewsnew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has requested women and child development minister maneka gandhi to investigate the adoption process of sherin mathews, the three-year-old whose body was found in a culvert in suburban dallas in the us.
;;-0.4019;;i have requested @manekagandhibjp minister for women and child development for a thorough investigation into the adoption process of baby saraswati @sherinmathews who has been killed by her foster father wesley mathews in united states, sushmaswaraj tweeted on friday evening.
;;-0.1531;;in a meeting with foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, maneka yesterday suggested that a committee be formed -comprising representatives from their ministries as well as that of home affairs - to deal with complaints made by women against nri husbands.
;;0.4215;;sushma new delhi (pti): the condition of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is improving fast and she will be discharged soon from aiims.
;;-0.3182;;swaraj, 64, was admitted to aiims on april 25 after she complained of congestion in the chest.
;;-0.296;;bs yeddyurappa had travelled northward to apologize to sushmaswaraj swaraj, who was mightily upset with him.
;;-0.6808;;but the cm stayed put in the state, infuriating swaraj further.
;;0.0;;of course, the rss meddled in the bjp's affairs.
;;-0.8074;;on thursday evening, pti, the news agency, quoted foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj as telling bjp women workers in ahmedabad that no pakistani soldier or citizen died in the air strikes in february.
;;-0.3182;;i beg external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to feel our pain and anguish and help me get back my husband, pleaded nafisa, holding her seven-year-old sons hand.
;;-0.6124;;those found guilty are jaswanti devi, the in-charge of the apna ghar shelter and the main accused, her daughter sushmaswaraj alias simmi, son-in-law jai bhagwan, brother jaswant, cousin sheela, driver satish, employee ram prakash saini, counsellor veena and acquaintance roshni.
;;0.0;;the us state department has dismissed speeches by both pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif and indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the un general assembly as rhetoric.
;;-0.34;;for instance, the union external affairs minister, sm krishna, tired of being tipped as a future governor, had this to say recently to a section of the press corps:  speculation is the exclusive prerogative of the ladies and gentlemen sitting before me.
;;-0.2235;;bjp spokespersons, shahnawaz hussain, rajiv pratap rudy and nirmala sitamani are miffed about the fact that sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley rarely miss an opportunity to interact with the media.
;;0.3818;;i asked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in parliament about the basis of her statement that they were all alive.
;;-0.2732;;as i was approaching the mea (ministry of external affairs) regularly with queries, sushmaswaraj swaraj blocked me on twitter.
;;0.3182;;file picturethe government has decided to convert jinnah house  the mute witness to partition talks  in mumbai into a hyderabad house-like facility that will give the external affairs ministry a prominent address in the financial capital to host heads of state for summit-level discussions and banquets.
;;0.2732;;reacting to reports that the external affairs ministry was in the process of acquiring possession of the european-style sprawling sea-facing bungalow built by jinnah in 1936, pakistan foreign office spokesperson mohammad faisal said: we have a long-standing claim on jinnah house, which has been accepted by india at the highest level.
;;0.4215;;earlier this month, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had informed the bjp mla from malabar hill, mangal prabhat lodha, that the prime ministers office had approved the transfer of jinnah house to the external affairs ministry for its development as a hyderabad house-like facility.
;;-0.6808;;bansal bailnew delhi (pti): a delhi court has extended interim bail till august 3 to graft accused director-general corporate affairs b.k. bansal to attend the last rites of his wife and daughter, who allegedly committed suicide.
;;0.0;;the decision has been taken at a meeting attended by sushmaswaraj swaraj and mahesh sharma among others.
;;0.0;;chief minister naveen patnaik and union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at a meeting with ambassadors and diplomats in delhi on thursday.
;;0.5106;;addressing the envoys, union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj lauded the state government's initiatives and appreciated the industry-friendly ecosystem available in odisha.
;;0.3612;;officials also said sushmaswaraj threw light on the abundance of natural resources and availability of skilled labour in the state.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, displaying her usual digital alertness, tweeted about a blast in a restaurant named bombay bhel in ontario in canada on friday.
;;0.0;;i am in constant touch with our consul-general in toronto and (the) indian high commissioner in canada, sushmaswaraj tweeted on friday morning.
;;0.0;;sushma may have been sticking to her brief, which is foreign affairs, but such nuances are usually not acknowledged in the take-no-prisoners world of social media.
;;0.4019;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will fly to seoul this weekend for annual talks on monday with her south korean counterpart yun byung-se that are expected to focus on enhancing trade ties and nudging the east asian nation to invest in smart cities in india.
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said during a meeting here that visa was one of the areas of concern for foreigners and indians living abroad.
;;0.5267;;new delhi, july 2: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs goodwill visit to dhaka has compelled the bjps assam unit to dilute its stand on the land boundary agreement.
;;-0.2263;;however, the rhetoric seemed to have disappeared after an 18-member bjp delegation from assam called on swaraj today.
;;0.3089;;the minister told us that india will not lose any land, gauhati mp bijoya chakravarty told reporters after a meeting with swaraj.
;;0.0;;the delegation, led by chakravarty and sports minister sarbananda sonowal, spoke to swaraj after her return from a three-day goodwill visit to dhaka.
;;0.0;;it was because of the assam unit that the bjp had acted ambivalently in parliament when former external affairs minister salman khurshid tried to introduce the constitution (119th amendment) bill last year.
;;0.4588;;17: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has asked ministry officials to hunt for permanent residences in mecca to house indian pilgrims, a move that has enthused sections of the muslim community otherwise wary of the new government.
;;0.6808;;sushma swaraj clearly appears someone who will not take anti-muslim positions, and that is good.
;;0.0;;the idea is to locate the rubats and diplomatically examine whether the property they are on can be retaken by india, said an official who was present at the meeting where sushmaswaraj made the proposal.
;;-0.3612;;sushma, though, has been trying to distance herself from any charges of anti-minority bias.
;;-0.7783;;last month, when some parliamentarians accused the narendra modi government of reacting slowly to the plight of indian nurses who were abducted in iraq, and questioned whether their religion  christianity  was a factor behind the delayed response, sushmaswaraj replied promptly.
;;0.0;;indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is currently in china attending the 16th russia-india-china foreign ministers' meeting in wuzhen.
;;-0.2732;;sushma swaraj, the external affairs minister, was a conspicuous absentee at rashtrapati bhavan.
;;0.0387;;but she tweeted early in the day: media: please avoid the headline: 'sushma skips oath ceremony'.
;;0.0;;a part of the bjps core committee, including sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, was present at the meeting.
;;0.0;;she is the younger sister of sushmaswaraj swaraj, the countrys external affairs minister.
;;0.0;;narendra modi and sushmaswaraj swaraj vandana, who has short hair, wears glasses and was dressed in a sari and jacket, looks a younger version of sushma.
;;0.0;;after assisting sushmaswaraj in her elections, she is now herself in the field from safidon, a backward region in the jat heartland of haryana, tucked in between panipat and jind.
;;0.0;;sushma has so far campaigned only for a day in her sisters constituency and addressed some meetings for other candidates.
;;0.6369;;people of haryana love sushmaji, she says.
;;0.3612;;it shows she is learning fast  trying to cash in on her family link with sushmaswaraj to attract the electorate.
;;0.2617;;there are whispers that he has patched up with vijay goel to brighten his chances, but here too, jaitley has run into trouble in the form of sushmaswaraj swaraj who is said to be keen on shifting base from vidisha to the capital.
;;0.6124;;the names of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan have emerged as the top contenders to succeed president pranab mukherjee, who will retire next month.
;;0.0516;;even the congress and the left parties will find it difficult to oppose sushmaji.
;;0.0;;kerry, who yesterday co-chaired the india-us strategic and commercial dialogue with indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, had to call off planned visits to a temple, mosque and gurdwara in cramped old delhi because of heavy rains.
;;-0.1027;;29: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today offered india's help to indonesia in the search for the missing airasia flight that disappeared off radars on sunday morning with 162 people on board.
;;-0.5267;;sushma, in seoul for meetings with south korea's leadership, wrote to her indonesian counterpart retno marsudi this morning saying she shares the anguish and anxiety of so many indonesian citizens and others.
;;0.6486;;russia and india today agreed to set up a joint study group to evaluate the feasibility of the free-trade agreement, after a four-hour meeting between foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and russian deputy prime minister dmitry rogozin here.
;;0.1531;;sushma, in her meeting with rogozin, also articulated indias concerns over russia selling fighter planes to pakistan, foreign ministry spokesperson syed akbaruddin hinted.
;;0.3321;;external affairs ministry officials, however, particularly flagged the significance of temples being allowed in islamic countries.
;;0.5859;;while oman has had a temple for two centuries, the uae will build its first one in a reflection of the commitment of its government to tolerance and diversity, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
;;-0.128;;the temple - according to mehul kumar, joint secretary (gulf) in the external affairs ministry - has been a long-standing demand of the indian community in the uae.
;;0.2732;;the visit to oman and the uae is being projected as an outreach to the extended neighbourhood that comes on the back of the india-asean commemorative summit in delhi last month and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's three-day visit to saudi arabia from tuesday.
;;0.0772;;a source close to him claimed that sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is seen as his protege and is expected to have a say in the appointment as foreign minister, was keen on the veteran helming the iccr, although there was no confirmation from sushmaswaraj or her aides.
;;0.3182;;the hostages' families had already accused the government of insensitivity, alleging foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had needlessly kept their hopes up since the 2014 abductions by suggesting without evidence that their loved ones were alive.
;;0.0;;the external affairs ministry had asked the families for details of their members who can be given jobs, etc.
;;0.6908;;our special correspondentwarm welcome: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shakes hands with guyanan counterpartcarl b. greenidge in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0772;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will visit kathmandu on thursday and is expected to meet the political leaders of that country as it awaits the swearing-in of the government following elections to all three levels - local bodies, provincial assemblies and the parliament.
;;0.0;;india's external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, visited israel in january 2016.
;;0.0;;hooda said foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj or andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu could have hosted ivanka but the prime minister's visit to hyderabad for the purpose raised several questions of propriety and protocol.
;;0.0;;when foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was hospitalised, sharif wished her a speedy recovery.
;;-0.5106;;the home ministry, headed by rajnath singh, today rejected a proposal for visas-on-arrival for select bangladeshi citizens, two days before foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj flies to dhaka on her maiden foreign trip.
;;-0.5106;;we rejected two of the proposals and sent our opinion to the ministry of external affairs today, a home ministry official said.
;;-0.296;;meghalaya chief minister mukul sangma inaugurates the passport seva kendra at lower lachumiere in shillong on friday in the presence of deputy chief minister in-charge, home, rowell lyngdoh, officials from the union ministry of external affairs and others.
;;0.8051;;14: union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today termed the northeast as strategically a very important region sharing borders with neighbouring countries and stressed the need to build infrastructure in the region right up to the border areas and improve connectivity to promote trade and investment.
;;0.4215;;the state has to generate not only internal trade with the other states in the region and the country as a whole but should also look at the prospect of external trade with neighbouring south asian nations, he said.
;;0.5719;;india's attempts yielded some success at the last nam summit in tehran in 2012, when the grouping clubbed self-determination with the obligation of countries not to interfere in other nations' internal affairs.
;;0.3182;;the latest nam declaration has triggered a fresh debate within the foreign policy establishment whether the government had erred in not sending either prime minister narendra modi or foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to the summit.
;;0.2263;;as union ministers harsimrat kaur badal and hardeep singh puri prepared to cross the attari-wagah border on foot, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in hyderabad in the morning that bilateral dialogue and kartarpur corridor are two different things.
;;0.0;;sushma ruled out indias participation in the saarc summit, which is yet to be scheduled but is to be held in pakistan as the 19th meeting, slated there for 2016, is still pending.
;;0.0;;three students from the school of historical studies and eight from the school of ecology and environment studies were present when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj formally inaugurated the varsity on friday.
;;-0.2732;;moscow, always sensitive to any new delhi-washington warmth, was left suspicious and uneasy late august when foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj pulled out of a trilateral dialogue with her veteran russian counterpart sergei lavrov and chinese foreign minister wang yi a day before the three were to meet in beijing.
;;0.0;;india communicated its concerns on the margins of a meeting today between nepals visiting foreign minister, mahendra bahadur pandey, and indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.128;;mahto, who formally inaugurated a two-day passport seva camp at jrd tata sports complex in the city, said he had met union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on july 28 to demand a passport seva kendra in jamshedpur.
;;0.0;;the ruling pakistan tehreek-e-insaf leader ramesh kumar vankwani met prime minister modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and minister of state for external affairs general v.k. singh.
;;0.1877;;he said he told swaraj that pakistan did not want any tension with india.
;;0.5423;;let peace prevail, vankwani told swaraj.
;;0.0;;he said that later on modis directive, swaraj held a 25-minute-long meeting.
;;0.0;;union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had invited the chief minister to the function and requested him to inaugurate the centre.
;;0.0;;jethmalani had yesterday written to gadkari, contesting a view jointly taken by opposition leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley on the appointment of new cbi chief ranjit sinha.
;;0.0;;sushma and jaitley, in a letter to prime minister manmohan singh, had alleged that sinha was appointed in haste to pre-empt a recommendation of the house panel on the lok pal bill to set up a collegium to choose the cbi head.
;;0.0;;10: late night on monday, as indian and pakistani guns boomed along the international border, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj sent out a message to her more than one million followers on micro-blogging site twitter.
;;-0.5859;;the foreign office  usually prompt to publicly slam pakistan over ceasefire violations  has on the other hand followed sushmaswaraj and did not even make public that it earlier this week summoned pakistans deputy high commissioner to register indias protest.
;;-0.7579;;the ministry of external affairs only broke its silence on the tension today, five days after the firing first led to indian civilian deaths.
;;-0.7096;;addressing the media with his lok sabha counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj, the rajya sabha opposition leader said the perceived lack of the upas stability was because of the lack of leadership and the lack of credibility in the government and the congress.
;;-0.1779;;sushma alluded to the perceived differences between p. chidambaram and pranab mukherjee, saying the congress can make the two ministers shake hands and make up.
;;-0.296;;theres no gainsaying politics is an unpredictable affair; gadkari may only be counting upon it to be more so in the run-up to 2019.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj, the new external affairs minister, was with modi in each of the back-to-back talks the prime minister had with the leaders of the saarc nations and mauritius.
;;0.1531;;(pti) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who has had a kidney transplant last year, has not been attending office or meeting foreign dignitaries since november.
;;0.5709;;new delhi, june 27: newly elected rajya sabha mp misa bharti has warmed to sushmaswaraj swaraj after initially taking a dig at the external affairs minister for being apparently sidelined by the prime minister, describing her as most competent in a tweet.
;;0.4588;;the young rjd mp's comment elicited a response from sushma: welcome to rajya sabha @misabharti.
;;0.7506;;i am happy you are interested in foreign affairs.
;;-0.296;;congress leader digvijaya singh too has in the past accused modi of sidelining sushmaswaraj , who had once opposed modi's anointment as the face of the bjp's 2014 poll campaign.
;;0.5106;;sushma still enjoys the goodwill of several senior diplomats, and stripped of any major policy-making role, has tried to carve a niche for herself as a diplomatic trouble-shooter - where allowed by the prime minister.
;;0.0;;whenever modi's policy towards pakistan has hit a wall, the government fronted sushmaswaraj to defend its approach and offer islamabad a public olive branch.
;;0.0;;bharti posted a picture of her along with sushmaswaraj and said: @sushmaswaraj plenty 2 learn frm ur exp & statesmanly conduct.
;;-0.5256;;taking strong exception to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's argument that india had no objection to pakistan's entry into the nsg, chavan said: it is absolutely shocking.
;;0.34;;at a media conference, opposition leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley summed up their stand as a battle for safeguarding the economic resources for a larger public good.
;;-0.5719;;sushma and jaitley recalled that when the former nda government was hit by the petrol pump allotment scam that implicated rss and bjp members, atal bihari vajpayee had revoked the allocations in one stroke.
;;0.0;;it was decided to finalise protocols related to transport and transit, ports, customs procedures and consular affairs, a joint statement issued after the meeting said.
;;0.0;;ahead of the inauguration, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had met her iranian counterpart, javed zarif, in tehran on saturday.
;;0.0;;sushma had made a stopover at tehran on her return from the russian city of sochi, where she had attended the annual summit of the shanghai cooperation organisation.
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is scheduled to address the un general assembly on september 26.
;;0.0;;thambidurai mainly worked on the bjp through lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj and l.k. advani.
;;0.0772;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj promised talati's family all help and said the indian embassy in the us had been informed about the circumstances leading to his death.
;;0.0;;however, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj did not even raise the issue during her recent visit to bangladesh, bora said.
;;0.6908;;ramesh m. singru, who taught in iit kanpur from 1966 to 1995, said pensioners had started hoping for better times after foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's september 2017 speech at the un.
;;-0.5423;;there are no contradictions between sushmaji and jaitleyji on this, he insisted.
;;0.7096;;however, the differences between the opposition leaders  whose aides lately claimed that they functioned in complete unison  surfaced on march 4 when sushmaswaraj used her twitter account to say that she appreciated singhs statement accepting responsibility for the cvcs appointment shortly after he spoke to the lok sabha.
;;-0.296;;that sushmaswaraj would no longer be the public face of the bjps cvc-prime minister discourse was apparent in yet another way today.
;;0.0;;ironically, sushmaswaraj , whose official and recorded dissent to the government had catalysed political opinion against thomas, did not utter a word on it.
;;0.0;;on the agenda of monday's meeting between wang yi and sushmaswaraj swaraj, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said: we expect to discuss all bilateral issues.
;;0.4588;;sushma will also have a bilateral engagement with her russian counterpart sergey lavrov.
;;0.3612;;sushma is reportedly keen to shift to bhopal from vidisha while uma bharti, now an mla in uttar pradesh, wants to return to madhya pradesh via a lok sabha contest.
;;0.0;;jaitley, who along with swaraj was sent to punjab last night from jammu airport, said before the arrest that bjp workers were determined to hoist the flag at lal chowk.
;;-0.5563;;swaraj added that she was very angry at the way they were treated by the government.
;;0.0;;14: an indian air force helicopter carrying union external affairs and overseas affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her deputy gen.
;;0.0;;swaraj was to inaugurate the much-awaited passport office at noon and thereafter address a function arranged at the state convention centre here.
;;0.0;;since the union minister could not make it, chief minister mukul sangma inaugurated the passport office in the presence of some officials from the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.0;;in fact, the state government had geared up for the inauguration of the passport office by swaraj.
;;-0.6705;;the tensions between india and china over new delhi's bid for nsg membership received a fresh spark later in the afternoon when foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj questioned beijing's attitude to terrorism.
;;0.0;;accompanied by us commerce secretary penny pritzker, kerry will meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and officials from multiple indian ministries tomorrow afternoon for almost four hours of talks that are the centrepiece of his visit.
;;0.4215;;in the morning, kerry will meet national security adviser ajit doval and defence and finance minister arun jaitley, and later in the evening, will meet sushmaswaraj again over dinner before visiting prime minister narendra modi at his residence on friday morning.
;;-0.9403;;kerry, in his conversations with sushmaswaraj , jaitley and doval, is expected to discuss the political crisis in afghanistan where two presidential candidates are locked in an electoral counting dispute, tensions in east asia, the war in gaza and possibly the wests confrontation with russia over ukraine.
;;-0.1531;;pritzker is expected to ask india to lower import duties on chicken legs  a move the indian ministry of external affairs is not averse to, but that the commerce ministry has so far opposed.
;;-0.0772;;but just because that delay cannot be undone, the efforts of the external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, of indian embassy officials in iraq and of the officials of that country as well should not be undervalued.
;;-0.5106;;judith brother the brother of judith d'souza, the aid worker from calcutta who was abducted in afghanistan on june 9, met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday.
;;-0.6202;;officially, the external affairs ministry suspended her because she made a flurry of statements over the past two weeks, mainly to the television media, something diplomats and bureaucrats are not allowed to do without securing clearances.
;;-0.5106;;the diplomat, who was posted here as a director at the development partnership administration -- the foreign aid arm of the external affairs ministry - is also under investigation for failing to disclose that her daughters held both indian and us citizenship.
;;-0.3182;;early this week, foreign secretary sujatha singh had informally decided, in consultation with foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the prime minister's office, to suspend her.
;;0.0;;i had a meeting with sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley yesterday.
;;0.0;;new delhi, july 31: us secretary of state john kerry tried some last-minute fire-fighting to get india on board for a wto deal in geneva during his meetings here today with indian finance minister arun jaitley and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.6068;;the comment by external affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is not only surprising but also worrisome.
;;-0.3818;;however, choudhary added: sushmaswaraj has made a mockery of the devastating situation which bihar faced by giving the unnecessary credit to the prime minister.
;;0.0;;choudhary added that sushmaswaraj has come out with such comment to cover modi, who hardly took any concrete steps on the flood issue during his nepal visit.
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj later met netanyahu and had delegation-level talks with the visitors.
;;0.1027;;finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and defence minister nirmala sitharaman were present at the meeting.
;;-0.4215;;a national executive member, close to the rss, said he was unhappy with lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj readily associating the bjp with the prime ministers statement on the hazare episode this morning.
;;0.0;;he wondered why the usually combative sushmaswaraj allowed manmohan singh to get away with his dare to the bjp to nail him on personal corruption.
;;-0.7351;;but as the upa governments watchman, he slept through the 2g, cwg and other big scams and this point was not made by sushmaswaraj , he said.
;;0.2944;;gadkaris letter said sushmaswaraj had demanded that the government withdraw its lokpal bill and supplant it with a more powerful one.
;;0.0;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has requested women and child development minister maneka gandhi to probe the adoption process of three-year-old sherin mathews, whose body was found in a culvert in suburban dallas in the us.
;;0.0;;after baby saraswati @ sherin mathews's case, have requested minister for women and child development for a thorough investigation into the adoption process, sushmaswaraj tweeted.
;;-0.6249;;bihar deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi on friday spoke to swaraj, urging her to bring changes in the law allowing adoption of indian children by foreigners, and demanded strict punishment for sherin's adoptive father.
;;0.34;;former jammu and kashmir chief minister omar abdullah on monday asked foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj or national security adviser ajit doval to put bondeviks trip in the correct context.
;;0.0;;union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj, her chinesecounterpart wang yi (r) and russian foreign minister sergey lavrovjoin hands afer the russia-india-china foreign ministerial joint pressconference at jawahar lal nehru bhawan in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;lavrov was speaking here after a three-way meeting with chinese foreign minister wang yi and indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at which, he said, india's reservations over the chinese project were discussed.
;;-0.4215;;the comments by russia, india's former cold war ally, reflected the differences within the trilateral grouping formed 15 years ago to challenge us-led dominance of global affairs.
;;-0.4588;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had earlier this week spoken with uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath to seek action against those accused of assaulting the nigerian nationals in greater noida.
;;0.1779;;today, sushmaswaraj iterated a commitment to ensuring an unbiased probe into the attacks.
;;-0.9428;;islamabad: pakistan said on saturday that its high commissioner met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, but dismissed as speculative media reports that the two discussed kulbhushan jadhav, the indian naval officer sentenced to death in the neighbouring country on the charges of espionage and terrorism.
;;0.0;;he added the meeting was held in a cordial and constructive atmosphere and that sushmaswaraj and mahmood took stock of the current state of pakistan-india relations.
;;-0.6705;;arnab gangulychandigarh: the 24th name on the official list released by the external affairs ministry of those killed in iraq by the islamic state is that of balbir chand.
;;0.0;;on tuesday evening, (hours after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced in parliament that all 39 indians taken hostage by the is in mosul in 2014 were dead), a police officer came to our home and told us we would receive a message.
;;-0.7096;;last september, the ministry of external affairs had ordered dna tests to confirm the identities of the bodies found in a mass grave near the iraqi village of badush, about 10km from a construction site from where the 39 men were abducted.
;;0.4939;;punjab chief minister amarinder singh spoke to junior external affairs minister v.k. singh to enquire about the arrangements being made to bring back the mortal remains to punjab and hand them over to the families.
;;0.5719;;reacting to the kashmir resolutions, the external affairs ministry spokesperson too chose to focus on the uaes gesture of offering guest of honour status to minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.128;;8: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today pitched her governments tough articulation of indian interests with the us, pakistan and china as a leitmotif marking a difference with the previous congress administration, choosing words rare in new delhis recent diplomatic history.
;;0.0;;but sushmaswaraj , in her first interaction with journalists more than three months after taking over, also left enough wiggle room for bonhomie in the not-too-distant future with the three nations that most occupy indias foreign policy mind-space.
;;0.0;;asked whether prime minister narendra modis scheduled meeting on september 30 with barack obama would mark a departure in indias diplomatic approach towards washington, sushmaswaraj picked words unusual for a major, upcoming visit.
;;0.8225;;before that, sushmaswaraj detailed the tough stance the modi government had already taken with the us, pakistan and china, but said she expected to succeed in striking pacts with these countries that would help them and india.
;;0.4588;;today, sushmaswaraj highlighted what she insisted were the key achievements of modi and the foreign office in indias engagement with the world.
;;0.3818;;ahead of modis visit to the us, sushmaswaraj laid out clear goalposts she insisted india would not shift on.
;;0.0258;;his family members then approached silchar mp sushmita dev, who took up the matter with union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;laskar returned home on july 19 following the intervention of union ministry of external affairs.
;;0.0;;his wife sushmaswaraj , who turned 80 recently, talks about her husband's extensive and frequent travels.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj, who stood against the congress president from bellary in 1999, makes it a point to mention it in her twitter profile, adding she polled 3,58,000 votes in 12 days.
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and human resource development minister prakash javadekar released the book.
;;0.0;;18: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj would formally inaugurate the nalanda university in rajgir tomorrow in the attendance of the representatives of the seven participating nations in a brief function, a little over a fortnight after its classes started.
;;0.0258;;sushma would reach jayaprakash narayan international airport here around 11am and fly to rajgir in a chopper.
;;0.0;;sushma would start for patna around 3pm.
;;0.0;;syed akbaruddin, the official spokesperson and the joint secretary at ministry of external affairs ministry, said: the minister has a busy schedule on friday because bangladesh foreign minister abul hassan mahmood ali would visit new delhi the same day.
;;0.0258;;our special correspondentnew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday reached out to indian students in milan amid reports of a couple of them being attacked over the past fortnight.
;;-0.4767;;keeping up her twitter diplomacy, swaraj tweeted: attack on indian students in milan: i have got the detailed report.
;;0.296;;our special correspondentshashi tharoorsushma swarajnew delhi: shashi tharoor on wednesday asked parliament why future foreign ministers and prime ministers who may be from tamil nadu or bengal should be condemned to speak hindi, questioning external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's push for making hindi an official language at the united nations.
;;-0.3612;;this was met with a curt reply from sushma: this shows your ignorance.
;;0.3612;;the congress mp and former un official had intervened during question hour after sushmaswaraj said the government was ready to spend any amount to make hindi an official language at the un.
;;0.0;;tharoor had interjected after sushmaswaraj had replied to a question from two bjp members about steps the government had taken to get hindi recognised as the official language at the un.
;;0.4588;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had taken up the issue with her chinese counterpart in the first post-doklam engagement at the foreign minister level on december 11 amid concerns that the siang's turbidity could be the fallout of construction activities upstream in china.
;;0.6486;;new delhi, july 22: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will this weekend fly to nepal with a plane-load of promises rooted in prime minister narendra modis desire to reassert indias clout in its neighbourhood.
;;-0.6652;;but if sushmaswaraj , who will be in nepal on july 26-27, does indicate to her hosts that modi may visit only in november, it will likely leave the government of nepal prime minister sushil koirala disappointed.
;;0.1779;;sushma will also assure her hosts that india will expedite its delivery on a series of infrastructure and services-related projects that are ongoing but have been blighted by serial delays.
;;-0.8957;;the indian external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, had hit back by accusing nawaz sharif of advancing the despicable design of destabilizing south asia by exporting dirty money and dangerous terrorists.
;;-0.875;;sharif's adviser on foreign affairs, sartaj aziz, also suggested that india cannot suppress the voice of kashmiris - who are struggling for their just right of self-determination by using brutal force and committing human rights violations in the occupied kashmir.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj in the lok sabha on thursday.
;;-0.7351;;(pti) new delhi, july 17: rajya sabha chairman hamid ansari today rejected the request of foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to de-list a debate on the gaza attacks from the agenda of the house.
;;-0.25;;yesterday, after the list of business included a short-duration discussion on the violence in gaza, sushmaswaraj had written to the chairman, drawing his attention to rules relating to conditions of admissibility of motions on matters of public interest.
;;0.3818;;today, ansari said he found the rules quoted by sushmaswaraj relate to motions on matters of public importance and not to the short-duration discussion that was listed.
;;0.0;;the cpi's d. raja referred to foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's call to declare the gita a national scripture.
;;0.0;;sonia (left) and sushmaswaraj new delhi, sept.
;;0.0516;;at an all-party meeting called by union home minister rajnath singh, the entire opposition extended support to the centre for the strikes and for any future action, information and broadcasting minister m. venkaiah naidu told reporters prime minister narendra modi had earlier called up his predecessor manmohan singh to inform him of the development, while external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visited sonia's home to brief her.
;;-0.4404;;journalist-turned-politician m.j. akbar today took office at south block as minister of state for external affairs, receiving a bouquet of red and white roses from foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4588;;a welcome addition to ministry of external affairs, foreign ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
;;0.0;;through the upa's 10 years, kerala leader e. ahamed was one of two junior ministers for external affairs.
;;-0.34;;sushma is yet to recover fully from a bout of pneumonia she suffered in april, and if her health remains fragile, akbar is also expected to undertake important diplomatic visits on her behalf.
;;-0.6808;;earlier, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said she had received confirmation that no indians were hurt.
;;0.0;;i have spoken to our ambassador in france, shri mohan kumar, sushmaswaraj tweeted.
;;0.0;;then, he met foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;the foreign office has procured 360 copies of chander's book on mookerjee to stock india's diplomatic missions across the world, after a meeting between sushmaswaraj and chander this past summer, officials familiar with the purchase have confirmed to the telegraph.
;;0.4215;;they were purchased after a book vetting society within the ministry of external affairs approved their procurement this year during an annual exercise in july just after sushmaswaraj met chander, the officials said.
;;-0.5574;;his comments prodded modi's hospitalised foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to turn to her favourite weapon, micro-blogging site twitter, to fire back at chandy.
;;0.0;;mr chandy - we evacuated thousands of indians from kerala from iraq, libya and yemen, swaraj wrote.
;;-0.0258;;in the political drama that unfolded between kerala and a hospital room in the all india institute of medical sciences where swaraj is recovering from pneumonia, the foreign minister made sure she emphasised the financial costs of bringing evacuees back, in three quick fire posts.
;;-0.296;;sources said congress leaders pranab mukherjee and pawan kumar bansal are in talks with sushmaswaraj swaraj, the lok sabha leader of opposition, to avoid such a scenario.
;;-0.296;;new delhi: an oil tanker with 22 indians on board that was reported missing off the coast of benin in west africa on february 1 has been found, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on tuesday.
;;0.5719;;i am happy to inform that merchant ship marine express with 22 indian nationals on board has been released, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.8074;;the external affairs minister thanked the governments of nigeria and benin for their help and support.
;;-0.296;;sushma had spoken to her nigerian counterpart on monday to seek assistance in tracing the missing oil tanker.
