;;0.4019;;asserting that india and the u.s. are engaging on a number of levels, kohli said tuesday's joint statement press conference by kerry and his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj also focussed on pakistans role.
;;-0.9231;;speaking after conclusion of the second us-india strategic dialogue in new delhi with visiting u.s. secretary of state john kerry, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj yesterday said both countries also renewed their commitment to track down and prosecute perpetrators of several terrorist attacks on indian soil, including the 2008 strike in mumbai and a january 2016 attack on the pathankot air force base.
;;0.4404;;by ptibeijing: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today met her chinese counterpart wang yi and discussed a host of bilateral issues and ways to step up the pace of high-level interactions to improve the relationship.
;;0.0;;swaraj arrived here yesterday on a four-day visit to take part in the foreign ministers' meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco).
;;0.4019;;in her initial remarks, swaraj congratulated wang on being elevated as state councillor and appointed the special representative for the india-china boundary talks.
;;0.7096;;swaraj and wang are meeting in the immediate backdrop of the recent meeting between national security advisor ajit doval and top official of the ruling communist party of china (cpc) yang jiechi in shanghai.
;;0.5859;;this development comes after ministry of external affairs (mea) yesterday clarified that no assurances between two countries took place and added that the marines would remain under the jurisdiction of supreme court of india.
;;0.2263;;during meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her italian counterpart paolo gentiloni held on september 4 in rome, italy reportedly, urged india to allow the two marines to stay back home.
;;-0.8957;;new delhi: an indian student, who was allegedly brutally assaulted in poland and was claimed to have died, has survived the attack, according to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.8658;;co/uo9hj171ab  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 31, 2017swaraj sought a report from the envoy after she was approached by a netizen who informed her about a news item in polish media regarding the death of an indian student after being severely beaten up.
;;-0.4588;;co/pjdlfpv6vo  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 31, 2017bisaria had earlier tweeted, prelim enquiry suggests student attacked in poznan tram on wed.
;;0.3919;;but the congress has agreed to be part of the official delegation led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on him in the evening, and during the meeting sisi described ties between egypt and india as old and very resilient.
;;0.0;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will hold a high-level meeting with her sri lankan counterpart mangala samarweera in new delhi today to sort out the fishermen issue.
;;-0.7579;;in the first high level visit from pakistan since the pathankot terror attack, its prime ministers advisor on foreign affairs sartaz aziz will be arriving in india to attend the conference in amritsar in the first week of december.
;;0.0;;we have received an official confirmation from pakistan that aziz would be attending the heart of asia conference on afghanistan, ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup said.
;;-0.25;;it remains unclear so far if azizs counterpart external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will be attending the conference as she has been unwell.
;;-0.5734;;this is completely not true, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said about trump's charges he made while announcing the us exit from the paris deal last week.
;;0.6369;;by ptinew delhi: asserting that every issue raised by the congress on rafale deal has been clarified by the supreme court, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday said in rajya sabha that there is no controversy in the matter, except in minds of the opposition party leaders.
;;0.5267;;wahiuddin also urged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and embassy of india in somalia to intervene in the matter and rescue his sister and her children.
;;-0.4215;;by iansjust a few hours before she collapsed and died, former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had tweeted her thanks to prime minister narendra modi for revoking article 370 on jammu and kashmir.
;;0.1027;;sushma, who died aged 67, tweeted her condolences on congress leader sheila dikshit's death on july 20, writing that though they were opponents in politics, but were friends in personal life.
;;0.5994;;in fact when one troll told her, that like sheila dikshit, she too would be remembered after her death, sushmaswaraj took it sportingly, tweeting back: i thank you in anticipation for this kind thought.
;;0.0;;though she was overshadowed by prime minister narendra modi, who undertook the major trips and diplomatic dealings during her tenure as external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj did not retire into the shadows.
;;0.3182;;read here | former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj passes away at 67 after heart attackshe would respond to every appeal for assistance, and make sure the indian missions responded to the requests.
;;0.7506;;in this way she gave the human touch to the ministry of external affairs, and won millions of admirers across the world, including many in pakistan.
;;0.0;;many pakistani patients would appeal to her for medical visas via twitter, and sushmaswaraj would try to accommodate their requests.
;;0.2263;;as leader of opposition in the 15th lok sabha, sushmaswaraj was a formidable and compelling speaker.
;;0.7269;;former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file, eps)in 2013, when manmohan singh used an urdu couplet to hit out at the opposition bharatiya janata party, sushmaswaraj swaraj responded in kind.
;;0.2235;;retorting, sushmaswaraj narrated a verse of hindi poet bashir badr: kuch to majbooriya rahi hongi yun koi bewafa nahi hota (there must have been some compulsions, one is not disloyal for no reason at all).
;;0.4767;;sushma, who was always attired in wide-bordered saris and donned a trademark big red bindi and sindoor, had carved a niche in the bjp through effective presentation of her views both inside and outside parliament.
;;-0.4939;;following the 2004 elections when the congress was set to form the government and the name of italian-born sonia gandhi was being touted as likely prime minister, sushmaswaraj threatened to shave her head, wear a white saree and eat groundnuts (symbolical of mourning) if sonia became prime minister.
;;0.6369;;read here | glorious chapter in politics ends, pm modi on sushmaswaraj swaraj's deathmarried to swaraj kaushal, a former mizoram governor, sushmaswaraj had contested against sonia in bellary (karnataka) during the 1999 lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;7 per cent of the vote, sushmaswaraj was not too far behind with 44.
;;0.1027;;though she lost the polls, sushmaswaraj moved up the party ladder.
;;0.0;;born on february 14, 1952 at ambala cantonment, sushmaswaraj earned a b.a. degree in political science.
;;0.0;;sushma left the union cabinet from october-december 1998 to serve as the first woman chief minister of delhi.
;;-0.1779;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and minister of europe and foreign affairs of france, jean-yves le drian, shake hands after a joint press meet in delhi | ptisushma returned to parliament in april 2000 as a rajya sabha member from uttarakhand.
;;0.0;;she was also made the minister of health and family welfare, and held the post of minister of parliamentary affairs.
;;-0.0516;;in late 2005, speculation was high that sushmaswaraj was one of the top contenders to be bjp president after l.k. advani resigned.
;;0.5719;;in 2009, sushmaswaraj won the election to the 15th lok sabha from vidisha in madhya pradesh, by a record margin of 3.
;;0.0;;she was made deputy leader of the opposition in june 2009 in the lok sabha, and in december that year sushmaswaraj became the first woman leader of the opposition when she replaced advani.
;;-0.5106;;by aninew delhi: five indian sailors posted in nigeria have been abducted by pirates, confirmed external minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.5859;;i have seen news reports about abduction of five indian sailors by pirates in nigeria, tweeted swaraj on monday.
;;-0.2023;;by aninew delhi: condolences continued to pour in from world dignitaries for former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who breathed her last due to cardiac arrest on tuesday night.
;;0.3612;;bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina paid tributes to swaraj and extended sympathy to her family.
;;0.0;;my deepest condolences to the government and the people of india on the passing of former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;on tuesday, the president will be meeting prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;in a briefing ahead of her visit, the ministry of external affairs joint secretary (north) sudhakar dalela said: a high-level delegation comprising ministers, mps and senior officials will be accompanying her.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted yesterday that the indian consulate here has spoken to the father of the deceased in massachusetts.
;;0.7003;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, defence and finance minister arun jaitley, home minister rajnath singh, railway minister suresh prabhu and minister of state for petroleum and natural gas dharmendra pradhan will also call on the visiting dignitary, who is a person of indian origin.
;;-0.8225;;tumakuru: a businessman hailing from turuvekere in tumakuru district, who was mistaken for a criminal and detained in saudi arabia, was released on thursday evening following the intervention of the external affairs ministry.
;;0.0;;nayazs family approached the office of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj through tumakuru lok sabha member s p muddahanume gowda on may 22.
;;0.2263;;chandigarh: the delhi sikh gurdwara management committee (dsgmc) on tuesday took up the issue of the shooting of a sikh at kent near seattle in us recently with union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and us ambassador to india richard verma and urged them to expedite steps to ensure stopping of racial attacks and discrimination against the sikhs in united states.
;;-0.9344;;in separate letters written to sushmaswaraj swaraj and us ambassador richard verma, the general secretary of the dsgmc manjinder singh sirsa expressed serious concern over the attacks on sikhs in the us and said that it is very shameful and shocking that killings of sikhs in the us over the past decade is continuing unabated.
;;-0.891;;sirsa said that though swaraj had been taking up issues keeping in mind feelings of the sikh community, the incidence of discrimination against sikhs by causing hurt, injury and sometimes killing is being repeated.
;;-0.7351;;sirsa also reminded the external affairs minister and us ambassador of the incidents that occurred in the recent past, including a firing incident that occurred in 2012 at gurdwara sahib wisconsin where an accused namely wade michael page shot six sikhs and wounded four others; discrimination against waris ahluwalia, a sikh american actor who was barred from boarding aero mexico flight from mexico after he refused to remove his turban and an incident of a indo-canadian sikh comedian jasmeet singh who was forced to remove his turban at us airport and later barred from boarding a flight to mexico.
;;-0.9052;;but indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj effectively finished off the pakistani rhetoric saying in her un speech that islamabad should stop state sponsorship of terrorism and human rights abuses on the people of balochistan province in pakistan.
;;0.5719;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had also sought the report on the issue of asthari from the rayagada administration, but later expressed inability to help the charity worker due to the sdjm court order.
;;-0.743;;read | pakistan expected surgical strike in pok, had no clue iaf would attack deep insideexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj briefed the leaders, who included cpi(m)'s sitaram yechury, tmc's derek o'brian, omar abdullah of national conference and bhartruhari mahtab from bjd, on the air strike carried out in the early hours.
;;0.5994;;union ministers rajnath singh and arun jaitley, both members of the cabinet committee on security like swaraj, were also present in the meeting.
;;0.3182;;mahmood ali requests sushmaswaraj swaraj to speak to london embassyhome minister mohammed mahmood ali requested union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to speak to london embassy regarding granting visa to ayesha sultana, mother-in-law of mohammed nadeemuddin.
;;0.0;;the wife of the deceased is eight months pregnant, the home minister informed sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.296;;munde, a bjp mp from beed and former deputy chief minister of maharashtra during the first stint of sena-bjp government in 1995-1999, was appointed as deputy leader of lower house in 2009 in place of sushmaswaraj swaraj who was elevated as leader of opposition.
;;0.8074;;sushma swaraj also persuaded munde from leaving the party, the ncp politician said, adding the bjp leaders like devendra fadnavis (current chief minister), vinod tawde and sudhir mungantiwar worked to ensure no mla quit the party with munde.
;;0.0;;by ptidubai: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will inaugurate a digital museum in abu dhabi showcasing the life, works and philosophy of mahatma gandhi and the founder of modern uae shaikh zayed.
;;0.0;;the announcement of the proposed digital museum was made in new delhi by swaraj and her uae counterpart during the latter's visit in july 2018.
;;0.8834;;also read: mea sushmaswaraj swaraj calls on saudi crown prince mohammed bin salman, focus on expanding strategic tiesthe joint statement said the saudi crown prince stressed that dialogue is the only way to ensure peace and stability in the region to resolve outstanding issues between india and pakistan.
;;0.4588;;earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met the crown prince and discussed ways to add further momentum to the strategic ties between the two nations besides deepening engagement in areas of trade and investment.
;;0.4215;;discussed adding momentum to strategic dimension of our relationship in various fields - from trade & investment to defence & security, and regional cooperation, the external affairs ministry spokesperson tweeted.
;;-0.0516;;according to the ministry of external affairs, the crown prince will leave new delhi around 11.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is leading a 12-member delegation to attend the function.
;;-0.7579;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj last week said fighting the global scourge of terrorism is a central part of india's diplomatic engagements with pakistan.
;;0.0;;the maestro took to twitter to reveal the news and expressed his displeasure in a series of tweets tagging his message to the external affairs ministry and minster sushmaswaraj swaraj, the high commission of india in london and the british high commission in india.
;;0.0;;by aninew delhi: rahul gandhi on wednesday wrote a letter to swaraj kaushal, husband of former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, condoling the demise of the bjp stalwart.
;;0.8689;;in her stint as the external affairs minister, her responsiveness and compassion for people in need, won her the respect of people around the world.
;;-0.6705;;swaraj breathed her last on tuesday night at the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) after suffering a cardiac arrest.
;;0.0;;swaraj was the foreign minister in the first term of the modi government in 2014.
;;0.3818;;responding to a question on faisal's remarks, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar, during a media briefing here, said prime minister narendra modi had made india's stand clear on the issue.
;;0.0;;asked about punjab chief minister amarinder singh writing to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the issue, he said he would have to look at the contents of the letter and then could comment on it.
;;0.0;;the gang members made calls to politicians from across the country including former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, congress senior leader ghulam nabi azad, former mp from anantapur jc diwakar reddy and parliamentarians and mlas.
;;0.5267;;by ptinew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said abu dhabi declaring hindi as one of the official languages in its courts will make the justice delivery system simpler and more accessible to indian expatriates in that country.
;;0.3818;;karimnagar: karimnagar lok sabha mp b vinod kumar today appealed to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to ensure the release of indians languishing in various prisons in saudi arabia.
;;0.5106;;by ptinew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday sought a report over the reported denial of visa extension to a german padma shri awardee who has threatened to return her award over the issue.
;;0.4404;;reacting to the media report, swaraj tweeted: thanks for bringing this to my notice.
;;0.6369;;swaraj, in another tweet, also assured help to another woman who appealed to her after her husband and son's passports were robbed from airport in barcelona, spain.
;;0.0;;on saturday, qureshi extended an invitation to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, punjab chief minister amarinder singh and state minister navjot singh sidhu to attend the ceremony at kartarpur on november 28.
;;-0.6705;;new delhi: kidney has no religious labels, this is what external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, undergoing treatment for renal failure, tweeted while thanking a muslim man who offered her his kidney.
;;-0.5106;;64-year-old swaraj has been offered kidneys by scores of people since wednesday when she said on twitter that she was in hospital due to kidney failure and was undergoing tests for a transplant.
;;0.3612;;another muslim nyamath ali shaik also offered his kidney to swaraj saying he was ready to donate his kidney, if need be.
;;0.9081;;swaraj also exuded confidence of being able to come out of the health condition with good wishes of people and blessings of god.
;;0.0258;;also, amarinder wrote a demi-official letter requesting external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to take up the matter with pakistan.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj speaks in the rajya sabha in new delhi on monday.
;;0.3182;;(pti)new delhi: cautioning pakistan of consequences in bilateral relationship, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that india will go out of the way to save kulbhushan jadhav who has been awarded death sentence by pakistan in an alleged espionage case.
;;0.3612;;swaraj assured the house that jadhav is the son of india and government will go out of way to do anything for his release.
;;-0.5574;;union minister for home affairs slammed pakistan for ignoring all norms of law and justice, after members cutting across party lines condemned death sentence to an indian citizen kulbhushan jadhav.
;;0.4019;;incidentally, the issue witnessed a bipartisan house, with swaraj soliciting the help of the congress mp shashi tharoor to draft the resolution.
;;0.743;;external affiars minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in the rajya sabha that saudi arabia had agreed to provide free medical facility and food to the indian workers stranded in camps and allow those eligible to seek re-employment with other companies.
;;0.0;;swaraj, while making a suo moto statement, said her colleague and minister of state for external affairs v k singh was camping in saudi arabia since tuesday evening and would return after formalising the arrangements for the indian workers.
;;0.0;;the bangladesh prime minister met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday at the rashtrapati bhawan.
;;0.0;;new delhi: it was, as foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, a meeting of two mothers.
;;0.0;;questions were not asked at the conference organised by the ministry of external affairs, so the details of her story were often hazy.
;;-0.34;;emotionally overwhelmed, she often cried while narrating her story at the briefing, in which minister swaraj was also present.
;;0.7845;;she thanked swaraj, her ministry and officials of the indian high commission in islamabad for ensuring her safe return.
;;0.5719;;i am thankful to the people, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also assured parliament of a fair probe into the assault on nigerians.
;;0.0;;we expect that the same should be conveyed to ministry of external affairs vehemently and properly, the association said.
;;0.4767;;it has also called on the ministry of external affairs to issue an appropriate advisory to the schools, colleges and general public in india, stating that your own countrymen are respected in these african countries always and such incidents and unruly behaviour may change their perspective towards us.
;;-0.4404;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday sought to assuage the concerns of parliamentarians over physical attacks against indians in the us qualifying them as acts of individuals and not representative of the sentiments of americans towards india.
;;0.4019;;we are in a continuous dialogue with the us government, said swaraj, looking rested and healthy in her trademark blue saree and jacket.
;;0.0;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought a detailed report from the indian high commission in malaysian, following reports of an indian being stranded in the country after his employers allegedly seized his passport.
;;-0.5994;;new delhi: india has received a report on the shootout incident resulting in the death of its national in the us' washington state and is coordinating with the investigative agencies, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;-0.7845;;i have received a report on the shootout incident resulting in the tragic death of indian national vikram jaryal in washington state usa, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.0;;new delhi: an indian woman was allegedly strip-searched at frankfurt airport, prompting external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today to seek a report from the indian consul general concerned.
;;0.0;;@cgifrankfurt (sic), swaraj tweeted to indian consul general in frankfurt raveesh kumar.
;;-0.128;;several opposition members, including from tmc and congress, protested as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj introduced the 'the registration of marriage of non-resident indian bill, 2019'.
;;0.5719;;by iansnew delhi: union minister and senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday said the nda would come back to power again with the blessings of poor people who have received food and houses at affordable prices and medicine for free in modi government's rule.
;;0.0;;pm @narendramodi and pm @turnbuillmalcolm lead delegation level talks in hyderbad house, external affairs ministry spokesperson gopal baglay tweeted.
;;0.4404;;later, external affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on the visiting dignitary.
;;-0.2732;;by anidurban: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said india is neither imperialist nor expansionist, adding that india does not need even an inch of land or a drop of water from anyone.
;;-0.1027;;during her visit to the ramakrishna center of phoenix in durban, swaraj talked of protectionism as she said that it stands for i am superiors and everything is for me which as per her contradicts with the indian tradition.
;;0.1333;;swaraj expressed her gratitude for opening the ramakrishna mission center which as per her will not help to serve the cause of ramakrishna but also of the entire humanity.
;;0.2732;;either follow my belief or i will uproot yours as well swaraj added.
;;0.2732;;''swaraj then highlighted the significance of ramakrishna in the modern lives.
;;-0.1531;;on this note, swaraj gave an example of the natural calamities including hurricanes, cyclones, earthquake which is a form of nature's attack on humans.
;;0.4404;;news of the release was tweeted on thursday night by ajay raja, production operator at dar petroleum operating company, south sudan, who thanked external affairs minister for the release of the two indians.
;;-0.5859;;on march 9, raja had appealed to sushmaswaraj swaraj for her intervention following the abduction.
;;-0.6486;;by ptiislamabad: pakistan foreign minister shah mehmood qureshi on wednesday threatened to boycott a meeting of the organisation of islamic cooperation (oic) scheduled for next month in the uae if india's external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj participates in it.
;;0.0;;my reservations are with indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's attendance at the oic meeting, qureshi told geo news.
;;0.0;;if swaraj attends the meeting then i will not participate in it, qureshi said.
;;0.1531;;the turkish foreign minister said there is no reason for indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to attend the meeting of the organization of islamic countries (oic) and turkey will fully oppose her invitation and opportunity to address, he added.
;;-0.128;;watch: surgical strike 2: pak foreign minister on what happened at balakotlast night, qureshi said he spoke to his uae counterpart sheikh abdullah bin zayed al nahyan expressed his reservations over invitation to swaraj.
;;0.0;;under the current circumstances, it will not be possible for me to attend oic meeting where swaraj is present, he said.
;;-0.4019;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said that iran has released 15 indian fishermen who were detained with their bahraini boats last year.
;;0.128;;they are demanding that the indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj come and see them and assure action against sri lanka.
;;0.8442;;sherin's death attracted the attention of the indian government and the then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took keen interest in the case and also instructed the indian mission in houston to make sure that the indian toddler received justice.
;;0.0;;by express news servicebhopal: union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced on tuesday that she wont contest the 2019 lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;the two time lok sabha member from vidisha seat of the assembly poll-bound madhya pradesh, sushmaswaraj swaraj cited health concerns behind her decision to not contest the upcoming general elections.
;;0.5423;;talking to journalists in indore, the former delhi chief minister swaraj said she had informed the partys top leadership about her decision, though it is the party leadership only which will take the final call over it.
;;0.0;;in december 2016, swaraj had undergone kidney transplant at the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) in new delhi, after which she has been taking maximum health-related precautions.
;;0.0;;swaraj has been the lok sabha member from vidisha since 2009.
;;0.0;;as swaraj has been away from her constituency for over a year now, the opposition congress has been making her absence in vidisha a political issue.
;;0.0;;swaraj is the second senior woman politician of bjp to have decided not to contest the ls polls.
;;0.3818;;out of these candidates on three seats are bound to be changed, as sitting mp's from khajuraho and dewas have already vacated their seats after being elected to the vidhan sabha recently, while the vidisha seat too will see a new candidate as the present incumbent, the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has already made it clear she won't contest next ls polls due to health reasons.
;;-0.5267;;(right) uzma ahmed is welcomed by family, while union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj consoles one of the family members in new delhi on thursday| shekhar yadavnew delhi: uzma ahmed, the indian woman who was allegedly forced to marry a pakistani man at gunpoint during her visit there, dubbed pakistan a well of death while narrating her ordeal on her return to the national capital on thursday.
;;0.3291;;seated alongside external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, indian deputy high commissioner in islamabad jp singh, and other senior ministry officials, an emotional uzma said, its easy to enter pakistan but nearly impossible to leave that place.
;;0.4404;;she thanked swaraj, indian commission officials and other staffers for making her return possible.
;;0.0258;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said though there was tension between the two neighbours, the pakistan foreign office and the home ministry played a key role in her return.
;;0.7906;;swaraj showered words of praise on uzmas counsel barrister shahnawaz and justice mohsin akhtar kiyani of the islamabad high court.
;;-0.5423;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj confirmed the deaths tweeting, i have bad news from turkey.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visited the maldives in march, the first full-fledged bilateral trip from india to the island nation after the government of president ibrahim mohamed solih came to power in november last year.
;;0.5106;;the indian embassy in bahrain announced her rescue on twitter hours after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, in a tweet, directed the indian ambassador in the gulf nation to intervene in the case.
;;0.0772;;pls keep me informed, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.0;;purvi even contacted the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on twitter.
;;0.0;;sushma, known for her prompt responses, has not replied to her tweet yet.
;;0.1027;;defence minister nirmala sitharaman, finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and home minister rajnath singh -- all members of ccs were present at the meeting.
;;-0.2263;;former army chief gen (retd) v k singh, now mos external affairs minister in a tweet said, they say they want india to bleed with a 1,000 cuts.
;;0.4019;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is likely to meet leaders of all political parties in the afternoon, sources said.
;;0.0;;jayantas brother uttam biswas has tweeted the case to the external affairs ministry and to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.3182;;by ptiluxembourg: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today called on prime minister of luxembourg xavier bettel and discussed ways to expand bilateral cooperation in trade and investment, space and people-to-people relationship.
;;0.0;;swaraj, who arrived in luxembourg on the third leg of her four-nation tour yesterday, became the first external affairs minister from india to visit the european country.
;;0.0;;the minster then had a meeting with minister of foreign and european affairs of luxembourg jean asselborn.
;;0.0;;during the call on, the two leaders discussed a wide range of issues including enhancing bilateral and india-eu trade and investment ties, digital and space cooperation, fintech and diaspora contribution, the ministry of external affairs said in a statement.
;;0.2023;;swaraj arrived in luxembourg for a two-day visit from france where she met the top french leadership and addressed the indian diaspora.
;;0.8442;;sherin's death attracted the attention of the indian government and the then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took keen interest in the case and also instructed the indian mission in houston to make sure that the indian toddler received justice.
;;-0.6124;;khan's remarks came a day after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj categorically ruled out the possibility of holding talks with pakistan unless it stops cross-border terror activities.
;;0.34;;from india, a 12-member central delegation led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and two state government-level delegations from delhi and west bengal led by chief ministers arvind kejriwal and mamata banerjee, respectively, will be in attendance during the function.
;;0.4404;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday said india's initiative of inviting bimstec nations for the goa brics summit was a success because the countries represent the polar opposite of a terrorism promoting polity -- a reference to pakistan and its terror-aiding activities.
;;0.2732;;this was agreed to during meetings external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had with myanmar president u htin kyaw and state counsellor and foreign minister aung san suu kyi during her day-long visit to nay pyi taw.
;;0.0;;she briefed the external affairs minister on the preparations for the upcoming 21st century panglong conference for national reconciliation, the sources said.
;;0.8225;;the external affairs minister conveyed india's full support to this process and said india stands ready to extend any necessary help.
;;0.2732;;according to the sources, sushmaswaraj swaraj extended invitations to both the president and the state counsellor to visit india at their earliest convenience, which were accepted.
;;0.4404;;later, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will call on the visiting dignitary.
;;0.3612;;in the programme, he also spoke about the upcoming event to grant sainthood to mother teresa on september 4 which will be attended by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;in a terse press statement on wednesday afternoon, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar, accompanied by air vice marshal r g k kapoor, said details were being ascertained about pakistans claim of having captured one indian pilot.
;;-0.2732;;while the us urged pakistan to take meaningful action against terror groups operating on its soil, us secretary of state mike pompeo said he spoke to pakistans foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi and indias external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;a statement released by the acting spokesperson of the french ministry of europe and foreign affairs, said, france is concerned about the deterioration of the situation.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj may not participate in the two-day convention due to her health conditions.
;;-0.5152;;as her pains increased, the family members wanted to shift jhansirani to a private hospital as the doctor at the phc, dr sushmaswaraj , was not at hand.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: the congress party on thursday said the visit of pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif's advisor on foreign affairs sartaj aziz be fruitful only is islamabad behaves appropriately.
;;0.0;;in december last year, the meeting of the hoa was hosted by pakistan and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had attended it after which she had bilateral talks with aziz.
;;-0.6476;;islamabad: abdul basit, pakistani high commissioner to new delhi seems to be on poor terms with all indian dignitaries for his hawkish personality and unnecessary aggression highlighted a leading pakistani daily, adding despite being a top diplomat he hasnt met indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4404;;basit who was appointed as the high commissioner in new delhi in february 2014, is being treated as a 'persona-non-grata' by the indian authorities and hence, has not been allowed to meet swaraj or high profile dignitary, reports daily times.
;;-0.1685;;the pakistani daily quoted its sources that indian external affairs minister swaraj did not entertain repeated requests of basit for formal meetings for his hawkish personality and unnecessary aggression adding, none of the policy makers in india feel like meeting him.
;;-0.5789;;nafees zakria, pakistan foreign office spokesperson has denied that there were differences between chaudhry and basit but, he refused to comment on the fact that the high commissioner never called on the indian external affairs minister or any other high profile indian official.
;;0.0772;;the lahore-based daily also quoted an indian official saying, whenever we want to issue a dmarche, we prefer not to summon the (pakistani) high commission to the (external affairs) ministry.
;;0.5719;;india has been invited for the first time to attend the foreign ministers' conclave in abu dhabi where external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will be the guest of honour.
;;-0.765;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday sought report from the uttar pradesh government over the attack on four nigerian students, who sustained severe injuries after being assaulted by a group of local residents in greater noida's pari chowk area.
;;0.0;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday met a delegation of tamil nadu fishermen and talked about early implementation of rs 1,500 crore package to augment deep-sea fishing capacity of the fishermen in the state.
;;0.3818;;the external affairs minister reiterated the union governments commitment for early implementation of the rs 1,500 crore package to develop deep-sea fishing capacities for fishermen in tamil nadu and informed that the initial financial allotment in this regard has been made.
;;-0.1027;;sources in the ministry of external affairs (mea) said that the fishermen, accompanied by union minister of state for road transport and highways, shipping pon radhakrishnan and members of parliament (mps) l ganeshan and anwar raajha, apprised swaraj of the difficulties faced by them in attending to their livelihood through fishing in waters between india and sri lanka.
;;0.0;;the external affairs ministry has decided to take it over and develop it on the lines of hyderabad house at delhi, to be used as a venue for meetings with international delegates, union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has written to local mla mangalprabhat lodha, who had been following up the issue for a long time.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will address the un general assembly in new york today, where she is expected to give a stinging response to pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif's unga speech.
;;0.1531;;external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup also said that one can also expect a continued focus from india on the theme of terrorism which is today undoubtedly the single biggest challenge to international peace and security.
;;0.4215;;new delhi: following a father's youtube sos that his daughter was being mistreated by her in-laws in pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said the indian high commission had met the victim and was ensuring her safety and return to india.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj tweeted that she received a youtube message from mohammad akbar that his daughter mohammadia begum, an indian national, was married to a person in pakistan and was being ill-treated by her in-laws.
;;0.0;;it was on march 16 that sushmaswaraj had sought a report from india high commissioner gautam bambawale.
;;0.4019;;mohammedi begum's father mohammed akbar, a cycle mechanic, had earlier sent an e-mail to sushmaswaraj swaraj in january seeking her help in bringing back his daughter.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today rubbished reports that congress leader shashi tharoor will help the narendra modi government in drafting a statement on kulbhushan jadhav to be read out in parliament.
;;0.5994;;according to the news report, tharoor, also former minister of state for foreign affairs, will help the government draft the 'statement of solidarity' on the issue of kulbhushan jadhav.
;;-0.8126;;the request to draft the resolution came from swaraj after parliament today condemned pakistan for sentencing kulbhushan jadhav to death, the report said.
;;0.0;;an official indian delegation led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is scheduled to attend mother teresa's canonisation ceremony at the vatican on september 4.
;;0.0;;the government has begun backdoor contacts with india and the ruling pakistan tehreek-e-insaf (pti) leader ramesh kumar vankwani, who was in india last week, has met prime minister modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, the express tribune reported.
;;0.0;;he also met minster of state for external affairs general vk singh, who has also served as the chief of the indian army.
;;0.0;;he said later on modi's directive, swaraj also held a 25-minute-long meeting with him, the paper said.
;;0.0;;according to the pti leader, he told swaraj that the two countries need to take lessons from past and not to hold on to it.
;;0.296;;amaravathi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was at it again, this time helping out a septuagenarian couple from andhra pradesh get passports for their differently-abled daughters.
;;0.0;;swaraj, who is known to react promptly to sos messages on twitter, responded equally to a petition on change.org, an online platform for social change, and sent the passport officials to the couple for assistance.
;;-0.0516;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her chinese counterpart wang yi, during their talks, also decided to put in place a new mechanism at the level of foreign secretaries to discuss various aspects of bilateral ties which have witnessed strain in the recent past.
;;0.0;;swaraj also conveyed to wang, india's concerns on the china-pakistan economic corridor in pakistan-occupied kashmir during the three-hour-long discussion including over lunch.
;;0.743;;swaraj outlined importance of meeting our clean energy goals in the context of cop-21.
;;-0.8979;;swaraj also raised the issue of china blocking india's efforts to get jem chief azhar, mastermind of the mumbai and pathankot terror attacks, banned by the un.
;;0.0;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who underwent a kidney transplant at aiims 10 days back, is being discharged from the hospital today.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj, who underwent kidney transplant operation on 10th december 2016, has shown steady recovery and is being discharged from hospital today, the aiims said in a statement.
;;0.1779;;new delhi: even if you are stuck on the mars, indian embassy there will help you, is how external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj responded today when a member of twitterati made a tongue-in-cheek comment.
;;-0.0516;;co/smg1oxkzxd  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) june 8, 2017the external affairs minister is known for using the social media to reach out to indians in dire situations and help them.
;;0.2732;;while swaraj got a lot of praise for her reply, saini was ridiculed by netizens.
;;0.3612;;by ptisingapore: singapore foreign affairs minister vivian balakrishnan on wednesday remembered former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's warm friendship and said that she represented india on the world stage and fought tirelessly for indian citizens.
;;0.9274;;also read: rip sushmaswaraj swaraj - super mom who rescued stranded indiansmourning the demise of the senior bjp leader, balakrishnan tweeted, i met her countless times, and will always recall her warm friendship and wise counsel.
;;0.34;;sushma swaraj was a wonderful lady, always full of life, as she represented india on the world stage and fought tirelessly for her citizens, wrote the singapore minister.
;;0.34;;sushma swaraj was a wonderful lady, always full of life, as she represented india on the world stage and fought tirelessly for her citizens.
;;-0.7783;;read | adil ahmad, man behind pulwama terror attack once led prayershe said the ministry of external affairs will launch an all out effort to isolate pakistan and all diplomatic efforts will be launched in this regard.
;;0.1027;;it was attended by defence minister nirmala sithraman, finance miniser arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4404;;ansari and his family have thanked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her ministry for persisting with the case and taking it up with islamabad.
;;-0.2263;;ansari had an emotional interaction with swaraj on wednesday as he narrated the difficult phase he had to endure through in pakistan.
;;0.0;;by ptinew delhi: iranian foreign minister mohammad javad zarif will arrive here on tuesday to hold talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj primarily on the impact of the us ending waivers on import of oil from iran, and ways to deal with it, official sources said.
;;0.0;;according to the ministry of external affairs, zarif will arrive at 11.
;;0.2263;;external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said india was prepared to deal with the impact of the us decision.
;;-0.25;;in 2017, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had received several complaints about amazon selling flip-flops with mahatma gandhi's image.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, senior bjp leader l k advani, congress leaders sonia gandhi, mallikarjun kharge besides others were present in the house.
;;-0.6249;;also read | pakistan fm calls emergency meeting after iaf air strikes in pokbesides attending the annual trilateral meeting, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj would also hold bilateral talks with her chinese and russian counterparts on the sidelines of the meeting in which the listing of azhar by the un's 1267 committee is expected to figure.
;;0.296;;in 2018, a new milestone was reached when the first ever india-us 2+2 ministerial dialogue was held in which external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, defence minister nirmala sithraman, us secretary of state mike pompeo and then defence secretary jim mattis participated.
;;0.8519;;another challenge before the external affairs ministry will be to conduct successful negotiations for the regional comprehensive economic partnership (rcep) with the association of southeast asian nations (asean) regional bloc and the broad-based trade and investment agreement (btia) with the european union (eu).
;;0.194;;trade talks, though, are not limited to the external affairs ministry alone and there are other coordinating ministries and stakeholders as well.
;;0.4404;;later, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will call on the visiting dignitary.
;;0.0;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj continues to recover fast after a kidney transplant at the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) here, a senior doctor said on tuesday.
;;0.6705;;swaraj underwent the kidney transplant from an unrelated donor on december 10 at aiims by a dedicated team of 50 medical staff, including several senior doctors like m. minz, v.k. bansal and preet mohinder singh led by aiims director m.c. misra.
;;-0.296;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told the families the government had received information that some indian men were in mosul, from where the 39 men had gone missing three years ago.
;;0.0;;now that mosul, earlier in the control of the is, had been liberated, the indian government discussed the issue of the stranded men with the iraqi government, the family quoted swaraj as saying.
;;0.1154;;but now swaraj has assured us that the missing people have been traced, she said.
;;0.802;;by ptinew delhi: the congress saturday expressed surprise that the government was celebrating the invitation to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for the oic's inaugural plenary, dubbing it a misplaced euphoria and a futile exercise to mislead the people of india.
;;0.6808;;i am surprised at the government celebrating the invitation to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to address the oic meeting in uae.
;;0.836;;twitter.com/hmex8ajbvt  ani (@ani) february 23, 2019sharma, who was the minister of state of external affairs in the upa government, said that in the past india has always taken a firm position with respect to its engagement with the oic, a powerful grouping of muslim majority nations.
;;0.6369;;we would advise the prime minister and the external affairs minister to respect the past position of india and go for the oic meeting only when india is accepted as a full member, he said.
;;0.4588;;the ministry of external affairs (mea) called the invitation a welcome recognition of the presence of 185 million muslims in india and of their contribution to its pluralistic ethos, and of india's contribution to the islamic world.
;;0.0;;5 million to usd 5 million from 2018-19 for a period of three years, the external affairs ministry said on wednesday.
;;0.765;;it also said that the four-fold increase in india's contribution is based on external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's commitment to enhance support to the unrwa at the non-aligned movement (nam) ministerial meeting on palestine on september 19 last year.
;;-0.4404;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday said that she has directed the indian envoy in islamabad to seek consular access to an indian national lodged in a jail in pakistan's peshawar following reports of repeated attacks on him.
;;-0.743;;external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said in his weekly media briefing here on friday that a petition was filed in the peshawar high court earlier following earlier reports that ansari was attacked in prison.
;;0.8126;;by ptibeijing: china today said its relations with india have seen great strides and the upcoming visit of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will further enhance political trust between the two countries.
;;-0.1531;;swaraj will arrive here on april 21 for a four-day visit and hold talks with chinese foreign minister wang yi on april 22 to take forward attempts by both countries to reset ties strained by last year's 73-day dokalam military standoff as well as a host of other issues.
;;-0.4019;;the visit of swaraj and sitharaman were taking place as india and china stepped up high level exchanges to defuse tensions following the dokalam standoff.
;;-0.7579;;by ptinew delhi: an indian man died and his wife sustained injuries, after they were stabbed by an immigrant near munich in germany, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, said saturday.
;;0.1027;;my heartfelt condolences to the bereaved family, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.4939;;/1 chowkidar sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 30, 2019the external affairs minister said she has asked indian mission in munich to take care of the couple's two children.
;;0.25;;meanwhile, asked by a twitter user why she, the most sensible bjp leader, had added the 'chowkidar' prefix to her name on the microblogging site, swaraj tweeted, because i am doing chowkidari of indian interests and indian nationals abroad.
;;0.0;;co/dcgibpsagz  chowkidar sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 30, 2019he prefixed his twitter name with 'chowkidar' and almost all bjp leaders and union ministers including swaraj, arun jaitley and nirmala sitharaman followed suit.
;;0.0;;during the second india-us strategic and commercial dialogue (s&cd) in the national capital earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said, in view of the rapidly evolving regional and global situation, india looks forward to resuming the meeting of the trilateral with afghanistan; consultations on africa and on multilateral issues within this year.
;;0.4019;;gaya: special prayers were offered at vishnupad mandir here on saturday for the speedy recovery of external minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who is undergoing a dialysis at the aiims hospital in new delhi.
;;0.2263;;during the international conference on nepal's reconstruction held in june last year, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had asked the himalayan country to allow india to develop the fast-track road and the international airport in nijgadh.
;;0.0258;;earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that she has taken up the matter with islamabad.
;;0.0;;by online deskan hour before former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj passed away, she reportedly asked lawyer harish salve to collect re 1 on wednesday at 6 pm, sources say.
;;-0.6705;;however, the bjp stalwart sushmaswaraj swaraj passed away on tuesday after suffering cardiac arrest.
;;0.6908;;sushma swaraj had described the icj's verdict as a great victory for india.
;;0.0;;by ptiabu dhabi: a digital interactive museum showcasing the life, works and philosophy of mahatma gandhi and the founder of modern uae shaikh zayed was on tuesday jointly inaugurated by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her counterpart abdullah bin zayed al nahyan.
;;0.0;;eam @sushmaswaraj and foreign minister sheikh abdullah bin zayed al nahyan jointly launch the gandhi-zayed digital museum commemorating the 100th year of founding father of #uae sheikh zayed and 150th year of mahatma gandhi #bapuat150, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
;;0.0;;the announcement of the proposed digital museum was made in new delhi by swaraj and her uae counterpart during the latter's visit in july 2018.
;;0.0;;swaraj, who arrived here on monday on a two-day visit, co-chaired with abdullah bin zayed the12th session of the india-uae joint commission meeting for economic and technical cooperation here.
;;0.0;;it remains to be seen how china will vote on the proposal this time, following a crucial bilateral meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chinese foreign minister wang yi in wuzhen, where she is participating in the russia, india, china (ric) foreign ministers meeting.
;;-0.9349;;swaraj on wednesday raised the pulwama suicide attack in her meeting with her chinese counterpart, a day after india destroyed a major jem terror training camp in pakistan.
;;-0.9187;;in a statement issued by the acting spokesperson of the ministry of europe and foreign affairs of the republic of france following the air strikes by the indian air force on the jem training camp in pakistan, france said it stands by india in the fight against terrorism in all its forms and is fully engaged in mobilizing the international community to sanction the terrorists responsible for this attack and freezing their financing networks.
;;-0.4019;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday said there was no reason to worry about the curbs on h1b visas or the job security of indian it professionals working in the us for the time being as the indian government is in talks with the us regarding this.
;;0.3089;;by ptinew delhi: the brexit task is not yet completed and there won't be any problem to indians till the process gets over, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told the rajya sabha on thursday.
;;0.3818;;swaraj was responding to a query from congress leader kumar ketkar who wanted to know the government's approach to protect migrant indians in britain after brexit.
;;0.3612;;we thank union home minister rajnath singh and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and well-wishers from all religions who prayed for our return, they told reporters.
;;0.0;;the two are likely to meet swaraj today.
;;0.0;;during his visit, wickeremesinghe will meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, minister of home affairs rajnath singh and minister of road transport and highways and shipping nitin gadkari.
;;-0.6808;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today that the government was sparing no effort to trace kerala priest tom uzhunnalil, who was kidnapped in wartorn yemen by terror group islamic state (is) in march 2016.
;;0.6369;;the governor assured them of all possible help and forwarded the plea submitted by the relatives to swaraj.
;;-0.7269;;new delhi: following the deadly shooting in kansas in which an indian engineer, srinivas kuchibhotla, was killed by a gunman in an alleged racial attack, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has assured that india would undertake all arrangements to transport the mortal remains of the former to hyderabad.
;;-0.4767;;swaraj spoke to the father and brother of kuchibhotla and conveyed her condolences to the bereaved family.
;;0.0;;sushma tweeted.
;;-0.4019;;they will meet the injured and facilitate in bringing the mortal remains of the deceased, said ministry of external affairs (mea) spokesperson vikas swarup.
;;0.0;;the announcement to construct the memorial was made by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during her last visit to paris in june 2018.
;;0.5859;;he will speak at a high-level panel discussion titled 'dialogue of the continents on global governance' and will also hold a number of bilateral meetings on the sidelines of the paris peace forum, the ministry of external affairs said in statement.
;;0.1027;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj consoling the mother-duo at jawahar bhawan after after indian woman uzma reached delhi on thursday.
;;0.0516;;| ptinew delhi: amid continued tensions with pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today profusely thanked the pakistani establishment and judiciary for facilitating indian citizen uzma ahmed's return.
;;0.7906;;swaraj had words of praise for uzma's counsel barrister shahnawaz and justice mohsin akhtar kiyani of the islamabad high court.
;;0.0;;the chief minister made the requests in separate letters to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and civil aviation minister a gajapathi raju.
;;0.0;;we had entered into an mou with air asia in which the state government is providing viability gap funding to the international carrier for its operations, naveen said in his letter to swaraj.
;;0.7678;;new delhi: central government accords the highest priority to promote the well-being, safety and security of indian fishermen and have strongly conveyed to sri lanka that the use of force cannot be justified under any circumstances, said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;by ptinew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will hold extensive talks with her chinese counterpart wang yi on friday under the newly established framework to enhance people-to-people exchanges between the two neighbours.
;;0.0;;a spokesperson in the ministry of external affairs raveesh kumar said the meeting will be co-chaired by swaraj and wang.
;;0.1027;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman are scheduled to be in beijing on april 24 to attend different meetings of the sco and interact with their counterparts from the member states.
;;0.0;;a spokesman for india's external affairs ministry, vikas swarup, said kuchibhotla was an indian national from the southern state of telangana.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj, india's external affairs minister, said kuchibhotla's body will be transported to the city of hyderabad, where his family lives.
;;0.25;;the trump administration has sent two of its senior diplomats from the state department -- principal deputy assistant secretary of state for south and central asian affairs alice wells and acting assistant secretary of state for east asian and pacific affairs susan thornton -- to co-lead the american delegation for the trilateral dialogue.
;;0.25;;on april 6, wells will participate in the india-us forum, hosted by the ananta centre and the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.4215;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and japanese foreign minister fumio kishida represented their respective countries.
;;-0.2732;;in a statement, india said increasing cross-border terrorist attacks in the region and growing interference in the internal affairs of saarc member-states by one country have created an environment that is not conducive to the successful holding of the 19th saarc summit.
;;0.0;;ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup said that india has conveyed to current saarc chair nepal its decision not to attend the summit, for which prime minister narendra modi was slated to go.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the floor of the unga announced that jammu and kashmir is an integral part of india and will always remain so.
;;0.0;;new delhi: union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today met mauritian prime minister pravind jugnauth and discussed ways to deepen bilateral cooperation in various areas including trade and investment.
;;0.0;;eam @sushmaswaraj calls on prime minister of mauritius pravind kumar jugnauth,mea spokesperson gopal bagley tweeted along a picture of swaraj with the mauritian pm.
;;0.7096;;by ptibeijing: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today asked indian and chinese to learn each other's language as it will help them overcome communication barriers, resulting in further strengthening the relationship between the two nations.
;;0.0;;swaraj, who is on a visit here, made the remarks during a programme, titled 'contribution of hindi in india-china friendship', organised by the india embassy.
;;0.7269;;noting that during the programme, a chinese student learning hindi had expressed that her dream was to visit india, swaraj instructed the ambassador to make arrangements for a visit of such students to india i want to tell her, that your dream would come true right here, right now.
;;0.6808;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday apprised the lok sabha on wednesday that the government is making continuous efforts to popularise hindi world over and for the acceptance of hindi as one of the un official languages.
;;0.5859;;swaraj is presently in aiims where she is recuperating after a successful kidney transplant.
;;0.0;;a committee has been established under the chairmanship of external affairs minister for implementation of this and other recommendations made at the conference.
;;0.4215;;on several occasions indian leaders have delivered statements at the un in hindi including prime ministers statement to the 69th unga in september 2014, the address of prime minister to the united nations sustainable development summit in september 2015, the address to the 70th unga by external affairs minister in october 2015, and the address of external affairs minister to the 71st unga in september 2016.
;;-0.8807;;hyderabad: the proposal to restrict foreign nationals having criminal record of child abuse from entering india, is under consideration of the union external affairs ministry.
;;-0.3818;;recently, union minister for women and child development maneka gandhi had requested her cabinet colleague, union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to revise the visa format to ensure that foreigners with child abuse record do not land in the country.
;;0.0;;dr dnyaneshwar m mulay, secretary in the union external affairs ministry, who is in the city, said here on sunday that the proposal is under consideration.
;;-0.9169;;terrorism, more specifically that emanating from pakistan, figured prominently in marathon talks between kerry and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who briefed him extensively on the continuing problem of cross-border terrorism that india and the larger region face from pakistan.
;;0.5574;;ramananda sengupta byexpress news servicenew delhi: in a diplomatic boost for india and major snub to pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has been invited to attend the inaugural plenary of the organisation of islamic cooperation (oic) foreign ministers meeting as a guest of honour on march 1 in abu dhabi.
;;0.4404;;we simultaneously bring the matter to the attention of the external affairs ministry and indian embassies in the respective countries.
;;0.34;;if there is no positive results within three days, state president kummanam rajasekharan will directly call the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, seeking her intervention, he said.
;;0.0382;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tonight said the nonagenarian indian-origin woman, who was reportedly sent back by her son to india from the us without a valid visa, will not have to leave the country.
;;0.6369;;swaraj had assured help to the 90-year-old woman yesterday after media highlighted her plight.
;;-0.7701;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had warned that jadhav's execution will be taken by india as a pre-meditated murder and pakistan should consider its consequences on bilateral relations, if it proceeds on this matter.
;;0.2382;;seated with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, indian deputy high commissioner in islamabad j p singh, and other senior ministry officials, an emotional uzma said, it's easy to enter pakistan but nearly impossible to leave that place.
;;0.8074;;she profusely thanked swaraj, indian mission officials and other staffers for making her comfortable and ensuring her return.
;;-0.1027;;also read: reservation for economically weak sections: economic criterion cant be basis, says petition in scthis benefit will be available to the poor of all communities and religions and to groups who were not getting reservation up till now like brahmins, baniyas, kapus, marathas, patels, jats and rajputs, said the resolution on social sector moved by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj - highlighting party's focus to reach out to a large section of the electorate.
;;0.2732;;on the grounds of naseems complaint, amjed ullah khan, the spokesperson of telangana-based organisation majlis bachao tahreek, on wednesday, wrote a letter to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj seeking the couples rescue.
;;0.0;;they added this negligence was compounded by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's statement that vemula was not a dalit.
;;0.25;;qureshi's remarks drew strong criticism from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who came down heavily on her pakistani counterpart saying his comments exposed him and that pakistan has no respect for sikh sentiments.
;;0.0;;prime miniser narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj were seen in the rajya sabha.
;;-0.4019;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 24, 2017indian ambassador has also informed me that alok madasani who was injured in the incident has been discharged from the hospital.
;;0.0258;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 24, 2017external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted that indian ambassador in us navtej sarna has stated that two indian embassy officials have rushed to kansas to look into the matter.
;;-0.3818;;in new delhi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj expressed shock over the incident and said two indian embassy officials have been rushed to kansas to render all possible assistance.
;;0.2263;;external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said kuchibhotla and madasani hailed from hyderabad and warangal, and were working at garmin in olathe (kansas).
;;0.0;;prior to the meeting with modi on monday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on president kyaw.
;;-0.3818;;union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, known for her prompt responses to emergency tweets, on sunday slammed a man who requested a transfer for his wife.
;;0.0;;(@smitraj07) january 8, 2017the pune-based techie requested a transfer for his wife, who works for the railway ministry and is posted in a different city, to which swaraj replied, i would have ordered a suspension had this transfer request been made to my ministry.
;;-0.3818;;the techie had used banwas or exile to describe his situation after swaraj interacted with us-based sanjay pandita who had asked for her help to get a passport for his wife, claiming that he had been forced to live without her because of the delay.
;;0.0;;naidu said he spoke regarding the incident to his cabinet colleague and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who gave appropriate directions to the indian high commission.
;;0.0;;the moment i came to know about the incident i spoke to sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.743;;by ptikuwait: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was tuesday accorded a warm welcome on her arrival in kuwait where she will engage in several bilateral meetings and interact with the indian community members during the two days visit to the oil-rich gulf nation.
;;0.2023;;swaraj arrived in kuwait from doha where she met emir of qatar sheikh tamim bin hamad al-thani on monday and discussed ways to move forward on the roadmap set by the top leaders of the two countries.
;;0.6249;;eam sushmaswaraj swaraj warmly welcomed in kuwait, the 'land of pearls'.
;;0.1027;;hectic two days await with a flurry of bilateral meetings and activities, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
;;0.5859;;read | after successful talks with qatar sheikh tamim bin hamad, mea sushmaswaraj swaraj to visit kuwait nexteam will hold discussions with the leadership of kuwait and interact with indian community members, kumar said in another tweet.
;;0.0;;during her doha visit, swaraj held delegation level talks with her counterpart h e sheikh mohammed bin abdulrahman al thani.
;;0.4215;;both sides discussed the entire gamut of bilateral relations and signed a declaration to establish joint commission at the level of external affairs and foreign minister to periodically review progress in various cooperation initiatives, the external affairs ministry said in a statement.
;;0.0;;swaraj had arrived in doha on sunday on the first leg of her four-day visit to qatar and kuwait.
;;0.0;;mcmaster (left) is expected to meet prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;he is expected to meet prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;mcmaster also met adviser to the prime minister on foreign affairs sartaj aziz in islamabad.
;;0.8957;;her professed love for india, charmed swaraj, who in her address at the event held at the pravasi bharatiya kendra here, said, among all the events organised by the mea, the quiz is the dearest to me.
;;0.5994;;during the felicitation ceremony, maha greeted swaraj by touching her feet on the dais and the minister reciprocated by hugging her.
;;0.0;;a senior ministry of external affairs official said 24 contestants were selected for the semi-final, which took place on sunday, from over 40,000 applications drawn from over 100 countries.
;;0.0;;ramananda sengupta byexpress news servicenew delhi: abdulla shahid, the new foreign minister of the republic of maldives, met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi on monday and reiterated his governments india first policy.
;;0.0;;shahid, accompanied by minister of state for foreign affairs ahmed khaleel, foreign secretary abdul ghafoor mohammed, finance minister fayaaz ismail, minister of economic development ahmed khaleel, arrived in new delhi on saturday on a four-day visit.
;;0.5267;;sushma in turn assured him of indian help in ensuring fiscal and budgetary stability, which faces a chinese debt trap owning to yameens decision to allow massive chinese infrastructure investments in the country.
;;-0.1027;;gross misconduct and glaring mismanagement were prevailing, which was visible during the election campaign in public meetings of several senior leaders and union ministers such as sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had come to east delhi for gautam gambhir, and giriraj singh, who was in south delhi for ramesh bidhuri, said another party leader.
;;-0.7096;;new delhi: terming the incidents of attacks on african students as unfortunate, government on friday said in lok sabha that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will make a statement on this in parliament.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj spoke to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her counterparts from afghanistan, kazakhstan, the kyrgyz republic, tajikistan, turkmenistan and uzbekistan participated in the meeting.
;;-0.8074;;by ptibeijing: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her chinese counterpart wang yi would meet on the sidelines of next week's russia-india-china foreign ministers' conference in china amid beijing's continued blocking of india and other countries' moves to list pakistan-based jem chief masood azhar as a global terrorist by the un.
;;0.0;;besides swaraj and wang, the meeting would be attended by russian foreign minister sergei lavrov, he said.
;;0.0;;official sources here told pti that swaraj and wang would also meet on the sidelines of the ric ministers meeting.
;;-0.7964;;on february 15, geng, when asked about the external affairs ministry's appeal to all members of the un security council to list azhar as a global terrorist after the pulwama attack, said, as for the issue of listing, i could tell you that the 1267 committee of security council has a clear stipulation on the listing and procedure of the terrorist organisations.
;;0.2023;;on the forthcoming ric meeting which is an annual affair, geng in his wednesday's media briefing said that china, russia and india are important countries of the world and newly-emerging markets.
;;0.0;;gandhi, who had earlier written a similar kind of letter to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for removing clause of having the name of both parents on passports, said she has received a lot of communications from single mothers asking to do away with the practice of having the name of both the parents.
;;0.0;;last year, the wcd minister wrote to swaraj and months later the mea came out with changed rules where an applicant can mention the name of either of the parents.
;;0.0;;by ptiindore: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tuesday said geeta, a hearing and speech impaired person who was brought to india from pakistan three years ago, would never be sent back.
;;0.34;;by iansnew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's husband swaraj kaushal on tuesday welcomed her decision not to contest the 2019 lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;also read: sushmaswaraj swaraj to not contest 2019 lok sabha electionsthis marathon has been on since 1977 - that is 41 years.
;;0.5574;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has directed the indian high commissioner in pakistan to seek consular access to hamid nehal ansari, a resident of mumbai who had entered pakistan illegally via afghanistan after allegedly falling in love with an afghan girl.
;;-0.8166;;taking cognizance of the development, swaraj tweeted: i am very much disturbed to read about repeated attacks on hamid ansari who is detained in peshawar jail since 2012.
;;-0.7288;;both sides have sought to play down the threat of war -- pakistani prime minister imran khan and indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj have said they do not want to escalate further.
;;0.4588;;by ptinew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday met saudia arabia's crown prince mohammed bin salman and discussed ways to add further momentum to the strategic ties between the two nations besides deepening engagement in the areas of trade and investment.
;;0.3182;;after the meeting between salman and swaraj, the ministry of external affairs spokesperson said ways to expand strategic dimension of the ties were discussed.
;;-0.0516;;according to the ministry of external affairs, the crown prince will leave new delhi around 11.
;;-0.5106;;by ptinew delhi: india repatriated six pakistani prisoners through the attari- wagah border today, the ministry of external affairs said in a statement.
;;-0.128;;in october 2017, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had suggested to the pakistan high commissioner that the two sides could progress on humanitarian issues related to elderly, women, children and mentally unsound prisoners.
;;-0.3818;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday promised help to a family in haryana in getting the body of their son, who was stabbed to death in new zealand.
;;0.5859;;the family had contacted the indian high commission in new zealand as well as tweeted to the external affairs minister, pleading for the government help.
;;0.1027;;bjp president amit shah, finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, defence minister manohar parrikar besides the home minister and naidu attended the meeting.
;;0.8278;;a family is shaped by love and is not transactional, nurtured by a consideration, not greed, believes in harmony not jealousy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in her unga address.
;;0.0;;if india is unique, indianness is universal, jugnauth said in the presence of prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, among others.
;;0.7678;;new delhi: the central government accords the highest priority to promote the well-being, safety and security of indian fishermen, and has strongly conveyed to sri lanka that the use of force cannot be justified under any circumstances, said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;the ministry of external affairs said jammu and kashmir was an integral and inalienable part of india.
;;-0.7845;;earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in hyderabad that there will be no dialogue with pakistan unless it desists from terrorist activities against india.
;;0.6249;;dr ibrahim will meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the jawaharlal nehru bhawan to hold a discussion on the entire gamut of bilateral relations between both the countries, as well as regional and international issues of mutual interest.
;;0.0;;thousands of indians visit iraq annually for the pilgrimage to the holy cities of najaf and karbala, ministry of external affairs (mea) said in a statement.
;;-0.25;;minister of state for external affairs v. k. singh had visited iraq this year to coordinate and facilitate the return of the indians stuck in iraq.
;;0.0;;earlier in august 2016, minister of state for external affairs m.j. akbar visited iraq.
;;0.8689;;taking a hard stance, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said she refuses to accept that foster parents can take better care of the child than natural parents.
;;0.0;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday gave an ultimatum to indian workers stranded in saudi arabia to choose between re-employment in the kingdom or returning to india before september 25.
;;0.5106;;we will bring them back free of charge those who do not return by september 25 will have to make their own arrangements for boarding, lodging and return journey, swaraj tweeted on tuesday.
;;0.25;;minister of state for external affairs gen v k singh had visited saudi arabia twice to convince the workers to come back after filing claims, rather than waiting indefinitely.
;;0.0;;when the saudi government settles with the companies, the workers claims will also be settled, swaraj added.
;;0.0;;by ptiindore: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tuesday said india had two days ago sought diplomatic access to former navy officer kulbhushan jadhav who is currently in a pakistani jail after being convicted there for spying.
;;0.5719;;speaking on the deportation of christian michel, an alleged middleman in the agustawestland chopper deal, swaraj called it a big success on the part of the centre.
;;0.836;;by uninew delhi: external affairs minister and senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj has contributed rs 1,000 to the 'narendra modi app' and urged the party workers, supporters and well-wishers to make use of the avenue in order to encourage transparency in politics.
;;0.1027;;arun sudhakarandesperate to get out of the trap and get back home he has put out a twitter message seeking the help of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.3612;;bhubaneswar: union minister of state for petroleum and natural gas dharmendra pradhan on monday requested union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for opening seven more post office passport sewa kendras (popsks) in odisha.
;;0.0;;in a letter to swaraj, pradhan requested to issue necessary instructions for starting popsks/psks at angul, berhampur, balasore, kendrapada, balangir, jajpur and bhawanipatna.
;;0.6597;;the union petroleum and natural gas minister thanked swaraj for according sanction for opening three popsks at rourkela, sambalpur and koraput.
;;0.8658;;in a separate call with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, pompeo emphasised the close security partnership between the us and india and shared goal of maintaining peace and security in the region.
;;0.8658;;following indian counter-terrorism actions on february 26, i spoke with indian minister of external affairs swaraj to emphasize our close security partnership and shared goal of maintaining peace and security in the region, pompeo said in a statement.
;;0.4767;;by ptimumbai: tv actor karanvir bohra, who was stuck at moscow international airport, has thanked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for helping him get a temporary passport and a visa for russia.
;;-0.296;;exhausted for failing to make any significant progress through saarc, the ministry of external affairs (mea) has moved to even merge the divisions looking after saarc and bimstec.
;;0.6597;;we hope that these examples would also impact positively, on saarc and encourage an atmosphere free of terror and violence that is conducive for regional cooperation, minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj told the lok sabha in a written reply recently.
;;-0.959;;prime minister narendra modi, without naming pakistan at g-20, had said that one single nation in south asia is spreading agents of terror in the region and it must be isolated while external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the unga had said confessions of captured terrorists involved in terror strikes in india including in uri is a living proof of pakistan's complicity in cross-border terror.
;;0.0;;pakistan had earlier invited external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for the ceremony.
;;-0.7701;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had warned that jadhav's execution will be taken by india as a pre-meditated murder and pakistan should consider its consequences on bilateral relations, if it proceeds on this matter.
;;-0.4767;;india, so far, has refrained from directly commenting on the south china sea, but the disputed maritime zone found its way to the india-us joint statement issued after the 2nd strategic and commercial dialogue between the two countries that was co-chaired by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and us secretary of state john kerry.
;;-0.25;;by unigwalior/bhind: in madhya pradesh, the bjp government under chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, once underestimated but who is the helm of affairs since 2005, faces criticism for not delivering on its promises of employment and development.
;;-0.2732;;in yet another significant development, jitendra daga, once a close confidant of external affairs minister and vidisha mp sushmaswaraj swaraj, was also denied ticket.
;;0.0;;the indian and sri lankan delegations in the jwg would include representatives from the ministries of foreign affairs, the coast guards and navies of the two countries.
;;0.0;;among those who attended saturdays ministerial meeting were: indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and minister of agriculture & farmers welfare radha mohan singh, sri lankan minister for foreign affairs mangala samaraweera, the sri lankan minister for fisheries and aquatic resources development mahinda amaraweera, indian minister of state for road transport, highways & shipping pon radhakrishnan and the sri lankan member of parliament m.a. sumanthiran.
;;-0.3818;;new delhi: minister of state for external affairs general v k singh is set to leave for saudi arabia on tuesday as over 10,000 indian labourers face economic uncertainty following financial slowdown in the gulf kingdom.
;;-0.743;;apprising parliament of the crisis unfolding in the gulf country with thousands of indian labourers being laid off without compensation and food supplies, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told parliament that no indian would go hungry.
;;0.3818;;swaraj informed parliament that the government has requested the saudi government to give them exit visas as employers had left the country and also urged it to first clear the dues of workers, who have not been paid for months, whenever they settle the accounts with the companies.
;;0.0;;nair had earlier approached bjp state president kummanam rajasekharan,, who raised the issue with union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0258;;meanwhile, kenya-based malayala samajam has decided to take up the matter with sushmaswaraj swaraj in person when she comes to kozhikkode.
;;0.34;;we have been actively taking up the matter and would now meet union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj when she is in kozhikode, kn manikandan of malayala samajam told express.
;;-0.6705;;while external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had condemned the attack and assured of action against the perpetrators, there has been a political silence from the government of uttar pradesh  something that the diplomats said was expected.
;;0.0;;hyderabad: passport of mohammadi begum, the hyderabadi woman who is held captive in pakistan, will be renewed as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj instructed indian high commission to facilitate the return of the woman to india.
;;0.0;;mohammadi begums father mohammad akbar, who stays in bandlaguda, has written to ministry of external affairs in january and february requesting his daughter to be brought back to india.
;;0.0;;on monday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted, i received a youtube message from shri mohammad akbar that his daughter mohammadi begum, an indian national was married in pakistan.
;;0.25;;new delhi: in the wake of fresh attacks on hindus in bangladesh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has directed the indian high commissioner in dhaka to convey to prime minister sheikh hasina india's grave concern over safety and security of the community in that country.
;;0.0516;;i have asked indian high commissioner in dhaka to call on the prime minister and express our grave concern about the safety and wellbeing of the hindus in bangladesh, swaraj tweeted today.
;;-0.9186;;describing the order passed by pakistans military court as pre-meditated murder, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has issued a stern warning, saying that islamabad should be wary of taking such an extreme step as it could result in damaging bilateral relations between the already hostile neighbors.
;;0.0323;;i would caution pakistan government to consider the consequences for our bilateral relationship if they proceed on this matter, said swaraj in the rajya sabha.
;;0.0;;modi's style of functioning, the 81-year-old bureaucrat turned politician who was minister of finance and external affairs in the vajpayee government says modi has centralised all decision-making powers in the government of india in himself, assisted by a few chosen officers in his pmo.
;;0.0;;sinha also refers to the most cavalier treatment of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who was the leader of the opposition in the lok sabha.
;;0.2732;;baloch rebel leaders have been citing prime minister narendra modi raising the issue of balochistan from the ramparts of the red fort during his independence day speech and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj raising the issue in un general assembly as clearly showing indias position on the issue.
;;0.0;;new delhi: attempting to break the ice, pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif has wished speedy recovery to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who underwent a kidney transplant recently.
;;0.2263;;according to official sources, sharif wrote a letter to swaraj wishing her quick recovery.
;;0.5859;;swaraj had undergone a kidney transplant on december 10 and was discharged from new delhi-based aiims on december 19 after successful transplant.
;;0.0;;hassan also sought the intervention of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in this regard.
;;-0.8689;;by ptinew delhi: asserting that no country is immune to the existential threat of terrorism, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday said the need of the hour is to ensure zero tolerance towards terrorism and those using it as an instrument of convenience.
;;-0.3182;;ensuring zero tolerance towards terrorism and towards those using it as an instrument of convenience is the need of the hour, the external affairs minister said.
;;-0.1027;;he was him to pay a heavy amount of money to the deceaseds families, said amjed ullah khan of mbt who helped the family of saleem uddin to approach the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.4019;;his mother shaheen sultana through khan wrote to sushmaswaraj swaraj, minister for external affairs, requesting help.
;;0.1779;;kashmir issue can only be resolved bilaterally, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said monday.
;;-0.1531;;given the rapidly changing and unpredictable global order, no doubt swaraj and her team have a lot to be proud of.
;;-0.4019;;new delhi: iran has released 25 indian fishermen, who had been detained with their bahraini boats since march, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said.
;;0.25;;i am happy to inform that 25 indian fishermen from tamil nadu who were detained by iranian coast guards since march 2017 with 5 bahraini boats have been released and repatriated to bahrain, swaraj tweeted last night.
;;0.0;;home minister rajnath singh visited israel in november 2015; external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj went there in january 2016.
;;-0.3182;;das comments come just days after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj received a complaint about doormats depicting the indian flag, which were listed on amazons canada website.
;;-0.802;;francefrench minister of europe and foreign affairs jean-yves le drian termed the pulwama attack a vile.
;;-0.8271;;ministry of foreign affairs, australia issued a statement saying, australia condemns the horrific bombing in jammu & kashmir.
;;-0.8316;;mauritiusministry of foreign affairs on mauritius termed the attack vile and expressed sympathy to the indian government and people following the attack.
;;-0.8442;;chinachinese state councilor and foreign minister wang yi wrote to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday to condemn the terror attack.
;;0.0258;;the matter has been referred to the police for investigation, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted tonight.
;;0.0;;the confirmation came after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to pakistan prime minister's advisor on foreign affairs sartaj aziz, regarding the case.
;;0.6124;;pakistan had invited external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who thanked her pakistani counterpart shah mahmood qureshi for the invite and said she was unable to travel to kartarpur sahib due to prior commitments.
;;-0.8402;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her turkish counterpart mevlut cavusoglu will hold wide-ranging talks on a range of bilateral and regional issues which may include deliberations on situation in west asia and ways to counter threat of terrorism.
;;0.2732;;the entire gamut of bilateral relations as well as multilateral and regional issues are likely to be discussed during the talks,' external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said.
;;0.0;;he was in india on a transit halt last year and had met swaraj.
;;-0.7652;;warning of stern action by the state government against manpower agents who cheat gullible people aspiring for jobs in the gulf countries, she claimed though a request was made to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for a new law to check such incidents, the centre did not pay heed.
;;0.7096;;united nations: un general assembly president-elect ambassador peter thomson will travel to india early next week during which he is expected to meet prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and discuss the ambitious sdgs.
;;0.0;;on august 29, the president-elect will be in new delhi where it is planned that he will meet with modi, swaraj and secretary for external relations, sujata mehta, a press release from the office of the president of the un general assembly said yesterday.
;;0.0;;he will attend official meetings in beijing tomorrow and is expected to meet with chinese premier li keqiang, state councillor yang jiechi and minister of foreign affairs wang yi.
;;0.0;;swaraj will travel to new york later next month to attend the high-level general debate of the 71st session of the general assembly.
;;0.4215;;sushma swaraj, minister of external affairs for india, speaks during the 71st session of the united nations general assembly at u.n. headquarters.
;;-0.4939;;pakistan's envoy to the un maleeha lodhi, exercising the ror to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's address to the un general assembly here yesterday, earlier said pakistan rejects all the baseless allegations made by her and asserted that kashmir never was and can never be an integral part of india.
;;-0.3089;;first secretary in the indian mission to the un eenam gambhir, in india's right of reply to lodhi's remarks, said that it appears that the pakistani envoy did not hear clearly what our minister of external affairs stated during her address earlier today.
;;0.6705;;quoting swaraj that jammu and kashmir is an integral part of india, and will always continue to do so, gambhir said we hope that the message is loud and clear.
;;0.4404;;replying to his contentions, kumar said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj takes up cases involving indians with authorities of foreign governments and that safety of overseas indians was a matter of priority for the government.
;;-0.4767;;islamabad/new delhi: india has issued a medical visa to a two-and-a-half-month-old baby from pakistan, suffering from a heart disease, after his father sought intervention of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.1027;;earlier this week, ken sid, a pakistani national, reached out to swaraj through the social media platform for a medical visa for his son, who has a heart complication which cannot be treated in pakistan.
;;-0.2292;;it appears there is some misunderstanding, swaraj tweeted, and added we have not refused a medical visa.
;;0.0;;by aninew delhi: ministry of external affairs (mea) on wednesday confirmed that as many as 23 indian passports were misplaced by the high commission of pakistan in new delhi.
;;0.4019;;in a written reply in the lok sabha, external affairs minister (eam) sushmaswaraj swaraj stated, yes, the ministry of external affairs has received information that a total of twenty-three (23) passports have been misplaced by the high commission of pakistan in new delhi.
;;-0.7351;;bengaluru: two brothers a web designer and a junior tv artiste were arrested for sending a fake recommendation letter to the passport office bearing the signature of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.4767;;in march, they applied for passports again and sent a fake recommendation letter bearing the forged signature of sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;police said the duo had mentioned in the letter that their family was close to sushmaswaraj swaraj and hence the letter should be taken into consideration to issue the passports immediately.
;;-0.0258;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today asked indian embassy in riyadh to keep her informed about the case of a 32-year-old man from hyderabad being sentenced to one year's imprisonment and 300 lashes by a saudi court after being convicted in a robbery case.
;;0.0;;our embassy is doing everything, swaraj replied to the tweet.
;;-0.1779;;i request you to immediately direct the officials concerned, in the ministry of external affairs, to take concrete action through diplomatic channels, to secure the immediate release of 46 fishermen, including the seven arrested on february 9, and 26 fishing boats, the chief minister said in his letter to the prime minister.
;;-0.0516;;secure release of fishermen from iranbringing to the notice of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj that three fishermen from kanniyakumari district have been imprisoned for more than six weeks in an iranian prison, chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on tuesday urged the union minister to ensure the release of the fishermen as well as to get their just and due wages from their saudi employer.
;;0.0;;the chief minister, in a letter to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, said the three fishermen were employed as labourers in a mechanised fishing boat belonging to a saudi arabian national, jaffer alfhan.
;;-0.6908;;by ptilondon: britain's foreign secretary jeremy hunt wednesday held talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her pakistani counterpart shah mehmood qureshi to prevent a further escalation of tensions between the two nuclear-armed neighbours following the pulwama attack.
;;0.0;;i've been in touch with foreign minister swaraj of india and foreign minister qureshi of pakistan.
;;0.7003;;on thursday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made it clear an agreement on teesta waters is not on the cards when hasina comes.
;;0.4019;;the presidents special gesture had to be followed up by sushmaswaraj swaraj with a bout of domestic diplomacy.
;;-0.3182;;new delhi: amazon on thursday wrote to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj apologizing for hurting indian sensibilities by offering doormats with the countrys national flag on it.
;;-0.6369;;at no time did we intend or mean to offends indian sentiments, aggarwal said in his letter to swaraj.
;;0.0;;however, officials from the ministry of external affairs (mea) ruled out this possibility.
;;0.1531;;he also sent a bouquet to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at her residence in delhi, extending his wishes for her speedy recovery.
;;0.0;;with swaraj indisposed, as she is unwell, finance minister arun jaitley will represent india at the ministerial conference.
;;0.7003;;i congratulate our dynamic external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and mos vk singh for the initiatives in this regard.
;;0.34;;the us national security advisor (nsa) hr mcmaster will be visiting india on his maiden visit to india on the weekend and he will be meeting prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, foreign secretary s jaishankar and his indian counterpart ajit doval.
;;0.0;;in what is an election year in pakistan, jadhav's release anytime soon is an unlikely affair and he is going to be involved in a long drawn process in the country before his fate is sealed.
;;0.128;;the website, launched unofficially a week ago by the telangana state ministry of minority affairs and the telangana haj committee, has over 14,000 hits already.
;;0.3182;;i have sent a letter to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to increase the quota of haj pilgrims in telangana by over 200, mahmood ali said.
;;0.0;;prakash samaga byexpress news serviceudupi: veteran leader and former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was more than just a minister.
;;-0.4588;;shankar poojari from basroor, in kundapur, was languishing in a jail in kuwait for about seven months for unknowingly possessing banned medicine, and with the timely intervention of sushmaswaraj swaraj, poojari was bailed out and released from jail in january this year.
;;-0.6486;;sushma had also helped many families from udupi district, including that of prashanth, who was shot dead by an unidentified man in munich, germany, in march this year.
;;-0.5106;;sushma also assisted the grieving family by facilitating their travel to germany to conduct the last rites.
;;-0.5574;;in the case of udupi-based nurse hazel mathias, who died in saudi arabia under mysterious circumstances in july 2018, sushmaswaraj got in touch with the government of saudi arabia and ensured early release of her body.
;;0.0;;ivan had contacted sushmaswaraj who helped them.
;;0.0;;by ptibishkek: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday called on kyrgyz president sooronbay jeenbekov ahead of the sco foreign minister's meeting here and discussed ways to enhance bilateral ties by exploring the untapped potential.
;;0.0;;swaraj arrived here in the kyrgyz capital on tuesday to attend a two-day meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) council of foreign ministers.
;;0.4588;;twitter.com/hrm1rhzq5l  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) may 22, 2019in her first engagement in bishkek, swaraj on tuesday theld a productive discussion with her kyrgyz counterpart chingiz aidarbekov.
;;0.5106;;thiruvananthapuram: kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan wrote to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj seeking immediate action to rescue the 72 indians including keralites stranded at riyadh in saudi arabia.
;;0.4767;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and union health minister j p nadda addressing a press conference after the union cabinet gave its approval for introduction of surrogacy (regulation) bill, 2016, at national media centre in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;new delhi: in an apparent dig at some film stars who have opted to have children through surrogacy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that surrogacy seems to have become a fashion for celebrity couples.
;;0.1027;;incidentally, swaraj who prefers to keep a low profile as the external affairs minister was seen in a new role on wednesday as she was roped in as the government was keen on using her gravitas to present its new proposal on the rights of surrogate mothers and she headed the group of ministers that helped draft the bill.
;;0.7096;;ministry of external affairs (mea) spokesperson vikas swarup desribed her as the old friend from the east, as myanmars first foreign minister suu kyi began her maiden visit to india after her party came to power earlier this year.
;;0.1531;;in august external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had visited myanmar with an invite for suu kyi to visit india.
;;0.7351;;the 70-year-old nobel peace laureate suu kyi in her meeting with swaraj has sought indias help for reconciliation in the country.
;;-0.2263;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tonight announced securing the release of five indians who were jailed in togo.
;;0.4404;;the cleric thanked the indian government, prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, union home minister rajnath singh for their efforts.
;;0.0;;the duo will be meeting sushmaswaraj swaraj later in the day.
;;-0.8402;;new delhi: an air ambulance of the medanta hospital today crash landed near bangkok after it caught fire, resulting in the death of its pilot and injuries to four crew members, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said tonight.
;;-0.1027;;by ptibishkek: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her pakistani counterpart shah mehmood qureshi exchanged pleasantries during a sco meeting here on wednesday and sat next to each other during a joint call on on kyrgyz president, amid strained ties between the two nuclear-armed neighbours.
;;0.0;;swaraj and qureshi attended the meeting of the council of foreign ministers (cfm) of shanghai cooperation organisation (sco), which was founded at a summit in shanghai in 2001 by the presidents of russia, china, kyrgyz republic, kazakhstan, tajikistan and uzbekistan.
;;-0.7484;;also read| lanka & pulwama attacks have made india more determined in fighting terror: swaraj to scopakistani media reported that two leaders sat next to each other during a multilateral meeting of the foreign ministers of the shanghai cooperation organisation.
;;0.0;;swaraj arrived here in the kyrgyz capital on tuesday to attend the sco foreign ministers meeting.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, in a tweet, announced about the identification of suneja's body.
;;0.0;;chinese fm wang yi calls on prime minister narendra modi, external affairs ministry spokesman vikas swarup posted on twitter.
;;0.4588;;wang is visiting india for holding talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on various issues of mutual interest.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendra modi with his malaysian counterpart najib razak looks as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj exchange the documents at hyderabad house in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;new delhi: there are 301 indian fishermen in pakistan's custody but islamabad has confirmed custody of only 77 fishermen so far, said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;responding to khan's comments, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said, i don't understand these statements.
;;-0.5267;;also read: talks and terror cannot go together, it applies to jammu and kashmir too: army chief bipin rawatprime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also wrote to their counterparts and congratulated them after they assumed office, he said at a media briefing.
;;-0.1027;;koppal:external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has once again come in with timely help of a bereaved family.
;;-0.3182;;shocked over the incident, s b quadri, father of the youth and a close associate of gangavati mla iqbal ansari, brought the incident to the notice of sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;by ptinew delhi: hamid nihal ansari, the software engineer who has returned home after spending six years in a pakistani jail, met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday and narrated his ordeal.
;;0.4404;;ansari, who was accompanied by his mother and other family members, also thanked swaraj and the ministry of external affairs for persisting with the case and taking it up with islamabad.
;;0.0;;ramananda sengupta byexpress news servicenew delhi: hamid nihal ansari, the software engineer from mumbai who returned to india after serving three years in a pakistani prison for spying, on tuesday, met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi on wednesday with his family to express his gratitude and recount his ordeal there.
;;0.0;;on the same day, minister of state for external affairs gen.
;;0.4939;;an emotional fauzia on wednesday said the credit should go to sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;by express news servicenew delhi: the 12th india-uae joint commission meeting for economic and technical cooperation will be co-chaired by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj along with her counterpart sheikh abdullah bin zayed al nahyan in abu dhabi during her official visit to the gulf country from december 3-4.
;;0.0;;along with the uae foreign minister, swaraj would inaugurate a gandhi-zayed digital museum in abu dhabi to mark the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi and the birth centenary of shaikh zayed, founder of the modern uae.
;;-0.2263;;new york: lambasting pakistans nefarious design on jammu and kashmir, minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday advised islamabad to abandon its dream of separating any part of india, saying jammu and kashmir is an integral part of india and will always remain so.
;;-0.872;;calling upon the international community to acknowledge that terrorism is undoubtedly the biggest violation of human rights, swaraj added, it targets the innocent and kills indiscriminately.
;;-0.802;;a day after the arrest of an american national in hyderabad for sharing child sexual abuse material online, minister of women and child development maneka gandhi has tweeted tagging external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj asking that our visa rules be revised so that applicants are required to make a declaration of their criminal record in their country, if any.
;;0.0;;the external affairs ministry has decided to take it over and develop it on the lines of hyderabad house at delhi, to be used as a venue for meetings with international delegates, union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has written to local mla mangalprabhat lodha, who had been following up the issue for a long time.
;;0.0;;the meeting has been called by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and will be held at 5 p.
;;-0.886;;by ptiwuzhen: the pulwama attack is the direct result of the impunity and cover provided to the jaish-e-muhammed terror group by pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said wednesday as she forcefully raised the terror strike with her chinese counterpart wang yi here.
;;-0.7506;;watch: sushmaswaraj swaraj raises pulwama concerns with chinese counterpart wang yithe jem, founded by azhar, has already been in the un's list of banned terror outfits.
;;0.25;;earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on solih and discussed bilateral and regional issues of mutual interests.
;;-0.34;;the warning comes barely a week before foreign secretary s jaishankars visit to china for the first india china strategic dialogue, finalised by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her chinese counterpart wang yi during the latters visit to new delhi in august last year.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, today held talks with myanmarese leaders on key bilateral issues.
;;0.2732;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who arrived here on a day-long visit, held talks with myanmarese leaders on key bilateral issues, including cross-border activities by certain insurgent groups.
;;0.6486;;in the first high-level visit from india after the civilian government assumed office here, swaraj called on president u htin kyaw and held extensive talks with state counsellor and foreign minister aung san suu kyi during which she conveyed india's commitment of all help to the new government.
;;0.4939;;describing india as a friendly country, myanmarese president told swaraj that he looks forward to a very productive partnership.
;;0.4019;;swaraj also discussed with the myanmarese leadership how india can help in myanmar's development efforts.
;;0.6369;;congratulating suu kyi on her party's victory in the first genuine election, swaraj assured her of all help.
;;0.0;;according to a statement published by the office of sri lanka's prime minister ranil wickremesinghe, the country's petroleum minister arjuna ranatunga has sought information on how india will act in the case of tighter sanctions from indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, sri lankan leading economic news agency 'economynext' reported.
;;0.3612;;swaraj had explained india's strategy on india and has said sri lanka could also follow the process and promised further information.
;;0.0;;all formalities to bring them back have been completed, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in a letter to bjp state president kummanam rajasekharan.
;;-0.25;;by ptivaranasi: a row has erupted over distribution of a booklet featuring m j akbar, who resigned as minister of state for external affairs following allegations of sexual misconduct by several women, to delegates at the pravasi bharatiya diwas here.
;;-0.25;;akbar had resigned as junior external affairs minister in the wake of allegation of sexual misconduct during his tenure as a senior editor.
;;0.0;;in the booklet, akbar also features in the inside pages as part of team mea alongside external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, mos general vk singh and others.
;;0.2023;;its distribution at the external affairs ministry's top event 15th pravasi bharatiya diwas, sparked sharp reactions from various quarters on social media.
;;0.0;;union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj with us secretary of state john kerry before a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
;;-0.7783;;during her joint press conference with kerry, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said pakistan should stop terrorism and dismantle the lashkar-e-toiba, jaish-e-mohammad and the d-company networks.
;;-0.7096;;the incident evoked outrage from in the us and india with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj expressing shock over the incident.
;;-0.9217;;by iansnew delhi: terrorism, proliferation of weapons of mass destruction (wmds) and climate change are the three critical challenges the world is facing today, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on wednesday.
;;-0.6369;;there was a time when india would talk about terrorism, and it would be treated as a law and order issue on many global platforms, sushmaswaraj swaraj said while addressing 2019's raisina dialogue, india's flagship annual geopolitical and geostrategic conference, organised by the external affairs ministry in partnership with the observer research foundation (orf) think tank.
;;-0.7944;;sushma swaraj recalled that in 1996 india proposed a draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism (ccit) but lamented it has remained just a draft till today because we cannot agree on a common definition.
;;0.0;;fourthly, the external affairs minister said, india is building sustainable development partnerships stretching from the indian ocean and pacific islands to the caribbean, and from the continent of africa to the americas.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will be leaving for the unga on september 24 and will be addressing the assembly on september 26.
;;-0.4767;;swaraj will be taking on pakistan as all preliminary evidence in the uri attack is pointing towards it.
;;-0.6808;;at the same time, we believe that pakistan has always been opposed to terrorism, he said at the joint press conference with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and russian foreign minister sergei lavrov.
;;-0.926;;the agitators are asking for the arrest of the sri lankan navy man; have rejected the compensation offered by the tamil nadu government; and are insisting that indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj should see them and give them a concrete assurance that the guilty sri lankan navy man is arrested and there will be no more shootings.
;;0.0;;but neither swaraj nor any of the other two junior external affairs ministers have come.
;;-0.3804;;the solution probably lies in either sushmaswaraj swaraj or a senior minister visiting the agitators and giving them an assurance that the government of india will ensue that the sri lankan side does not resort to the use of firearms of any kind of violence against indian fishermen in the future as it is part of the commitment made at the indo-sri lanka joint working group on fishing.
;;0.4019;;according to media reports from india, the victim's india-based family members are looking into travelling to the uk and have sought the help of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;bengaluru: after a bengaluru based woman was allegedly strip-searched at frankfurt airport, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought a report on this issue.
;;0.0;;@cgifrankfurt (sic), swaraj tweeted to indian consul general in frankfurt raveesh kumar.
;;0.0772;;kochi: relatives of three keralites who are among the five indians serving jail sentence in the uae for allegedly spying for the country are seeking appointment with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj when she visits kozhikode to attend the bjp national council meeting to be held from september 23.
;;0.0;;we have been trying for an appointment to meet sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi, to bring our plight to her attention.
;;0.4019;;according to him, shafiq, brother-in-law of muhammad ibrahim, has sought the help of rajya sabha mp and actor suresh gopi and bjp-kerala president kummanam rajasekharan to meet the external affairs minister during her visit to kerala.
;;-0.4939;;earlier, express had reported that the ministry of external affairs convened a meeting of relatives of the five indians jailed in the uae, in april in new delhi.
;;0.5106;;making a statement in the rajya sabha, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj expressed confidence that the trump administration will not let these incidents become a trend and is keeping a close watch on it.
;;0.8625;;the us authorities have responded strongly and assured us that they are working with all concerned agencies to ensure speedy justice, the external affairs minister added.
;;-0.4404;;seeking clarifications from swaraj on her statement, cpi(m) leader sitaram yechury asked whether the government is treating these incidents as law and order matter or growing hate atmosphere in us.
;;0.0323;;jd(u) leader sharad yadav complemented swaraj for her efforts in this matter.
;;0.34;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's active use of the social media to help indians in distress abroad came to the fore again on wednesday when she assured a 16-year-old girl that the indian embassy in the uae will help her father caught in a fraud case.
;;0.0;;late on wednesday, sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted: anjali -- i hv sent a word to the ambassador.
;;-0.3182;;a couple of days back, sushmaswaraj swaraj also helped a couple going abroad for their honeymoon after the wife lost her passport.
;;-0.5106;;tagging foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in his tweet, khan had written, my uk visa rejected.
;;0.0;;he arrived in delhi late monday evening and is scheduled to meet president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;by ptinew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met her bulgarian counterpart ekaterina zaharieva on saturday and the two discussed a range of bilateral issues including those related to the economy, agriculture and health.
;;0.0;;swaraj is on a two-day official visit to bulgaria, the first ever of an indian external affairs minister to the balkan nation, according to the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.3612;;two countries are natural partners based on the foundation of deep historical and cultural linkages dating back to 8th century, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
;;0.0;;the external affairs minister will visit the kingdom of morocco from february 17-18.
;;-0.2732;;delhi police had registered an fir earlier this month on the complaint of the woman as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj intervened in the matter.
;;-0.6369;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj condoled the tragic death after she was informed about the incident by the victim's brother through twitter seeking her help to bring back the body.
;;0.0;;lu's comments came ahead of russia, india and china (ric) foreign ministers' meeting at chinese city of wuzhen on wednesday in which external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is due to take part.
;;0.0;;this development has come to light with the second letter of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to the punjab vidhan sabha speaker rana k p singh.
;;-0.0516;;expressing serious concern over the discourteous treatment to aap mlas kultar singh sandhwan and amarjit singh sandoa at the canadian airport, speaker rana k p singh wrote to the external affairs minister for an action in the matter on july 25.
;;0.5267;;expressing gratitude for the external affairs minister's efforts in the matter, rana k p singh has advised all the mlas to follow the prescribed procedure for their visit to abroad including obtaining of political clearance from the ministry of external affairs and providing prior information to indian missions abroad, even for their private visits.
;;0.4939;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had visited nepal before oli took office to congratulate him for the historic victory of the left alliance in nepal's parliamentary and provincial elections.
;;-0.296;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today spoke to one of the two clerics of delhi's hazrat nizamuddin dargah, who were later traced after going missing in pakistan.
;;0.0;;yesterday, swaraj had spoken to pakistan prime minister's adviser on foreign affairs, sartaj aziz, regarding the case.
;;0.0258;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has taken up the matter with the government of pakistan.
;;0.0;;/4  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 17, 2017indian nationals syed asif li nizami aged 80 years and his nephew nazim ali nizami had gone to pakistan on 8 march 2017.
;;0.0;;jual said he, along with union minister dharmendra pradhan and rourkela bjp legislator dilip ray, had held discussions with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on setting up of a psk at rourkela.
;;-0.2263;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday assured an impartial probe into the alleged racial attack on some nigerian students in uttar pradesh and promised action against the guilty.
;;0.3612;;i also talked to chief minister aditya nath yogi and asked him for a public assurance of an impartial probe into the matter, swaraj informed the rajya sabha.
;;0.0516;;unless the probe is complete, it will not be appropriate for me to say anything on the matter, added swaraj, after janata dal-united member sharad yadav raised the matter in rajya sabha.
;;0.7964;;indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had at the last heart of asia ministerial conference in islamabad expressed her country's desire to join the afghanistan-pakistan trade and transit agreement.
;;-0.0332;;president ghani, meanwhile, also pointed out in his comments that afghanistan was no more entirely reliant on pakistan for its external trade as it has got other routes for exports and imports.
;;0.6369;;by ptinew delhi: hamid nihal ansari, the software engineer who returned home after spending six years in a pakistani jail, told external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj that he landed up in the neighbouring country in pursuit of the girl he was in love with.
;;0.0;;asked about the meeting at a media briefing thursday, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said swaraj enquired about his wellbeing during their interaction.
;;-0.1877;;new delhi: the new us administration under president donald trump has so far not announced any comprehensive policy changes impacting high-skill visa programmes, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said.
;;-0.296;;by aninew delhi: the delhi government on wednesday announced a two-day state mourning as a mark of respect for senior bjp leader and former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who passed away due to a cardiac arrest, late night on tuesday.
;;0.3182;;arvind kejriwal (@arvindkejriwal) 7 august 2019kejriwal along with deputy chief minister manish sisodia also paid their last respects to sushmaswaraj swaraj, at her residence in the national capital.
;;0.6486;;read | rip sushmaswaraj swaraj: super mom who rescued stranded indiansswaraj passed away due to a cardiac arrest on tuesday night.
;;0.34;;bambawale referred to indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's and modi's visits to islamabad and lahore respectively in december last year.
;;-0.8225;;by ptinew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has hinted that any bilateral cricket series between india and pakistan is unlikely unless pakistan stops cross-border terrorism and firing.
;;0.0;;swaraj said this to parliament's consultative committee on external affairs during a meeting which was also attended by minister of state for external affairs m j akbar and foreign secretary s jaishankar.
;;-0.836;;responding to a query on india-pakistan cricket series on a neutral venue, the external affairs minister hinted that it seemed unlikely until pakistan stopped cross-border terrorism and firing, the member said.
;;0.0;;he will meet prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and visit several sites of co-operation and joint projects between the two nations.
;;-0.9413;;incitement to violence and terrorism across the border, parading of internationally recognised terrorists like hafiz saeed and syed salahuddin, and sincere follow up on the mumbai attack trial and the pathankot attack investigation in pakistan, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said.
;;0.1531;;he was replying to a question on a statement by prime minister's advisor on foreign affairs sartaj aziz at a press briefing yesterday that pakistan would invite india for a dialogue on jammu & kashmir for which the pakistan foreign secretary would be writing to his indian counterpart.
;;-0.5873;;at a separate event, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, unlike in the past we cannot agree that dialogue with sponsor and supporters of terrorism should carry on without being linked to action in that regard, in an apparent reference to pakistan.
;;-0.5574;;at the international level we are also putting the spotlight on early conclusion of a comprehensive convention on international terrorism, sushmaswaraj added.
;;0.0;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought a report from the indian high commission in pakistan about a man lodged in a jail there for the past 32 years.
;;0.0;;quoting a story published on a website, swaraj today tweeted, i have asked indian high commissioner in pakistan to send me a report on this.
;;0.4019;;mumbai: five days after offering help to a stranded british couple in mumbai, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj asked the uk government when they would issue the passport for their infant daughter of about five-months.
;;0.4019;;apparently moved by the plight of the newmans of epsom in surrey, sushmaswaraj on september 14 gave a heart-warming tweet: we will help (you) with extension for your visa.
;;0.7351;;however, after the latest assurance tweeted by sushmaswaraj - to extend their visas till britain issues lily's passport - would prove to be a big relief for the newmans, who are now in their 40s.
;;0.0;;after the british media highlighted the newmans' plight, sushmaswaraj swaraj defended india's surrogacy (regular) bill, 2016 in a series of sharp tweets.
;;0.0258;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that she has taken up the matter with islamabad.
;;0.4019;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted promising quick action in the case.
;;0.0;;the ministry of external affairs spokesman gopal baglay said counter-terror collaboration with members of the sco, such as china and pakistan, was a possibility.
;;0.0;;however, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj ruled out any bilateral meeting with pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif during the summit.
;;0.0;;new delhi: minister of state for external affairs m.j. akbar is in palestine to co-chair the first joint commission meeting (jcm) between india and palestine on november 8-9.
;;0.0;;the palestinian side will be co-chaired by its foreign minister riad al-maliki, said a statement issued by the ministry of external affairs here.
;;0.2732;;in order to give a further impetus to this bilateral relationship, it was agreed to establish this jcm during external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's visit to palestine in january.
;;0.1027;;it bars unmarried couples, single parents, live-in partners and homosexuals from opting for surrogacy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who headed the group of ministers, which cleared the bill said.
;;0.1027;;the gom, headed by swaraj, had recently cleared the bill and referred it to the union cabinet for a final call.
;;0.2686;;on thursday, the protesters demanded that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visit them and assure that they would not be attacked by sri lankan naval men while fishing in their traditional areas in the palk strait.
;;0.4468;;bhubaneswar: union minister of state for external affairs gen vk singh on tuesday played it safe on the contentious issue of according special category status to odisha saying the state government has failed to achieve desired level of development despite adequate fund flow from the centre.
;;0.3612;;last month, union minister of state for petroleum and natural gas dharmendra pradhan had requested external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for starting popsks at seven more places in angul, berhampur, balasore, kendrapada, balangir, jajpur and bhawanipatna.
;;0.0;;according to a schedule put out by the external affairs ministry, modi was to meet rouhani at 3:35 pm (local time).
;;0.6705;;in her meeting with zarif, then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj conveyed to him that india will take a decision on the import of iranian oil after the lok sabha polls, keeping in mind its commercial, economic and energy security interests.
;;0.0;;during his visit, momen will call on prime minister modi on thursday morning and hold talks with his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday.
;;0.0;;the last jcc meet was held in dhaka on october 22-23, 2017 when swaraj led the indian delegation.
;;0.3919;;not only me but finance minister arun jaitely, mea minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and pmo agreed on having salve our representation.
;;-0.6705;;patna: bihar chief minister nitish kumar has written to union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, expressing disappointment at the resignation of nalanda university chancellor george yeo over the centre's intervention in the functioning of the institution and urging the nda government not to tamper with the essence behind the idea of nalanda.
;;-0.4023;;in his strong-worded two-page letter to swaraj, he said the chancellor alleged that he was not taken into confidence on the decision to dissolve the previous governing board or constitute a new one.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during her last visit to dhaka had termed the partnership as all encompassing that goes far beyond a strategic partnership touching upon virtually all areas of human endeavour.
;;-0.5267;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs threat has worked.
;;-0.3632;;sushma warned that if amazon did not remove the item from its goods on sale, india would not grant visa to its staff.
;;0.128;;amidst reports that the duo had been detained by pakistani intelligence agencies, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj used twitter to announce that she had taken up the matter with the pakistan government.
;;0.6597;;the victim's family members have sought help from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and have urged her to help them travel to london.
;;0.5859;;by ptidoha: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday left on her maiden visit to kuwait after wrapping up her successful two-day visit to qatar.
;;0.2023;;swaraj on monday met emir of qatar sheikh tamim bin hamad al-thani and discussed ways to move forward on the roadmap set by the top leaders of the two countries.
;;0.5859;;after a successful visit to qatar, eam sushmaswaraj swaraj departs on her maiden visit to kuwait.
;;0.0;;eam will hold discussions with the leadership of kuwait and interact with indian community members, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
;;0.0;;during her doha visit, swaraj held delegation-level talks with her counterpart h e sheikh mohammed bin abdulrahman al thani.
;;0.4215;;both sides discussed the entire gamut of bilateral relations and signed a declaration to establish joint commission at the level of external affairs and foreign minister to periodically review progress in various cooperation initiatives, the external affairs ministry said in a statement.
;;0.0;;swaraj had arrived in doha on sunday on the first leg of her four-day visit to qatar and kuwait.
;;0.0;;we have received an official confirmation from pakistan that aziz would be attending the heart of asia conference on afghanistan, ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup said in new delhi.
;;-0.25;;it remains unclear if external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will be attending the conference as she has been unwell.
;;0.1531;;also read: sherin mathews murder case- adoptive father wesley pleads guilty to lesser chargesherin's death attracted the attention of the indian government and then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took keen interest in the case and also instructed the indian mission in houston to make sure that the indian toddler received justice.
;;0.1027;;apart from singh, who is now the defence minister, the gom in the last government, had then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and then women and child development minister maneka gandhi as its members.
;;0.5106;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said that she has spoken to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath about the attack on four nigerian students in greater noida and he has assured fair and impartial probe into the matter.
;;-0.4019;;new delhi: amid unease in ties, chinese foreign minister wang yi will arrive here next week to hold talks with his counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj on august 13 during which key regional and bilateral issues will be discussed, including the nsg issue.
;;0.25;;announcing the visit, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said the leaders will discuss various issues of mutual interests including the upcoming multilateral meetings with g-20 summit being held in china and the brics summit being held in india.
;;0.0;;in beijing, sources said wang will visit india from august 12-14 at the invitation of swaraj.
;;0.0258;;earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that she has taken up the matter with islamabad.
;;0.0;;by ptinew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today that indian missions in canada are working round the clock after a blast at an indian restaurant in ontario province.
;;0.6597;;like most nris, the couple too were fond of prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, bollywood veteran amitabh bachchan and superstar shah rukh khan.
;;-0.3818;;in her address to the un general assembly here, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said climate change is a serious challenge confronting the world as there are enough resources on this planet to fulfill everyone's needs but not enough to fulfill anyone's greed since greed is limitless.
;;0.7783;;swaraj pointed out that india has launched an ambitious domestic effort to transform its energy mix to achieve 40 per cent energy from non-fossil fuel sources by 2030.
;;-0.6249;;swaraj underlined that the true challenge of the current times is to end the curse of harsh poverty that still lurks in so many corners of the world and to ensure that the fruits of growing prosperity reach those who need it most.
;;-0.1695;;responding to a question at a news conference, india's foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj cited an order by the country's central bank saying it did not allow trade using cryptocurrency.
;;-0.34;;india, however, has asked the us to find a just and non-discriminatory solution to the issue to avoid any adverse effect on the bilateral trade ties, said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;sitharaman and external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj are co-chairs of the dialogue on the indian side alongside us secretary of state john kerry and us commerce secretary penny pritzker.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, the egyptian foreign minister attended the 7th india-egypt joint commission meeting led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4019;;ministry of external affairs spokesperson ravish kumar tweeted, eam @sushmaswaraj welcomes minister of foreign affairs of egypt sameh shoukry for the 7th joint commission meeting in n.delhi.
;;-0.5719;;@sushmaswaraj hello maam i type this tweet with immense faith in justice and in you and ironically with a lot of anger / hurt and agony in my heart because of the way i was treated at the lucknow passport office at ratan square by mr. vikas mishra the reason because i marri 1/2  tanvi seth (@tanvianas) june 20, 2018seth took to twitter on wednesday to narrate the harrowing experience and sought the intervention of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj by tagging her in her post.
;;-0.4215;;expressing regret over the incident, verma said a report had been sent to the ministry of external affairs for further action.
;;0.4404;;a few days ago, the iranian foreign minister, mohammad javad zarif, came with folded hands imploring union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to continue oil imports on mutually beneficial terms.
;;-0.2924;;goel, who is a minister of state for parliamentary affairs, also did not clear dues running into nearly rs 3 lakh while minister of state for agriculture gajendra singh had dues of rs 2,88,269 till february, it stated.
;;0.0;;responding to the rti query, the directorate said external affairs minister swaraj had pending dues of rs 98,890 on her official bungalow till the same period.
;;-0.1531;;vijayawada: telugu desam party mp rayapati sambasiva rao today offered one of his kidneys to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who is undergoing treatment for renal failure.
;;0.0;;the 73-year-old mp from narsaraopet wrote a letter to swaraj (64), who is currently on dialysis in the all india institute of medical sciences in new delhi.
;;-0.4404;;swaraj had on wednesday tweeted that she was admitted to aiims due to kidney failure and has been undergoing tests for a transplant.
;;0.0;;sambalpur: union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had personally written to odisha chief minister naveen patnaik to attend post office passport seva kendra (popsk) in sambalpur.
;;0.0;;minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj and us secretary of state john kerry arrive prior to a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.5574;;that is the only way we will have a chance of adequately meeting the promise of paris and adequately meeting the challenge of climate change, kerry said during the joint press interaction with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during second india-us strategic and commercial dialogue.
;;0.0;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will hold extensive talks with her iraqi counterpart ibrahim al-jaafari tomorrow during which focus is expected to be on the issue of 39 indians kidnapped by the isis three years back from mosul city.
;;0.6249;;on the visit by al-jaafari, the external affairs ministry has said the two sides will discuss the entire gamut of bilateral ties as well as regional and international issues of mutual interest.
;;-0.3818;;minister of state for external affairs v k singh was sent to iraq days after the iraqi pm announced victory in the fight to liberate mosul.
;;0.4404;;ansari and his family have thanked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her ministry for persisting with the case and taking it up with islamabad.
;;-0.2263;;ansari had an emotional interaction with swaraj on wednesday as he narrated the difficult phase he had to endure through in pakistan.
;;0.0;;by ptivientiane: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj attended an indian community event in vientiane on thursday, shortly after she arrived in the laos capital on a two-day visit.
;;0.0;;external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said the minister interacted with participants at the community event.
;;0.6808;;in her address, swaraj appreciated the role of the indian community in acting as a bridge to strengthen india-laos relations.
;;0.34;;swaraj will hold the 9th joint commission meeting with her laotian counterpart saleumxay kommasith and call on important dignitaries before departing for delhi.
;;-0.5994;;by express news servicethiruvananthapuram: condolences poured in from all quarters on the death of former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4404;;sushma had made a meaningful intervention for setting free 32 fishermen from kerala and tamil nadu who were detained at diego garcia on february 2017.
;;0.0;;the state, upon hearing the report immediately, sent a representation to sushmaswaraj who was then the external affairs minister, said fisheries minister mercykutty amma, in a statement.
;;0.0;;the external affairs ministry immediately contacted the british government and expedited the release of the fishermen.
;;0.4168;;hitting out at qureshi for his recent statement on kartarpur corridor, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had on saturday said that india was not trapped by pakistan's googlies.
;;0.1531;;taking to her twitter handle, external affairs minister swaraj told qureshi that his googly remark exposed him, and also shows that he has no respect for the sentiments of the sikh community.
;;0.34;;you only play googlies, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.8807;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, speaking in hindi at the united nations general assembly, said prime minister narendra modi had extended the hand of friendship to pakistan by inviting his counterpart nawaz sharif to his swearing-in ceremony in may 2014, and also visiting lahore last december in a goodwill gesture.
;;-0.3425;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj rejected trump's comment yesterday and said india signed the paris climate pact not because of pressure from any country or due to the lure of money.
;;0.3612;;talking about the september 4 event to grant sainthood to mother teresa, he said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj would attend the canonisation in the vatican.
;;-0.8573;;addressing the shanghai cooperation organisation council of foreign ministers' meeting here in the kyrgyz capital, also attended by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, qureshi said pakistan condenmed terrorism in all its forms but stressed the need for addressing the root causes of the problem.
;;0.0772;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the central government was taking immediate action and that she had spoken to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath who had assured her of a fair and impartial investigation into this unfortunate incident.
;;0.729;;i would caution pakistan to consider the consequences for our bilateral relationship if they proceed on this matter, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, adding that india would go out of the way to ensure justice for jadhav.
;;0.0;;ramananda sengupta byexpress news servicenew delhi: one prime minister and at least six foreign ministers are in new delhi this week, mostly in connection with the annual raisina dialogue (january 8-10) organised by the observer research foundation and the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.25;;in the evening, she, along with mos, external affairs, gen (retd) v k singh, inaugurated the new chancery of the norwegian embassy, which is one of the few buildings in india to make use of geo-thermal wells.
;;0.2732;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will call on her before she meets pm narendra modi at hyderabad house, where the two sides with exchange agreements after delegation level talks.
;;0.7964;;addressing the meeting of shanghai cooperation organisation council of foreign ministers here in the kyrgyz capital, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said india is determined to consistently strengthen cooperation within the sco framework for comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable security.
;;-0.6808;;also read | sushmaswaraj swaraj meets kyrgyz counterpart ahead of sco foreign ministers meet on tuesdayour heart goes out to our brothers and sisters of sri lanka, who have recently witnessed the ghastly act of terrorism.
;;0.4939;;dr minz successfully undertook a kidney transplant surgery on external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;during his visit prime minister wickeremesinghe will be meeting external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, minister of home affairs rajnath singh and minister of road transport and highways and shipping nitin gadkari.
;;0.0;;by ptinew delhi: union ministers harsimrat kaur badal and hardeep singh puri will travel to pakistan next week for the groundbreaking ceremony of the kartarpur corridor, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj conveyed to islamabad saturday.
;;0.6124;;in a letter to qureshi, swaraj thanked her pakistani counterpart for the invite and said she was unable to travel to kartarpur sahib due to prior commitments including election campaign in telangana and that india will be represented at the ceremony by harsimrat kaur badal and puri.
;;0.6597;;being mindful of the sentiments of our sikh citizens and the importance of facilitating their smooth and easy access to holy gurudwara katarpur sahib, we will be sending hasimrat kaur badal, minister for food processing and industries, and hardeep singh puri, minister of state for housing and urban affairs, as the government of india's representatives for the event planned for november 28, she said in the letter.
;;0.7269;;swaraj also hoped that the pakistan government will expedite the construction of the corridor in order to ensure that our citizens can pay their respects at the gurudwara kartarpur sahib using the corridor as soon as possible.
;;0.0;;apart from swaraj, qureshi also invited punjab chief minister amarinder singh and state cabinet minister navjot singh sidhu to the ceremony.
;;0.0;;ramananda sengupta byexpress news servicenew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chinas state councillor and foreign minister wang yi co-chaired the first meeting of the first india-china high-level people-to-people and cultural exchanges mechanism on friday morning.
;;0.8481;;in a congratulatory message from beijing, president xi said that the two ancient civilisations have made significant contributions to human development and progress, and that the relationship is today actively moving forward, with mutual political trust deepening, practical cooperation accelerating, people-to-people and cultural exchanges flourishing, and bilateral coordination in international and regional affairs sustaining.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the two sufi clerics of delhi's hazrat nizamuddin dargah, who are returning from pakistan, will today meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4939;;swaraj had yesterday stated that she spoke to syed nazim ali nizami, one of the missing clerics, in karachi and was assured they were safe and would be back to delhi on monday.
;;0.4404;;he told me that they are safe and will be back in delhi tomorrow, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.0;;the issue had come up during a meeting between former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and iranian foreign minister javad zarif during the latter's visit to india last month.
;;-0.296;;both are missing after they landed in karachi airport, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had tweeted.
;;0.0;;she had returned to india following the intervention of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.1027;;he will hold delegation-level talks with prime minister modi tomorrow, besides meeting defence and finance minister arun jaitley and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.6908;;the mauritian pm's visit to india is part of our continuing engagement with the government of mauritius at the highest level and reflects special ties between our two countries, ministry of external affairs spokesperson gopal baglay had said yesterday.
;;0.0;;qureshi made the phone call after wang held extensive talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday on the sidelines of the russia, india, china (ric) foreign ministers meeting in the chinese city of wuzhen.
;;-0.886;;swaraj forcefully raised the terror strike issue with her chinese counterpart and said the pulwama attack is the direct result of the impunity and cover provided to the jaish-e-muhammed terror group by pakistan.
;;-0.6908;;watch: sushmaswaraj swaraj raises pulwama concerns with chinese counterpart wang yichina, a close ally of pakistan has repeatedly foiled india's attempts to brand jem chief masood azhar as a global terrorist by the un.
;;-0.7096;;also read | uk minister holds talks with sushmaswaraj swaraj, qureshibriefing the media after the ric ministers talks, wang said, we agreed to jointly combat all forms terrorism through closer policy coordination and practical cooperation.
;;-0.6808;;at the same time, we believe that pakistan has always been opposed to terrorism, he said at the joint press conference with swaraj and russian foreign minister sergei lavrov.
;;0.8591;;in her letter, sunayana narrated srinivas admiration for prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and wished to meet both of them to share his joy, posthumously.
;;0.4215;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has announced the release of five indians from kerala who were jailed in togo and appreciated the indian mission in and consulate in togo for their support.
;;0.5106;;the external affairs minister has in the past been appreciated for her timely interventions and speedy responses on social media, which has made her one of the most followed politicians on the platform.
;;0.0;;speculations are also rife that he would contest the next lok sabha polls from vidisha, currently the parliamentary constituency of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.5106;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today assured a pakistani man medical visa for his father provided the case was recommended by the country's adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz.
;;-0.4019;;watch video:only a letter of recommendation by pakistan foreign affairs advisor sartaj aziz will enable a pakistani national to get a medical visa for india, the external affairs ministry had said recently, a condition reflective of the strained ties between the two neighbours.
;;-0.5574;;highlighting the two pending tasks of general assembly, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said despite the passage of two decades, the comprehensive convention on international terrorism, which was proposed by india in 1996, is yet to be implemented.
;;0.2023;;swaraj added that an expansion in the permanent and non-permanent membership of the council to reflect contemporary realities is an urgent necessity.
;;0.0;;uk foreign secretary jeremy hunt held telephonic conversations with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and pakistan foreign minister shah mehmood qureshi on monday, the uk foreign and commonwealth office (fco) said in a statement.
;;0.0;;according to a schedule put out by the external affairs ministry, modi was to meet rouhani at 3:35 pm (local time).
;;0.6705;;in her meeting with zarif, the then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj conveyed to him that india will take a decision on the import of iranian oil after the lok sabha polls, keeping in mind its commercial, economic and energy security interests.
;;0.0;;islamabad: adviser to prime minister on foreign affairs sartaj aziz has confirmed that pakistan will be attending the upcoming heart of asia conference scheduled to be held in india.
;;0.0;;pakistan hosted the last ministerial conference in december 2015 which was also attended by indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday met myanmar's state counsellor and foreign minister aung san suu kyi here.
;;0.0;;eam meets daw aung san suu kyi, state counsellor & fm of myanmar, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted along with pictures of the two leaders.
;;0.0;;after arriving in nay pyi taw earlier on monday, sushmaswaraj swaraj first met myanmar president u htin kyaw.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj is being accompanied by foreign secretary s. jaishankar and other senior officials of the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.0;;last month, in a meeting with minister of state for external affairs v.k. singh on the sidelines of the association of southeast asian nations (asean) foreign ministers' meeting in laos, suu kyi said that she looked forward to visiting india.
;;-0.5106;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said the mortal remains of a man from delhi, who died of cardiac arrest in tokyo two weeks ago, will be brought back home tomorrow, days after his family sought government's help citing financial constraints.
;;0.0258;;the mortal remains will reach new delhi by ana flight from tokyo on 24 december at 2400 hrs, swaraj tweeted today.
;;-0.6705;;the external affairs minister is known for her prompt response in addressing problems of distressed indians abroad.
;;0.6808;;hoping for your support in this matter, dcw chairperson swati maliwal had said in a letter to swaraj last week.
;;0.5423;;addressing the shanghai cooperation organisation council of foreign ministers' meeting in bishkek, the kyrgyz capital, also attended by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, qureshi said enduring peace and prosperity in south asia will remain elusive without good-faith diplomacy and result-oriented dialogue.
;;-0.802;;new delhi: a day after union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj lambasted pakistan at the un general assembly, india on tuesday handed over the names and details of terrorists involved in the uri attack to islamabads envoy in delhi.
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told parliament recently that iran had yet to ratify a trilateral pact to set up the transit corridor to afghanistan that was signed on a visit last year by prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.0;;after the cabinet meeting, prime minister narendra modi presided over a core group meeting, which was attended by senior colleagues, including union minister for home affairs rajnath singh, minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj, minister for road and surface transport nitin gandakri.
;;-0.8555;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said that police investigations into the death of a 22-year-old zambian student in gujarat suggest that it was a case of suicide.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said that her ministry is in the process of getting jinnah house, the sea-facing mumbai bungalow of pakistan founder mohammad ali jinnah, transferred in its name.
;;0.0;;lodha had written to swaraj on october 5 requesting that jinnah house should be made a cultural centre.
;;0.0;;he told external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to stay in india, while he went to the us, he said.
;;0.1779;;new delhi: two sisters today sought help from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in bringing back their mother who is stuck in oman after being allegedly ill-treated by recruitment agents.
;;0.0;;/3@indemb_muscat, swaraj tweeted.
;;-0.6124;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has categorically ruled out the possibility of resumption of bilateral talks with pakistan unless it stops cross-border terror activities against india.
;;0.6705;;by ptinew delh: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tuesday held constructive talks with her iranian counterpart javad zarif and conveyed to him that india will take a decision on import of iranian oil after the lok sabha polls, keeping in mind its commercial, economic and energy security interests.
;;0.0;;in a tweet, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar described the discussions between swaraj and zarif as constructive.
;;0.6705;;twitter.com/bf04by3hlj  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) may 14, 2019official sources said swaraj reiterated the position that a decision will be taken after the elections based on commercial considerations, energy security and economic interests.
;;0.5423;;in the meeting, swaraj and zarif shared their views on the situation in afghanistan and agreed to maintain close coordination on the evolving situation, the sources said.
;;0.0;;gambhir, who was chosen to deliver india's stinging reply to pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif's un address last week, said in response to lodhi's statement: and finally, it appears that the distinguished representative of pakistan did not hear what our minister of external affairs said - that the state of jammu and kashmir is an integral part of india and will always continue to do so.
;;-0.7269;;she said lodhi's right to reply to indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's speech was aimed to divert attention from the country's continued sponsorship of terror and described her remarks on the kashmir unrest as fanciful and misleading.
;;-0.7506;;new delhi: two persons have been arrested here for assaulting and robbing a kenyan woman here, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on thursday.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also called on the bhutanese premier this morning.
;;0.4019;;swaraj congratulated tshering on the assumption of the high office of bhutan's prime minister and the two leaders had a warm exchange of views on important aspects of the bilateral relationship, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
;;-0.0772;;syed asif ali nizami (right) and syed nazim ali nizami (second right) have a word with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi on monday | shekhar yadavnew delhi: two indian clerics, who went missing in pakistan, returned on monday, though confusion remained over what really happened to them there, with some reports claiming that they had been picked up by pakistans spy agency inter-services intelligence (isi).
;;0.6486;;syed asif nizami (80), the sajjadanashin (head cleric) of the hazrat nizamuddin dargah, returned after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj sought the intervention of foreign affairs advisor to pakistan prime minister, sartaj aziz, to secure their safe return.
;;0.0;;they flew back by a pakistan international airlines flight and met external sushmaswaraj swaraj here.
;;0.4767;;however, sajid nizami, son of asif nizami, alleged that the duo was taken away after a report appeared in a pakistani urdu daily which claimed the duo had links with indian external intelligence agency research and analysis wing (r&aw).
;;0.926;;after meeting swaraj, nazim ali nizami thanked the indian government, particularly the minister, for their safe return and said they had gone to the neighbouring country with a message of peace and love.
;;-0.4767;;islamabad: india has issued a medical visa to a two-and-a-half-month-old baby from pakistan, suffering from a heart disease, after his father sought intervention of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.1027;;earlier this week, ken sid, a pakistani national, reached out to swaraj through the social media platform for a medical visa for his son, who has a heart complication which cannot be treated in pakistan.
;;0.5859;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday informed that the matter of an indian woman being asked to strip by the security officials as part of 'random security check' has taken up with frankfurt airport authorities and added that police reports are awaited.
;;0.0;;sushma took to her twitter handle and said that the reports of the police investigation is awaited in this matter.
;;0.0;;earlier on saturday, sushmaswaraj sought report over the alleged incident at germany's frankfurt airport.
;;0.0;;@cgifrankfurt, swaraj tweeted.
;;-0.6124;;puri, the union minister of state of housing and urban affairs (independent charge), also said,now what use of the corridor would be, if these kind of acts of terrorism or elements which are committed to creating trouble (continue).
;;-0.7909;;talks, no, says indiareiterating the government's stand on dialogue with pakistan, he said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has already gone on record that terror and talks do not make a good companion.
;;0.5267;;the home minister will also visit a buddhist monastery and hold a meeting with his counterpart and minister for justice and interior affairs on saturday.
;;0.2732;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also visited the country in april this year and discussed economic cooperation in infrastructure development, energy, services and information technology with her mongolian counterpart.
;;0.0;;swaraj was the first indian foreign minister to visit the resource-rich country in 42 years.
;;0.3612;;we thank external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, he added.
;;-0.6705;;while external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had condemned the attack and assured of action against the perpetrators, there has been a political silence from the government of uttar pradeshsomething that the diplomats said was expected.
;;-0.7906;;reacting to the strong remarks by african envoys, the ministry of external affairs said: it is unfortunate that a criminal act triggered following the untimely death of indian student has been termed xenophobic and racial.
;;-0.7701;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had warned that jadhav's execution would be taken by india as a pre-meditated murder and pakistan should consider its consequences on bilateral relations if it proceeds on this matter.
;;-0.5267;;beijing: state run chinese media has alleged indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj of lying in her country's parliament on the border standoff between india and china in doklam.
;;0.743;;in an editorial titled military conflicts to escalate if india refuses to withdraw troops, the global times, citing indian media reports, said that indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday informed her countrys parliament that all countries are in india's support, and india is alert to the need to protect its security near the border where the boundaries of china, india and bhutan meet.
;;0.1164;;on thursday, the ministry of external affairs (mea) reiterated that differences between india and china should not and would not be allowed to become disputes, and added that communication between the two governments have never ceased, nor have been broken.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj informed parliament that all countries, including bhutan, are with india with regard to the dokhlam plateau stand-off.
;;0.6124;;it has done things like repair roads, re-tar them and things like that,swaraj added.
;;-0.6808;;the issue of china's presence in the south china sea was also countered by swaraj, who said, there is no threat to india from beijing in terms of sea presence.
;;-0.925;;i call on each state to effectively combat terrorist networks and their funding channels and to prevent the cross-border movement of terrorist groups, such as jaish-e-mohamed, who has claimed responsibility for this attack, added the french minister of europe and foreign affairs, jean-yves le drian.
;;-0.875;;ranil wickremesinghe (@rw_unp) 14 february 2019it was with deep shock and horror that i learnt of the bomb blast in pulwama, kashmir, that caused tragic loss of life and distress to many dozens of crpf personnel, wrote abdulla shahid, the maldives foreign minister in a message to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.128;;mea hits out at paknew delhi: the ministry of external affairs on friday hit out at pakistan and reiterated the demand that jaish-e-mohammad chief, masood azhar, be proscribed by the un.
;;0.4215;;officials sources said the meeting was attended by chiefs of the three services, national security advisor ajit doval, finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and defence minister nirmala sitharaman.
;;-0.296;;the draft law also allows courts to send summonses and warrants to the accused through a specially designated website to be hosted by the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.0;;the bill was introduced by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in the upper house.
;;0.0;;by ptibeijing: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj arrived here today on a four-day visit during which she will hold talks with her chinese counterpart wang yi and take part in the foreign ministers' meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco).
;;0.0;;swaraj is due to meet wang tomorrow.
;;0.7096;;swaraj and wang are meeting in the immediate backdrop of the recent meeting between national security advisor ajit doval and top official of the ruling communist party of china (cpc) yang jiechi in shanghai.
;;0.2732;;besides meetings between officials from the two foreign ministries, both sides also held working mechanism meetings on border affairs and cross border rivers as well disarmament and non-proliferation dialogue in which india's entry into nsg was discussed.
;;0.0;;swaraj will take part in the foreign ministers' meeting of the eight-member sco on april 24.
;;0.4215;;swaraj and sitharaman would be in beijing around the same time to attend their respective meetings.
;;0.2411;;he, however, urged the government not to boycott the oic meeting over the issue of the invitation to foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4404;;jodhpur: while india and pakistan are busy rattling sabres, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has kept her good samaritan work going on twitter.
;;0.6256;;as she has done for several other seekers of help on the social media platform, swaraj responded on friday: pl do not worry.
;;0.4404;;this is only the latest good deed performed by swaraj, aside from her onerous duties as india's foreign minister.
;;-0.4404;;lahore: pakistan today conveyed to india that it was seriously pursuing with its law enforcement agencies the case of two missing indian clerics, an issue external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said has been taken up with the pakistani government.
;;-0.296;;both are missing after they landed in karachi airport, tweeted swaraj.
;;-0.6808;;read| stop terror, kartarpur corridor not linked to bilateral dialogue, sushmaswaraj swaraj tells pakistanthe kartarpur corridor, which will facilitate the visa-free travel of indian sikh pilgrims to gurdwara darbar sahib in kartarpur, is expected to be completed within six months.
;;0.6124;;pakistan had invited external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who thanked her pakistani counterpart shah mahmood qureshi for the invite and said she was unable to travel to kartarpur sahib due to prior commitments.
;;0.4019;;by uninew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday evening joined issue with her pakistani counterpart shah mahmood qureshi for his 'googly' remarks on kartarpur corridor engagement between two sides and said such remarks has only exposed islamabad's policy makers.
;;-0.0387;;mr foreign minister of pakistan - your 'googly' remarks in a dramatic manner has exposed none but you, ms swaraj tweeted two days after mr qureshi told a function in islamabad on thursday that imran (khan) delivered a 'googly' and india sent two ministers to pakistan.
;;0.2263;;ms swaraj maintained the remarks from mr qureshi only showed that you have no respect for sikh sentiments.
;;0.6571;;let me explain to you that we were not trapped by your 'googlies', the external affairs minister said making it clear that two sikh ministers went to kartarpur sahib to offer prayers in the holy gurudwara.
;;0.3182;;by ptinagpur: former union finance minister yashwant sinha monday claimed a meeting between external affairs ministers of india and pakistan had been cancelled because sushmaswaraj swaraj did not take the prime minister's office (pmo) into confidence.
;;0.5574;;accusing prime minister narendra modi of centralising the decision making, sinha cited a newspaper report to claim that the engagement was cancelled because external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj did not take the pmo into confidence before the meeting (scheduled between herself and her pakistan counterpart shah mahmood qureshi).
;;0.1027;;if (the voice of) the ministers of home, defence, foreign affairs and finance portfolios is not heard then who is left in that committee, asked sinha.
;;0.0;;thereafter, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on him.
;;-0.7269;;the announcement also came just a day before external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is to address the united nation general assembly where she is all set to make a forceful argument to isolate countries sponsoring and exporting terrorism.
;;0.34;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, tweeting about the incident, said that india has taken up the issue of security of indians in kuwait at the highest level.
;;-0.4588;;i asked for an immediate report and we have complete details of the unfortunate incident, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.0;;it is not for pakistan to decide as to what role another country has in regional or global affairs, responded mea spokesperson raveesh kumar.
;;0.7269;;on january 13, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her counterparts from six central asian states had said they would promote an afghan-led, afghan-owned peace process and reconciliation.
;;0.0;;pak cant decide on behalf of india, afghanit is not for pakistan to decide as to what role another country has in regional or global affairs, said mea spokesperson raveesh kumar.
;;0.34;;lankan pm meets sushmaswaraj , dovalwickremesinghe met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and national security advisor ajit doval besides prime minister modi.
;;0.0;;towards the end of the year, foreign minister and state councillor wang yi travelled to new delhi, where he attended the first meeting of the people-to-people mechanism with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.2023;;pompeo along with defence secretary james mattis were hosted by their indian counterparts, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman in new delhi.
;;0.0;;momen will co-chair the fifth joint consultative committee meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday.
;;0.3818;;the mp had promised to take up the matter with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.5423;;if it was a case of affair that sofia had with arun, i am puzzled about how a woman could love two men at a time, says abraham.
;;0.6369;;sam and sofia were members of the bethel marthoma churchs choir team and had also associated with the churchs sunday school which eventually led to a love affair between them.
;;0.4215;;anxiously waiting and praying for their safe return for more than a year, the families of the two teachers were excited as the news of their release was broken by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday.
;;0.4404;;meanwhile, telangana minister for non-resident indian (nri) affairs k. tarakarama rao thanked sushmaswaraj swaraj over release of the two engineers.
;;0.0;;khalilzad has already visited india and met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on january 10.
;;-0.0772;;read: india will go out of its way to ensure kulbhushan jadhav's return: sushmaswaraj swaraj in parliamentsingh said india's request for basic consular access to jadhav was denied several times.
;;-0.6908;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, in a suo motu statement made in both the houses of parliament, warned islamabad of consequences in bilateral relations if death sentence on kulbhushan jadhav is carried out.
;;0.5859;;while, the parliamentary board, where prime minister narendra modi, along with other members like bjp chief amit shah, home minister rajnath singh, ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj, arun jaitley, venkaiah naidu and nitin gadkari would be participate, would meet in delhi, the bjp has despatched two leaders to gujarat to formal endorsement of new leader.
;;0.2023;;the chief minister also said that when bjp's sushmaswaraj swaraj was the leader of opposition in the lok sabha a parliamentary committee headed by her had also recommended full statehood for puducherry.
;;-0.4019;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will not attend the heart of asia (hoa) conference in amritsar next week due to illness even as the government remained non-committal about a possible indo-pakistan bilateral meeting on the sidelines of the event.
;;-0.8419;;however, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup reiterated india's stated position that though the country is for dialogue but talks and terror cannot go hand- in-hand, when asked if there will be a bilateral meeting on the sidelines of the conference on afghanistan which is being attended by pakistan prime minister's foreign affairs adviser sartaj aziz.
;;0.0;;asked whether swaraj will attend the conference, he said the external affairs minister will not be able to attend.
;;-0.5106;;swaraj is undergoing treatment for kidney failure.
;;-0.4382;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is not only helping out indians in distress, she is also protecting indias pride manifested through national symbols.
;;0.4588;;please take this up with amazon at the highest level, swaraj tweeted in response.
;;-0.5267;;swaraj, recuperating after a kidney transplant, has been keeping a tab on the needs of the indians in distress across the globe through her twitter diplomacy.
;;0.0;;the decision was announced by the ministry of external affairs after prime minister narendra modi held talks with visiting saudi crown prince mohammed bin salman here.
;;0.5859;;naqvi hailed the decision and thanked the prime minister, saudi arabia's king salman bin abdul aziz, the crown prince and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;last year, gandhi had written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj asking her to reconsider the rule of having the father's name mentioned for getting passports.
;;0.0;;addressing the inaugural session of the third edition of the india-china high-level media forum here after co-chairing the first-ever meeting of the india-china high-level mechanism on people-to-people exchanges with chinese state councillor and foreign minister wang yi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that modi and xi set the tone at the wuhan informal summit for deepening cultural exchanges and people-to-people cooperation.
;;0.7579;;stating that joint forums across different fields are designed to build trust among the two countries, the external affairs minister said that the media has a significant role to play in this.
;;-0.6124;;2012: minister of external affairs s m krishna visits israel, but stresses on cooperation in science, technology, agriculture and commerce.
;;0.7269;;january 2016: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visits israel, and declares that the full development of positive israel-india ties is of the highest importance to new delhi.
;;0.4939;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday successfully underwent a scheduled kidney transplant at the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) in new delhi and will need at least a week to properly recover, hospital's director mc misra said on saturday.
;;-0.4404;;swaraj on november 16 said in a tweet that she was admitted to aiims because of a kidney failure.
;;0.0;;according to misra, swaraj will take at least 7-10 days to get discharged.
;;0.4019;;on behalf of the aiims family we wish sushmaswaraj swaraj ji a very speedy recovery, said misra.
;;-0.5994;;another crpf constable who lost his life in the terror attack at pulwama was sanjay rajput whose family hails from malkapur of buldana district but was currently staying at the crpf camp in hingna area of nagpur with his wife sushmaswaraj and two children aged 13 and 10.
;;0.0;;new delhi: chinese foreign minister wang yi today called on prime minister narendra modi and held talks with his counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj during which india's bid for membership of the nsg is understood to have figured among other regional and bilateral issues.
;;0.0;;eam @sushmaswaraj meets with her counterpart chinese fm wang yi in new delhi, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted, along with a photograph of the meeting of the two foreign ministers.
;;0.0;;he called on modi first and then held talks with swaraj.
;;0.7845;;the tableau earned much praise from the crowd as even external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj stood up to cheer for it.
;;0.0;;by ptisamarkand: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday met foreign minister of turkmenistan rasit meredow on the sidelines of the india-central asia dialogue here and discussed enhancing bilateral cooperation across sectors.
;;0.0;;swaraj arrived in the ancient city of samarkand on saturday on a two-day visit to uzbekistan to attend the first india-central asia dialogue, which focussed on a plethora of regional issues including enhancing connectivity to war-ravaged afghanistan.
;;0.0;;a memorandum to this effect was submitted to prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj by aicwa president suresh gupta.
;;0.4939;;all indian cine workers association, on behalf of the indian film fraternity, requests sushmaswaraj swaraj ji and our prime minister to kindly take strict action against all the pakistani artists by banning their travel in our country, it said.
;;-0.1779;;akbaruddin's tweet was accompanied with a picture of guterres shaking hands with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;guterres had met swaraj during his visit to new delhi in july this year.
;;0.802;;courtesy; facebook via ahmed navedcourtesy; facebook via ahmed navedthe fifth grader, who hails from lahore, had earlier written a letter to indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj as well on the matter of peace and has also received several responses from officials in new delhi.
;;-0.624;;it is deeply regrettable that the pak pm chose to politicise the pious occasion meant to realise the long pending demand of the sikh community to develop a kartarpur corridor by making unwarranted reference to jammu & kashmir, which is an integral and inalienable part of india, said raveesh kumar, spokesperson, ministry of external affairs.
;;0.1531;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who declined to attend the ceremony in pakistan citing campaigning priorities, was equally candid in her response to reports that pakistan would invite india to attend the saarc meet.
;;0.3818;;he said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had already made the country's stand clear in this regard and that whatever he had said in parliament in this regard few days back remains unchanged.
;;0.7906;;by ptiabu dhabi: india and the uae tuesday signed two agreements, including one on currency swap, as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj held exhaustive discussions with her counterpart abdullah bin zayed to step up bilateral cooperation in areas like security, defence, counter-terrorism, trade and energy.
;;0.5267;;held exhaustive discussions on cooperation in energy, security, trade, investments, space, defence & consular, among others, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
;;0.0;;swaraj also called on crown prince of abu dhabi sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan.
;;0.0;;swaraj and abdullah also jointly inaugurated a digital interactive museum showcasing the life, works and philosophy of mahatma gandhi and the founder of modern uae shaikh zayed.
;;0.5106;;later in the evening, swaraj interacted with the indian community and appreciated their contribution in enhancing relations with the uae.
;;0.0258;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said the indian government has taken up the matter with pakistan.
;;0.0;;on his arrival, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met the nepalese prime minister.
;;0.5023;;external affairs ministry said that india will take this opportunity to understand the developmental priorities of the new nepalese prime minister.
;;0.34;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj welcomed uzma back home, calling her india's daughter.
;;-0.0772;;i am sorry for all that you have gone through, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.0;;the proposal, which was mooted by former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in january 2018 to open a protector of emigrants (poe) office in karnataka has recently picked up some momentum.
;;0.0;;regional passport officer bharath kumar khutati told the new indian express, the central public works department has recently sent an estimate to the ministry of external affairs for the proposed videsh bhavan to come up at the passport office in koramangala.
;;0.765;;this will ensure that all the offices falling under the ministry of external affairs in the state come under one roof and help in better co-ordination among all the departments,he said.
;;0.0;;the ruling pakistan tehreek-e-insaf (pti) leader ramesh kumar vankwani met prime minister modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and minister of state for external affairs general v k singh.
;;0.1877;;he said he told swaraj that pakistan did not want any tension india.
;;0.5423;;let peace prevail, vankwani told swaraj.
;;0.34;;he said at the meeting with swaraj he offered to play the role of a mediator between the two governments.
;;0.0;;the government has begun backdoor contacts with india and the ruling pakistan tehreek-e-insaf (pti) leader ramesh kumar vankwani, who was in india last week, has met prime minister modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, the express tribune reported.
;;0.0;;he said later on modi's directive, swaraj also held a 25-minute-long meeting with him.
;;0.0;;according to the pti leader, he told swaraj that the two countries need to take lessons from past.
;;0.4939;;new delhi: amidst passions running high on both sides of the border, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs moving tweet to a pakistani girl has mellowed down a few hearts.
;;0.0;;she had tweeted to swaraj on saturday, who went out of her way to allay the concerns of the young activists.
;;0.4215;;aliya, i was concerned about your safety, kyunki betiyan toh sabki saanjhi hoti hain (daughters belong to all, swaraj tweeted after speaking to aliya over phone.
;;0.34;;however, after the assurance from the external affairs minister the girls have decided to carry on with their trip to india.
;;-0.7351;;bengaluru: bengaluru police arrested a web designer and a tv actor on saturday for sending a fake recommendation letter to passport office bearing the signature of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.4767;;they again applied for passports recently and sent a fake recommendation letter bearing the forged signature of sushmaswaraj swaraj and her photo was printed in the letter head.
;;-0.296;;in the letter, the accused said that the officials should consider their application since their family was close to sushma.
;;-0.2732;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today condoled the death of an indian-origin store owner in south carolina and said the investigation in the case was in progress.
;;-0.4767;;swaraj also offered her condolences to the bereaved family.
;;-0.5267;;he is out of danger and is recovering in a private hospital, swaraj tweeted.
;;-0.7579;;on the attack on rai, marykay l carlson, charge' d' affairs, american embassy here, said she was saddened by the shooting in washington state.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had called on kim.
;;0.5994;;india and rok (republic of korea) share a special strategic partnership since 2015 and our relations have deepened and diversified in recent years, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
;;0.0;;after her meeting with swaraj, the first lady visited the asn senior secondary school in east delhi where she interacted with students.
;;-0.296;;by aninew delhi: amid a threat by pakistan to boycott a meeting of the organisation of islamic cooperation (oic) if india attended, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is slated to leave for the uae later today to participate in the conclave as the guest of honour.
;;0.0;;swaraj will address the plenary of the 46th session of the council of foreign ministers to be held in abu dhabi from march 1 to 2.
;;-0.6486;;pakistan's foreign minister shah mehmood qureshi has threatened to boycott the oic meeting if swaraj participated.
;;-0.9118;;yesterday, swaraj attended the 16th foreign ministers meeting of russia-india-china (ric) at wuzhen in china where she said that terrorists attacks like pulwama are a grim reminder for the need of all countries to show 'zero tolerance' towards terrorism.
;;0.0;;by ptinew delhi: bhutan prime minister lotay tshering will be on a three-day visit to india from thursday, during which he will hold talks with counterpart narendra modi, the ministry of external affairs said monday.
;;0.0;;the ministers of foreign affairs, economic affairs and other senior officials will be accompanying the bhutanese prime minister, a statement said.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and other ministers will call on the bhutanese prime minister, the statement said.
;;-0.0772;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday exposed a concocted story of an indian kidnapped in the central european nation of serbia, saying it was a stage-managed act.
;;-0.34;;however, later on thursday evening, sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted that the abduction was stage-managed and she knew the whole truth of the matter.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj also retweeted a video by sharma sent on wednesday showing the said mahajan allegedly being ill-treated by the so-called kidnappers.
;;0.6597;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj successfully underwent a kidney transplant at aiims here today and her condition is stable.
;;0.4939;;swaraj, 64, was shifted to the intensive care unit after the nearly six-hour-long surgery by a team of 50.
;;0.0;;aiims sources said the kidney for swaraj was donated by a woman who is in her 40s and not related to the external affairs minister.
;;-0.7506;;swaraj has been suffering from diabetes for quite sometime and after it was found that she had renal failure, she was put on maintenance dialysis.
;;0.0;;after swaraj made public her health condition on social media, several people offered their kidneys to her.
;;0.5859;;by ptirabat: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday arrived at moroccon capital rabat from bulgaria on her maiden visit to the north african nation where she will met the country's top leaders to discuss ways to consolidate strategic partnership in various sectors of mutual interest.
;;0.5574;;swaraj is on a four-day three-nation tour to bulgaria, morocco and spain as part of india's efforts to strengthen relations with these three countries and expand avenues of cooperation.
;;0.3182;;we attach priority to strengthen our relationship in different sectors, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
;;0.0;;swaraj met her bulgarian counterpart ekaterina zaharieva on saturday and the two leaders discussed a range of bilateral issues including those related to economy, agriculture and health.
;;0.0;;swaraj will also interact with the indian community in rabat.
;;0.4767;;some friends and families of the detained indian students are using twitter seeking help from the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.6124;;could you please help me on this, one madhuri wrote on twitter to swaraj.
;;0.0;;in new delhi, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said, we are aware about this incident.
;;0.1779;;by ptijabalpur: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj monday said there was no anti-incumbency in poll-bound madhya pradesh due to good governance under chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.0;;swaraj is a lok sabha member from vidisha in mp.
;;0.0;;by ptichandigarh: punjab chief minister amarinder singh has urged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to take up with the pakistan government the issue of opening the corridor from dera baba nanak to kartarpur sahib.
;;0.0;;in a letter to swaraj, the chief minister said kartarpur sahib in narowal district of pakistan's punjab province was one of the most-revered religious places for sikhs as guru nanak spent a large part of his life there, an official statement said friday.
;;0.0;;referring to the 550th birth anniversary of guru nanak in november, the chief minister apprised swaraj that the punjab assembly had passed a unanimous resolution on august 27, seeking uninterrupted opening of the corridor.
;;0.0258;;it may be recalled that amarinder had requested swaraj in august to take up the matter.
;;0.0;;yi, after meeting prime minister narendra modi, held talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4215;;a number of issues of bilateral and international importance were discussed during the three-hour-marathon meeting with swaraj.
;;0.743;;sushma swaraj outlined the importance of a seat in nsg towards indias objective of meeting its clean energy goals, sources said.
;;-0.1531;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today assured a pakistani man of a medical visa so that his two and a half-month-old infant, who is suffering from a heart disease, can be brought to india for treatment.
;;0.0258;;earlier, a man named ravi kumar had also written to swaraj, saying that the infant needs immediate treatment and had sought her intervention in the matter.
;;-0.5267;;udupi:in response to yet another sos on twitter, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj helped an udupi man, who was assaulted by his boss in mozambique, southeast africa, to return to mumbai.
;;0.6597;;anand reached mumbai safely on friday, anita said, while thanking sushmaswaraj swaraj for her swift action.
;;0.0;;by ptiislamabad: pakistan's foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi said on tuesday that he has spoken to his uae counterpart and expressed reservations about the invitation to india's external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to attend the oic meeting scheduled later this week.
;;0.0;;swaraj will attend the meeting as the 'guest of honour'.
;;0.5267;;the release of some 20 postal stamps, glorifying kashmiri militant burhan wani and others, by pakistan was one of the reasons india cited to call of a proposed meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her pakistani counterpart shah mehmood qureshi in new york in september.
;;0.0;;new delhi: minister of external affair sushmaswaraj swarajs candid admission about her health issues on twitter triggered an outpour of adulation for the 64-year-old leader with offers of kidney donation coming in not only from india, but also from abroad.
;;0.802;;an overwhelmed swaraj, who has been going for aiims for dialysis daily and returns home in the evening to work from her home, replied: with your good wishes and lord krishna's blessings, i will be able to come out of this situation.
;;0.9169;;it will be a great honor if my baloch kidney may help our sister sushmaswaraj swaraj; this will be a small token of thanks for raising an issue at un (sic), mustikhan wrote on twitter.
;;0.2732;;i have no words to express my deep sense of gratitude towards them, swaraj added.
;;0.8658;;in a separate call with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, pompeo emphasised the close security partnership between the us and india and shared goal of maintaining peace and security in the region.
;;0.8658;;following indian counter-terrorism actions on february 26, i spoke with indian minister of external affairs swaraj to emphasize our close security partnership and shared goal of maintaining peace and security in the region, pompeo said in a statement.
;;0.7506;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs intervention and dharwad mp prahlad joshis help ensured that their story had a happy ending.
;;0.6908;;i am grateful to the indian government, especially sushmaswaraj swaraj and prahlad joshi, for their help.
;;0.836;;devanur had also tweeted to sushmaswaraj swaraj,respected mam nobody is attesting my pakistani wifes sponsorship certificate please help us, god bless you mam.
;;0.0258;;mp prahlad joshi said, i have spoken to sushmaswaraj swaraj and mos general v k singh regarding the matter as it was a very sensitive issue.
;;0.0;;my fellow mp ponnam prabhakar requested the bjp floor leader sushmaswaraj swaraj touching her feet on february 28, 2014 in parliament.
;;0.0;;then sushmaswaraj came to speaker's chamber and discussed with me in the presence of speaker, he further revealed.
;;0.1027;;by ptimadrid: india and spain on tuesday discussed cooperation in trade, defence and counterterrorism as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj held talks with her spanish counterpart josep borrell.
;;0.0;;eam swaraj and spanish foreign minister held detailed talks over a working breakfast.
;;-0.4215;;took stock of relationship across the spectrum, specially in trade & investment, defence & security, counter terrorism, culture and tourism, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
;;0.6597;;swaraj, who arrived in spain on monday, also interacted with the indian community in spain and thanked them for their contribution in diverse fields and promoting india-spain relations.
;;0.1779;;new delhi: two indian clerics, who went missing in pakistan, are safe and will be back in delhi on monday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on sunday.
;;0.0258;;swaraj had taken up the matter with pakistan prime ministers foreign adviser, sartaj aziz.
;;0.8126;;asif nizamis son, who spoke to his father, thanked the prime minister and external affairs minister for their efforts to ensure his fathers safe return.
;;-0.4543;;new delhi: terming the greater noida incident in which several people of nigerian origin were injured as deplorable, external affairs ministry spokesman gopal baglay said that law enforcement authorities of the district have made arrests and are investigating this matter.
;;0.0;;the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath regarding the incident, said baglay.
;;0.6369;;minister of state for external affairs m j akbar informed nigerian envoy sola enikanolaiye about the steps being taken by local authorities for the safety and security of nigerian nationals.
;;-0.765;;swaraj had yesterday sought report from the uttar pradesh government over the attack on four nigerian students, who sustained severe injuries after being assaulted by a group of local residents in greater noida's pari chowk area.
;;-0.7783;;chennai: concerned over the reported killing of an indian fisherman and arrest of many by the sri lankan navy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will meet the aggrieved fishermen from tamil nadu, commerce and industry nirmala sitharaman has said.
;;0.0;;the fishermen's representatives wanted to meet officials of the external affairs ministry.
;;0.0;;but the government has made arrangements for them to meet the external affairs minister herself.
;;-0.5719;;jaipur: a woman who faced life threats and sexual abuses online for her tweets ahead of gymnast dipa karmakar's performance in rio olympics sought the help of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj following which a case was lodged by rajasthan police.
;;-0.8885;;her tweets drew sharp criticism including threat to life and rape warnings following which she sought help from the external affairs minister.
;;-0.3182;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had also publicly threatened to rescind visas of amazon employees if the doormats were not removed from its website.
;;0.0;;we are in touch with different people who are involved in the exercise through the afghan government, spokesperson in the ministry of external affairs (mea) raveesh kumar said.
;;0.6124;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had a telephonic conversation with her afghan counterpart salahuddin rabbani on sunday evening during which she had sought all possible help of kabul in securing the release of the indians.
;;-0.25;;new delhi: close on the heels of the indian flag incident, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has now received several complaints of amazon selling flip-flops with mahatma gandhi's image.
;;-0.0258;;some twitter users have tagged swaraj in their tweets complaining that the beach sandals with gandhi's image were being sold on the amazon us site.
;;-0.4767;;earlier this week, after she received a complaint about amazon canada selling doormats depicting indian flag on its site, swaraj reacted sharply and asked the e-retailer to withdraw the products and tender an unconditional apology, failing which no official of amazon will be granted indian visa and the ones issued earlier will also be rescinded.
;;-0.8126;;following the stern message, amazon expressed regret for offending indian sentiments and informed swaraj about the removal of the offensive product from its canadian website.
;;0.0;;minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj and us secretary of state john kerry arrive prior to a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(eps | shekhar yadav)new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday met us secretary of state john kerry here ahead of the india-us strategic and commercial dialogue.
;;0.0;;eam receives @johnkerry for 2nd strategic & commercial dialogue, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
;;0.6808;;sushma swaraj and kerry will lead their respective sides at the dialogue to review the progress on decisions taken last time and identify new areas of cooperation.
;;-0.4767;;external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup also said the government is awaiting detailed information on the specifics of the nagrota attack before it decides on the next steps.
;;0.0;;india's sharp remarks come two days ahead of the conference where pakistan will be represented by sartaj aziz, foreign affairs advisor to prime minister nawaz sharif.
;;-0.4215;;prime minister narendra modi and afghan president ashraf ghani will jointly inaugurate the ministerial deliberations on sunday where the indian delegation will be led by finance minister arun jaitley in the absence of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is ill.
;;0.0;;the decisions were taken during the ministerial-level bilateral talks, attended by minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj, minister of agriculture and farmers welfare radha mohan singh.
;;0.0;;they will hold a meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and commerce and industry ministry nirmala sitharaman.
;;-0.5859;;very substantive discussions on all aspects of bilateral relationship, important regional issues and global developments (are on the agenda), ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup said when asked if the current situation in kashmir and the terrorism emanating from pakistan would figure during the talks.
;;0.0;;by ptinew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today intervened and asked the indian embassy in nepal to look into a case involving a few indians who were stranded in the himalayan nation's north-eastern lukla town.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tonight offered to help a nonagenarian indian-origin woman, who was reportedly sent back by her son to india from the us, with visa issues.
;;0.4019;;in a separate tweet, swaraj, responded to a man seeking medical help for his daughter.
;;0.4019;;the external affairs minister last week had offered to help the two-day-old infant, who was born in bhopal, with a heart disease.
;;0.0;;two assembly segments of vidisha district form part of the vidisha lok sabha seat, which has been represented twice in the past by sitting bjp mp and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, besides then pm atal bihari vajpayee for a few months in 1991 and later for 15 years by shivraj singh chouhan, before he became cm in 2005.
;;0.25;;india's bilateral engagement with nepal in 2018 began with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in february meeting left alliance leader k p sharma oli days before his swearing in as prime minister.
;;-0.765;;the leaders were speaking at an all-party meeting convened by the government, where external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj briefed them about the operation that destroyed jaish-e-mohammed's terror training camp in balakot in khyber pakhtunkhwa province of pakistan.
;;0.2235;;after swaraj briefed them, the leaders sounded a word of caution to the government to not lower the guard and watch out for pakistan's action.
;;0.7269;;new delhi: members in the rajya sabha, cutting across party lines, today extended a warm welcome to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj when she came to the house after a long absence due to health reasons.
;;0.6486;;greeting 65-year-old swaraj, deputy chairman p j kurien wished her a long and healthy life.
;;0.0;;swaraj underwent a kidney transplant on december 10 at the aiims.
;;0.2732;;by iansnew delhi: india and italy reviewed their bilateral relationship and agreed to identify new areas of cooperation during external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's two-day visit to italy, the external affairs ministry said on monday.
;;0.6124;;according to a statement issued by the ministry, sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday called on italian prime minister giuseppe conte, who assumed office on june 1 and reiterated india's desire to strengthen bilateral relations with italy.
;;0.4588;;after calling on prime minister conte, sushmaswaraj swaraj held a bilateral meeting with italian minister of foreign affairs and international cooperation enzo moavero milanesi during the course of which the two sides reviewed various aspects of the bilateral relationship and exchanged views on international and regional issues of common interest.
;;0.1027;;sushma swaraj reached rome on sunday on the first leg of her week-long four-nation tour of europe that will also see her visiting france, luxembourg and belgium.
;;-0.4767;;reacting on the incident, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday sought a report from officials concerned over an attack on a german national in the city.
;;-0.6329;;new delhi: refuting allegations that the government did not take adequate steps regarding the attack on nigerian nationals in greater noida, union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday said that all such attacks cant be termed racial.
;;-0.0258;;sushma swaraj reiterated that all attacks on africans in india or on indians in the united states cannot be called xenophobic and racial in nature.
;;-0.4404;;i said this in the context of attacks in the us too, said sushmaswaraj swaraj in lok sabha.
;;-0.7579;;calling the statement of africans envoys unfortunate, painful and surprising, sushmaswaraj swaraj said, you cant say our steps are inadequate.
;;-0.6369;;in her statement in the lok sabha, sushmaswaraj swaraj also gave details of the incident saying a youth in greater noida had died and his parents had blamed drug overdose for this.
;;0.0;;the external affair minister also mentioned the name of her deputy in the ministry, m j akbar saying he kept in touch with african missions and told them that the pm was personally monitoring the situation.
;;0.2023;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj wednesday called on kuwait's top leadership, including amir sheikh sabah al-ahmad al-jaber al-sabah, and raised the indian community's concerns.
;;0.7351;;also read | external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj receives warm welcome in kuwaitthe minister, who arrived on tuesday in kuwait from doha where she met emir of qatar sheikh tamim bin hamad al-thani, discussed a range of issues to strengthen the bilateral ties.
;;0.5574;;noted the positive developments in bilateral ties and raised issues of concern to the indian community, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
;;0.0;;earlier, swaraj had offered a floral tribute at the statue of mahatma gandhi in kuwait.
;;0.0;;by express news servicenew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj held constructive talks with her iranian counterpart javad zarif on tuesday and conveyed to him that india will take a decision on import of iranian oil after the lok sabha polls.
;;0.0;;in a tweet, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar described talks between swaraj and zarif as constructive.
;;0.6705;;official sources said swaraj reiterated the position that a decision will be taken after the elections based on indias commercial considerations, energy security and economic interests.
;;0.0258;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today extended help to rescue an indian nationalreportedly stuck at a border near war zone yemen.
;;0.7579;;we will do our best to rescue him, swaraj tweeted, responding to media reports that an indian national named vijay, who hails from andhra pradesh, has been stuck at saudiarabia-yemen border due to bombing in the area.
;;-0.4019;;a day earlier, secretary of state mike pompeo spoke over the phone with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and pakistan foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi seeking a de-escalation of tensions.
;;0.8658;;following indian counter-terrorism actions on february 26, i spoke with indian minister of external affairs swaraj to emphasise our close security partnership and shared goal of maintaining peace and security in the region, pompeo said in a statement.
;;0.0;;i discussed with sushmaji (external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj), she said 'you decide'.
;;0.3612;;in this 23rd edition of 'mann ki baat', the prime minister also spoke about the upcoming event to grant sainthood to mother teresa on september 4 which will be attended by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;the indian consul-general in houston, anupam ray, met grillot, 24, and conveyed the message on behalf of indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;ray met grillot and his family in the university of kansas hospital and handed over the message from sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;he also said that sushmaswaraj swaraj has 7.
;;0.5106;;on february 27, sushmaswaraj swaraj had tweeted gratitude to grillot.
;;0.4404;;read: mulayam yadav wishes to see narendra modi as pm againthe pm maintained that neither he nor external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj are responsible for india's enhanced image globally.
;;0.0;;the meeting was attended by prime minister narendra modi, home minister rajnath singh, finance minister arun jaitley external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and all other members of bjp cec.
;;0.3612;;dr guleria has worked as a personal physician to former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee and has also treated union ministers like sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley.
;;0.4019;;wang's appointment was confirmed today when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who held bilateral talks with her chinese counterpart congratulated him for being elevated as the state councillor and appointed as the special representative for the india-china boundary talks.
;;0.7579;;in his opening remarks during the meeting with swaraj, wang said the bilateral ties have witnessed good development and shown a positive momentum this year under the guidance of the leaders of the two nations.
;;0.4404;;swaraj and wang discussed a host of bilateral issues and ways to step up the pace of high-level interactions to improve the relationship.
;;0.5423;;addressing the shanghai cooperation organisation council of foreign ministers' meeting in bishkek, the kyrgyz capital, also attended by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, qureshi said, enduring peace and prosperity in south asia will remain elusive without good-faith diplomacy and result-oriented dialogue, he said in his address.
;;-0.7269;;the announcement also came just a day before external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is to address the united nation general assembly where she is all set to make a forceful argument to isolate countries sponsoring and exporting terrorism.
;;-0.886;;by ptiwuzhen: the pulwama attack is the direct result of the impunity and cover provided to the jaish-e-muhammed terror group by pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said wednesday as she forcefully raised the terror strike with her chinese counterpart wang yi here.
;;-0.0276;;earlier, external affairs minister swaraj kicked off her key meeting with her chinese counterpart wang in a lighter vein, accusing him of cheating her by changing the venue of the ric meeting to a more beautiful location here.
;;-0.7003;;by ptihyderabad: the government would bring a bill in the coming winter session of the parliament as part of its efforts to check the menace of nri husbands abandoning their wives, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said wednesday.
;;-0.3818;;swaraj, who was in hyderabad in connection with the bharatiya janata party's campaign for the december seven telangana assembly elections was replying to a query about non-resident indian (nri) husbands abandoning their wives.
;;0.4019;;by ptivaranasi: underlining that countries such as the us, japan, and china are aging rapidly, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj monday said india is getting younger and this demographic perspective offers it an unprecedented edge that will help in building a new young india by 2022.
;;0.0;;also read | pm modi to inaugurate pravasi bharatiya diwas convention in varanasi on tuesdaythe youth pbd marked the start of the 15th pravasi bhartiya diwas and was attended by swaraj, minister of state for sports and youth affairs rajyavardhan singh rathore, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath and minister of state for external affairs v k singh, among others.
;;0.0;;swaraj highlighted that by 2020, the average age in india will be 29, making it the world's youngest country with 64 per cent of the population in the working age group.
;;-0.3182;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today met the family of indian prisoner hamid nehal ansari, who was attacked at least thrice by inmates in a peshawar jail, and assured them of all possible help.
;;0.0;;swaraj last week had directed the indian high commissioner in pakistan to seek consular access to ansari.
;;0.128;;external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said india has again strongly taken up with pakistani authorities security of ansari in the wake of reports that he was attacked inside the jail.
;;0.3612;;swaraj met the family of ansari and assured that government will keep pursuing his case with pakistan.
;;-0.3612;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs daughter bansuri swaraj was one of the nine lawyers who argued his case.
;;0.0;;during an inquiry after vaz was reported to the uks parliamentary standards commissioner, the mp mentioned a recommendation by sushmaswaraj swaraj, who was at the time an opposition leader.
;;-0.9022;;new delhi: there is no report of any indian casualty so far in the terror attack near the uk parliament, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said tonight.
;;0.3182;;please note the telephone nos: 020 8629 5950 & 020 7632 3035 (sic), swaraj wrote.
;;-0.7783;;no place in democracies & civilised societies for terrorism (sic), spokesperson, ministry of external affairs, gopal baglay tweeted.
;;-0.7096;;read | 2019 lok sabha polls battle of ideologies: amit shah at bjp council meetwhile the resolution on poverty alleviation was proposed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, which was seconded by bihar bjp chief nityanand rai and party's vice-president dushyant gautam.
;;0.5574;;swaraj at length described the initiatives taken by the modi government in last four-and-half-years such as jan dhan yojana under which bank accounts were opened and how these measures brought positive change in the lives of the people.
;;-0.5994;;taking a tough stance on ties with pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said talks and terror cannot go together while articulating strategy of india which was based on three pillars in dealing with that country.
;;-0.4404;;by online deskthe sudden demise of former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the age of 67 on tuesday night left the nation in mourning.
;;-0.6249;;also read: remembering sushmaswaraj swaraj: a people's politicianshe was admitted to the all india institute of medical sciences in new delhi on tuesday after suffering a cardiac arrest.
;;0.2484;;the unexpected death of swaraj, one of the most prominent women in indian politics, comes close on the heels of the passing of sheila dikshit, another strong woman leader.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj too has met cji to iron out the differences between the judiciary and executive over the mop.
;;0.0;;by iansnew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will visit kyrghyztan on tuesday where she will represent india at the two-day meeting of the council of foreign ministers (cfm) of the shanghai cooperation organization (sco)here.
;;0.0;;in a statement released here on monday, the external affairs ministry said this will be the second cfm meeting that india will be attending as a full member of the sco.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj had attended the last cfm meeting in beijing in april 2018.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj will also issue a joint call of sco foreign ministers on kyrgyz president sooronbay jeenbekov.
;;0.0;;the colony is named after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj whom the reddy brothers had called mother.
;;0.6808;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and us secretary of state john kerry will lead their respective sides at the 2nd india-us strategic and commercial dialogue here later on wednesday to review the progress on decisions taken last time and identify new areas of cooperation.
;;0.6478;;calling the dialogue the most comprehensive mechanism for engagement between the two countries, india's external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said the co-chairs will be also have an interaction with a high-level, inter-agency delegation from both sides.
;;0.6369;;islamabad: pakistan foreign office spokesman nafees zakaria on monday said that indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had disowned the united nations security council resolution by calling kashmir an integral part of india in her speech at the un general assembly.
;;0.0;;vice president m venkaiah naidu, union finance minister arun jaitley, home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal paid tributes to khurana.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the first phase of the implementation of the scheme to deliver passport-related services through post offices will start before march 31, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;-0.7269;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday said that amazon must tender an unconditional apology and withdraw all products insulting the tricolour, failing which no amazon official will get an indian visa.
;;-0.4939;;they must withdraw all products insulting our national flag immediately, the external affairs minister said in a tweet.
;;-0.5859;;new delhi: india is following up with the malaysian authorities the reported abduction of an indian national in that country, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said tonight.
;;-0.8402;;by ptibishkek: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with kyrgyzstan foreign minister chingiz aidarbekov sushmaswaraj swaraj held a productive discussion with her kyrgyz counterpart chingiz aidarbekov ahead of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) meeting during which several pressing issues including the threat of terrorism are expected to be discussed.
;;0.5267;;in her first engagement in bishkek, swaraj had a productive discussion with aidarbekov on all aspects of bilateral relations, including in political and defence, trade and investment, health, capacity building and people-to-people ties, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
;;0.3612;;the external affairs ministry in new delhi said monday that the council of foreign ministers (cfm) will exchange views on topical issues of international and regional importance, besides reviewing the preparation for the sco summit in bishkek from june 13-14.
;;0.0;;kyrgyzstan: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj meets kyrgyzstan foreign minister chingiz aidarbekov.
;;0.0;;swaraj is in bishkek to attend the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) foreign ministers meet.
;;0.296;;according to sources, india will raise the matter in the un general assembly and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will strongly emphasize on pakistans involvement in her speech on 26th.
;;-0.3612;;new delhi: denying reports that rome has asked india to let the two marines, accused of killing two indian fishermen in 2012, to stay back in italy to boost bilateral ties, ministry of external affairs (mea) spokesperson vikas swarup on wednesday clarified that no assurances between two countries took place and added that the marines would remain under the jurisdiction of supreme court of india.
;;0.2263;;during meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her italian counterpart paolo gentiloni held on september 4 in rome, italy reportedly, urged india to allow the two marines to stay back home.
;;-0.2732;;the supply of these items is in the nature of emergency assistance to augment relief measures undertaken in the wake of severe drought faced by sri lanka, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told parliament in a written reply.
;;0.0;;the current gifting of the water bowsers and rice is part of that policy, swaraj added.
;;0.4404;;addressing ambassadors, high commissioners and senior members of diplomatic corps at the ambassadors meet organised by ministry of external affairs at new delhi for the make in odisha conclave here from november 30 to december 2, the cm said odisha has strived hard to create vital social, economic and industrial infrastructure.
;;0.0772;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, industries minister debi prasad mishra, chairman of odisha skill development authority subroto bagchi, senior central and state government officials also addressed the meeting.
;;0.7269;;hamid appealed to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to rescue zabeena through society for integrated progress and human empowerment (sipahe).
;;0.6369;;twitter serves to make people in responsible positions more accessible, and sushmaswaraj swaraj and suresh prabhu have shown us what good they can do with it.
;;0.0;;ramananda sengupta bynew delhi: pakistans foreign minister shah mehmood qureshi on saturday tweeted that he had formally invited his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj, punjab chief minister amarinder singh and cricketer-turned-politician navjot singh sidhu to the groundbreaking ceremony of the kartarpur sahib corridor in pakistan on november 28.
;;0.7964;;in a late night response, swaraj responded that while she would be unable to attend since she was campaigning in telangana that day, but that being mindful of the sentiments of our sikh citizens and the importance of facilitating their smooth and easy access to holy gurudwara kartarpur sahib, we will be sending smt harsimrat kaur badal minister for food processing industries and shri hardeep singh puri, minister of state (ic) for housing & urban affairs, as government of indias representatives for the event planned for 28 november 2018.
;;0.7351;;earlier, describing the invitation as a neat trick by the pakistanis, an official had remarked that: if sushmaswaraj refuses, the pakistanis can tell the world how india is constantly rejecting its offers for peace and friendship.
;;0.5423;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said that india will help out its sailors stuck in merchant ships at ajman in the united arab emirates (uae).
;;0.34;;abandoned by their employer in leaking ships, at least 41 indian sailors found support from the external affairs minister, who stepped in to help them following a sos.
;;-0.9009;;new delhi : right after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj defended india at the united nations general assembly on monday in a strong rebuttal of pakistan prime minister nawaz sharifs speech at the same forum, the congress did a balancing act  it backed sushmaswaraj but criticised the government for not calling a special session of parliament to declare pakistan a terrorist state.
;;0.0;;the whole country stands with sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.3182;;by ptinew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj held wide-ranging talks with romanian foreign minister teodor melescanu to strengthen ties between the two countries during his four-day visit to india.
;;0.0;;during the discussions, swaraj highlighted the constructive cooperation between the two countries on international and bilateral issues, the ministry of external affairs said in a statement.
;;0.7003;;swaraj expressed india's commitment towards strengthening of existing bilateral ties and broadening its scope, it said.
;;0.3182;;by express news serviceexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has assured that she and her team are giving top priority to the 130 indian students arrested in the united states for enrolling themselves in fake universities.
;;0.3612;;new delhi: chinese foreign minister wang yi on saturday met prime minister narendra modi and also discussed issues of mutual importance with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj here.
;;0.4588;;a morning for neighbourly engagement, external affairs ministry spokesman vikas swarup tweeted after wang called on modi.
;;0.0;;he later met sushmaswaraj swaraj, after which the indian and chinese sides went into delegation-level talks.
;;0.0;;in an interview to pti after holding talks with his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj, the turkish foreign minister also said, i have already taken up this issue with my counterpart.
;;-0.4019;;asked for a response to the minister's comments, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said the indian side is sensitive to turkish concerns and indian security agencies were looking into ankara's demand for closure of associations connected with feto which were carrying out illegal activities.
;;0.0;;by ptibeijing: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today called on chinese vice president wang qishan to discuss bilateral ties.
;;0.0;;swaraj, who is here on a four-day visit to take part in the foreign ministers' meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco), met wang at zhongnanhai, the chinese leadership compound, in beijing.
;;0.4588;;eam @sushmaswaraj continues her engagement with the chinese leadership on the 2nd day of her visit, calling on the vice president of china wang qishan, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
;;0.0;;the meeting was attended by prime minister narendra modi, home minister rajnath singh, finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and all other members of the central election committee of the bjp.
;;0.6124;;pakistan had invited external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who thanked her pakistani counterpart shah mahmood qureshi for the invite and said she was unable to travel to kartarpur sahib due to prior commitments.
;;-0.0258;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday assured help to the family of an indian national who was shot dead during an armed robbery in jamaica earlier this week.
;;0.5423;;my heartfelt condolences, sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted.
;;0.5423;;seeking a detailed report about the incident, sushmaswaraj swaraj directed the high commission to ensure best possible treatment to the injured indian nationals and coordinate with the affected families.
;;0.4767;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and union health minister j p nadda addressing a press conference after the union cabinet gave its approval for introduction of surrogacy (regulation) bill, 2016, at national media centre in new delhi on wednesday.
;;-0.6705;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who communicated the union cabinets decision to the media, said it had almost become a fashion with celebrities who were misusing it to make their wives avoid labour pain.
;;0.0;;though swaraj never mentioned them, the hint was obvious  bollywood superstar shah rukh khan and his wife gauri famously had opted for surrogacy for their third child, abram.
;;0.0;;union finance minister arun jaitley will represent india in the ministerial conference in the absence of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;on november 30, gopal baglay, who heads the indian ministry of external affairs division dealing with pakistan said, pakistan has not requested for any bilateral meeting so far.
;;0.0;;the last heart of asia ministerial conference was held in islamabad in december 2015, which was attended by indias external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;the journalist asked referring to the telephonic conversation between the secretary of state john kerry and the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj earlier this week.
;;0.0;;on september 27, kerry spoke with swaraj.
;;-0.5574;;i can confirm for you that the secretary spoke with -- on the 27th, so earlier this week, with indian external affairs minister swaraj and reiterated his strong condemnation of the september 18 uri attack.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called for a report from the indian embassy in the us.
;;0.0;;seeking action, mohammad anas siddiqui and tanvi seth, who have been married for 12 years, wrote about their ordeal on twitter and tagged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj yesterday.
;;0.0;;earlier, pakistan had allowed india's former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to fly directly through pakistani airspace to participate in the meeting of sco foreign ministers in bishkek on may 21.
;;-0.1779;;state counsellor of myanmar aung san suu kyi meets prime minister narendra modi, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted along with photos of the two leaders shaking hands and holding talks.
;;0.34;;the assurance was given during the first high-level visit from india after the civilian government assumed office here when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on president u htin kyaw and held extensive talks with suu kyi.
;;-0.8834;;by express news servicebhubaneswar: as senior bjp leader and former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs untimely death sparked a wave of shock and grief in the state, governor prof ganeshi lal condoled her demise and conveyed sympathy to the bereaved family members and constituents.
;;0.4404;;the chief minister said swaraj was a peoples minister in the truest sense.
;;0.0;;one of the six aiims sanctioned by the nda government when she was the union health minister, swaraj came here with former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee for laying the foundation stone of the premier medical institute in 2003.
;;-0.4404;;new delhi, november 16: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday announced that he was admitted to the leading aiims hospital in the capital owing to kidney failure and is presently on dialysis.
;;0.0;;swaraj, the most followed female leader in the world, has been able to forge a bond with her followers on twitter and took to the social media site to inform about her health status.
;;0.0;;presently, i am on dialysis, the minister of external affairs tweeted to her 6.
;;-0.4215;;swaraj has been frequenting hospitals for the last couple of months for pneumonia and her physical discomfort has been visible.
;;0.4215;;lord krishna will bless, swaraj added.
;;0.4215;;by ptinew delhi: south korean minister of foreign affairs kang kyung-wha is slated to visit india next week, during which she will hold talks with her counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj on the progress in multifaceted cooperation between the two countries, the mea said thursday.
;;0.0;;on an invitation by external affairs minister swaraj, kang will visit india on december 18-19, the ministry said in a statement.
;;0.0;;during the visit, external affairs minister and the foreign minister of the republic of korea (rok) will co-chair the ninth meeting of the india-rok joint commission, it said.
;;0.2105;;new delhi: myanmar on monday assured external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj that it would not allow any insurgent groups to use its territory against india.
;;0.0;;sushma was on her first visit to the country after the newly-elected government came to power in myanmar.
;;0.0;;the external affairs minster met myanmars president u htin kyaw and the state counsellor and minister of foreign affairs aung san suu kyi.
;;0.6369;;congratulating suu kyi for the victory in the first genuine election in the country, sushmaswaraj assured her of all help.
;;0.7184;;announcing swarajs sojourn to myanmar, ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted: an old friend of india, a new partner in progress.
;;0.6249;;by iansgandhinagar: highlighting the narendra modi government's focus on africa as a top priority in its foreign and economic policy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday said that strong india-africa relations would redefine the contours of the international order on more egalitarian lines.
;;0.4404;;also read: tunisian woman fluent in four indian languages including tamil, charms sushmaswaraj swarajin recent years, there has been a surge in indian investment in africa.
;;0.0;;we should not expect anything less from this shining example of south-south cooperation, sushmaswaraj swaraj added.
;;0.0;;when we became independent, we found that external assistance came with conditionality, both overt and covert, with prescriptions that would have constricted our sovereignty and independence, she said.
;;0.4019;;adityanath, who arrived in delhi earlier in the day, will also meet president pranab mukherjee, bjp president amit shah, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and veteran party leader l.k. advani.
;;0.34;;new delhi: responding to a plea by father thomas uzhunnalil, a catholic priest under islamic states captivity in yemen, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday asserted that the government wont spare any effort to secure the formers release.
;;-0.25;;we have spared no effort and we will spare no effort to secure fr tom's release from captivity, sushmaswaraj tweeted.
;;0.0;;they had raised the issue with union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.6908;;meanwhile the indian chapter of the sailors society has welcomed the steps taken by union external affairs minister to rescue the sailors stranded in the uae.
;;-0.25;;according to sources, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will strongly emphasize on pakistans involvement in the attack in her unga speech on september 26.
;;0.0;;ramananda sengupta bynew delhi: the rafale deal was not on the official agenda during the two-day official visit of french minister of europe and foreign affairs, jean-yves le drian, who left for france on saturday after a trip to mumbai and delhi.
;;0.7184;;le drian then met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and prime minister narendra modi, who welcomed the strengthening of bilateral ties in all spheres, including defence, space, counterterrorism, and civil nuclear cooperation.
;;0.0;;new delhi: it was an operation carried out by surgical precision by the army, but the ministry of external affairs was kept in the loop.
;;-0.3612;;the diplomatic-military synergy was at display on thursday morning when director general of military operation lt gen ranbir singh in an unprecedented joint media briefing with ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup announced the surgical strikes.
;;-0.1513;;he also said that from the way union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj presented indias viewpoint at the un, pakistan has been completely exposed.
;;0.1779;;a couple of months back, e-commerce giant amazon was pulled by union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for selling doormats depicting the indian national flag.
;;0.4019;;after co-chairing the second us-india strategic and commercial dialogue with indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday, kerry addressed a town hall meeting at the indian institute of technology in new delhi, met with indian opposition political party leaders and visited the american embassy school before calling on prime minister narendra modi to discuss climate change issues and the deepening us-india partnership.
;;-0.5574;;new delhi: a 55-year-old indian woman, who was allegedly sold and tortured in saudi arabia, will return tomorrow, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;0.0;;sukhwant kaur is returning home on 31 may 2017 at 0415 hrs by flt g9406, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj along with the foreign ministers of afghanistan, kazakhstan, kyrgyz republic, tajikistan, turkmenistan and uzbekistan took part in the meeting.
;;0.1027;;finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and defence minister nirmala sitharaman were present at the meeting.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendra modi was the first leader to congratulate hasina after her awami league swept the polls while external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also sent a congratulatory message to her new counterpart.
;;0.6486;;momen said his office would try to engage expatriate bangladeshis in foreign affairs as part of the economic diplomacy since many of them are in good positions abroad.
;;0.7096;;bipin rawat stated india cannot be left out of the bandwagon when a number of countries are reaching out to the taliban, the external affairs ministry friday said there is no change in the position on afghanistan and new delhi supports the process which is inclusive towards achieving peace.
;;0.7501;;external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar also said that india has made it very clear to the us that the peace and reconciliation in afghanistan should be afghan-owned, afghan-led and afghan-controlled.
;;0.4019;;he said this was conveyed during the meetings us president donald trump's special afghan envoy zalmay khalilzad had with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and foreign secretary vijay gokhale.
;;0.6124;;by ptivientiane: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday met her laotian counterpart saleumxay kommasith and held wide-ranging talks to enhance cooperation in key areas like defence, trade, energy and agriculture.
;;0.0;;swaraj, who is in laos on a two-day visit, co-chaired the 9th joint commission meeting with kommasith as the two leaders laid out the roadmap for cooperation and partnership.
;;0.3612;;the ministers held wide-ranging discussions covering cooperation in agriculture, trade and investment, defence, education, culture, information technology, energy and mining, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
;;0.0;;swaraj and kommasith had constructive discussions during the meeting, he said in a tweet.
;;0.8481;;swaraj offered to share india's expertise and experience towards supporting developmental needs of laos, taking the total offer of grant and line of credit proposal to usd 250 million, kumar said.
;;0.0;;during her two-day visit, swaraj will also call on laos prime minister thongloun sisoulith.
;;0.0;;new delhi: in the first myanmar visit by an indian minister since a democratically elected government was instated there in march, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will next week travel to naypyidaw and meet aung san suu kyi.
;;0.0;;the ministry of external affairs, while announcing the visit, said on thursday that the minister was expected to meet myanmars state counsellor and foreign minister suu kyi and president u htin kyaw on august 22.
;;0.8316;;discussions are expected to focus on the rich bilateral content of the relationship as well as plans for the upcoming brics-bimstec (the bay of bengal initiative for multi-sectoral technical and economic cooperation) outreach summit in india, building on the comprehensive discussions during foreign office consultations held new delhi on august 9, 2016, ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup said.
;;0.0;;during the visit, sushmaswaraj will be accompanied by foreign secretary s jaishankar and other senior officials of the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.0;;last month, in a meeting with the minister of state for external affairs on the sidelines of the association of southeast asian nations (asean) foreign ministers meeting, suu kyi said that she looked forward to visiting india.
;;0.4939;;help just a click awaynew delhi: the sushmaswaraj swarajled ministry of external affairs has launched a facebook app making all its missions just one click away for everyone across the globe.
;;-0.7269;;read | not opposed to azhar's banning, anyone involved in terror must be listed by un: saudichina is also trying to defuse tensions betweeen india and pakistan with foreign minister wang yi interacting closely with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and pakistan foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi in recent days.
;;0.0;;qureshi made the phone call after wang held extensive talks with swaraj on wednesday on the sidelines of the russia, india, china (ric) foreign ministers meeting in the chinese city of wuzhen.
;;-0.6808;;at the same time, we believe that pakistan has always been opposed to terrorism, he said at the joint press conference with swaraj and russian foreign minister sergei lavrov.
;;0.4767;;during external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's visit to islamabad last year, the two countries agreed to start a 10-point comprehensive bilateral dialogue with the foreign secretaries of the two countries scheduled to work out the modalities for the process.
;;-0.7096;;new delhi: three indians stuck in a war zone in libya have been evacuated and are being brought back home, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said tonight.
;;0.4019;;punjab deputy chief minister sukhbir singh badal had requested swaraj to help the three men in returning to india.
;;0.4019;;by ptiparamaribo: president ram nath kovind performed yoga along with his surinamese counterpart desire delano boutersel while external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj joined the celebrations at the european parliament as yoga practitioners across the world today performed 'asanas' to mark the fourth international day of yoga.
;;0.0;;in brussels, swaraj joined the yoga day celebrations at the yehudi menuhin space in the european parliament.
;;-0.6234;;united nations: taking aim at pakistan's role in nurturing terrorism, india's external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made a stirring call on monday for isolating islamabad if it does not join a global strategy against the malevolent force threatening the world.
;;-0.4235;;swaraj did not name pakistan in this part of her speech, but left little doubt who she was referring to.
;;-0.5267;;swaraj also hit out against what she termed as sharif's baseless allegations about human rights violations in my country.
;;-0.6808;;although prime minister narendra modi was not here, the ground had been well-prepared for the message on terrorism and pakistan that swaraj delivered.
;;0.0;;minister of state for external affairs m.j. akbar spent last week in meetings with a host of leaders including a president, a prime minister and several foreign ministers making india's case.
;;0.0;;swaraj spoke on the last day of the annual assembly summit.
;;-0.3182;;swaraj appealed to the assembly to act on the comprehensive convention on international terrorism (ccit) that india proposed in 1996 but is still languishing.
;;-0.6369;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday got in touch with india's ambassador to norway following reports that a five-year-old indian child was separated from his parents, who have been accused of beating him up.
;;0.0;;i have asked the indian ambassador in norway to send me a report, sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted.
;;0.0;;on tuesday, she met president pranab mukherjee and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.2732;;so far there have only been telephonic conversations between prime minister narendra modi and us president donald trump; as well as between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and us secretary of state rex tillerson.
;;-0.4019;;new delhi: bombarded with requests to airlift patients from different countries, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today expressed her inability to accede to such demands.
;;0.0;;i receive many requests for air ambulance from indian abroad, swaraj tweeted while tagging a twitterati who wanted rs 23 lakh for air ambulance.
;;0.0;;swaraj also retweeted some of the requests she has received over the past few months.
;;-0.6808;;new delkh: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today appealed to the indian workers, who have lost their jobs in saudi arabia, to return to india by september 25 failing which they have to make their own arrangements for boarding, lodging and return journey.
;;-0.2263;;earlier this month, minister of state for external affairs v k singh had rushed to saudi arabia after large number of indian workers sought indian government's intervention in taking up their difficulties with the saudi authorities.
;;-0.5994;;during her visit to paris in june, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had announced the construction of a war memorial in france.
;;0.1531;;by ptipietermaritzburg: the world looks up to india and south africa for providing leadership, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said as she recalled the role of iconic leaders mahatma gandhi and nelson mandela in giving hope to those facing injustice and discrimination.
;;0.0;;swaraj was the keynote speaker at a banquet at the city hall here marking the 125th anniversary of the day when on june 7, 1893, mohandas karamchand gandhi, a young lawyer then, was thrown off a train compartment reserved for whites only.
;;0.4404;;swaraj lauded the role of indian-origin south africans in the struggle for freedom.
;;0.1027;;swaraj recalled the support that india provided to south africa at international forums during its struggle against apartheid.
;;0.0;;swaraj also highlighted the participation by south african youth in various programmes run by india.
;;-0.2023;;new delhi: the ministry of external affairs (mea) on friday said india has urged the united states to provide details of the cases of 271 illegal immigrants whom washington wants new delhi to take back.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during a question period in rajya sabha yesterday said that the indian government has asked for further information from washington before allowing deportations.
;;-0.5994;;by ptimadrid: india and spain discussed the recent terrorist attack in kashmir and reviewed the security situation in the region, as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj held talks with her spanish counterpart josep borrell on issues of bilateral and international importance.
;;0.7906;;swaraj, who arrived here on tuesday on a two-day tour of the european nation, also discussed issues of economic importance like industrial and technological cooperation, the civil use of nuclear energy, transport, the rail industry and renewable energies was explored, according to an official statement by the spanish foreign ministry.
;;0.8625;;on behalf of the government, swaraj also accepted the prestigious grand cross of order of civil merit conferred by spain in recognition of india's support in evacuating 71 spanish nationals during april 2015 nepal earthquake.
;;-0.9485;;by ptitehran: india and iran, after suffering from two heinous terrorist attacks in the past few days, have agreed on close cooperation to combat terrorism in the region as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met the country's deputy foreign minister seyed abbas araghchi here.
;;-0.8591;;the meeting between swaraj and araghchi came hours after iran's major general mohammad ali jafari, referring to paistan-based terror outfit jaish al-adl, said the government of pakistan must pay the price of harbouring these terrorist groups and this price will undoubtedly be very high.
;;0.0;;swaraj, during a brief stopover in tehran on her way to bulgaria, met deputy foreign minister araghchi and discussed bilateral issues on saturday.
;;-0.7096;;today in my meeting with sushmaswaraj swaraj the indian fm, when she had a stopover in tehran, we agreed on close cooperation to combat terrorism in the region.
;;-0.7096;;today in my meeting with sushmaswaraj swaraj the indian fm, when she had a stopover in tehran, we agreed on close cooperation to combat terrorism in the region.
;;0.6597;;thiruvananthapuram: chief minister pinarayi vijayan has urged prime minister narendra modi and union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to urgently intervene to ensure the safety of indians working in qatar in the wake of the unrest in west asia.
;;-0.872;;earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj ruled out any dialogue with pakistan unless it stopped sponsoring terrorism, saying talks and terror cannot go together.
;;0.3612;;in the letter addressing to the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, china conveyed deep sympathy to the families of the martyred jawans.
;;0.3182;;he also commended the role of the ministry of external affairs in helping people of nepal in the aftermath of the devastating earthquake and pulling out indians and other nationals from hotspots like yemen.
;;0.0;;speaking on the occasion, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the pravasi bharatiya kendra was not just an ordinary building but a memorial of the forefathers who had left india in search of work.
;;0.0;;hyderabad: a father from hyderabad, who claimed he did not get response from ministry of external affairs (mea) after requesting that his daughter, who is kept in captivity in pakistan from past five years, to be brought back to india, has written to mea minister sushmaswaraj swaraj again.
;;0.0;;in his letter addressed to sushmaswaraj swaraj, father mohd akber from bandlaguda stated that his daughter mohammadi begum was married to mahammed younus who claimed to be an omani national but it turned out that he is a pakistani.
;;-0.6808;;india wants to settle all issues with pakistan throughhighlighting the achievement of the modi governments three years of achievements, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj reiterated indias stand that india wants to settle all issues with pakistani through dialogue, but talks and terror cannot go together.
;;0.8979;;on the issue of us president donald trumps allegations on climate deal, sushmaswaraj denied it strongly by saying that india signed the paris agreement not under duress or for lure of money but due to its commitment to protect environment, while making it new delhis commitment to the climate deal even in absence of us.
;;0.0;;by ptiislamabad: pakistan has invited external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to visit the country to attend the groundbreaking ceremony of the kartarpur corridor next week, foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi said on saturday.
;;0.0;;apart from swaraj, qureshi also invited punjab chief minister amarinder singh and cabinet minister navjot singh sidhu to the ceremony.
;;0.0;;on behalf of pakistan i have extended an invitation to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, capt amarinder singh & navjot singh sidhu to attend the groundbreaking ceremony at kartarpura on nov 28, 2018, qureshi tweeted.
;;0.0;;on behalf of pakistan i have extended an invitation to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj @sushmaswaraj ,capt amarinder singh @capt_amarinder & navjot singh sidhu @sherryontopp to attend the groundbreaking ceremony at #kartarpura on 28 nov, 2018.
;;0.0;;with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj indisposed, finance minister arun jaitley will represent india in the groups sixth ministerial conference.
;;0.0;;indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj attended that conference.
;;0.4404;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today offered to extend the visa of a british couple, who had a baby this may through surrogacy in india and face the prospect of leaving her in an orphanage as they have not been able to procure a passport for her.
;;-0.6908;;swaraj, who has faced flak from some quarters for her defence of the centre's plan to ban commercial surrogacy in india, also used the matter to take a dig at critics and also questioned the british authorities.
;;-0.7351;;by ptinew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tuesday spoke to her counterparts in the us, china, singapore, bangladesh and afghanistan and briefed them about the pre-dawn strike on the jaish-e-mohammed terrorist training camp in pakistan, official sources said.
;;-0.128;;in her telephonic conversation with us secretary of mike pompeo, swaraj explained the reasons behind the strike and conveyed that the action was specifically targeted at the jem camp.
;;0.4754;;the diplomatic corps feel very satisfied for the quick and organised manners in which the ministry of external affairs briefed all heads of missions, hans dannenberg castellanos, dean of diplomatic corps said.
;;0.296;;indore: amid apprehensions of a clampdown on h-1b visa by the us, union minister of state for external affairs v k singh today said his ministry is making all efforts in safeguarding the interests of indian citizens.
;;0.743;;the external affairs ministry is active in this direction (us president donald trump's plan on h-1b visa) and we are making all efforts to safeguard the interests of indian citizens, singh told mediapersons after inaugurating a passport sewa laghu kendra (pslk) here.
;;0.0;;vidisha lok sabha constituency is represented by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;chouhan, during his address, said that the first passport service centre in madhya pradesh had been opened in 1978 in bhopal when atal bihari vajpayee was the external affairs minister and now the second centre has come up when sushmaswaraj swaraj was the foreign minister.
;;0.34;;the us national security advisor (nsa) hr mcmaster will visit india during the weekend and will meet prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, foreign secretary s jaishankar and his indian counterpart ajit doval.
;;0.0;;in what is an election year in pakistan, jadhavs release anytime soon is an unlikely affair and he is going to be involved in a long-drawn process in the country before his fate is decided.
;;0.8225;;the upcoming visit will provide an opportunity to the two sides to review the wide-ranging cooperative partnership, and to progress it further for the benefit of the two peoples, a ministry of external affairs (mea) statement said.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and other ministers will call on the nepalese prime minister, the mea said.
;;0.4404;;the cleric thanked the indian government, prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, union home minister rajnath singh for their efforts.
;;0.7906;;by ptinew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday met afghanistan's high peace council secretary umer daudzai, who briefed her on the outcome of the recently held 'loya jirga' or peace meeting in kabul.
;;0.0;;new delhi: european union foreign policy chief federica mogherini today held talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on a range of issues including on preparations for the annual india-eu summit scheduled to be held here later this year.
;;0.4215;;mogherini also held delegation-level talks with minister of state for external affairs m j akbar during which they discussed progress on decisions taken during the annual summit in brussels last year.
;;-0.128;;new dwlhi: a 46-year-old indian has been abducted in malaysia and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has directed the indian mission in that country to send her a report about the case so that he can be rescued.
;;0.296;;twitter.com/g0pggaz60e  narendra modi (@narendramodi) june 8, 2019india is helping in training maldivian cricket players and bringing it up to the requisite standard, the external affairs ministry said in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.8225;;india in march assured the maldives that it will positively consider its request to help build a cricket stadium in the island nation during then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's visit.
;;0.5574;;by uninew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman will visit the united states for the first meeting of the '2+2 dialogue' on july 6 with secretary of state michael r pompeo and secretary of defence james n mattis.
;;0.2732;;this new dialogue format was agreed to between the two sides during the visit of prime minister narendra modi to washington dc on june 25-26, 2017, the ministry of external affairs said.
;;0.0;;in letters to prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, vijayan said he was writing the letter in the context of the developing geo-political situation in the middle east today.
;;0.34;;bambawale referred to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs and modis visits to islamabad and lahore respectively in december last year.
;;0.5106;;buoyed by her return, the womans family appreciated the quick response and action taken by external affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4019;;farooq stated that the ministry of external affairs had responded to his call for help within hours.
;;-0.8625;;in a written reply to lok sabha, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the talks envisaged between indo-pak foreign secretaries to decide the modalities of the composite bilateral dialogue, agreed during her visit to islamabad in december 2015, could not take place due to the terrorist attack on pathankot airbase in january 2016 and other attacks last year emanating from pakistan.
;;0.1027;;he said that the understanding reached during talks when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visited the uae last month was that there will be a new ground of negotiations very soon.
;;0.4404;;addressing the nepalese diaspora at an event, prachanda, who also met president pranab mukherjee and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, said the top focus of the new dispensation led by him was to create the right atmosphere before implementing the constitution and paving the way for necessary amendments.
;;-0.4767;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj asserted in the lok sabha on wednesday that it would be wrong to think that india will let go of any part of its territory.
;;0.1531;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also reacted sharply saying she wishes the day won't come when people have to learn the meaning of hinduism from gandhi.
;;0.8225;;he is convinced that he knows better than the army when it comes to army matters, better than the foreign minister with regard to the foreign affairs .
;;-0.4767;;swaraj was quick to respond to rahuls attack.
;;0.0;;by ptidubai: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will co-chair the 12th session of the india-uae joint commission meeting for economic and technical cooperation with her counterpart sheikh abdullah bin zayed al nahyan in abu dhabi during her official visit to the gulf country from december 3-4.
;;0.0;;we look forward to the visit of the external affairs minister to abu dhabi to co-chair the india-uae joint commission, india's ambassador to the uae, navdeep singh suri, said.
;;0.25;;meanwhile, the external affairs ministry has said that with the exchange of visits at the highest-level in the recent past, the bilateral relationship has been elevated to a comprehensive strategic partnership.
;;0.0;;along with the uae foreign minister, swaraj would inaugurate a gandhi-zayed digital museum in abu dhabi to mark the celebrations of 150 years of mahatma gandhi's birth and centenary celebrations of the birth of shaikh zayed, founder of the modern uae.
;;-0.6124;;india cited the brutal killing of three policemen in jammu and kashmir as well as pakistan's release of postal stamps glorifying slain kashmiri militant burhan wani for calling off the meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her pakistani counterpart shah mehmood qureshi on the sidelines of the un general assembly (unga).
;;0.8553;;patel expressed her personal gratitude to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, describing her as a remarkable lady who is very supportive of the diaspora.
;;0.0;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said the government is following a case with the us police about an indian man who was shot at in california.
;;0.4215;;minister of state for external affairs m j akbar said such things cannot be controlled as there is no international treaty on this, but confirmed action under two laws enacted in 1950 and 1971 to protect dishonouring of national emblems.
;;-0.4043;;the issue of amazon selling tricolour doormats and slippers on its websites had irked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had said such things were unacceptable and had threatened amazon management of rescinding visas to its officials if they did not stop such sales.
;;0.5267;;by ptibishkek: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday met her chinese counterpart wang yi on the sidelines of a multilateral meeting here and discussed issues of bilateral interest, including the implementation of understanding reached during last year's wuhan summit.
;;0.0;;swaraj arrived here on tuesday to attend the shanghai cooperation organisation council (sco) of foreign ministers here in the kyrgyz capital.
;;0.7717;;meanwhile, state-run chinese news agency xinhua reported that wang congratulated swaraj for successful conclusion of the general elections in india and expressed hope that the new government would further the development of sino-indian relations.
;;0.4215;;wang told swaraj that china hopes that india will set up a new government on schedule, and that both sides achieve a smooth transition and further development of bilateral relations, the report said.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj holds delegation level meeting with china's foreign minister wang yi in bishkek, kyrgyzstan.
;;0.4404;;prime minister hasina will gift a a rajshahi silk sari, a tea set, two kilograms of rosgolla and kalojam, one kilogram of sandesh and two kilograms of yogurt to indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;prime minister hasina will be presenting a silver boat each for indian finance minister arun jaitley, state minister for external affairs vijay kumar singh and state minister for heavy industries and public enterprises babul supriyo.
