;;0.5106;;s jaishankar, 62foreign secretary(rank 2016: 33)whyhandled mea in the absence of the minister; is the brains trust for foreign affairs in pmo.
;;0.0;;minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted that her ministry asked for stringent action against the culprits.
;;-0.5267;;read moremissing nizamuddin dargah clerics to come back to delhi tomorrow, says sushmaswaraj swarajexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajexternal affairs minister on sunday confirmed that the two missing clerics of hazrat nizamuddin dargah, who went missing from karachi, will return to delhi on monday.
;;0.4404;;swaraj wrote on twitter that she has spoken to syed nazim ali nizami in karachi who has told her that both the clerics are safe.
;;0.4019;;swaraj had earlier sought help from pakistan pms adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz in tracing the clerics.
;;-0.7906;;expressing shock over the killing, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said two indian consulate officials from houston have been rushed to kansas to render all possible assistance.
;;0.5106;;the ministry of external affairs official spokesperson, vikas swarup, said kuchibhotla and madasani hailed from hyderabad and warangal respectively, and were working at garmin in olathe (kansas).
;;0.2579;;chidambaram phoned omar and took stock of the situation arising out of the arrival of jaitley and party colleagues sushmaswaraj swaraj and ananth kumar at the jammu airport and the decision of local authorities not to allow them to enter the city,sources said.
;;-0.2427;;union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj (source: express archive photo/tashi tobgyal) union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj (source: express archive photo/tashi tobgyal)fifty radicalised indian youth have crossed over to the other side, but the indian ethos and culture have ensured that the menace has not taken dangerous proportions in the country, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said wednesday.
;;0.5423;;watch video: whats making newsexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also took to twitter friday to assure dsouzas family that the government will spare no effort to rescue her.
;;0.6369;;earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had assured help for the family to bring back the body of the deceased.
;;0.0;;we will make all arrangements to transport the mortal remains of srinivas kuchibhotla to hyderabad, swaraj had tweeted.
;;0.0;;when asked about her visit to china, and that of prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to that country last month and whether there has been any change in terms of strategy, sitharaman said: we are talking, we are meeting each other  and that is a big change.
;;0.0;;b'the merger of the ministry of overseas indian affairs (moia) with the ministry of external affairs (mea) will see all issues, except investment promotion  including foreign direct investment  by non-resident indians, get assigned to the foreign ministry.
;;0.2732;;at the time of creation of the moia, subjects had been taken out from work handled by economic affairs, home, culture and human resources development.
;;0.2023;;last month, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the merger was essential as substantial work of moia was being done by indian missions abroad.
;;-0.6908;;gujarat fishermen central cooperative association limited president veljibhai masani confirmed baraiyas death and requested external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to raise the matter with the pakistani authorities.
;;-0.7351;;the dmk on wednesday wrote to the external affairs minister, saying the killing of an indian fisherman allegedly by the sri lankan navy violated agreements arrived at the tripartite talks and has led to the feeling of displeasure against the centre.
;;-0.7964;;terming the march 6 firing as a grave human rights violation and absolutely unlawful, dmk working president m k stalin urged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to intervene in the matter and end such incidents.
;;0.4588;;india has received $55 billion in fdi in the last two years, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on sunday, noting enhanced economic engagement with countries across the world has been a major priority area of the governments foreign policy.
;;0.4588;;swaraj addressed an hour-long annual press conference in which she highlighted the achievements of the nda government in the diplomatic spehere in the past one year, dwelling at length on initiatives to expand indias global engagements.
;;0.1779;;the external affairs minister said government had touched base with 140 countries in the past year and listed indias growing ties with nations in the african continent, countries of the gulf region and pacific islands as major achievements.
;;0.6606;;the external affairs minsiter said indias ties with the us has improved significantly, adding the government will not undermine national interest while pursuing good relations with that country.
;;-0.7184;;swaraj touched upon a range of issues including governments engagement with the diaspora, indias position on south china sea dispute and targeted killing by suspected islamists in neighbouring bangladesh.
;;0.7184;;read | sushmaswaraj swaraj confident about getting ccit approved in untalking about cooperation with japan, swaraj said the country will be a permanent participant in the malbar exercise in which only india and the us participated earlier.
;;0.4588;;swaraj particularly highlighted indias increasing engagement with the gulf region and african continent.
;;0.0;;the external affairs minister said she had earlier planned to visit poland to participate in the celebrations but shelved it.
;;0.0;;b'united nations general assembly president-elect ambassador peter thomson will meet prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj among others.
;;0.4215;;(source: file) united nations general assembly president-elect ambassador peter thomson will meet prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj among others.
;;0.0;;thomson will meet prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj among others on monday.
;;0.4588;;please take this up with amazon at the highest level, tweeted sushma.
;;0.4588;;please take this up with amazon at the highest level, tweeted sushma.
;;0.34;;taking strong exception to amazon canada selling doormats depicting indian flag, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday asked the e-retailer to withdraw the products and tender an unconditional apology, failing which no official of amazon will be granted indian visa and the ones issued earlier will also be rescinded.
;;0.0516;;co/l4yi3glk3h  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) january 11, 2017amazon must tender unconditional apology.
;;0.34;;(representational image)as many as 301 indian fishermen are currently lodged in jails in pakistan which has confirmed the presence of only 77 and government is making all efforts to secure their release, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on thursday.
;;0.0;;there are a total of 301 indian fishermen currently lodged in pakistan jails, but pakistan has so far confirmed the presence of only 77 of them, swaraj informed the house.
;;-0.25;;indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (ap photo) indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (ap photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was unable to attend the swearing in ceremony of the new cabinet ministers held at rashtrapati bhawan on tuesday.
;;-0.296;;media  pl avoid the headline : sushmaswaraj skips oath ceremony.
;;0.2023;;she went on to add a welcome note to those joining the cabinet and followed it up with another tweet reminding the media to avoid using the headline sushmaswaraj skips oath ceremony.
;;0.296;;the top four  finance, home, external affairs and defence  has not been touched.
;;0.296;;we shall finally carry out the long-promised cabinet reshuffle: the new portfolios of the top four (who cannot be moved out of north or south blocks) will be: mr rajnath singh, finance minister; ms sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister; mr arun jaitley, defence minister; and mr manohar parrikar, external affairs minister.
;;0.0;;external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(file photo) external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.128;;(file photo)a 46-year-old indian has been abducted in malaysia and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has directed the indian mission in that country to send her a report about the case so that he can be rescued.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, after union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj facilitated the visa process of eman in december 2016, the egypt nationals medical visa is due to expire on march 7.
;;-0.4215;;sources said the ric ministerial meeting, to be hosted by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, was scheduled to be held in delhi on april 14, but wang refused to come for the meeting.
;;-0.7184;;warning new delhi that beijing would take necessary measures to preserve its territorial sovereignty and legal interests, the chinese ministry of foreign affairs had said the visit by the tibetan spiritual leader could severely damage peace and stability in the region and hurt ties between the two countries.
;;-0.34;;former external affairs minister and bjp veteran sushmaswaraj swaraj passed away tuesday night following a cardiac arrest.
;;-0.296;;swaraj who had earned a formidable reputation in helping overseas indians in distress came across as someone who was the peoples foreign minister.
;;0.0;;in the 1999 lok sabha elections, sushmaswaraj swaraj jumped into the electoral fray against congress president sonia gandhi, heading to bellary in karnataka.
;;0.0;;before the bjp was cast aside in the 2004 elections  it was the start of the bjps decade-long political wilderness  swaraj had raised the political stakes by declaring she would shave her head if italy-born sonia gandhi was elected as prime minister.
;;0.1548;;follow live updates1996 trust vote speech of sushmaswaraj swarajdefending the no-confidence motion against the then prime minister atal behari vajpayee, swaraj in 1996 gave one of her most fiery speeches in parliament.
;;-0.4404;;in photos | see rare photos of former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraja poetic duel between manmohan singh and sushmaswaraj swarajas the leader of opposition in lok sabha, swaraj often lead the bjps attacks against manmohan singhs upa-i government.
;;0.5248;;after his speech, swaraj with a smile on her face, stood up to say, kuch toh majboorian rahee hongee, yun hee koi bewafa nahee hota (there must have been some compulsion, one is not disloyal for no reason at all).
;;-0.3182;;)read | indias supermom who blazed a trail in twitter diplomacysushma swaraj defending herself from lalit modi controversysoon after being sworn-in in the modi cabinet, sushmaswaraj swaraj faced accusations in 2015 of having lobbied on behalf of former indian premier league chief lalit modi, who was then in london and seen as a fugitive.
;;0.0;;in an impromptu speech in parliament, swaraj defended herself and said she had never requested or made a recommendation to british authorities to provide travel documents to lalit modi.
;;-0.5994;;during her tenure as the foreign minister under modi government, sushmaswaraj swaraj raised multiple times the issue of kulbhushan jadhav, the former indian navy officer on death row in pakistan.
;;-0.886;;swaraj warned the pakistani government that if the death sentence is carried out by them, it will be regarded as an act of premeditated murder.
;;-0.9042;;on pakistans treatment meted towards jadhavs wife and mother in islamabad, swaraj condemned the obnoxious behaviour and called it a gross violation of their human rights.
;;-0.4588;;saying that pakistan had misused the emotional moment as an instrument to further its propaganda, swaraj added that there are not enough words to condemn the same.
;;0.2732;;in 2018, swaraj, the then foreign minister of india flayed pakistan at the 73rd united nations general assembly debate for accusing india of sabotaging the dialogue process.
;;-0.6808;;reiterating indias stand that talks and terror cannot go together, swaraj accused pakistan of being an expert in trying to mask malevolence with verbal duplicity.
;;-0.6705;;earlier in the day, un secretary general ban ki-moons deputy spokesman farhan haq was asked what the un position is on external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs remarks in her address to the un general assembly that pakistan should abandon its kashmir dream since kashmir is and will remain an integral part of india.
;;0.6908;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that respect for sovereignty is essential, in a clear reference to bri, since the china-pakistan economic corridor passes through areas in pakistan-occupied kashmir (pok).
;;-0.6486;;also read | sushmaswaraj swaraj meets xi, stresses need to learn each others languagemeanwhile, indian ministers attending the sco meetings in beijing took on pakistan, saying action must be taken against states that encourage terrorism.
;;0.4939;;swaraj delivered the first pandit deen dayal upadhyay memorial international lecture on soft power diplomacy: strength of india on monday.
;;0.4939;;(file) swaraj delivered the first pandit deen dayal upadhyay memorial international lecture on soft power diplomacy: strength of india on monday.
;;-0.2755;;(file)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said that the world was reeling under a storm of protectionism and that india did not agree with us president donald trumps me first approach on the issue.
;;0.4939;;swaraj was delivering the first pandit deen dayal upadhyay memorial international lecture on soft power diplomacy: strength of india, organised by iccr.
;;0.5106;;the decision of singh joining the interior/home ministers in the courtesy call of sharif was taken after several rounds of consultations among top officials of ministries of home, external affairs and prime ministers office last night.
;;0.5859;;not only did prime minister sharif praise wani but he also remarked that kashmir will one day become pakistan, a comment which evoked a sharp reaction from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who said his dream of the state becoming a part of his country will not be realised even at the end of eternity.
;;-0.5267;;b'senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj today attacked the jammu and kashmir government for arresting leaders of opposition from both houses of parliament while making a farce of inviting them to the official republic day parade in srinagar.
;;0.4019;;swaraj,along with senior party leaders arun jaitley and ananth kumar among others,was talking to reporters after being released by the j & k government in the afternoon.
;;-0.2263;;chouhan called on union commerce and industry minister suresh prabhu, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and home minister rajnath singh and apprised them of his apprehensions.
;;0.0;;on thursday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told indian journalists in new york that islamabads action had spoiled the game.
;;0.0;;the permanent secretary, ministry of foreign affairs, olushola enikanolaiye, sought action by the indian government at a meeting with indian high commissioner to nigeria nagabushana reddy in abuja on wednesday, state-run news agency of nigeria (nan) reported.
;;0.2023;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said the government was taking immediate action and she had spoken to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath who has assured her of a fair and impartial investigation into the unfortunate incident.
;;0.0;;suu kyi will call on president pranab mukherjee and have meetings with prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;besides the political developments in arunachal, which saw the installation of a new congress dispensation in the state, the modi governments decision to seek a report from the law commission on the proposal for introducing a uniform civil code are likely make the session a tempestuous affair.
;;-0.2023;;with the opposition set to raise the issue of indias failure to get a berth in the nuclear suppliers group, the government has said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was ready for discussion on issues including prime ministers recent foreign tours.
;;0.3182;;in the parliamentary board,madhya pradesh has two prominent members at present  sushmaswaraj swaraj and thawarchand gehlot.
;;-0.5574;;senior bjp leader and former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj died at the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) tuesday night.
;;0.34;;azad said he had shared a cordial relationship with swaraj, despite their ideological and political differences.
;;0.0;;in 2016, swaraj underwent a kidney transplant at aiims in a nearly six-hour-long surgery.
;;0.0;;senior bjp leader l k advani,leaders of the opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley,former bjp presidents rajnath singh,venkiah naidu and murli manohar joshi will be present at the rally at rani rashmoni avenue.
;;0.4019;;he had sought external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs help to seek treatment of his son at a hospital in belgium.
;;-0.6808;;but it is also time the world community exerts pressure on pakistan; pressure not just to ask pakistan to behave, but as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj exhorted at the un, if it doesnt behave, throw it out of all international fora.
;;0.0;;b'union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with punjab governor designate v.p. singh badnore during their meeting at her residence new delhi.
;;0.0;;(file) union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with punjab governor designate v.p. singh badnore during their meeting at her residence new delhi.
;;0.7096;;as the indian embassy in beijing was shut on saturday and sunday, the mma reportedly has written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to help them to return home safely.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajat the launch of the meas facebook app on thursday, the ministry spokesperson revealed an unknown fact about external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.8225;;the upcoming visit will provide an opportunity to the two sides to review wide-ranging cooperative partnership, and to progress it further for the benefit of the two peoples, the ministry of external affairs said in a statement.
;;0.4939;;external affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had visited nepal before oli took office to congratulate him for the victory of the left alliance in the parliamentary and provincial elections.
;;0.0;;b'rahul gandhi spent some time in the cardio-neuro centre of the hospital where swaraj is undergoing treatment since april 25.
;;0.0;;rahul gandhi spent some time in the cardio-neuro centre of the hospital where swaraj is undergoing treatment since april 25.
;;-0.3182;;congress vice president rahul gandhi on friday visited external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who was admitted at aiims here after she complained of chest congestion.
;;0.0;;gandhi spent some time in the cardio-neuro centre of the hospital where swaraj is undergoing treatment since april 25.
;;0.4404;;swaraj has had a good rapport with gandhi and his mother and congress president sonia gandhi since she was the leader of opposition in the last lok sabha.
;;0.4588;;the premier hospital had on thursday said that swaraj continued to show rapid improvement and would be discharged soon.
;;-0.5994;;b'both the bjp leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj today slammed the omar abdullah-led j&k government for stopping them from entering jammu and also rejected centres appeal to turn back.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.5106;;expressing shock over the shooting incident at a kansas bar in which indian citizen srinivas kuchibhotla lost his life, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said she will provide help and assistance to the family of the victim.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 24, 2017i have spoken to indian ambassador in us mr.navtej sarna.
;;-0.4019;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 24, 2017indian ambassador has also informed me that alok madasani who was injured in the incident has been discharged from the hospital.
;;-0.1027;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 24, 2017we will provide all help and assistance to the bereaved family.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 24, 2017i have spoken to the father and mr.k.k.shastri brother of srinivas kuchibhotla in hyderabad and conveyed my condolences to the family.
;;-0.5267;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 24, 2017the number of hate crimes in the us have tripled in the last year, from just 34 incidents in 2015 to 101 in 2016, according to the independent.
;;0.0;;bains claimed he is in touch with the officials from the office of ministry of external affairs.
;;0.0;;i will be personally meeting extrenal affairfs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj upon my return from australia on may 1, said bains.
;;0.4215;;b'foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (left) and gurpreet with her daughter at the indian consulate in frankfurt foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (left) and gurpreet with her daughter at the indian consulate in frankfurtexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who has proved to be an effective and hands-on minister in solving the problems of the indian diaspora, has done it again.
;;0.6124;;after gurpreet, a woman who was stuck in a refugee camp in germany, pleaded for help to the indian government through a video, swaraj intervened on twitter and paved the way for her rescue.
;;0.0;;after the video was intimated to swaraj by gurpreets family, the minister got her officials to get in touch with the indian consulate in frankfurt.
;;0.5106;;on wednesday, swaraj posted a picture of gurpreet and her daughter at the indian consulate after the latters rescue.
;;0.6124;;in another tweet, swaraj complimented indian ambassador to germany gurjit singh and consul general in frankfurt raveesh kumar for helping the woman and her child.
;;-0.6597;;(source: twitter/ @cgijeddah)nearly 800 indian workers have reportedly been starving for the last three days in saudi city of jeddah after losing their jobs and minister of state for external affairs vk singh will be travelling to the gulf nation to sort out the issue.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the indian embassy in saudi arabia has been directed to serve food to them and that she was monitoring the situation on an hourly basis.
;;0.0;;she said mos external affairs m j akbar will take up the issue with kuwait and saudi authorities.
;;0.0258;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 30, 2016my colleagues @gen_vksingh will go to saudi arabia to sort out these matters and @mjakbar will take up with kuwait and saudi authorities.
;;-0.4588;;/4  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 30, 2016while situation in kuwait is manageable, matters are much worse in saudi arabia.
;;-0.3182;;/3  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 30, 2016as a result our brothers and sisters in saudi arabia and kuwait are facing extreme hardship.
;;0.0;;later, swaraj posted pictures of food being provided to the indian workers.
;;0.3612;;b'slamming the government,bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj termed as untruth its claim that the charges against cvc p j thomas was not brought before the high-powered selection committee of which she was a member and said she would approach the supreme court in this regard.
;;0.3612;;swaraj,who had put on record her dissent to the selection of thomas as cvc by the three-member committee,was reacting to the affidavit filed by attorney general g e vahanvati in the supreme court today that the panel was not aware of the charges in the palmolein export case pending against him in kerala.
;;0.8126;;leaders of opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley have decided to raise their hands to be counted in bjps last-ditch attempt to save karnataka despite dark shadows over party prospects cast by intense factional rivalry during the last five years in the state.
;;-0.6124;;(express file photo: renuka puri)the remains of 39 indian workers killed by the isis in mosul are being stored in a freezer at the medico legal institute, iraqs forensic sciences department in baghdad, and will be handed over to minister of state for external affairs v k singh when he travels to that country, an iraqi official told the indian express over phone.
;;0.0;;an official of the ministry of external affairs said it was unlikely to be this week, may be next week, but nothing is fixed yet.
;;-0.886;;a week ago, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj informed parliament that all 39 indians abducted by isis in 2015 had been killed and their bodies recovered from a mass grave in badoosh.
;;-0.9042;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, meanwhile, addressing the rajya sabha, confirmed that the 39 indians who were abducted by the islamic state terror group, have been killed.
;;0.4215;;modis cabinet colleagues external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and finance and defence minister arun jaitley find their names on the fourth and fifth slots, respectively.
;;0.4404;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in a twitter post confirmed that all indian embassy staff were safe.
;;-0.8074;;the ministry of external affairs said, in a statement, we share the grief of all peace-loving afghans and convey our sincerest condolences to the government of afghanistan and the families of victims of the mindless violence and wish speedy recovery to those injured.
;;0.0;;in a series of tweets, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said, south sudan  i am aware of the developments in south sudan.
;;0.0;;bexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj leaves after a cabinet meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj leaves after a cabinet meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
;;-0.8689;;belgian authorities have identified raghavendran ganeshan, an infosys employee who had been missing ever since the terror attacks in brussels on march 22, as one of the blast victims, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said monday.
;;-0.6705;;he was travelling in the same coach of the metro in which the suicide bomber blew himself up, swaraj wrote on twitter.
;;0.128;;after he went missing, swaraj had posted his photograph on social media and appealed for help to find him.
;;-0.5574;;media reports suggest that the foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, announcing the bill, instead of the health minister, adduced indian culture as the reason for the ban.
;;0.0;;he told the house that he was in touch with union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to her american counterpart, secretary of state rex tillerson.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to her american counterpart, secretary of state rex tillerson.
;;-0.802;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sent a personal message to 24-year-old ian grillot, who was injured while trying to intervene during a shooting in which an indian techie was killed in kansas, and wished him a speedy recovery.
;;0.0;;the indian consul-general in houston, anupam ray, met grillot and his family yesterday at the university of kansas hospital and handed over the message from swaraj.
;;0.0;;ray also said that sushmaswaraj swaraj has 7.
;;0.6808;;(source: facebook)amid reports that an indian priest was crucified by the islamic state (is) in yemen on good friday, the catholic bishops conference of india (cbci) has decided to meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to seek clarity.
;;0.6486;;bexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj meets her azerbaijan counterpart mammadyarov in baku, azerbaijan on wednesday (source: twitter/@meaindia) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj meets her azerbaijan counterpart mammadyarov in baku, azerbaijan on wednesday (source: twitter/@meaindia)after calling on azerbaijan president ilham aliyev on wednesday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the two countries were committed to strengthening ties in a range of issues including trade and investment, connectivity and transportation, culture and tourism etc.
;;0.0;;swaraj, who is on a three-day visit to the country, landed in capital city baku on wednesday.
;;0.0;;read: why is sushmaswaraj swaraj going to azerbaijans capital baku?
;;0.2732;;earlier on wednesday, just before her departure from new delhi to baku, the ministry of external affairs had said in a statement that india, which is a founding member of nam, remains committed to the purposes and principles of the movement.
;;0.8481;;the external affairs ministers participation in the nam ministerial meeting will underline indias continued active and constructive engagement within the movement with a view to further strengthen solidarity and cooperation among its member states, the statement further added.
;;0.4019;;as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj heads to the unga, india must prepare to forcefully press home its case and rally global support in its attempts to corner pakistan.
;;-0.8807;;india could face a threat from fethullah gulen terrorist organisation  (feto) warned turkish foreign minister mevlut cavusoglu during his visit to india where he met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.34;;unfortunately, feto has also infiltrated india through associations and schools, cavusoglu said, adding that he brought up the issue during talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.4019;;spokesperson in the ministry of external affairs vikas swarup said the government was sensitive to turkeys concerns and that the countrys security agencies were looking into ankaras demand for closure of associations connected with feto which were reportedly carrying out illegal activities.
;;-0.6858;;india has a role to play: bashar al-assadwhile cavusoglu asked the international community to work together to bring about the much-needed political transition in syria, saying it was not only a prerequisite to end the conflict, but also essential to effectively fight terrorism, syrian president bashar al-assad in a meeting with mos external affairs mj akbar reportedly said that as a growing power, india has a role to play in meeting the challenge of terrorism, urging india to play its role in ensuring stability in west asia.
;;0.0;;during the dialogue, to be co-chaired by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and commerce and industry minister nirmala sitharaman along with kerry and us secretary of commerce penny pritzker, the entire gamut of cooperation between the two countries were taken up.
;;-0.3597;;(ap/file photo)as india prepares to respond to as many as 340 recommendations made by the international community at the human rights councils third universal periodic review in geneva today (september 21), it has emerged that a highly critical letter of indias human rights record, written by un high commissioner for human rights zeid raad al hussein to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in april, took as long as four months to reach the national human rights commission (nhrc) for action.
;;-0.7096;;on april 12 he wrote to sushmaswaraj swaraj, recommending that the nhrcs powers be expanded to cover all relevant cases involving the paramilitary forces and the army, including in jammu & kashmir state, as well as empowering it to inquire into alleged human rights violations and abuses by the armed forces of india.
;;-0.5719;;but as chennai-based human rights activist henri tiphagne found through two rti applications, to the mea and to the nhrc in july, zeid al husseins letter to sushmaswaraj swaraj  with copies to then vice-president and rajya sabha chairman hamid ansari, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, home minister rajnath singh and nhrc chairman h l dattu  took as long as four months to reach from south block, which houses the mea, to all these offices just down the road.
;;0.0;;the un high commissioner for human rights, it turned out, had written his letter to sushmaswaraj swaraj on april 12 and sent it to indias mission in geneva, which in turn had forwarded it to delhi.
;;-0.7701;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj warned that jadhavs execution will be taken by india as a pre-meditated murder and pakistan should consider its consequences on bilateral relations, if it proceeds on this matter.
;;0.34;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj welcomed uzma back home, calling her indias daughter.
;;0.34;;(file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj welcomed uzma back home, calling her indias daughter.
;;0.34;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj welcomed uzma back home, calling her indias daughter.
;;-0.0772;;i am sorry for all that you have gone through, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 25, 2017uzma, accompanied by indian mission officials, crossed the wagah border near amritsar this morning.
;;0.2732;;during a meeting in new delhi monday, minister for foreign affairs prakash sharan mahat and his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj agreed to expedite preparations for mukherjees visit to nepal, the paper said.
;;0.1027;;apart from singh, who is now the defence minister, the gom in the last government, had then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and then women and child development minister maneka gandhi as its members.
;;0.0;;congress leader shashi tharoor congress leader shashi tharoorwith rumours about congress leader shashi tharoors future floating again, the former mos for external affairs clarified on twitter that he is not joining the saffron brigade.
;;0.4404;;tharoor, who heads the parliamentary standing committee on external affairs, said he has spoken in favour of a pluralist india, and it does not match bjps ideology.
;;0.0;;it may be noted that one of his senior colleagues, former external affairs minister s m krishna, who was with the congress for three decades, joined the bjp recently.
;;0.0;;posting of choicebeing a close aide to the external affairs minister has its perks.
;;0.0;;so, when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs office director, vipul, had to choose his posting, he got what he wanted.
;;0.0;;hagel also met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj earlier friday.
;;-0.5423;;b'minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj with indian prisoner hamid ansaris parents.
;;-0.5423;;(file) minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj with indian prisoner hamid ansaris parents.
;;0.1779;;(file)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday met the family of indian prisoner hamid nehal ansari and assured them of all possible help.
;;0.0;;earlier, sushmaswaraj swaraj had directed the indian high commissioner in pakistan to seek consular access to hamid nahel ansari.
;;0.3182;;contrary to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs optimistic tone sunday, hua said the nsg should discuss the entry issue of non-npt countries as a whole instead of specific non-npt countries joining.
;;0.0;;external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said the issue of indias membership to the nsg is coming up at the plenary meeting of the group.
;;0.0;;this was conveyed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during a meeting with nepal deputy prime minister and minister for home affairs, bimalendra nidhi.
;;-0.5994;;the external affairs minister expressed condolence over the death of a nepalese national she conveyed that the inquiry into the incident will be expedited by the indian side, an official release said.
;;-0.8474;;while handling the murder of masonga dtonda olivier, the 28-year-old congolese student who was beaten to death in vasant kunj, delhi in may 2016, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said, india is the land of gandhi and buddhawe can never have a racist mindset.
;;0.0;;b'in his call on with maduro, ansari was accompanied by minister of state for external affairs m j akbar and secretary west sujata mehta.
;;0.0;;(file photo) in his call on with maduro, ansari was accompanied by minister of state for external affairs m j akbar and secretary west sujata mehta.
;;0.0;;in his call on with maduro, ansari was accompanied by minister of state for external affairs m j akbar and secretary west sujata mehta.
;;0.0;;she had held substantive talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to explore deepening of ties in a range of areas including in trade and investment and hydrocarbons sector.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)the government is trying to remove all bottlenecks in providing training in skill development and communication to those seeking to work abroad, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on thursday.
;;0.0;;responding to concerns of members on high air fares of those returning from abroad, she said the external affairs ministry has taken up with the civil aviation ministry for not charging workers returning from abroad high air fares.
;;-0.4404;;read: australia: kerala man injured after attack by group shouting racial insultsreplying to his contentions, kumar said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj takes up cases involving indians with authorities of foreign governments and that safety of overseas indians was a matter of priority for the government.
;;0.7269;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajmembers in the rajya sabha, cutting across party lines, on thursday extended a warm welcome to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj when she came to the house after a long absence due to health reasons.
;;0.6486;;greeting 65-year-old swaraj, deputy chairman p j kurien wished her a long and healthy life.
;;0.0;;swaraj underwent a kidney transplant on december 10 at the aiims.
;;0.4019;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajin her quest for the parents of geeta, the deaf-mute girl who was brought back to india from pakistan last year, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has written to bihar chief minister nitish kumar seeking his help.
;;0.3612;;vikas swarup, spokesperson, ministry of external affairs (mea), said details like geetas photographs over the years, identification marks, have been provided to the bihar chief minister and he has been requested to forward it to the officials at the district level.
;;0.0;;few days back external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has written to bihar chief minister nitish kumar providing him her details.
;;-0.5267;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)government today termed as unfortunate the incidents of attacks on african students in greater noida and said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will make a statement on this in the lok sabha on wednesday.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj has spoken to the uttar pradesh chief minister.
;;0.0;;however, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said that china was not opposing indias entry but was only talking about procedure involved.
;;-0.296;;b'released from custody after their high-pitched campaign for hoisting the national flag in srinagars lal chowk was thwarted,bjp leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley accused the omar abdullah government of surrendering to separatists.
;;-0.5267;;seven bjp activists were arrested in srinagar for attempting to hoist the tricolour at lal chowk which had been turned into a fortress while party cadres in jammu attacked a car of national conference minister after a press conference by swaraj and jaitley.
;;0.0;;asked swaraj.
;;-0.1027;;swaraj and jaitley were on a rath (chariot) leading party supporters,many of them,waving the national flag before they were arrested.
;;0.0;;confirming the move, ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup said, it is a normal practice for all countries to review staffing and related policies for their diplomatic missions, including in view of prevailing circumstances at those stations.
;;0.25;;sharif recently remarked that kashmir will one day become pakistan, a comment which evoked a sharp reaction from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who said his dream will not be realised even at the end of eternity.
;;0.0;;b'from left: chinese foreign minister wang yi, russia foreign minister sergey lavrov and indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj pose for a photo after a meeting in moscow, russia on monday, april 18, 2016.
;;0.0;;(ap photo) from left: chinese foreign minister wang yi, russia foreign minister sergey lavrov and indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj pose for a photo after a meeting in moscow, russia on monday, april 18, 2016.
;;-0.7964;;in her address at the foreign ministers meeting of ric (russia-india-china), external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the grouping must lead the world in fighting terrorism.
;;-0.4404;;read | sushmaswaraj swaraj raises masood azhar issue at meeting with chinese counterpartindia believes that the foremost challenge to international security continues to be posed by international terrorism.
;;0.7003;;the external affairs minister said the slowdown of the global economy has created its own set of issues for economies of all the three countries and they must join hands in spurring growth.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with her chinese counterpart wang yi in a meeting in moscow on monday.
;;0.0;;pti photo external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with her chinese counterpart wang yi in a meeting in moscow on monday.
;;0.0;;oli has met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and congress vice president rahul gandhi since his arrival on friday.
;;0.6705;;he said prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj must talk to the us government and ensure indians working in america are protected.
;;0.1027;;in delhi, home minister rajnath singh, finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister manohar parrikar met in the evening to take stock of the situation.
;;-0.8316;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file)the 39 indians, who were abducted by isis in iraqs mosul three years ago, were killed and their bodies have been recovered, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in parliament on tuesday.
;;0.4019;;minister of state for external affairs v k singh will be flying to iraq to bring back the bodies on a special flight, swaraj said.
;;0.25;;m j akbar m j akbarminister of state for external affairs m j akbar thursday said that india has the strength to stop the scourge of radicalisation because it has an ideological answer to it.
;;0.3612;;addressing the session via video conferencing, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj focussed on the importance of the indian ocean in the history of trade and culture.
;;0.0;;she had returned to india following the intervention of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushgam swaraj addressing a press conference in delhi today.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushgam swaraj addressing a press conference in delhi today.
;;-0.5687;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday said that pakistan has not refused to allow an nia team to visit that country to probe the pathankot airbase attack case and just sought more time even as it made it clear that talks and terror cannot go hand-in-hand.
;;-0.6054;;also read| sushmaswaraj swaraj: china not protesting indias membership in nsgthe external affairs minister said pakistan has not refused to allow a team of nia to visit that country to carry forward the probe into the pathankot terror attack case and that it is just seeking more time to examine the evidence.
;;0.0;;he is due to hold talks with his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj and on august 13 is likely to call on modi.
;;-0.3612;;how ill-advised the prime minister was when he chose to ignore the objections raised by sushmaswaraj swaraj,leader of the opposition in the lok sabha,in the appointment of the chief vigilance commissioner.
;;-0.296;;thomas,an accused in the palmolein import case in kerala,was appointed to the constitutional post by a committee,which had the prime minister,home minister p chidambaram and leader of opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj who had distanced herself from the decision by recording a note of dissent.
;;0.0;;as part of the promotion, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will take a group of diplomats, including ambassadors and high commissioners, to allahabad in december ahead of the event.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.3612;;(source: pti photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday promised medical visa to a pakistani man for his fathers liver transplant, prodding pakistans adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz to take up the case.
;;0.0;;responding to the pakistan mans plea, swaraj wrote on twitter, my sympathies are with you.
;;-0.4019;;co/olvo3oiymb  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 31, 2017because of recent turmoil across the border and strain relations, only a letter of recommendation by pakistan foreign affairs advisor sartaj aziz will enable a pakistani national to get a medical visa for india.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.8126;;gurdip called up his family and thanked the indian government and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for this miracle.
;;0.0;;ever since the case was highlighted by the media, swaraj followed it up.
;;0.0;;today, when the news came that gurdip has been spared from execution, swaraj tweeted, indian ambassador in indonesia has informed me that gurdip singh whose execution was fixed for last night, has not been executed.
;;0.6486;;though swaraj praised indian ambassador manpreet vohra for her release, many believe she led the campaign in this case as well.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narenda modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj meet judith dsouza, an indian charity worker kidnapped in kabul.
;;0.4019;;sushma swaraj intervened and asked her officials to help the woman.
;;0.3612;;swaraj, however, assured an african delegation that the government was working on a major strategy to address their concerns.
;;0.4659;;no denying the fact that the pm is actively pursuing and dictating the governments foreign policy initiatives, but swaraj has been instrumental in making the crucial ministry more responsive.
;;0.8126;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had on tuesday made a statement in both the houses, asserting that india will go out of way to ensure justice to jadhav who is an innocent kidnapped indian.
;;-0.7701;;jadhavs execution will be taken by india as a pre-meditated murder and pakistan should consider its consequences on bilateral relations, if it proceeds on this matter, swaraj warned.
;;0.0258;;in new delhi, the ministry of external affairs official spokesperson vikas swarup said the matter is very sensitive and the indian embassy in senegal is working on it.
;;0.4588;;it is learnt that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has taken interest in the issue, and the mea is getting in touch with senegalese authorities.
;;0.1531;;a statement released by the ministry of external affairs said dovals visit was part of regular high-level engagements between india and china.
;;0.1027;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman will visit beijing on april 24 to attend different meetings of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) and interact with their counterparts on the sidelines.
;;0.0;;this comes just days after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj demanded an apology from e-commerce giant amazon for selling a door mat with the indian flag imprinted on it.
;;-0.7184;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 24, 2017external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had also condemned the attack and offered assistance to the family.
;;0.4767;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajamid fierce trolling between the left and right platoons on twitter, the micro-blogging site doesnt cease to generate humour.
;;-0.4019;;after a tweeple tagged a hindi newspaper report on a visa problem faced by the foreigner wife of a man from haryana, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj chose to respond in chaste haryanavi.
;;0.0;;besides singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and nitin gadkari, union minister of road, transport and highways, shipping, water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation, who are part of the standing committee, are likely to attend the meeting.
;;0.4019;;he had sought external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs help to seek treatment of his son at a hospital in belgium.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday called on the president of cyprus, nicos anastasiades, and discussed areas of bilateral cooperation.
;;0.0;;in a series of tweets, external affairs ministry spokesperson gopal baglay said, intensifying cooperation with cyprus.
;;0.4019;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also tweeted: today is the founders day of bhartiya janata party.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on the vietnamese president.
;;0.7096;;their discussions focused on steps to further strengthen countrys comprehensive strategic partnership by expanding cooperation across all sectors, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj talks to with sri lankas prime minister ranil wickremesinghe during their meeting in colombo, sri lanka february 5, 2016.
;;0.0;;(source: reuters) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj talks to with sri lankas prime minister ranil wickremesinghe during their meeting in colombo, sri lanka february 5, 2016.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her lankan counterpart mangala samaraweera discussed the entire gamut of relationship during the 9th indo-lanka joint commission meeting in colombo co-chaired by them.
;;0.0;;swaraj, who arrived in colombo on friday on her second visit to the country within a year, earlier held talks with prime minister ranil wickremesinghe at the prime ministers office temple trees, and the two leaders had a fruitful exchange of views.
;;0.0;;wickremesinghe also proposed to make the joint commission meeting an annual affair.
;;0.4939;;swaraj and samaraweera took stock of preparation underway on agreement in economy and technology cooperation.
;;0.0;;swaraj had visited sri lanka in march 2015.
;;-0.0516;;they also included quotes from grillot, as well as indias external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj who tweeted that she was shocked with the incident.
;;0.0;;bidhya devi bhandari, president of nepal, arrives in new delhi on state visit to india, the ministry of external affairs official spokesperson gopal baglay tweeted.
;;0.0;;vice-president hamid ansari, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and finance minister arun jaitley will also call on the nepalese president.
;;0.0;;b'arreaza met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;arreaza met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;arreaza met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, and they discussed the entire gamut of bilateral relations.
;;-0.6808;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj saturday said that an indian man was stabbed to death by an immigrant near munich in germany while his wife smitha basarur is said to be stable.
;;-0.4404;;advertisingexpressing her condolences to his family, swaraj tweeted: indian couple prashant and smita basarur were stabbed by an immigrant near munich.
;;0.0;;/2  chowkidar sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 30, 2019prashant and smitha studied together in mangalore university, where she pursued masters in art.
;;-0.4404;;b'indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (ap photo) indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (ap photo)days after the indian express published the waiting, a series on the families of 39 indians abducted in iraq by the islamic state in 2014, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday said she had been informed by two heads of state in the region that the missing workers were alive.
;;0.4588;;petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had visited iran last month during which they had conveyed to iranian leaders that india wants to significantly ramp up engagement in oil and gas sector with that country.
;;0.0;;swaraj during her visit had conveyed to iranian leadership that india wants to invest in joint ventures in oil and gas sectors in the persian gulf nation where foreign investors from major economic powers are rushing in to get early footholds after lifting of sanctions.
;;0.0;;minister of state for external affairs mj akbar.
;;0.0;;(file photo) minister of state for external affairs mj akbar.
;;0.2023;;(file photo)union minister of state for external affairs mj akbar today said india was trying to secure justice for kulbhushan jadhav, who has been sentenced to death by a pakistani military court.
;;0.0;;akbar said the governments stand on the issue was clarified by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and home minister rajnath singh.
;;-0.296;;external affairs ministry spokesperson gopal baglay had said yesterday, india has no knowledge of kulbhushan jadhavs location and condition.
;;0.0;;ministry of external affairs spokesperson gopal baglay, in response to the charge, said, the governments approach would be to take everyone on board, and consultall stakeholders.
;;0.4404;;in october 2016, mamata had reached out to union home minister rajnath singh and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and said that while her government was keen to aid bangladesh, it was concerned of the water situation in north bengal.
;;0.0;;pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif will address the general assembly on september 21, five days before external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj addresses the gathering of world leaders.
;;0.0;;b'new delhi : union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj and us secretary of state john kerry at a joint press conference in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo) new delhi : union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj and us secretary of state john kerry at a joint press conference in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.5267;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, after holding the 2nd indo-us strategic and commercial dialogue with us secretary of state john kerry, said the two countries agreed on additional measures to strengthen counter-terrorism cooperation.
;;-0.4019;;india is sending minister of state for external affairs v k singh to beijing to attend the brics foreign ministers meeting on june 18 and 19, marking a thaw in its strained relationship with china.
;;0.0;;the meeting was to be hosted by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj but there is a possibility that a similar ministers meeting may take place in beijing that would be attended by russian foreign minister sergei lavrov, wang and singh.
;;0.9022;;expressing her delight in the icj order going indias way, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted: the icj order has come as a great relief to the familly of kulbhushan jadhav and people of india.
;;0.4939;;india stands victorious, congratulate all concerned persons, especially the external affairs ministry.
;;0.3182;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs recent visit to kathmandu to meet and greet prime minister oli is an example of this new-found pragmatism.
;;0.5859;;in the space of three years, swaraj has gone from pushing the lost cause of the roti-beti rishta a kinship with the madhes  and informally backing a blockade so as to send kathmandu the message that it must treat all its citizens equally; in kathmandu, she told oli that delhi is ready to deal with nepal as an important neighbour, irrespective of how it wants to discriminate against the people of the terai.
;;0.4019;;it is interesting that in this last year before the 2019 general elections, swaraj is being able to put her stamp more forcefully on foreign policy.
;;0.7269;;at the time, zhao qizheng, dean of the school of journalism of renmin university and head of the state council information office, had described tao guang yang hui as to observe calmly, secure our position, cope with affairs calmly, hide our capacities and bide our time, be good at maintaining a low profile and never claim leadership.
;;0.0;;asked about the meeting of former foreign secretaries and envoys to pakistan called by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj last sunday, he said, we were actually called before pathankot happened and the meeting was set up on thursday on wednesday night, thursday morning.
;;-0.4019;;on thursday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called the hospital to enquire about the dispute.
;;0.0258;;read | four years of modi government  home affairs: turning the heat down in northeastwhats donethe government has made a concerted effort to reach out to all 192 countries.
;;0.0;;as declared by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, almost every country had to be visited by a ministerial-level delegation during the term.
;;-0.6249;;the opposition viewcongress spokesperson manish tewari congress spokesperson manish tewarimanish tiwari, secy of congress foreign affairs dept, spokesperson; distinguished senior fellow with atlantic council: the nda govts foreign policy has been an unmitigated disaster.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (2nd right) at the second formal meeting of the brics ministers of external affairs in pretoria on june 04, 2018.
;;0.0;;(mea/facebook via pti photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (2nd right) at the second formal meeting of the brics ministers of external affairs in pretoria on june 04, 2018.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is on a five-day trip to south africa, attended the brics (brazil, russia, india, china and south africa) foreign ministers meeting on monday.
;;-0.4404;;mea spokesperson raveesh kumar mea spokesperson raveesh kumarindia has taken up with italy the incidents of attacks on two indian students in milan, the external affairs ministry said on friday.
;;0.0;;following the incidents, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday had said that she was personally monitoring the situation.
;;0.0;;the commemoration will continue over the next two days with events spearheaded by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;india has not yet approached the uk for extradition of liquor baron vijay mallya and former ipl boss lalit modi, wanted by indian investigators in multiple cases, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said sunday, as the ed is still to provide required documents to her ministry.
;;0.1531;;swaraj added that the hcs reception invite too did not go to mallya.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(express photo by tashi tobgyal/file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.7717;;(express photo by tashi tobgyal/file)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in lok sabha wednesday the response of the dean of heads of african missions to attacks on african students was unfortunate, painful and surprising.
;;0.2732;;minister of state for external affairs v k singh spoke to him about the prompt steps taken taken by her as well as uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;0.34;;the prime minister was later taken to the venue hotel by road in benaulim where he was welcomed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;b'indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (ap photo) indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (ap photo)the government will not let any indian stranded in saudi arabia go hungry and will bring all of them back, minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj told the lok sabha monday.
;;0.0;;amid concerns raised by various mps on the plight of nearly 10,000 retrenched workers stranded in saudi arabia, swaraj made a statement in the lok sabha and said she was personally monitoring the situation on an hourly basis and her deputy v k singh was leaving for saudi arabia to oversee the evacuation process.
;;0.0;;according to an official statement, secretary pritzker will co-chair the strategic and commercial dialogue with us secretary of state john kerry, indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, and minister of commerce and industry nirmala sitharaman.
;;0.0;;jan 23,2009: thomas appointed as secretary,parliamentary affairs to goi.
;;-0.0772;;it is a serious affair.
;;0.0772;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to the chief minister, following which she said the central government will take immediate action and that adityanath has assured her of a fair and impartial investigation into this unfortunate incident.
;;0.6369;;later, minister of state for external affairs m j akbar spoke to the acting high commissioner of nigeria and apprised her of the steps being taken by the local authorities for safety and security of nigerian nationals in the area.
;;0.1027;;a close aid of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, sharmas strength lies among the traders community in kalka.
;;-0.6124;;senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday demanded removal of union minister m k alagiri from the cabinet in wake of the alleged attack on a poll official by dmk men in his presence.
;;0.0;;external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(file photo) external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0258;;responding to a matter raised by congress leader ahmed patel during the zero hour, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said other members had earlier raised the issue and she had given a statement.
;;0.0;;(source: reuters)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on friday that indian missions in canada are working round the clock after a blast at an indian restaurant in ontario province.
;;0.6249;;please rt  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 25, 2018follow | toronto blast live updatescanadian media reports cited police as saying that two unidentified men detonated a powerful improvised explosive device at the restaurant, injuring at least 15 people.
;;0.4019;;later, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also took cognizance of the matter and apologised to her on twitter saying she would alert her senior colleague rajnath singh under whose ministry the immigration department falls.
;;0.7184;;30 pm: the ministry of external affairs clarifies that india told turkey that it is ready to resolve all bilateral issues with pakistan, including kashmir, reports pti.
;;0.802;;55 pm: following the bilateral talks held by pm modi and president erdogan, external affairs ministry spokesperson gopal baglay said that turkey has taken a keen interest in the governments smart cities and make in india programmes.
;;0.3384;;we have always emphasised that india-turkey relations stand on their own footing and, we believe, the turkish side reciprocates our sentiment, ruchi ghanashyam, secretary (west) in the external affairs ministry, said, adding that indias position on the state of j&k is very well known that it is an integral part of the country.
;;0.0;;35 am: besides the bilateral meeting with prime minister modi, a meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is also scheduled.
;;0.0;;(file photo)punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh on tuesday requested external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to do the needful in bringing back the bodies of the 39 indians from iraqs mosul and provide the necessary assistance to their families in performing the last rites.
;;-0.3182;;meanwhile, the cpi(m) lashed out at the government and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for not informing the families of the mosul victims before her statement in parliament.
;;-0.6597;;(source: ap photo)with nearly 10,000 indian workers reportedly starving for the last three days in jeddah, saudi arabia, after losing their jobs, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj saturday said the indian embassy has been directed to serve them food and external affairs mos v k singh is travelling to saudi arabia to sort out the issue.
;;0.5106;;we have asked @indianembriyadh to provide free ration to the unemployed indian workers in saudi arabia, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.0;;she said mos external affairs m j akbar will take up the issue with kuwait and saudi authorities.
;;0.5859;;regarding the proposed teesta water sharing treaty between india and bangladesh, he said it was in an advanced stage and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had already made a statement in the parliament.
;;0.34;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is already at beijing on a four-day visit here to attend the sco foreign ministers meeting to finalise the agenda for the summit of the eight-member political, economic and security bloc.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to her american counterpart, secretary of state rex tillerson.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to her american counterpart, secretary of state rex tillerson.
;;-0.7269;;india and the us agreed to cooperate closely in the global fight against terrorism when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to her american counterpart, secretary of state rex tillerson, on wednesday.
;;0.4588;;the external affairs minister and secretary tillerson resolved to work together closely to further expand and deepen the multi-faceted strategic partnership between india and the us, an external affairs ministry statement said.
;;-0.4767;;(file photo)india has issued a medical visa to a two-and-a-half-month-old baby from pakistan, suffering from a heart disease, after his father sought intervention of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.1027;;earlier this week, ken sid, a pakistani national, reached out to swaraj through the social media platform for a medical visa for his son, who has a heart complication which cannot be treated in pakistan.
;;-0.2023;;read | india strikes terror, deep in pakistanforeign secretary vijay gokhale and other secretaries in the ministry of external affairs briefed foreign envoys based in delhi, including those of the united states, russia, china, france and the united kingdom, on the air strike exercising indias right to self-defence.
;;-0.5994;;on tuesday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to her counterparts in the us, china, singapore, bangladesh and afghanistan and briefed them on the pre-dawn strike on the jaish-e-mohammad terror training camp in pakistans khyber pakhtunkhwa province, sources said.
;;0.0;;swaraj then left for wuzhen in china for the russia-india-china-trilateral meeting where she will meet chinese state councillor wang yi and russian foreign minister sergey lavrov on wednesday.
;;-0.128;;in a phone conversation with us secretary of state mike pompeo, swaraj explained the reasons behind the strike and conveyed that the action was specifically targeted at the jem camp.
;;0.5859;;while modi was accompanied by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, national security adviser ajit doval, ambassador s jaishankar and other senior officials of the mea and pmo while obama was assisted by vice president joe biden, secretary of state john kerry, national security advisor susan rice and assistant secretary of state for south and central asia nisha desai biswal.
;;-0.1779;;akbaruddins tweet was accompanied with a picture of guterres shaking hands with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;guterres had met swaraj during his visit to new delhi in july this year.
;;0.2732;;mapping pm modis foreign trips: 26 countries in 2015, 3 so far in 2016; now off to iranexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan have already visited iran to do the groundwork for political and energy talks.
;;0.0;;kohli of the ngo independent student federation says he contacted the external affairs ministry seeking its intervene and bringing back nanak through diplomatic channels.
;;0.0258;;he said the matter was brought to the notice of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj when they met her around seven months back in delhi.
;;0.4019;;nanaks parents would meet swaraj next month again and seek her help in getting him back, kohli said.
;;0.5267;;highlighting the speech made by senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj at a pro-telangana meet at karimnagar on tuesday,congress lok sabha mp from karimnagar ponnam prabhakar said he would bring to the high commands notice the attempts of bjp to gain political mileage on the issue.
;;0.0;;minister of state for external affairs vk singh.
;;0.0;;(express file photo) minister of state for external affairs vk singh.
;;0.0;;hours later, the ministry of external affairs (mea) confirmed minister of state (mos) for external affairs v k singhs official visit.
;;0.4939;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said publicly, with then us secretary of state rex tillerson by his side in october 2017, that embassies of some of us friendly countries should remain there so that some channels of communication remain open.
;;0.0;;the chief minister said he had requested the ministry of external affairs to announce ex gratia to the families and his government was awaiting their decision.
;;0.6908;;the chief minister said he was in constant touch with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her junior minister v k singh to ensure the mortal remains are brought back at the earliest and with due respect.
;;0.6808;;ministry of external affairs spokesperson gopal baglay said on friday that officials of the two border districts, kanchanpur in nepal and lakhimpur kheri in india, met after the incident and agreed to maintain peace.
;;-0.0194;;nepals ministry of foreign affairs, in a statement on friday night, said, the government of nepal has already taken up this matter with serious concern at higher diplomatic level of the government of india with a demand to investigate the incident and bring the guilty to justice.
;;0.0;;deputy prime minister and home minister bimalendra nidhi spoke to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the issue, media reports here said.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will attend a two-day meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco), beginning tuesday, in kyrgyz capital bishkek.
;;0.3612;;the ministry of external affairs said the council of foreign ministers (cfm) will exchange views on topical issues of international and regional importance, besides reviewing the preparation for the sco summit in bishkek on june 13-14.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will be representing india in the meeting of council of foreign ministers (cfm) of shanghai cooperation organisation to be held in bishkek on may 21-22, it said.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday discussed economic relations with russian deputy prime minister yuri trutnev, who is presently on a four-day visit to india beginning march 15.
;;0.8316;;swaraj on her part specifically stressed the growing mutual beneficial ties between india and russia in energy sector, particularly in the russian far east, the statement said, adding she expressed hope that the mutual complementary strength of the two partners in the diamond sector will be exploited fully.
;;0.0;;the external affairs minister also emphasised on cooperation in maritime and agricultural sector, and on institutional linkages between the countries in these areas.
;;0.5184;;on the other hand, each such episode is an exposition of the limitations of indian diplomacy with china  even a personal word from prime minister narendra modi to chinese president xi jinping, and an appeal from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, have not done the trick.
;;0.0;;eu foreign policy chief federica mogherini shakes hands with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi on friday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) eu foreign policy chief federica mogherini shakes hands with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi on friday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)european union foreign policy chief federica mogherini on friday held talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on a range of issues including on preparations for the annual india-eu summit scheduled to be held here later this year.
;;0.4215;;mogherini also held delegation-level talks with minister of state for external affairs m j akbar during which they discussed progress on decisions taken during the annual summit in brussels last year.
;;0.8442;;advertisingsherins death attracted the attention of the indian government and the then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took keen interest in the case and also instructed the indian mission in houston to make sure that the indian toddler received justice.
;;0.0;;reddy wanted to know from prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj about the diplomatic efforts being made by the government to address the issue.
;;0.4404;;vice president m hamid ansari, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, union home minister rajnath singh and finance minister arun jaitley will also call on the visiting dignitary.
;;0.7269;;the remains of former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj were cremated with full state honours at lodhi road crematorium here on wednesday in the presence of leaders from across the political spectrum and scores of supporters.
;;-0.4019;;sonia gandhi, former congress chief and one-time political rival from bellary, karnataka, from where swaraj had unsuccessfully contested the lok sabha polls in 1999, was also there, as were former congress chief rahul gandhi, leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad and cpi(m) leader brinda karat.
;;0.946;;i am shocked and deeply saddened at the sudden passing away of your beloved wifeadvertisingthe same courage and grit that was hallmark of sushma-jis political life, she showed in her personal life as well, as she faced her serious ailments with incredible fortitude you must draw solace from the fact that sushmaji lived a life of honour, filled with achievement and contributions to the country she loved; respected and admired by all indians.
;;-0.8689;;read | kulbhushan jadhav death sentence: sushmaswaraj swaraj warns pakistan of consequences to bilateral tiesin a bid to mount pressure on pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday said carrying out the death sentence will affect the bilateral relations between the two countries.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on the vietnamese president.
;;0.7096;;their discussions focused on steps to further strengthen countrys comprehensive strategic partnership by expanding cooperation across all sectors, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
;;-0.128;;b'externail affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by anil sharma/file) externail affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by anil sharma/file)terrorism is one of the foremost threats to international peace and security as it maims and kills our citizens, and undermines the ability to attain development goals, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;0.6369;;addressing the 18th mid-term ministerial meeting of the non-aligned movement (nam) here, swaraj also pushed for reforms of the united nations security council.
;;0.1531;;india remains committed to the shared goal of the global elimination of nuclear weapons, swaraj added.
;;0.296;;the top four  finance, home, external affairs and defence  have been left untouched by prime minister narendra modi.
;;-0.4019;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, earlier in the day, tweeted her inability to attend the swearing-in ceremony.
;;0.0;;he served on the consultation committee at the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.0;;00 am: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has clarified she wont be able to attend the swearing-in ceremony.
;;-0.296;;media  pl avoid the headline : sushmaswaraj skips oath ceremony.
;;0.1027;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 5, 2016the first council of ministers expansion of the narendra modi government took place in november 2014, which saw a few changes in the cabinet including the induction of defence minister manohar parrikar.
;;0.4019;;bjps south goa mp narendra sawaikar has written a letter to ministry of external affairs seeking its help for the 14 indians stranded in africa.
;;0.4019;;(file photo) bjps south goa mp narendra sawaikar has written a letter to ministry of external affairs seeking its help for the 14 indians stranded in africa.
;;0.4019;;(file photo)lok sabha member from south goa narendra sawaikar has urged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to help 14 indians reportedly stranded on a merchant navy vessel at a port in djibouti in africa.
;;0.4215;;quoting a report in a local newspaper, which said that a man from goa is among the 14 indians stranded on the ship, sawaikar, in a letter, requested swaraj to instruct the officials concerned to take immediate steps for the safety and release of the indian crew.
;;0.0;;khangembam has asked the authorities to take action and has been plans to write to the ministry of external affairs about the incident.
;;0.1779;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has tendered apology in her tweeter posts.
;;0.34;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said last week that efforts were on to secure release of the priest.
;;-0.765;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (source: pti) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (source: pti)india has taken up the issue of a medical student who died after being attacked by local goons with russian authorities.
;;0.0;;we have taken this up with russian authorities and we will take this to the logical conclusion, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted late wednesday night.
;;0.0;;earlier this week, sources in the ministry of external affairs had indicated that the visit could take place somewhere around june.
;;0.0;;president pranab mukherjee visited israel in october, 2015, followed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs visit to the jewish nation last year.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and harsimrat kaur arrive to attend the canonization ceremony of mother teresa in vatican city on sunday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo|twitter) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and harsimrat kaur arrive to attend the canonization ceremony of mother teresa in vatican city on sunday.
;;0.4215;;(pti photo|twitter)missionaries of charity sister mary sally, who was evacuated from conflict-torn yemen earlier this year by the indian government, today met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in vatican city.
;;0.0;;sister sally, who was evacuated out of yemen by the govt meets eam @sushmaswaraj, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
;;0.0;;swaraj represented india at the canonisation ceremony of mother teresa at a mass in st peters square here presided over by pope francis in the presence of over 100,000 pilgrims.
;;0.34;;swaraj arrived here earlier along with 12 others that included two state-level delegations from delhi and west bengal led by chief ministers arvind kejriwal and mamata banerjee respectively.
;;0.8462;;speaking earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the isa is not only a testament to indias unwavering faith in multi-lateralism but also commitment on all of our parts to a better, sustainable and greener future.
;;0.4939;;swaraj used five sanskrit names for the sun god while speaking of indias push for solar energy.
;;0.9468;;i would like to bow before the sun god and address him by five different names in sanskrit, om suriyaya namaha, om adityaya namaha, om dinkaraya namaha, om divakaraya namaha, om bhaskarya namahathis means oh sun god, we bow before you, you illuminate the external and the internal world and you are the best to be adored and worshipped.
;;0.2732;;speaking to reporters later, t s tirumurti, secretary (economic relations), ministry of external affairs, said that the solar technology mission announced by modi was a path breaking initiative with an international focus to take the lead internationally in solar energy development.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4215;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday night took to twitter to provide details on a case in the united states where a youth from telangana was shot at.
;;-0.4019;;external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, had tweeted about murthys rescue earlier this week and informed that he had suffered a bullet injury.
;;-0.2023;;in the wake of worsening security situation in libya, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj friday urged indians living in the capital tripoli to leave the war-ravaged country immediately.
;;0.0;;we will not be able to evacuate them later, tweeted swaraj.
;;0.0;;earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on the cypriot president, and discussed areas of bilateral cooperation.
;;-0.296;;news agency pti reported that swaraj spoke to the indian ambassador to poland ajay bisaria about the assault in the poznan city after which she gave the confirmation that the student is alive.
;;0.4019;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)reiterating the governments stand of proactively pursuing nsg membership, minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj said on wednesday that india is engaged with nsg and individual members thereof at appropriate levels to seek membership of group.
;;0.0;;the indian express had reported earlier that us secretary of state john kerry has had two conversations with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj over the last two days on the issue.
;;-0.9812;;watch video: uri attack: john kerry spoke to sushmaswaraj swaraj twice over 2 daysus condemnation of pakistans terror groups comes in the wake of the recent september 8 terrorist attack in uri, jammu and kashmir, where 18 indian soldiers were killed by jaish-e-mohammed terrorists.
;;-0.8807;;also read: john kerry spoke to sushmaswaraj twice over two days: do not escalate situation with pakistanthe uri attack came amid a long drawn phase of violence in kashmir valley after the killing of hizbul mujahideen commander burhan wani by security forces on july 8 that resulted in the deaths of around 90 people.
;;-0.4939;;senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj,who visited the five-year-old child in aiims on saturday,tweeted that she met another five-year-old rape survivor at the hospital.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made the announcement in rajya sabha today.
;;0.0;;express photo by anil sharma external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made the announcement in rajya sabha today.
;;-0.7717;;express photo by anil sharmaexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said that the 39 missing indians in iraq have been killed.
;;-0.0258;;the external affairs minister added that the mass grave had exactly 39 bodies, with distinctive features like long hair, non-iraqi shoes and ids.
;;0.4019;;minister of state for external affairs v k singh will be flying to iraq to bring back the bodies on a special flight.
;;0.0;;read | passport row: mea cites timing of visit, kerala cm pinarayi vijayan calls decision mysteriousrajasekaran also said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj would make a statement on the steps taken on the issue in parliament on sunday.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(express file photo by prem nath pandey) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4019;;(express file photo by prem nath pandey)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj saturday invited the indian diaspora to donate money towards the implementation of various development projects, including clean india and ganga rejuvenation, and get connected with their roots.
;;0.0323;;attacking aap, he said that this party is on the verge of getting finished and only the last rites needed to be performed, looking at its present state of affairs.
;;0.0;;he said that the state government would hold talks with the union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to hold a summit in amritsar for hosting more than 30 ministers of various countries in december.
;;-0.2263;;in response, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj gave a fitting reply to sharif for interfering in indias internal matters and trying to destabilise the situation in the kashmir valley, saying that the continuous remarks by pakistan are somewhere leading to a malicious propaganda against india.
;;-0.4588;;b'senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday declined to comment on union home minister p chidambarams charge that she was making thoughtless allegations on the issue of p j thomas appointment as the central vigilance commissioner.
;;-0.6369;;chidambaram had accused swaraj of making thoughtless allegations and tying herself in knots by levelling the charge that he had misled the panel,which selected thomas as the cvc.
;;0.25;;i take exception to the statement by sushmaswaraj swaraj that i had misled the selection committee and told the committee that thomas had been acquitted, chidambaram hadsaid in a statement on wednesday.
;;-0.0516;;swaraj had accused chidambaram of informing the committee that thomas had been acquitted in the palmolein case.
;;0.5267;;b'sushma swaraj, external affairs minister, said the government is making a wholehearted effort to gain membership to the nuclear suppliers group.
;;0.5267;;sushma swaraj, external affairs minister, said the government is making a wholehearted effort to gain membership to the nuclear suppliers group.
;;0.5267;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on july 20 said the government is making a wholehearted effort to gain membership to the nuclear suppliers group (nsg), adding it was still talking to china over the procedural hurdles posed by beijing for indias membership.
;;-0.7184;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 3, 2016reacting to the shameful incident, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj said that she has asked karnataka chief minister s siddaramaiah to take stringent action against the guilty.
;;-0.9844;;share this article related article law minister gowda meets bengaluru accident victims familylaw minister gowda meets bengaluru accident victims family tanzanian student attacked: it is time for india to confront an embedded racismtanzanian student attacked: it is time for india to confront an embedded racism tanzanian student targeted because she was black: high commissioner kijazitanzanian student targeted because she was black: high commissioner kijazi tanzanian student targeted: womans clothes were torn in scuffletanzanian student targeted: womans clothes were torn in scuffle tanzanian woman was not stripped, paraded naked: karnataka home ministertanzanian woman was not stripped, paraded naked: karnataka home minister tanzanian student attack: bengaluru police arrest five people, siddaramaiah assures justiceit is learnt that the high commission of tanzania has sent a note verbale to the ministry of external affairs about the reported attack, requesting it to take necessary legal action against the guilty.
;;-0.6697;;later, swaraj tweeted, we are deeply pained over the shameful incident with a tanzanian girl in bengalurui have asked the chief minister to ensure safety and security of all foreign students and stringent punishment for the guilty.
;;-0.9022;;(file photo)under fire from african envoys over the recent spate of violence involving africans in the country, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tuesday said that she, as a mother, understands the pain of a mother who loses a son on foreign soil.
;;-0.9588;;share this article related article not right to connect attack on african students with racism: sushmaswaraj swaraj in lsnot right to connect attack on african students with racism: sushmaswaraj swaraj in ls attack on africans in greater noida: african envoys hit out, govt says aberrationattack on africans in greater noida: african envoys hit out, govt says aberration attacks on africans continue despite attempts to build harmonyattacks on africans continue despite attempts to build harmony african students attacked in greater noida: sushmaswaraj swaraj speaks to up cm yogi adityanathafrican students attacked in greater noida: sushmaswaraj swaraj speaks to up cm yogi adityanath sushmaswaraj swaraj tweets: shake hands with africans, tell them india loves themsushma swaraj tweets: shake hands with africans, tell them india loves them murder of congolese national: african countries want 'africa day' put offmaking her point that this was not a racist attack, she said, all criminal acts should not be construed as racial attacks.
;;0.3612;;on her part, swaraj assured the team that the government was working on a major strategy under which an institutional mechanism will be put in place to address their concerns and that singh and other mea officials will hold meetings with the african community in all major metros where they reside.
;;-0.8481;;swaraj emphasised that the attacks were not premeditated acts against a particular community and were spontaneous attacks perpetrated by anti-social and criminal elements.
;;-0.7717;;(express photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday told the rajya sabha that the 39 missing indians in iraq have been killed.
;;0.0772;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday tweeted a photograph of the two indians who hail from tamil nadu.
;;0.1027;;i am happy to inform about the release of two indian nationals midhun and edward who were abducted in south sudan, tweeted swaraj.
;;0.0258;;the news came to light after production operator at south sudans dar petroleum operating company, ajay raja, tweeted thursday night thanking swaraj for her timely intervention in the matter.
;;0.4588;;watch: excessive force cant be used by army or police even in afspa areas: sca day later, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj apologised saying she would soon ask home minister rajnath singh to ensure immigration officials undergo a sensitisation programme.
;;0.0258;;/2  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 10, 2016here is her original facebook post:monika, a resident of imphal in manipur, took to facebook again on july 10 and informed that she is currently in seoul for some work and would take the issue forward by filing a complaint after she is back in 15 days.
;;0.7845;;chief minister oommen chandy thanked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for ensuring safe return of the nurses.
;;0.1531;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj greets nepal prime minister k p oli in new delhi on friday.
;;0.1531;;(source: pti) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj greets nepal prime minister k p oli in new delhi on friday.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and finance minister arun jaitley will be among those who will call on the nepal pm.
;;0.0;;on monday, he will address the indian council for world affairs and attend a business meeting.
;;0.5574;;specifically, choosing bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj for the eloquent praise, shinde said aap ki baat mein mithaas hai.
;;0.8402;;(photo: pti)on the last day of the 15th lok sabha, home minister and leader of the house sushilkumar shinde on friday played a statesman as he showered praise on the opposition and particularly chose bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj to hail her partys support to get the crucial telangana bill passed.
;;0.7841;;specifically, choosing swaraj for the eloquent praise, shinde said aap ki baat mein mithaas hai, mithai khane se bhi woh mithaas nahi hoti (your tone is very sweet, it is sweeter than the sweets).
;;0.0;;b'union minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;union minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.5346;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday night tweeted in support of a british couple who has had a baby through surrogacy in india but is facing issues while getting a british passport for their daughter, lily and might be forced to leave for uk without her.
;;0.0;;swaraj tweeted.
;;0.2263;;swaraj in her tweets has questioned the british authorities and also asked the advocates of commercial surrogacy to come up with a solution, taking a jibe at the critiques of the governments new surrogacy bill.
;;0.0;;co/ocvynsss4y  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) september 13, 2016according to their petition, lilys application for her uk passport has been with the passport office since 3rd june, but processing delays with the international checks at the uk passport office have left the couple stranded.
;;-0.7351;;this was the second time in three weeks when the bjp headquarters mourned the death of a senior leader after former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj passed away on august 6.
;;-0.836;;earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met home minister rajnath singh, amid the uncertainty over the indo-pak foreign secretary-level talks scheduled in islamabad on january 15 after the pathankot terror attack.
;;0.0;;according to official sources, the 20-minute one-on-one meeting was held on a request of swaraj.
;;0.7783;;he said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj whom he had met during his delhi visit, had promised to look into his plea for for steps to expand the area of operation of passport seva kendra to benefit those hailing from villupuram, tindivanam, chidambaram and mayiladuthurai.
;;-0.5267;;he said swaraj had enquired about the recent happenings in pondicherry central university (following release of a controversial magazine widerstand), to which he had told her governments role was restricted to maintain law and order.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj and rajnath singh in parliament wednesday.
;;0.6652;;(source: express photo by anil sharma)fifty radicalised young men from india have crossed over to the other side  us taraf gaye hain  but the secular indian ethos, culture and family system have ensured the country remains by and large free from extremism, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told lok sabha today.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj speaking in parliament.
;;0.0;;(file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj speaking in parliament.
;;-0.6486;;(file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday confirmed that 39 indians, who were taken hostage in iraq by isis militants in june 2015, are dead.
;;0.0;;search operations, said swaraj, led to a mound in badoosh where locals said some bodies were buried by the isis.
;;-0.6486;;also read | 39 indians kidnapped by islamic state in iraq are dead: sushmaswaraj swaraj informs parliamentdna testing established the identity of 38 indians while there has been 70 per cent match with the 39th person, she said.
;;-0.1531;;in may 2015, swaraj after meeting the families of the abducted indians had reassured the families about the well-being of the nationals on the basis of information received from various sources.
;;-0.6124;;also read | harjit masih claims chances of survival of 39 indians in iraq bleak, government refuteshowever, swaraj had at that time refuted masihs claims and said: i did not believe harjit masihs claims that 39 indians were killed ive met family members of indian nationals who are stranded in iraq, had discussions with them harjit masih is claiming that all of them are dead, but i do not believe him will continue with the search.
;;-0.8779;;watch | white house condemns kansas shooting that killed an indian engineerexternal affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted friday, saying she is shocked at the incident.
;;0.0;;(file)the final touches to the informal summit was given during external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs meeting with chinese state councillor and foreign minister wang yi in beijing last sunday on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) foreign ministers meet.
;;0.0;;b'swaraj, who called on president u htin kyaw, also held talks with state counsellor and foreign minister aung san suu kyi.
;;0.6369;;(source: ani)india is ready to give all help was the message given to the myanmarese leadership by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is in nay pyi daw on the first high-level visit from india after the new government came to power in march following decades of military rule.
;;0.0;;swaraj, who called on president u htin kyaw, also held talks with state counsellor and foreign minister aung san suu kyi.
;;0.6369;;congratulating suu kyi for the victory in the first genuine election, swaraj assured her of all help.
;;0.0;;the one-day trip by swaraj, accompanied by foreign secretary s jaishankar and other senior ministry of external affairs officials, is the first high-level visit from india since the civilian government took over earlier this year.
;;0.6808;;suu kyi, the de facto leader of myanmar and a nobel laureate besides being a democracy icon, thanked swaraj for the support.
;;0.3818;;the visit reaffirms indias commitment to heighten partnership with myanmar in the areas of priority by the new government of myanmar, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said.
;;-0.7783;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also took to twitter on friday and said: i am shocked at the shooting incident in kansas in which srinivas kuchibhotla has been killed.
;;-0.4767;;with the centuries-old tradition of rulers of india dominating the geo-strategic space in south asia, independent india sought to exclude external powers from the region.
;;0.8282;;if saarc is a broken-down vehicle, we need another instrument, but cannot ignore or abandon the task of building a largely cohesive and stable periphery, which is essential to prevent meddling by external powers and realise our legitimate aspirations in the indo-pacific and beyond.
;;0.9451;;imagine its lure, even for business and industry in an otherwise hostile pakistan, when it was growing at 8 to 10 per cent, second, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs assurance in an address in december 2014 that realising its special responsibility in driving the locomotive of south asian growth, india would continue to institutionalise positive asymmetry in favour of our neighbours and allow all to benefit from our economy and market, should be the leitmotif of our south asia policies.
;;-0.1779;;when we were trying to pass a resolution,bjp parliamentary party leader sushmaswaraj swaraj said there was no necessity to discuss it and there is no need to conduct an all-party meet.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(file photo) external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.1779;;(file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj lashing out against amazon for selling indian national flag-emblazoned doormats on its canada website has triggered extreme reactions on social media.
;;-0.5267;;stark reactions were thrown at swaraj along with allegations that she overdid the threat and that too over social media.
;;-0.3182;;watch video | after sushmaswaraj swaraj, economic affairs secretary slams amazon for selling indian flag doormatsindian high commission in canada : this is unacceptable.
;;0.0516;;co/l4yi3glk3h  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) january 11, 2017amazon must tender unconditional apology.
;;0.4215;;the issue has already been raised at various levels, including by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, defence minister manohar parrikar and national security adviser ajit k doval.
;;0.4588;;and as it happens in all these visits, we discuss all issues of interest, pradeep kumar rawat, joint secretary (east asia) in the ministry of external affairs, told reporters.
;;-0.8126;;citing madhya pradeshs vyapam scam, chhattisgarhs pds scam and controversies linking rajasthan cm vasundhara raje and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with former ipl commissioner lalit modi, badal said the pm has not spoken on these issues.
;;0.5859;;in the four years since, there have been indian citizens who have needed rescuing from extremists, and external minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has led from the front in several successful operations.
;;0.3818;;however, the external affairs ministry made six statements, including by swaraj, in parliament, claiming that the government had confirmed that the hostages were alive.
;;-0.7523;;that swaraj did not want to cause undue anguish to the families of the victims is understandable.
;;0.0;;b'speaker sumitra mahajan with ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj, anupriya patel and mp poonamben maadam during womens day celebrations at jawaharlal nehru bhawan.
;;0.0;;(express photo: renuka puri) speaker sumitra mahajan with ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj, anupriya patel and mp poonamben maadam during womens day celebrations at jawaharlal nehru bhawan.
;;0.2732;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who wrapped up the discussion, said she has been a supporter of the bill from the beginning.
;;-0.9062;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tuesday said that terrorism is an enemy of the basic human rights and the fight against it should also identify states that encourage, support and finance the menace and provide sanctuary to terror groups.
;;-0.6808;;swaraj, during her address at the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) council of foreign ministers here, raised the issue of global terrorism and protectionism.
;;0.3818;;we believe that economic globalization should be more open, inclusive, equitable and balanced for mutual benefits, swaraj added.
;;0.0;;finally in november 2016, responding to a tweet by lakdawala, union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj helped facilitate the visa.
;;0.0;;minister of state for external affairs, v k singh, who accompanied the passengers, told reporters at the airport that 156 persons have been evacuated, of whom two are from nepal.
;;-0.296;;the evacuation exercise faced a hurdle when several indians, after registering with the external affairs ministry for leaving south sudan, refused to return, despite an appeal by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on twitter asking them to move out.
;;0.0;;referring to this, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said: i have spoken to the mother of kulbhushan jadhav and told her about the order of president, icj under article 74 paragraph 4 of the rules of court.
;;-0.5106;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 9, 2017india approaching the icj is a tactical shift since it refrained from doing so on the saurabh kalia case saying that the icj had no jurisdiction over disputes between india and pakistan.
;;-0.743;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj read out a statement on the terror attacks in peshawar and sydney.
;;0.4939;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had visited nepal before oli took office to congratulate him for the historic victory of the left alliance in nepals parliamentary and provincial elections.
;;0.8126;;china on wednesday said its relations with india have seen great strides and the upcoming visit of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will further enhance political trust between the two countries.
;;-0.1531;;swaraj will arrive here on april 21 for a four-day visit and hold talks with chinese foreign minister wang yi on april 22 to take forward attempts by both countries to reset ties strained by last years 73-day dokalam military standoff as well as a host of other issues.
;;-0.4019;;the visit of swaraj and sitharaman were taking place as india and china stepped up high level exchanges to defuse tensions following the dokalam standoff.
;;-0.3818;;(source: express file photo)expressing concern over the increase in attacks on hindus and other communities by fundamentalist forces in bangladesh, state congress president adhir chowdhury on saturday criticised the state government for being passive and said he had written a letter to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in this regard.
;;0.0;;i have written to external affairs minister (sushma swaraj) in this regard, chowdhury said.
;;0.0;;b'sushma swaraj (left) with chinas foreign minister wang yi.
;;0.0;;(source: meaindia/twitter) sushmaswaraj swaraj (left) with chinas foreign minister wang yi.
;;0.0516;;(source: meaindia/twitter)india and china today agreed to resume the kailash mansarovar yatra through the natha lu route in sikkim, ministry of external affairs today said, 10 months after the pilgrimage was stopped following the doklam standoff.
;;0.0;;the decision was made during external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj talks with her chinese counterpart wang yi here.
;;0.0;;ministry of external affairs organises the yatra from june to september each year through two different routes  lipulekh pass (uttarakhand) and nathu la pass (sikkim).
;;0.7964;;also read | sushmaswaraj swaraj in china: pm modis call to xi spurred positive momentum for dialogue, says wang yithe yatra, which holds religious value, cultural significance, is undertaken by hundreds of people every year.
;;-0.6808;;b'congress spokesperson abhishek singhvi said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj claiming that india will be able to convince china on the issue, underlines the failure since there is admission of failure on her part.
;;-0.6808;;congress spokesperson abhishek singhvi said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj claiming that india will be able to convince china on the issue, underlines the failure since there is admission of failure on her part.
;;-0.6808;;congress spokesperson abhishek singhvi said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj claiming that india will be able to convince china on the issue, underlines the failure since there is admission of failure on her part.
;;0.0;;finance minister arun jaitley also lauded external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs statement on the gaza situation made in rajya sabha on monday.
;;-0.7089;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who said she was deeply pained over the incident, asked the karnataka government to take stringent action against the guilty.
;;0.0;;erdogan also met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, vice president hamid ansari and was hosted by president pranab mukherjee for a banquet.
;;-0.4767;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted, i have asked for a report from government of uttar pradesh about the reported attack on african students in noida.
;;-0.2263;;b'mos external affairs general v.k. singh (file) mos external affairs general v.k. singh (file)the government is awaiting baghdads approval to bring back the body of 39 indians killed in iraq as the legal procedures of obtaining the mortal remains has been completed, minister of state for external affairs v k singh told ani.
;;-0.5165;;on march 20, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj informed the rajya sabha that 39 indian nationals, most of whom hailed from punjab were kidnapped and killed by islamic state (is) in iraqs mosul.
;;-0.743;;as libyas capital tripoli continues to be hit by violence, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday said that more than 500 indians are stuck there and suggested that they leave the city immediately.
;;-0.5574;;swaraj tweeted, even after massive evacuation from libya and the travel ban, there are over 500 indian nationals in tripoli.
;;-0.5994;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj addresses a press conference over the death of 39 indians who were kidnapped in iraq.
;;-0.5994;;(source: pti) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj addresses a press conference over the death of 39 indians who were kidnapped in iraq.
;;0.0;;the family of gobinder singh had earlier met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj several times.
;;-0.8225;;all the 39 indians abducted by the isis in mosul in iraq three years ago are dead and their bodies have been recovered, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told the rajya sabha today.
;;0.0;;the indian delegation to the 71st session of the unga will be led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and she is scheduled to deliver her address on september 26.
;;-0.6486;;officials also checked for a time in january this year, but both sides were having a tough time in finding a day when all the four leaders - external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, defence minister nirmala sitharaman from india and defense secretary jim mattis and the fired secretary of state rex tillerson, were available.
;;0.6249;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during a joint media briefing with mongolian foreign minister d tsogtbaatar after the 6th session of the indian-mongolia joint committee on cooperation here said the two countries agreed to explore ways to identify new areas of cooperation in all sectors of mutual interest and to enhance bilateral trade and investments.
;;0.2144;;swaraj will participate in a special event to commemorate the birth centenary of the venerable 19th kushok bakula rinpoche, who was not only an eminent buddhist leader, but also the longest serving ambassador of india to mongolia.
;;-0.1027;;congress leader digvijaya singh,who had described sushmaswaraj swaraj as a better pm candidate than narendra modi,on monday asked her to give him some lessons in history,saying he is lacking in ideas and steals congress slogans.
;;0.7003;;he also thanked swaraj for her barb that she also thinks that digvijaya singh is a better candidate than rahul gandhi.
;;0.4574;;thanks sushmaji for paying me a compliment on a day when i called modi a megalomaniac psychopath liar!
;;0.0757;;launching a strong attack against modi on sunday,singh had wondered why bjp cannot field a better leader like sushmaswaraj swaraj as its prime ministerial candidate.
;;0.4404;;swaraj,however,was quick to dismiss singhs comments with the retort,even i think digvijaya singhji is a better candidate than rahul gandhi.
;;0.0;;(file photo)prime minister narendra modi is scheduled to arrive in washington dc on june 25 and hold talks with president donald trump, the ministry of external affairs said on monday.
;;0.4588;;announcing the visit from june 25, the external affairs ministry today said the modi-trump discussions will provide a new direction for deeper bilateral engagement.
;;0.7003;;we signed the agreement because of our commitment to protecting the environment, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said at a press conference.
;;0.3612;;the decision for mandatory registration of marriages within seven days was taken yesterday after a group of ministers  gandhi, home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and law minister ravi shankar prasad, met to map out legal solutions for redressing the issues faced by women in nri marriages.
;;0.3182;;the ministry had earlier constituted an integrated nodal agency (ina) with representatives from the ministries of external affairs, home affairs and law and justice to look into matrimonial disputes involving non-resident indians (nri).
;;0.0;;b'union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;express photo by tashi tobgyal union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0516;;express photo by tashi tobgyalamid continued tensions with pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday profusely thanked the pakistani establishment and judiciary for facilitating indian citizen uzma ahmeds return.
;;0.7906;;swaraj had words of praise for uzmas counsel barrister shahnawaz and justice mohsin akhtar kiyani of the islamabad high court.
;;0.0;;as the visiting us secretary of state michael r pompeo meets prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister subrahmanyam jaishankar on wednesday, new delhi will stay firm on the s-400 deal with russia and seek waiver under the us law.
;;0.0;;this is a departure from the past, as then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj did not accompany the pm on his overseas visits.
;;0.5106;;external affairs minister s jaishankars first test will be to bring the indo-us ties back on track, and the fact that he will accompany the pm for the japan visit signals the trust he has earned.
;;0.0;;advertisingthis was conveyed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to visiting iranian foreign minister mohammad javad zarif at their meeting tuesday.
;;0.5719;;after the bilateral meeting with swaraj, zarif tweeted: just had excellent talks in turkmenistan and india.
;;0.9584;;sources said swaraj conveyed to zarif that india would like all parties to the agreement to continue to fulfil their commitments and all parties should engage constructively and resolve all issues peacefully and through dialogue.
;;0.25;;the official spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs, raveesh kumar, said swaraj held constructive discussions with zarif on all bilateral issues of mutual interests.
;;-0.6908;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday had warned that islamabad should reconsider its decision as extreme steps like this could prove fatal in hampering the bilateral ties between the two hostile neighbours.
;;0.4767;;from next month, people in select cities will be able to apply for passports in post offices under an ambitious initiative of the external affairs ministry.
;;0.0;;watch what else is making newsthe external affairs ministry, which issues passports, is making all required arrangements for roll-out of the scheme in some of the select cities in first half of march.
;;0.0;;2017, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted.
;;0.1779;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajthe two indian clerics of hazrat nizamuddin dargah, who went missing from karachi, are safe and will be back in delhi tomorrow, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj confirmed on sunday.
;;0.4019;;swaraj had earlier spoke to pakistan pms adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz regarding the issue and sought his help in tracing the two.
;;-0.8402;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by prem nath pandey) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by prem nath pandey)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her turkish counterpart mevlut cavusoglu will hold wide-ranging talks on a range of bilateral and regional issues which may include deliberations on situation in west asia and ways to counter threat of terrorism.
;;0.2732;;the entire gamut of bilateral relations as well as multilateral and regional issues are likely to be discussed during the talks, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said.
;;0.0;;he was in india on a transit halt last year and had met swaraj.
;;-0.2732;;from then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to senior advocate harish salve, joint secretary deepak mittal, deputy high commissioner to pakistan j p singh, additional secretary v d sharma and advocate chetna rai  the team behind indias efforts at the icj cut across age, gender and experience.
;;0.0258;;advertisingread | after masood azhar blacklisting, icj verdict in kulbhushan case isolates pakistanleading the way was swaraj, who was in touch with kulbhushan jadhavs family, bureaucrats, lawyers and the top indian leadership, including prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.0;;advertisingthen foreign secretary s jaishankar, who is now the external affairs minister and the current foreign secretary vijay gokhale maintained regular updates.
;;-0.7783;;(renuka puri)the bodies of 39 indians killed in iraq may be brought back in a week, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told families of the victims when they met her monday in delhi.
;;0.0;;besides swaraj, mos, external affairs, v k singh, and union minister and hoshiarpur mp vijay sampla were among those present in the meeting at jawahar lal nehru bhavan.
;;-0.8481;;gurpinder kaur, whose brother manjinder is among the dead, told the indian express, sushmaswaraj swaraj told us that mos v k singh visited iraq soon after the war ended last year.
;;0.3919;;mea officials, meanwhile, said external affairs ministry will only play a facilitators role in awarding compensation, but any such decision on central level will have to be taken by home ministry.
;;0.4767;;b'sushma swaraj pays respect to sushil koirala in kathmandu on tuesday.
;;0.4767;;(source: ap) sushmaswaraj swaraj pays respect to sushil koirala in kathmandu on tuesday.
;;0.4019;;indias minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj, who led a delegation of different parties went to the dasarath stadium, where his mortal remains were kept, and placed a wreath on his body.
;;0.0;;high-profile indian delegation in nepal led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(photo- pib/twitter) high-profile indian delegation in nepal led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.6908;;demarche made specific reference to let terrorist and pak national bahadur ali who was apprehended recently, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said.
;;0.6428;;not only did sharif praise wani and hailed him as a martyr but he also asserted kashmir will one day become pakistan, a comment which evoked a sharp reaction from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who said his dream of the state becoming a part of his country will not be realised even at the end of eternity.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(pti photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj friday responded to a visa request by an indian man living in dubai for his pakistani wife for treatment of their son in mumbai.
;;0.0;;swaraj tweeted today.
;;0.8074;;the external affairs minister also assured help when a man named namuduri venkata rao requested her to help him get a visa to visit ukraine to attend to his son who is admitted in a hospital in that country.
;;0.4019;;all are requested to keep calm and await further development and further inputs from the embassy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj retweeted indian embassy in south sudans statement.
;;0.5267;;swaraj retweeted the indian embassy in south sudans statement and said that concerned authorities have been intimated to extend help.
;;0.0;;b'indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(ap photo) indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.3919;;but we will spare no efforts to rescue father tom uzhunnalil, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted.
;;0.34;;even then,unlike in the past when chidambaram would brief the pm about developments on the internal security front which came up at the meeting,it is now menon who usually reports back to singh on home affairs,and not shinde.
;;-0.4215;;the ministry of external affairs has consequently declined to hold joint press conferences,to the dismay of many foreign heads including afghan president hamid karzai and british prime minister david cameron.
;;0.0;;when mamata visited parliaments central hall during the last session,both sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley had made it a point to go up to her and chat.
;;0.7096;;replying to the concerns expressed, minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj assured the house on behalf of the centre as well as the state government that there would be an impartial probe and action would be taken against those responsible.
;;-0.0258;;calling the attacks racial, deputy leader of the congress anand sharma said the government must set up a cell in the external affairs and home ministries to coordinate for safety and protection of all african students in india.
;;-0.1779;;state counsellor of myanmar aung san suu kyi meets prime minister narendra modi, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted along with photos of the two leaders shaking hands and holding talks.
;;0.34;;reuters/jonathan ernstthe assurance was given during the first high-level visit from india after the civilian government assumed office when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on president u htin kyaw and held extensive talks with suu kyi.
;;-0.5106;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file)the government is working on an emigration management bill to curb frauds by travel agents, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;0.0;;the external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, personally spoke to 23 counterparts among the members of the nsg.
;;0.0;;but as sushmaswaraj swaraj put it in her sunday press conference, there is a big difference between sitting outside a room seeking the indulgence of others and being inside and making the nuclear rules.
;;0.7096;;india and indonesia hold the first security dialogue, both agreed on operational cooperation in security and counter-terrorism fields, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
;;0.7351;;todays dialogue comes after indonesia and india agreed to strengthen strategic partnerships across various key areas, including defence, security, economy and maritime at the 5th indonesia-india joint commission meeting in jakarta during external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs visit last week.
;;0.0;;criticising his remarks, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted: shri naresh agarwal has joined bhartiya janata party.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj meets foreign minister of china mr. wang yi on april 22, 2018.
;;0.0;;(source: sushmaswaraj swaraj twitter) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj meets foreign minister of china mr. wang yi on april 22, 2018.
;;0.5994;;(source: sushmaswaraj swaraj twitter)the un security council is increasingly unable or sometimes unwilling to respond to the current security challenges with tragic consequences, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today as she pushed for the reform of the world bodys powerful organ.
;;-0.6808;;swaraj, during her address at the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) council of foreign ministers meeting here, raised the issue of global terrorism and protectionism.
;;-0.6597;;also read: terrorism an enemy of basic human rights: swaraj at sco foreign ministers meet in chinacontinuing to push for the reform and expansion of the unsc, she said: it is clear to many of us that the security council is increasingly unable, or sometimes unwilling, to respond to the security challenges of our times, with tragic consequences.
;;0.6908;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs goodwill visit earlier this month indicates its resolve to respect nepals mandate.
;;0.1511;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday said that china is not blocking indias entry to the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) but is talking about the criteria and procedures.
;;0.4215;;swaraj also asserted that india is not going to oppose entry of any nation to the nsg, adding that their application should be considered on merit basis.
;;0.4588;;swaraj also expressed hope that by the end of this year, india will become a member of the 48-nation club dedicated to curbing nuclear arms proliferation by controlling the export and re-transfer of materials that could foster nuclear weapons development.
;;0.0;;advertisingearlier, pakistan had allowed former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to fly directly through pakistani airspace to participate in the meeting of sco foreign ministers in bishkek on may 21.
;;0.0;;the move comes against the backdrop of the uk minister of asia and pacific affairs alok sharma indicating that kohinoor could probably never find its way to india.
;;0.0772;;also read: british took kohinoor by force, but so did the indians: william dalrymple explains complex history of diamondas political pressure mounts on government to bring back the diamond, which also is an emotive issue, culture minister mahesh sharma had a meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj recently where it was reportedly decided that india would approach britain next month on the issue of bringing it back.
;;0.0;;(picture for representation only)as french president emmanuel macron arrived friday on his four-day visit to india, the sikh community settled in france has once again raised the turban issue and written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to take notice of the situation in france.
;;0.0;;new delhi : prime minister narendra modi looks on as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj offers a glass of water to nepalese prime minister sher bahadur deuba as he coughed while speaking during a joint press conference, at hyderabad house in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.0;;pti photo by shirish shete (pti8_24_2017_00109b) new delhi : prime minister narendra modi looks on as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj offers a glass of water to nepalese prime minister sher bahadur deuba as he coughed while speaking during a joint press conference, at hyderabad house in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.4215;;we are satisfied with the efforts of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who at least made efforts to bring the remains back.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with sri lankan tna chief r sampanthan.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with sri lankan tna chief r sampanthan.
;;0.4019;;(source: twitter)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday met leaders of sri lankas main tamil party tna led by its chief r sampanthan, who briefed her about the efforts made by the government in moving forward the reconciliation process with the minority community.
;;0.0;;leader of the opposition, tnas r sampanthan calls on eam @sushmaswaraj, external affairs ministry spokesman vikas swarup tweeted.
;;0.0;;swaraj also met eastern province chief minister nazir ahmad and leaders of sri lankan muslim congress and discussed various issues.
;;0.0;;b'i will talk to prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the issue, vijayan said in the state assembly.
;;0.0;;(source: file) i will talk to prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the issue, vijayan said in the state assembly.
;;0.0;;i will talk to prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the issue, vijayan said in the state assembly.
;;-0.8555;;an indian medical student, who was in a coma at a trauma centre after being attacked by local goons in russian city of kazan, has died, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said wednesday.
;;-0.4215;;i am pained to inform that yasir  an indian medical student from srinagar has succumbed to his injuries in russia, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.1027;;on tuesday, swaraj had directed indian ambassador in russia pankaj saran to extend all possible help to yasir after receiving an sos through a tweet that the student was in a hospital in coma after being attacked by local goons, who also took away his money and documents.
;;-0.3818;;39 pm: congress today re-admitted into the party senior leader rajkumar patel, who was expelled in 2009 after his nomination form against senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj from vidisha lok sabha constituency was rejected.
;;-0.5859;;meanwhile, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said that jadhav is the victim of a plan that seeks to cast aspersions on new delhi to deflect international attention from islamabads well-known record of sponsoring and supporting terrorism.
;;0.0;;the external affairs minister further said foreign secretary s. jaishankar conveyed indias position to pakistans high commissioner abdul basit yesterday.
;;0.4404;;replying to his contentions, kumar said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj takes up cases involving indians with authorities of foreign governments and that safety of overseas indians was a matter of priority for the government.
;;-0.128;;the demand from cricket fans received a response from union minister of external affairs, sushmaswaraj swaraj, who replied in her usual witty manner in a tweet, which has now been deleted, i have seen all the tweets.
;;0.0258;;citizenship matters are dealt with by ministry of home affairs.
;;0.5106;;read | fans ask for indian citizenship for rashid khan, sushmaswaraj swaraj gives a witty responsenow, the afghanistan president ashraf ghani has also joined in the discussion regarding the talented young cricketer.
;;-0.9485;;(express photo)on tuesday, minutes after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj declared in the rajya sabha that the 39 indians who had gone missing in iraq in june 2014 were dead, gurpinder kaurs question summed up the shock, anger and sense of betrayal among the families of those men: why did she not tell us first, why did we have to learn about this from tv?
;;0.802;;several times, under her unofficial leadership, the families had gone to meet swaraj, to be assured each time that intelligence agencies of other countries had informed that the men were alive.
;;-0.5994;;(express photo by tashi tobgyal) mea sushmaswaraj swaraj addressing the press over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
;;0.4767;;singh said that he had also written to swaraj, asking the centre to announce ex-gratia relief to the families.
;;0.0;;union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;express photo by tashi tobgyal new delhi 240816 union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.6783;;making a statement in both houses of parliament tuesday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who described jadhav as a son of india, said his execution will be taken by india as pre-meditated murder and pakistan should consider the consequences for our bilateral relationship if they proceed on this matter.
;;0.2732;;a fortnight after the pakistan army accepted that indian citizen hamid nehal ansari was in their custody and is an undertrial, his mother fauzia met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, requesting the minister to take up the case with her counterparts in pakistan on humanitarian grounds.
;;0.3612;;swaraj, who was in mumbai on friday, met hamids parents and assured to relook into the case, the family claimed.
;;0.4019;;during the visit, she will meet president mukherjee, prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and other leaders from the ruling and opposition parties, said madan kumar bhattarai, foreign relations adviser to bhandari.
;;0.0;;next, he is on his way to china, where he will accompany external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, to lay the ground for prime minister narendra modis visit later this year.
;;-0.25;;the statements emanating regarding talks in the course of last few days from different people at the helm of affairs in new delhi are unclear and ambiguous.
;;-0.0274;;(file)while bjp chief amit shah said the ceasefire in j&k during ramzan was meant solely for kashmiri citizens and not the terrorists, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said terror and talks could never go together, ruling out any negotiations with pakistan.
;;-0.5267;;read | people dying on border, terror and talks cant go together: sushmaswaraj swaraj on dialogue with pakistanwhat is this talks about to which singh is referring?
;;0.0;;we will request state governments to depute commissioners of police in all such meetings, tweeted external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.296;;i have already asked lt governor of delhi to take steps and ensure that this case is tried by a fast track court, she tweeted,read: congo man beaten to death: he came to delhi looking for a better lifeminister of state, external affairs, v k singh, met the african envoys based in delhi on wednesday afternoon.
;;0.8442;;sherins death attracted the attention of the indian government and then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took a keen interest in the case and also instructed the indian mission in houston to make sure that the indian toddler received justice.
;;0.4201;;on womens bill, external affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said she had been its votary and even today she fully supports the pending legislation.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at a meeting with ?
;;0.0;;pti photo by subhav shukla external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at a meeting with ?
;;0.7351;;pti photo by subhav shuklarussian deputy prime minister yuri trutnev friday held discussions with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on ways to boost economic cooperation including in the energy and diamond processing sectors.
;;0.83;;they agreed that the privileged strategic partnership between india and russia is based on long-standing and time-tested ties, is very deep and extends to all spheres of mutual interest, an external affairs ministry release said.
;;0.5106;;swaraj specifically stressed the growing mutual beneficial ties between india and russia in the energy sector, particularly in the russian far east, it said.
;;0.6369;;swaraj also thanked trutnev for inviting india for participation in the third eastern economic forum to be held in vladivostok in september this year.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj outside parliament in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by anil sharma) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj outside parliament in new delhi.
;;-0.8402;;(source: express photo by anil sharma)defending herself against a raft of criticism, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday accused the congress of indulging in cheap politics even as she said the government did not keep anyone in the dark over the death of 39 indians in iraqs mosul.
;;0.0;;the rajya sabha was adjourned for the day within about 30 minutes since it assembled after swaraj made a suo motu statement on the issue.
;;0.0;;what did sushmaswaraj swaraj say in rajya sabha today?
;;-0.8225;;all the 39 indians abducted by the islamic state in mosul in iraq three years ago are dead and their bodies have been recovered, said swaraj in the rajya sabha.
;;-0.128;;the lok sabha proceedings were paralysed by ruckus created by parties from andhra pradesh and tamil nadu for the 12th straight day, even as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj informed both the houses of the death of 39 missing indians in iraq.
;;-0.5423;;in the lok sabha, swaraj was unable to make an elaborate statement on the 39 indians killed in iraq, due to ruckus created by opposition members.
;;0.0;;external minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with mos v k singh.
;;0.0;;express photo by prem nath pandey external minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with mos v k singh.
;;-0.0772;;express photo by prem nath pandeyspeaker sumitra mahajan urged the members to maintain order as swaraj wanted to inform the house about a serious issue.
;;0.0;;subsequently, left and congress members raised slogans, nearly drowning the voice of the external affairs minister.
;;0.0572;;it has never been such a sorry state (of affairs).
;;-0.128;;swaraj blamed the congress for disrupting her statement in ls, dismisses it as cheap politicswhile noting that everyone listened to her statement patiently in the rajya sabha, she hoped it would be the same in the lok sabha.
;;-0.4215;;will we indulge in politics over death as well, swaraj added.
;;-0.3182;;on questions raised by some kin of victims as to why they werent informed about the deaths before parliament session, swaraj explained its parliamentary procedure to first inform the house.
;;-0.6597;;harjit masih, the lone survivor, said the government knew about the deaths but withheld news from public, swaraj rubbishes his claimharjit masih, the lone survivor who had managed to flee the isis following his abduction along with 39 other indians in iraq in 2014, today asked the government to withdraw a case of human trafficking registered against him by the punjab police.
;;-0.6705;;after sushmaswaraj swaraj revealed the news to the house and the media later, 29-year-old masih said he had been maintaining for the last three years that all the other indians had been killed.
;;-0.4215;;swaraj rubbished his version saying, his was a cock-and-bull story, adding he had managed to flee the isis by faking his identity as a muslim from bangladesh.
;;0.3182;;we have to be responsible, swaraj remarked in the press conference held in new delhi.
;;-0.3818;;swaraj holds a press conference, says didnt keep anyone in the darkaccusing the congress of indulging in cheap politics, swaraj said she did not keep anyone in the dark over the killing of 39 indians in captivity in iraq or give the families false hopes.
;;-0.5994;;(express photo by tashi tobgyal) mea sushmaswaraj swaraj addressing the press over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
;;0.4939;;i will get my closure when i would hand over the mortal remains to their families & they receive proper last rites, added swaraj.
;;-0.9169;;congress accused the government of being insensitive towards victims familiesthe congress charged sushmaswaraj swaraj of playing politics on the matter and accused the nda government of being insensitive towards the families of 39 indians killed in iraq.
;;-0.4939;;pm narendra modi rallies behind swaraj after barrage of criticism hurled at herprime minister prime minister narendra modiprime minister narendra modi on tuesday rallied behind her and said the ministry of external affairs and colleagues sushmaswaraj swaraj and v k singh left no stone unturned in trying to trace and safely bring back those we lost in mosul.
;;0.0;;external minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;express photo by prem nath pandey external minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.6705;;express photo by prem nath pandeyexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday asked the indian embassy in kenya to send the details about reports of an indian boy being killed in nairobi.
;;0.3182;;suchitra  please send me a report on this @indiainkenya, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.3612;;the external affairs ministers intervention came after a tweet by one shweta kapur: @sushmaswaraj an indian citizen has passed away of natural causes while on a tour in south africa (sic).
;;-0.34;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met singh at the latters residence tuesday evening, amid uncertainty over whether the foreign secretary-level talks between india and pakistan, scheduled for january 15 in islamabad, will go ahead as planned.
;;0.4215;;b'indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj speaks during the 70th session of the united nations general assembly.
;;0.4215;;(ap photo/seth wenig) indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj speaks during the 70th session of the united nations general assembly.
;;0.7269;;the successful barak-8 test constitutes a ringing endorsement of that prognoses and also a fitting precursor to the just-concluded visit of indias external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to israel.
;;0.7906;;indeed, the appointment of the unabashedly pro-israel swaraj as foreign minister, who, when in opposition, served as chairperson of the indo-israel parliamentary friendship group (2006-09) and reportedly sees former israeli premier golda meir as a role model, certainly seems to symbolise the desire for enhanced ties between the two countries.
;;0.2686;;on thursday, the protesters demanded that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visit them and assure that they would not be attacked by sri lankan naval men while fishing in their traditional areas in the palk strait.
;;0.0258;;local fishermen association leaders said they would boycott fishing till swaraj visited rameswaram and extended the assurance.
;;0.7003;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has now said that the government will secure justice for jadhav.
;;0.0;;also read: emmanuel macron arrives; india, france work on renewing rafale clauseat 10 am, the french prime minister met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at alliance francaise.
;;0.0;;soon after,senior leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj,arun jaitley,ananth kumar and ravi shankar prasad went to meet advani to inform him about the parliamentary boards decision.
;;0.0;;the resolution was read out by rajnath singh in presence of swaraj,jaitley,kumar and prasad.
;;-0.4588;;earlier today, speaking in the rajya sabha, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said it would severely impact the bilateral relations between the two countries in case pakistan executes jadhav.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had inaugurated the four-day conference on friday.
;;0.0;;external minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;express file photo by prem nath pandey external minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.4588;;express file photo by prem nath pandeyexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has asked the indian embassy in the us for a report on the alleged beating of a sikh boy in the washington state.
;;-0.4588;;also read | sushmaswaraj swaraj meets xi, stresses need to learn each others languagesushma swaraj with chinese foreign minister wang yi at the diaoyutai state guest house in beijing, sunday.
;;0.0;;(reuters) sushmaswaraj swaraj with chinese foreign minister wang yi at the diaoyutai state guest house in beijing, sunday.
;;0.0;;the final announcement was made after the meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chinese state councillor and foreign minister wang yi on april 22.
;;0.2023;;on tuesday, a day after announcing the informal india-china summit, swaraj met the top chinese leadership including president xi and vice president wang qishan in beijing.
;;0.0;;(express photo by amit mehra)as french president emmanuel macron started his four-day visit to india on march 9, the sikh community settled in france has once again raised the turban issue and written to the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to take notice of the situation of sikhs in the country.
;;-0.0258;;accusing the prime minister of having no faith in his cabinet colleagues, he added that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, union home minister rajnath singh and other union ministers were sidelined at first and now it was the finance ministers turn.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and jaishankar joined the meeting, where they discussed the options ahead.
;;0.6896;;that meeting was held without any pressure or external influences of public opinion, and is considered to be a successful model for future interaction, said these sources.
;;-0.4404;;should the prime minister not take note of it when his partys cabinet ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj and smriti irani have condemned the comments?
;;-0.1531;;swaraj, the external affairs minister, had said monday that while agrawal was welcomed in the bjp, his comments were improper and unacceptable.
;;0.4939;;shah, who issued a brief statement, praised external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, her team and senior lawyer harish salve who was indias attorney at the hague.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visited japan in march.
;;0.5859;;issues related to corruption, bureaucratic hassles surrounding setting up of a business enterprise, renewable energy, smart cities are some of the questions that the nris are having (before the pbd), said charu mathur, chief executive officer, overseas indian facilitation centre (oifc), an initiative of union ministry of overseas indian affairs (moia) and cii.
;;0.5267;;union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and gujarat chief minister anandiben patel will together throw open both the pbd and vibrant exhibition on tuesday evening.
;;0.0;;the agency reported that it was olushola enikanolaiye, permanent secretary in the ministry of foreign affairs of nigeria, spoke to amb.
;;0.0;;in parliament, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said an investigation was underway and it would be inappropriate to comment before a report is submitted.
;;0.0;;minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by praveen khanna, file) minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.5574;;(source: express photo by praveen khanna, file)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday confirmed that the 55-year-old indian woman who was allegedly sold and tortured in saudi arabia will return to the country tomorrow.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.3182;;(source: pti photo)the ministry of external affairs has received over 4,000 applications for the annual kailash mansarovar yatra this year, witnessing an increase of around 1800 as against 2016.
;;0.34;;the data was shared by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj here today as she started the process for the selection of pilgrims for the kailash mansarovar yatra 2017 through computerised draw of lots.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said in may that indian government would make all efforts to persuade the trump administration against this move.
;;0.8591;;pm modi and i agree greater connectivity is important for the region, says pm hasina1:38 pm: regional cooperation is very, very important for development in south asia, says pm hasina1:40 pm: pm hasina thanked foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for selecting the road in new delhi that was renamed after sheikh mujibur rahman.
;;0.0;;b'us secretary of state john kerry and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) us secretary of state john kerry and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
;;-0.9169;;terrorism, more specifically that emanating from pakistan, figured prominently in marathon talks between kerry and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who briefed him extensively on the continuing problem of cross-border terrorism that india and the larger region face from pakistan.
;;-0.9153;;responding to the statement, the ministry of external affairs said: it is unfortunate that a criminal act triggered following the untimely death of a young indian student under suspicious circumstances has been termed as xenophobic and racial.
;;0.296;;the significance attached to addressing the matter is reflected in the detailed statement by the external affairs minister (eam) and the discussion in parliament, it said.
;;0.7783;;ministry of external affairs has further sensitised local authorities towards ensuring safety and security of africans in general and african students in particular, the mea said, adding that strong indian institutions are adequate to deal with aberrations that represent act of a few criminals.
;;0.0;;on march 28, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was approached by an african student, sadiq bello, via twitter.
;;0.0258;;bello asked for quick intervention from swaraj and she responded by saying that the government was seized of the matter and was taking immediate action.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs husband swaraj kaushal monday confirmed that he has been lalit modis lawyer for the past 22 years.
;;0.5423;;56 crore and a guest list of top politicians sushmaswaraj row: a year on, narendra modi govt faces first big blemish on its imagesushma row: a year on, narendra modi govt faces first big blemish on its image government defends sushmas help to lalit modi on the run in londonkaushal, 62, stayed in a deluxe sea view room and the bill of his stay was marked to the ipl account instead of modis office.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj was on her way to south africa before she made a brief stopover at mauritius to take stock of preparations for the upcoming world hindi conference in port louis.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj was on her way to south africa before she made a brief stopover at mauritius to take stock of preparations for the upcoming world hindi conference in port louis.
;;0.0772;;an indian air force flight carrying external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj from thiruvananthapuram to mauritius went incommunicado for around 14 minutes after leaving the indian airspace, the airports authority of india (aai) confirmed on sunday.
;;0.3182;;another matter that sharmas bid to join the bjp-hjc alliance were foiled by bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;suu kyi met with president pranab mukherjee and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday.
;;0.0772;;he also lauded external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for the strategy adopted at the icj and made special mention of harish salve, who argued the matter at the hague.
;;0.0;;asghanistan foreign minister rabbani also had a telephone conversation with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj over the issue.
;;0.0;;(file photo) asghanistan foreign minister rabbani also had a telephone conversation with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj over the issue.
;;0.0;;rabbani also had a telephone conversation with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj over the issue.
;;-0.6249;;the air ambulance of medanta hospital with five member crew caught fire and crash landed near bangkok, minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted on monday evening.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has also expressed her concerns towards the incident.
;;-0.3182;;/2  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 6, 2017our mission has just informed me that we have lost pilot of the air ambulance arunaksha nandy.
;;0.4019;;/4  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 6, 2017our mission is extending them all help and assistance.
;;0.3612;;i thought mr advani has retired some time back and left space for younger people like sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley who are now occupying two positions of leaders of houses, she told reporters here on the sidelines of a function here.
;;0.5106;;as they arrived here, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the government was also doing its best to secure the release of two indians abducted in nigeria recently.
;;-0.8519;;banerjee, who had earlier met swaraj with the victims families to seek help, claimed that the indians there were booked on fake charges after they reportedly failed to pay a bribe.
;;-0.4939;;i met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with his family and the families of some of the others jailed in nigeria.
;;0.0;;spokesperson in the ministry of external affairs vikas swarup.
;;0.0;;(express photo) spokesperson in the ministry of external affairs vikas swarup.
;;0.7579;;(express photo)after the indian flag incident, e-commerce retailer amazon has been conveyed that while providing a platform for third party vendors, they should respect indian sensitivities and sentiments, the external affairs ministry said on thursday.
;;-0.4767;;last week, after she received a complaint about amazon canada selling doormats depicting indian flag on its site, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj reacted sharply and asked the e-retailer to withdraw the products and tender an unconditional apology, failing which no official of amazon will be granted indian visa and the ones issued earlier will also be rescinded.
;;-0.8126;;following the stern message, amazon expressed regret for offending indian sentiments and informed swaraj about removal of the offensive product from its canadian website.
;;-0.4404;;in june 2016, a twitter user tweeted to then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj that he had been sold a defective refrigerator that went kaput.
;;-0.296;;advertisingthat was swaraj, who had by then earned a formidable reputation in helping overseas indians in distress; the external affairs minister who brought a humane touch to the otherwise distant and officious ministry of external affairs (mea).
;;0.5859;;follow live updateswithin months of taking charge, swaraj made sure that the ministry was a responsive government institution.
;;0.1027;;advertisingread | indias supermom who blazed a trail in twitter diplomacyduring her five years as external affairs minister, swaraj made sure that she left a legacy of being a responsive minister - she once responded to distress tweets at 3 am, which became a benchmark of sorts for indian embassies worldwide.
;;0.0;;handpicked by prime minister narendra modi to lead the mea, swaraj could have fretted and sulked since modi made foreign policy his priority in his first term.
;;-0.5927;;but undeterred, swaraj made a mark by using social media, and made south block accessible.
;;0.6249;;read | stateswoman extraordinaire, diplomat par excellence: tributes pour in for sushmaswaraj swarajfrom rescuing hearing and speech- impaired geeta from pakistan to organising mass evacuation from iraq, yemen, nepal, among other conflict-hit areas, and from pushing the kulbhushan jadhav case to getting indian national hamid ansari back, swaraj endeared herself to ordinary indians.
;;0.3612;;read | gone too soon, a lady who was peoples person: sports fraternity pay tribute to sushmaswaraj swarajgifted with oratory skills, both in chaste hindi and english, she made life easy for indian diplomats prepping for visits.
;;0.4263;;while she kept a distance from the media during her stint as the external affairs minister, swaraj hosted an annual winter lunch, with indian cuisine and cultural performance on the lawns of jawaharlal nehru bhavan, and during which she easily mingled with journalists, appreciating work of even those not very charitable to her.
;;0.5574;;he told venugopal that his concerns will be conveyed to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj so that appropriate action is taken to protect interests of the tamils in sri lanka.
;;0.0;;bjd member bhartruhari mahtab asked what steps have been taken for the welfare of tamil population in sri lanka after the visit of swaraj there last year as the issue was taken up by her with sri lankan leadership.
;;0.4019;;external affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj sought help from uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav for a russian women who tweeted to swaraj.
;;0.4019;;(source: file photo) external affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj sought help from uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav for a russian women who tweeted to swaraj.
;;-0.3612;;(source: file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj sought the help of uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav in a case involving a russian woman, who alleged abuse by her in-laws in agra.
;;0.5423;;after seeing the message, swaraj tweeted requesting akhilesh to help the woman following which the uttar pradesh chief minister informed the union minister that the matter was resolved.
;;0.0;;swaraj later tweeted thanking akhilesh.
;;0.0;;external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(file photo) external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.6908;;(file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday said the attack on the four african men in greater noida last month should not be linked with racism before investigating the case.
;;0.6908;;swaraj had earlier assured the safety of foreign students after a student reached out to her on twitter.
;;-0.1531;;saying that she had spoken to uttar pradesh cm yogi adityanath, swaraj tweeted, i have spoken to yogi adityanath ji chief minister of uttar pradesh about attack on african students in greater noida.
;;0.5423;;read | sushmaswaraj swaraj apologises to manipuri girl after racial slurexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had even tweeted apologies to khangembam assuring her that she would take up the matter with home minister rajnath singh since immigration does not come under her ministry.
;;0.0;;bexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(express photo by amit mehra) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.6808;;(express photo by amit mehra)amid reports that an indian priest was crucified by the islamic state in yemen on good friday, the catholic bishops conference of india (cbci) has decided to meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to seek clarity on the issue.
;;0.0;;the external affairs ministry has not confirmed reports of the execution so far.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee have also separately left for rome with their delegations.
;;-0.1027;;watch video: apollo hospital says jayalalithaa on necessary respiratory supportpost-uri attack, sudden silenceforeign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is a regular on twitter, sometimes sending out as many as 20 tweets a day, responding to various requests for help from nris.
;;-0.631;;but since september 18, the day of the uri attack, swaraj has tweeted sparingly.
;;-0.8316;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had informed the parliament on march 20 that all the 39 indians, who were abducted by isis in iraq nearly three years ago, were killed and their bodies had been recovered.
;;0.0;;external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(file photo) external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.8625;;in a written reply to lok sabha, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the talks envisaged between indo-pak foreign secretaries to decide the modalities of the composite bilateral dialogue, agreed during her visit to islamabad in december 2015, could not take place due to the terrorist attack on pathankot airbase in january 2016 and other attacks last year emanating from pakistan.
;;0.5413;;indias new and more robust position was conveyed to myanmars top leadership by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (left).
;;0.5413;;(ap) indias new and more robust position was conveyed to myanmars top leadership by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (left).
;;0.5413;;indias new and more robust position was conveyed to myanmars top leadership by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during her two-day visit to myanmar that concluded on friday.
;;0.5859;;during her visit, swaraj met myanmars president u win myint and state counsellor and foreign minister aung san suu kyi.
;;0.7003;;also read: rohingya camps: sc appoints nodal officers to deal with grievancesin an official statement on swarajs visit, the ministry of external affairs said, the external affairs minister also reiterated indias readiness and commitment to helping the government of myanmar (gom) in addressing issues related to rakhine state.
;;0.0;;subsequently, swaraj discussed the issue with hasina on their flight to new york, and again on the sidelines of the unga meeting.
;;0.0;;80-year-old syed asif nizami, sajjadanashin of the holy shrine, and another senior sufi cleric nazim ali nizami landed at new delhi by a pakistan international airlines flight and later called on external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who had taken up their case with islamabad.
;;0.926;;after meeting swaraj, nazim ali nizami thanked the indian government, particularly the external affairs minister, for their safe return and said they had gone to the neighbouring country with a message of peace and love.
;;-0.296;;swaraj had taken up the issue with pakistan prime ministers adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz and requested him to trace the missing clerics.
;;0.3612;;we thank union home minister rajnath singh and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and well-wishers from all religions who prayed for our return, nazim said.
;;0.4215;;commerce minister nirmala sitharaman said that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had earlier spoken on the issue and the matter is being definitely being taken up.
;;0.0;;deputy chairman p j kurien asked minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi to convey the members concerns to the external affairs minister.
;;0.0;;indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj lead a 12-member delegation to attend the function.
;;0.1779;;b'all stakeholders in the meeting reportedly agreed with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on finding a permanent solution to the problem.
;;0.1779;;(source: pti) all stakeholders in the meeting reportedly agreed with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on finding a permanent solution to the problem.
;;0.3182;;(source: pti)in an effort to find a permanent solution to the vexed fishermen issue with sri lanka, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today held a high-level meeting with various stakeholders and deliberated on its different aspects.
;;0.1027;;it was also attended by officials of prime ministers office, coast guard, ministries of agriculture, home, defence, external affairs and the indian navy.
;;0.3182;;external affairs minister chaired a meeting of internal stakeholders earlier today afternoon to discuss the way forward towards a permanent solution to the fishermen issue between india and sri lanka, mea spokesperson vikas swarup said.
;;0.6705;;he said all stakeholders agreed with swaraj that it was important to resolve the issues quickly.
;;0.0;;(source: facebook)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj condoled the deaths of the four members of an indian family whose bodies were recovered from the rain-swollen eel river after their car plunged into it.
;;0.6908;;swaraj, who had earlier assured help by the indian consulate in finding the family, on tuesday in a tweet said, my heartfelt condolences on the tragic deaths of sandeep thotapilly, soumya and their two children.
;;0.25;;co/lio7v8qgi4  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) april 17, 2018sandeep, originally from surat, was traveling from portland with his family and was supposed to make a stop at san jose to meet a friend, before heading to his home in los angels.
;;0.0;;the jaipur police registered a case under sections 66d and 67 of the it act, after an intervention on twitter by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.8442;;soon after, she started receiving abuse and threats of sexual assault, following which she tweeted for help to union home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje.
;;0.9073;;i am extremely happy to welcome the announcement of order of zayed for a great son of india prime minister narendra modi by his highness mohamed bin zayed, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted.
;;0.8518;;ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said india greatly appreciated this honour bestowed on modi.
;;0.0;;60-year-old thomas,a 1973-batch ias officer of the kerala cadre,was appointed chief secretary of the state in 2007 before moving to the centre in 2009 as secretary,parliamentary affairs,telecom secretary and finally central vigilance commissioner.
;;0.0;;the government had appointed thomas as cvc despite dissension by leader of opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj,who was one of the three-members in the selection committee comprising prime minister manmohan singh and home minister p chidambaram.
;;-0.1531;;but words such as enemy and foreign spy agency by the foreign office are often used to suggest the involvement of india and its external intelligence agency, the research and analysis wing (r&aw).
;;0.6249;;the sentencing has evoked strong reactions from india, with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj saying the country will go out of its way to secure jadhavs release.
;;0.5106;;kudos for q&awhen external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj went to israel last month, she met israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu.
;;0.5574;;and as swaraj was introducing all the officials in her delegation, the meas official spokesperson vikas swarup got praise from the israeli pm.
;;-0.6705;;senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj,who also met advani,said the question of advanis resignation does not arise once it has been rejected by the partys highest decision-making body.
;;0.6908;;(representational image)expressing confidence that india would become a permanent member of the un security council, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday said the country expected that the new members would have the same rights, including the veto power, as the existing permanent members.
;;0.0;;the fifth member, china, has also not publicly opposed it, the external affairs minister said.
;;-0.7096;;agrawal drew sharp criticism from the bjp, including external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who said his remarks were improper and unacceptable.
;;0.4019;;read | rajya sabha polls: naresh agarwal joining bjp spoils sp, bsps numbers game; heres howwhile the bjp distanced itself from his remarks, swaraj took to twitter: shri naresh agrawal has joined bhartiya janata party.
;;-0.6486;;while praising leader of opposition in the lok sabha sushmaswaraj swaraj for her reply,modi said that the prime ministers speech had no road map for development and his reply in rajya sabha showed that his attacking posture has died within just twenty-four hours.
;;0.7469;;but he was not aware that bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj will give such a beautiful reply to him by using the language of poetry, modi said.
;;0.0;;tandon said that he had talked to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj regarding the issue, and had made requests for the government to speed up the process of bringing singh back to his home country, along with other indians.
;;0.0258;;earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that she has taken up the matter with islamabad.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj replied, this is just not correct.
;;0.0;;(file photo) sushmaswaraj swaraj replied, this is just not correct.
;;-0.7783;;(file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday said that india is constantly monitoring the situation in qatar which is facing crisis after isolation by four gulf countries.
;;0.0772;;plz hlp to bring dem back, to which swaraj replied, this is just not correct.
;;0.4019;;sushma swaraj welcomes federica mogherini as m j akbar looks on in new delhi on friday.
;;0.4019;;ap photo sushmaswaraj swaraj welcomes federica mogherini as m j akbar looks on in new delhi on friday.
;;0.4588;;eu foreign policy chief federica mogherini had separate meetings with prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during which key issues of common interest were discussed with a focus on further ramping up overall ties.
;;-0.9136;;in her meeting with mogherini, swaraj condemned the terror attack in paris on thursday and emphasised that india and the eu should strengthen their cooperation to fight terrorism in all forms and demonstrate resolve to show zero-tolerance for such acts.
;;0.4939;;mogherini, who arrived here on a two-day visit, held delegation-level talks with minister of state for external affairs m j akbar during which the eu side is understood to have pushed for early resumption of talks for the long-pending india-eu broad based trade and investment agreement.
;;0.0;;in a statement, the external affairs ministry said both sides discussed ways to take forward talks on the trade pact.
;;0.4019;;he has also met pakistan prime minister nawaz sharifs foreign affairs advisor sartaj aziz and special assistant on foreign affairs tareq fatmi.
;;0.0;;the foreign secretaries will be in nepal for the saarc standing committee meeting on march 14 and 15, while external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her counterpart sartaj aziz will be there on march 17 for the saarc ministerial meeting.
;;0.0516;;(express photo/tashi tobgyal/file)kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan today urged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to immediately resolve the issue of maldives not renewing work permits of indian nationals and denying them visa.
;;-0.1779;;in a letter to swaraj, a copy of which was released to the media here, he noted that more than 30,000 indians, majority of them from kerala, were working in the education, health and tourism sectors in maldives, adding the restrictions has caused anxiety.
;;-0.5994;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj expressed condolence over her death today.
;;-0.9496;;extremely pained to share that the terrorists have killed tarushi, an indian girl who was taken hostage in the terror attack in dhaka, said swaraj.
;;-0.34;;the chief minister told prime minister narendra modi that the arrest came days after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had met tamil nadu ministers and the fishermen representatives separately this month.
;;0.3818;;it is unfortunate that these incidents have taken place at a time when our fishermen are hopeful that a pragmatic and permanent solution to this issue would emerge as was discussed at the meeting with swaraj, he told modi in a letter.
;;0.1779;;the spirit of magnanimity displayed by the pm in that moment has been belied now by the ministry of external affairs (mea) when it chose to advise a delhi-based ngo to send back students and teachers from the lahore grammar school, on a goodwill visit to interact with their indian counterparts.
;;-0.4201;;the meas advisory is even more difficult to understand given the precedent set by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, pakistan does not acknowledge the presence of any indian pow in its custody.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, pakistan does not acknowledge the presence of any indian pow in its custody.
;;0.0258;;in a written reply to a question in the rajya sabha yesterday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the government has repeatedly taken up the matter with the pakistan government through diplomatic channels and during high-level contacts for the release of indian pows believed to be in pakistan.
;;0.1779;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tuesday stepped in to help captain tushar mahajans elder brother, nikhil mahajan, 29, whose return to india from the us has been stuck due to some paperwork.
;;0.7351;;nikhil mahajans hopes of returning to be with his family in its hour of grief brightened after his family and friends reached out to swaraj on twitter.
;;0.0;;swaraj was quick to direct the indian embassy in washington dc to get in touch with nikhil, who has just started working after completing post-graduation in electrical engineering.
;;0.2023;;in new delhi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the matter can be resolved through talks.
;;0.0;;indias ministry of external affairs, however, said that the two leaders met and discussed a range of issues.
;;0.4939;;shah will visit kerala, the andaman and nicobar islands, chhattisgarh and arunachal pradesh, while top union ministers rajnath singh, sushmaswaraj swaraj, arun jaitley, venkaiah naidu and nitin gadkari will attend events in mumbai and jaipur, delhi and lucknow, bengaluru and ahmedabad, bhubaneswar and chhattisgarh, and chennai and ranchi respectively.
;;0.34;;the chief minister sought modis direction to external affairs ministry officials for concrete action through diplomatic channels to secure the immediate release of the 10 fishermen and 129 boats.
;;-0.7003;;meanwhile, a delegation of tamil nadu fishermen demanded that india initiated legal proceedings against sri lanka in connection with the killing of one of their colleagues, bridgo, on march 6, during a meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.5719;;(source: ani photo)four-month-old pakistani child rohaan, who is in need of urgent medical attention for a heart ailment, arrived with his parents in india for treatment on tuesday  all thanks to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs intervention.
;;0.7184;;expressing gratitude to swaraj, ani quoted saadik as saying: i appreciate eam sushmaswaraj swaraj, she helped me a lot.
;;-0.6946;;saadik had recently taken to twitter to inform swaraj about his childs critical condition and that he was not being granted a medical visa owing to the strained relationships between india and pakistan.
;;0.4019;;5-month-old pakistani infant rohaan, who arrived in india of treatment says appreciate eam sushmaswaraj swaraj, she helped me a lot.
;;0.7269;;twitter.com/gsen6urmxi  ani (@ani_news) june 13, 2017saadik received a positive response from swaraj who said the political issues between the two nations will not stand in the way of the childs treatment and assured him of the medical visa.
;;-0.296;;to which the external affairs minister had replied, no.
;;0.4215;;brajnandan yadav, who had come to listen to bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj at benipatti, says: it is true that some young voters are in two minds.
;;0.6369;;taking strong objection to amazon canada selling doormats depicting the indian flag, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday asked the online retailer to withdraw the products and tender an unconditional apology.
;;0.6369;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said friday that the country saw an unprecedented development under prime minister narendra modis government and its respect has increased globally.
;;0.5719;;advertisingaddressing a vijay sankalp dialogue here, swaraj referred to the honour india received at the organisation of islamic cooperation (oic) meet after modi took charge.
;;-0.3612;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj sunday sought help from chief minister akhilesh yadav in a case involving a russian woman, who alleged abuse by her in-laws in agra.
;;0.4019;;after seeing the message, swaraj tweeted requesting akhilesh to help the woman.
;;0.6249;;later, thanking akhilesh, swaraj tweeted: thank you akhilesh ji for resolving this.
;;-0.5423;;watch video: russian daughter-in-law from agra thanks sushmaswaraj swaraj for taking prompt actionearlier in the day, the agra police had lodged an fir against the in-laws of olga efimenkova, a day after she began a hunger strike seeking action against them over alleged dowry demands and torture.
;;0.4019;;the police response had come hours after swaraj tweeted a picture of efimenkova with a message asking akhilesh to help this lady.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj emplaned for baku in azerbaijan today.
;;0.0;;(source: ani) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj emplaned for baku in azerbaijan today.
;;0.0;;(source: ani)minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday emplaned for azerbaijans capital city baku to attend the mid-term ministerial meeting of the non-aligned movement from april 4-6.
;;0.2023;;swaraj, who is on a three-day visit to azerbaijan starting today, will be attending a meeting of the non-aligned movement (nam) and hold discussions with top leadership of the country.
;;0.0;;during her visit, swaraj will hold extensive discussions with azerbaijans foreign minister elmar mammadyarov and also call on president ilham aliyev and first vice-president mehriban aliyeva, the ministry of external affairs (mea) said.
;;0.8481;;the external affairs ministers participation in the nam ministerial meeting will underline indias continued active and constructive engagement within the movement with a view to further strengthen solidarity and cooperation among its member states, the statement further added.
;;-0.4588;;after last weeks talks in delhi between the two foreign ministers  sushmaswaraj swaraj and wang yi  the two sides noted that the developments in doklam severely tested bilateral relations in 2017.
;;0.6124;;swaraj and wang were also truthful about a critical issue in bilateral relations  the absence of mutual trust.
;;0.2023;;30pm on thursday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was back at her residence after a day in parliament when she received an urgent call from dunya maumoon, her counterpart in maldives.
;;-0.1027;;also read | soft hands and hard bargaining: what to watch in modi-oli meetingthe meeting will be followed by remote inauguration of development projects and press statements, according to the ministry of external affairs (mea).
;;0.0;;on the second day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and home minister rajnath singh will also call on oli separately.
;;0.8225;;the upcoming visit will provide an opportunity to the two sides to review wide-ranging cooperative partnership, and to progress it further for the benefit of the two peoples, the ministry of external affairs said in a statement.
;;0.3369;;also read | if china builds your dams, india wont buy energy: pm narendra modi to tell kp oliexternal affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had visited nepal before oli took office to congratulate him for the victory of the left alliance in the parliamentary and provincial elections.
;;0.4939;;nawaz, too, had praised indian nsa ajit doval when he met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in islamabad.
;;-0.5994;;earlier jeevas wife vegiben had urged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to find out the exact cause of his death.
;;0.0;;external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(file photo) external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.6486;;(file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought a report from the indian high commission in jamaica about an indian youth shot dead there.
;;-0.4019;;also, pl ensure best possible treatment to the injured indian nationals and coordinate with the affected families, swaraj tweeted when her attention was drawn to a news report that a vasai youth was shot dead by four unidentified men in his kingston home in jamaica in a case of suspected armed robbery.
;;0.0;;b'sushma swaraj, who is leading a 12-member delegation that attended the canonisation ceremony of mother teresa on sunday, met gentiloni and reviewed the status of bilateral ties.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj, who is leading a 12-member delegation that attended the canonisation ceremony of mother teresa on sunday, met gentiloni and reviewed the status of bilateral ties.
;;-0.6705;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on met her italian counterpart paolo gentiloni, the first high-level contact between the two countries after the un tribunals verdict that allowed the return of italian marines charged with murdering two indian fishermen off kerala coast.
;;0.0;;swaraj, who is leading a 12-member delegation that attended the canonisation ceremony of mother teresa on sunday, met gentiloni and reviewed the status of bilateral ties.
;;0.0;;eam @sushmaswaraj meets italian fm @paologentiloni, holds talks, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
;;0.7289;;all these years, minister sushmaswaraj swaraj kept telling us that all the missing persons were alive and our hopes never died.
;;0.0;;his wife said: whenever we met minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, she would not give the slightest hint that they are not all right.
;;-0.5994;;others of punjabdevinder singhsukhwinder singhbalvir chandrakesh kumarwritten by divya goyal***mea sushmaswaraj swaraj addressing the press over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
;;-0.5994;;(express photo by tashi tobgyal) mea sushmaswaraj swaraj addressing the press over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
;;0.2023;;jeet ram said he met union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj 15 times and she kept him telling him parminder was fine.
;;0.0;;i knocked on every door, from meeting union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to meeting former cm shanta kumar,who also wrote to swaraj, but nothing came out of these efforts.
;;-0.4019;;(ap photo)amid unease in ties, chinese foreign minister wang yi will arrive india next week to hold talks with his counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj on august 13 during which key regional and bilateral issues will be discussed, including the nsg issue.
;;0.25;;announcing the visit, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said the leaders will discuss various issues of mutual interests including the upcoming multilateral meetings with g-20 summit being held in china and the brics summit being held in india.
;;0.0;;in beijing, sources said wang will visit india from august 12-14 at the invitation of swaraj.
;;0.6124;;union minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj who immediately ordered a probe into the matter and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath have assured of a fair and impartial investigation into the matter.
;;-0.7184;;the ministry of external affairs, on tuesday, condemned the attack on the nigerian nationals.
;;-0.5267;;on tuesday morning, minister of external affairs, sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath after a foreign student tweeted asking her to act fast as living in noida was becoming life threatening issue for africans.
;;-0.1531;;sushma swaraj later tweeted, i have spoken to adityanathji about (the) attack on african students in greater noida.
;;0.0772;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the central government was taking immediate action and that she had spoken to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath who had assured her of a fair and impartial investigation into this unfortunate incident.
;;-0.8176;;the wife of an indian fisherman, who died in a pakistani jail, has urged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, to find out the cause behind his sudden death.
;;-0.8176;;(source express photo) the wife of an indian fisherman, who died in a pakistani jail, has urged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, to find out the cause behind his sudden death.
;;-0.8176;;(source express photo)the wife of an indian fisherman, who died in a pakistani jail, has urged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, to find out the cause behind his sudden death.
;;-0.5994;;jeevas wife vegiben, in a statement issued here, urged swaraj to find out the exact cause behind jeevas death.
;;-0.7096;;further, this could prolong a two-decade-long failed battle to elect a bjp chief minister in delhi  the last was external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in 1998.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, president anastasiades also met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and discussed areas of bilateral cooperation.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought a report on the incident.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought a report on the incident.
;;0.2023;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought an urgent report on the incident from the telangana government.
;;0.0;;i have also asked shri amar sinha secretary er (economic relations) of my ministry to speak to chief secretary telangana and monitor this, tweeted swaraj.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs trip to nepal appears to have sent out some wholesome signals.
;;0.4404;;it would be a good move if swaraj, who had consulted west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee before her bangladesh trip, briefs these five chief ministers before modi leaves for kathmandu.
;;0.34;;from india, a 12-member central delegation led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and two state government-level delegations from delhi and west bengal, led by chief ministers arvind kejriwal and mamata banerjee, respectively, will be in attendance during the function.
;;0.1027;;while external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took up the issue with her counterpart wang yi on the sidelines of russia,india, china (ric) ministers meet in moscow on april 18, it was raised by defence minister manohar parrikar with his chinese counterpart the same day in beijing.
;;0.0;;b'indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(ap photo) indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.1779;;(ap photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has asked the uttarakhand government to trace a missing dutch woman after her family sought her help, four days after she went missing from rishikesh.
;;-0.3182;;sabrina harmes, 32, was last seen in rishikesh on wednesday and was in a confused state of mind, her sister suzanne lugano said in a tweet to swaraj, while seeking her intervention in locating sabrina.
;;-0.3818;;b'in a press meet that glaringly highlighted the absence of a sulking l k advani,president rajnath singh,flanked by sushmaswaraj swaraj and nitin gadkari,said that the veteran leader had agreed not to press forward with his resignation.
;;-0.0258;;advanis close associate jaswant singh maintained that the worries and concerns raised by advani about the affairs of the party would be looked into.
;;-0.0472;;party mp uma bharti,who met advani and leader of opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj separately this morning,said that she and and swaraj had a good conversation but refused to answer questions on advanis resignation,saying she does not want to speak on that matter.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shakes hands with us secretary of state john kerry at a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shakes hands with us secretary of state john kerry at a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.2732;;during the 2nd indo-us strategic and commercial dialogue (s&cd), co-chaired by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and commerce minister nirmala sitharaman along with us secretary of state john kerry and us secretary of commerce penny pritzker here, the two sides also discussed ways to enhance cooperation in key areas of energy and trade and business.
;;-0.34;;in her initial remarks, swaraj stressed on the need to enhance cooperation in counter-terrorism, saying there is a scope to do a lot more.
;;-0.3818;;on learning about their plight in saudi arabia, punjab chief minister amarinder singh on october 30 had brought the matter to the notice of external affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, through a tweet saying: this mother-daughter due from nawanshahr are in trouble in saudi arabia.
;;0.4019;;on which, the external affairs minister had asked the indian embassy in riyadh to help.
;;0.0;;on friday, swaraj in a tweet had said that gurbaksh kaur is returning to india and her daughter will be brought back soon.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and general vk singh in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by prem nath pandey) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and general vk singh in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.3919;;earlier on sunday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said that the dragon was not opposing indias entry into nsg but was only talking about certain creteria and procedure involved.
;;-0.4019;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted her gratitude to indias counsel at the hague, who had argued that there was significant concern that pakistans military court would have executed jadhav in the dead of night, and that therefore, the icj should rule against such a heinous act.
;;0.4939;;i assure the nation that under the leadership of prime minister modi we will leave no stone unturned to save #kulbhushanjadhav, swaraj tweeted.
;;-0.7096;;agrawal drew sharp criticism from the bjp including external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who said his remarks were improper and unacceptable.
;;0.4019;;while the bjp distanced itself from his remarks, swaraj took to twitter: shri naresh agrawal has joined bhartiya janata party.
;;0.5106;;afghan foreign minister salahuddin rabbani is learnt to have spoken to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and briefed her on the efforts being made to rescue the indians.
;;0.5106;;(ap photo/representational) afghan foreign minister salahuddin rabbani is learnt to have spoken to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and briefed her on the efforts being made to rescue the indians.
;;-0.8225;;confirming the abduction, ministry of external affairs official spokesperson raveesh kumar said, we are aware of the abduction of indian nationals from baghlan province in afghanistan.
;;0.5106;;afghan foreign minister salahuddin rabbani is learnt to have spoken to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and briefed her on the efforts being made to rescue the indians.
;;0.7184;;(source: google maps)harsh goenka, chairman of rpg enterprises, the parent company of kec, tweeted: request @sushmaswaraj and ministry of external affairs to help rescue 7 of our managers from the kidnapping in afghanistan.
;;0.0;;on saturday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made a fresh appeal urging indians in conflict zones to move out.
;;0.0;;non-resident keralites affairs (norka) minister k c joseph said several persons from kerala, particularly nurses, are still working in libya.
;;-0.2732;;he alleged the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje had helped lalit modi, who fled india in 2010 after facing charges of financial irregularity in ipl.
;;0.4404;;meanwhile, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj confirmed that the staff at the indian embassy in kabul are safe.
;;0.6908;;00 pm: foreign affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted: by gods grace, indian embassy staff are safe in the massive #kabul blast.
;;0.0;;bidhya devi bhandari, president of nepal, arrives in new delhi on state visit to india, the external affairs ministry spokesperson tweeted.
;;0.0;;vice president hamid ansari, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and finance minister arun jaitley will also call on the nepalese president.
;;0.5574;;the new memorandum of procedure (mop), finalised by a group of ministers (gom) headed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj last week, seeks to introduce performance appraisal as a standard for appointing chief justices of high courts and supreme court judges.
;;0.4404;;with the indian embassy shut on saturday and sunday in china, the mma has written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to aid in their safe return.
;;0.0258;;mmas president dr hemal barchha wrote to swaraj on saturday to intervene in the matter claiming the doctors have been held hostage and their passports have been held.
;;0.0;;b'(express file photo by prem nath pandey) (express file photo by prem nath pandey)in the first high-level visit from india after aung san suu kyis national league for democracy (nld) assumed power in myanmar earlier this year, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will visit the eastern neighbour on monday.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj will be calling on myanmar president u htin kyaw and hold discussions with aung san suu kyi, state counsellor and foreign minister of myanmar.
;;0.3818;;according to the external affairs ministry, the day-long visit reaffirms indias commitment to heightened partnership with myanmar in areas accorded priority by the new government of myanmar.
;;0.0;;during the visit, sushmaswaraj swaraj will be accompanied by foreign secretary s. jaishankar and other senior officials of the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.0;;last month, in a meeting with minister of state for external affairs v. k. singh on the sidelines of the association of southeast asian nations (asean) foreign ministers meeting, suu kyi said that she looked forward to visiting india.
;;0.0;;the office was inaugurated in 2006 by senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.8074;;former external affairs minister salman khurshid on monday took a jibe at the bharatiya janata party (bjp) in connection with the return of business tycoons lalit modi and vijay mallya from united kingdom, saying that the centre should avoid giving tantalising news and should come out clear that by when will these be brought back and made answerable.
;;0.4215;;watch video: whats making newshis remarks comes a day after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that india has not yet approached the united kingdom for extradition of liquor baron vijay mallya and former ipl boss lalit modi, wanted by indian investigators in multiple cases.
;;0.3919;;swaraj on sunday said that in the case of mallya, the enforcement directorate (ed) had sent her ministry the extradition request but certain changes were suggested and the probe agency was yet to respond.
;;0.2732;;the mechanism  called a 2+2 format  was discussed and agreed upon by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her counterpart, rex tillerson, on tuesday.
;;0.3612;;in this 23rd edition of mann ki baat, the prime minister also spoke about the upcoming event to grant sainthood to mother teresa on september 4 which will be attended by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;b'new delhi : union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj and us secretary of state john kerry at a joint press conference in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) new delhi : union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj and us secretary of state john kerry at a joint press conference in new delhi on tuesday.
;;-0.9477;;(source: pti)with secretary of state john kerry declaring that us stands with india on all matters of terrorism, no matter where it comes from, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tuesday ruled out any dialogue with islamabad saying talks with pakistan will happen only when it takes steps on the pathankot terror attack since terror and talks cannot go hand-in-hand.
;;-0.802;;in new delhi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, i am pained to hear about the killing of harnish patel, a us national of indian-origin in lancaster, south carolina.
;;-0.4767;;swaraj also offered her condolences to the bereaved family.
;;0.0;;b'union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is in myanmar for the first high-level indian visit since aung san suu kyis national league took power.
;;-0.2023;;it is to be hoped, though, that the external affairs minister will take the time to discuss what can be done to push forward on containing the threat from khaplangs insurgents.
;;0.0;;swaraj was the chief guest at tuesdays event.
;;0.0;;reuters/darren ornitz swaraj was the chief guest at tuesdays event.
;;0.6249;;reuters/darren ornitzrussian envoy nikolay kudashev has hailed external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for her personal contribution in strengthening ties between india and russia that he described as second to none.
;;0.0;;swaraj was the chief guest at tuesdays event.
;;0.0;;b'new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with chief executive officer and head of the council of the ministers of afghanistan, abdullah abdullah during a meeting in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;pti photo by kamal singh new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with chief executive officer and head of the council of the ministers of afghanistan, abdullah abdullah during a meeting in new delhi on monday.
;;0.7984;;the prime minister expressed deep gratitude towards the government and the national security forces of afghanistan for their bravery and sacrifice in order to protect indians, especially during the attack on the indian consulate in mazar-e-sharif on january 4-5, 2016, read a statement issued by the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.4215;;the afghan leader later held a meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during which india approved the third phase of 92 small development projects in afghanistan.
;;0.0516;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by anil sharma/file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by anil sharma/file)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will next month lead in commemorating the 125th anniversary of mahatma gandhis eviction from a trains whites-only compartment, which inspired him to launch the satyagraha movement against the british in south africa and in india.
;;0.1531;;the two-day commemoration will commence with a dinner and address by swaraj and other dignitaries to about 500 guests on june 6, indian high commissioner to south africa, ruchira kamboj, said.
;;0.4215;;the following day about 300 dignitaries, including leading south african politicians, will join swaraj in a symbolic train ride from pentrich station to pietermaritzburg station.
;;0.0;;last year, at the behest of maneka, the ministry of external affairs had revised its passport application rules and announced that the name of only one parent, and not both, was enough, enabling single parents to apply for passports for their children.
;;0.0;;the petition was addressed to maneka and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;subsequently, maneka had written to swaraj and a three-member committee comprising officials of the two ministries was constituted.
;;-0.25;;(screenshot/amazon)close on the heels of the indian flag incident, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has now received several complaints of amazon selling flip-flops with mahatma gandhis image.
;;-0.0258;;some twitter users have tagged swaraj in their tweets complaining that the beach sandals with gandhis image were being sold on the amazon us site.
;;0.8402;;watch video | after sushmaswaraj swaraj, economic affairs secretary slams amazon for selling indian flag doormatswhen asked, ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup did not specifically mention about the issue, saying, as a follow up to the matter regarding the sale of doormats with the indian flag on amazon, our ambassador in washington has been instructed to convey to amazon that while providing a platform for third party vendors, they should respect indian sensitivities and sentiments.
;;-0.4767;;earlier this week, after she received a complaint about amazon canada selling doormats depicting indian flag on its site, swaraj reacted sharply and asked the e-retailer to withdraw the products and tender an unconditional apology, failing which no official of amazon will be granted indian visa and the ones issued earlier will also be rescinded.
;;-0.8126;;following the stern message, amazon expressed regret for offending indian sentiments and informed swaraj about removal of the offensive product from its canadian website.
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said any major decisions, such as importing oil from iran in defiance of the us sanctions, would be taken by the next government.
;;0.0;;hasina also met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shortly after she landed on friday.
;;0.1531;;usually, it is a minister of state or a senior official of the external affairs ministry who receives foreign dignitaries visiting india.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the brics meet.
;;0.0;;(twitter/@meaindia) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the brics meet.
;;0.5106;;(twitter/@meaindia)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday underlined that multilateralism, international trade and rules based world order was facing strong head-winds as she called for joint action by the brics nations against money laundering, terrorist-financing and de-radicalisation.
;;0.0;;swaraj, who is on a five-day trip to south africa, was attending brics (brazil, russia, india, china and south africa) foreign ministers meeting.
;;0.3612;;india attaches importance to the role of brics in consolidating intra-brics cooperation and in international affairs, she was quoted as saying by a statement by the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.0;;swaraj will also chair a meeting of foreign ministers of ibsa (india, brazil, south africa), another bloc working to deepen coordination among the three countries on major global issues.
;;0.2732;;congress leader mani shankar aiyar sarcastically congratulated prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for having successfully pushed nepal towards china.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj at an event in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;a year after bangladeshs opposition leader khaleda zia did not meet president pranab mukherjee during his first ever bilateral visit to the country, the big question in bangladeshs power corridors is will she meet the visiting external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj this time?
;;0.0;;while new delhi has not yet officially confirmed a scheduled meeting between swaraj and zia, the indian express has learnt that efforts are underway from both sides for a meeting.
;;-0.4588;;this time, prime minister sheikh hasina-led awami leagues government has been arguing that the visiting external affairs minister need not meet zia as she is not the leader of opposition.
;;-0.1531;;while meetings are still being worked out by the two sides, the bangladesh government is pulling out all stops to lay the red carpet for swaraj as foreign minister a h mahmood ali is expected to depart from protocol receive her at the dhaka airport on wednesday.
;;0.0;;swaraj is likely to carry a goodwill message for prime minister hasina, who couldnt attend modis swearing-in as she was on a foreign trip.
;;0.0;;during her visit, swaraj will hold talks with her counterpart and call on president abdul hamid besides meeting prime minister hasina.
;;-0.4588;;b'raising the issue of the missing indians during the zero hour, pratap singh bajwa charged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with having misled parliament and the nation on the issue.
;;-0.4588;;raising the issue of the missing indians during the zero hour, pratap singh bajwa charged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with having misled parliament and the nation on the issue.
;;-0.4588;;raising the issue of the missing indians during the zero hour, pratap singh bajwa (congress) charged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with having misled parliament and the nation on the issue.
;;0.6249;;the congress mp said swaraj had then assured akali dal leaders that the government had information from six sources which confirmed that all these people were alive.
;;-0.2263;;watch video: whats making newsassociating himself with the sentiments of the congress mps, naresh gujral, member of nda partner akali dal, demanded that the external affairs minister make a statement on the issue.
;;0.0258;;sushma swaraj tweeted that devendra singh, an indian national, on board chemical tanker ship nu shi nalini required emergency medical help.
;;0.0258;;(source: express photo by praveen khanna) sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted that devendra singh, an indian national, on board chemical tanker ship nu shi nalini required emergency medical help.
;;-0.1531;;(source: express photo by praveen khanna)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday took up the cause of a sick indian sailor on board a chemical tanker near yemen and got him immediate help.
;;-0.8402;;april 14, 2015  yemen crisis  external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced on twitter that the indian embassy in yemen was being evacuated in light of the war there.
;;0.7783;;may 7, 2015  historic land swap  foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj got a round of applause from all quarters in the parliament as members across treasury and opposition benches came together to pass a constitution amendment bill for a historic land boundary agreement with bangladesh.
;;0.1027;;the congress staged a walkout as the party was not allowed to seek clarifications over finance minister arun jaitleys statement on behalf of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.5574;;(file)rajya sabha member of parliament shantaram naik has asked union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to protect the interests of indians in qatar.
;;0.4215;;the nda governments three-way dialogue with the chinese leadership next week, involving external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, defence minister manohar parrikar and national security advisor ajit doval, is likely to reflect some of this new realism.
;;0.0;;a day after being thrown out of the jammu and kashmir,senior leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj,arun jaitley and ananth kumar tried to re-enter the state along with the ekta yatra being led by the partys youth wing president anurag thakur but it was foiled by police which had put a barricade.
;;0.0;;earlier,swaraj and jaitley addressed a public meeting at madhopur on punjab border and vowed to go ahead with the plans to to unfurl the national tricolour at lal chowk in srinagar.
;;-0.4019;;jaitley said he along with swaraj had been illegally detained by the police on monday at jammu.
;;0.5267;;watch video: whats making newsit is understood that the government climbed down from its stated position after chief justice of india t s thakur and union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who leads the inter-ministerial group on the mop, discussed this issue.
;;0.34;;when swaraj and then union law minister d v sadananda gowda met the cji last month, they communicated to the collegium that the government had agreed to dilute the clause on mandatory transfer of such judges.
;;-0.802;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj flanked by ministers of state for external affairs, mj akbar and gen vk singh, addresses a press conference over the death of 39 indians who were abducted by isis in iraq, in new delhi on tuesday.
;;-0.802;;pti external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj flanked by ministers of state for external affairs, mj akbar and gen vk singh, addresses a press conference over the death of 39 indians who were abducted by isis in iraq, in new delhi on tuesday.
;;-0.9217;;she (swaraj) should say to the families that she kept them in the dark and that she had no information, senior congress leader ambika soni said, mounting the charge on the government after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told parliament that all the 39 indians abducted by terror outfit isis in mosul in 2014 were dead and their bodies had been recovered.
;;-0.128;;the congress demanded that swaraj should meet each family and publicly apologise to them, while aap leader and kharar mla kanwar sandhu called for her resignation.
;;-0.8074;;congress leader of opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad said the ministry of external affairs had forcefully asserted in parliament last year that the abducted indians were alive, but was now saying they were dead.
;;0.0;;the chief minister made the requests in separate letters to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and civil aviation minister a gajapathi raju.
;;0.0;;the state government is providing viability gap funding to the international carrier for its operations, patnaik said in his letter to swaraj.
;;-0.5106;;an indian, who was among the prisoners, has not been executed yet, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj confirmed.
;;-0.296;;both are missing after they landed in karachi airport, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had tweeted.
;;0.0;;meetings have also been set up with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and sujata mehta, the ministrys secretary west.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also took to twitter and offered her condolences to the family of the deceased.
;;0.0;;b'foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shakes hands with us secretary of state john kerry during a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti/shirish shete) foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shakes hands with us secretary of state john kerry during a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.3182;;i would urge you to find a just and non-discriminatory solution to these issues, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said at the plenary session of the second strategic and commercial dialogue (s&cd) new delhi.
;;0.8402;;this would spur defence industry collaboration between india and the us and help india play the desired role as a net provider of security in the region, swaraj added.
;;0.8402;;swaraj also talked about the need to step up collaboration in the area of clean energy that will make it viable for us to make quantum transition to renewable energy away from fossil fuel, and achieve our ambitious climate goals.
;;0.1531;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at that time had said that india was exploring all legal options to prevent his execution.
;;0.1779;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (photo: anil sharma/file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (photo: anil sharma/file)nepal on tuesday termed as unfortunate the remarks of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj that prime minister narendra modi addressed lakhs of indians during a civic reception in his honour in nepals janakpur recently.
;;-0.8957;;according to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, the indian student who was allegedly brutally assaulted in poland, and was believed to have died, has survived the attack.
;;-0.4404;;as reported by news agency pti, swaraj spoke to indian ambassador to poland ajay bisaria regarding the attack on the student in poznan city, whose name is being withheld by the government, after which she gave an update on the situation saying the student has survived the attack.
;;-0.4588;;in a tweet, swaraj wrote, there was an incident of beating.
;;0.0516;;co/tywhkjfspq  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 31, 2017bisaria, also wrote on twitter earlier that the student has survived the attack, and he is trying to get the details regarding the incident.
;;0.1027;;swaraj had tweeted a photograph of the two indians from tamil nadu saying: i am happy to inform about the release of two indian nationals midhun and edward who were abducted in south sudan.
;;0.0;;iran foreign minister javad zarif will arrive in india on monday night and will meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tomorrow.
;;0.34;;also read | tears and grief at end of four-year wait: caskets from mosul flown home to punjabhe added, if the opportunity comes, i will go to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with folded hands to thank her for helping to bring the moral remains.
;;-0.1779;;b'from left: chinese foreign minister wang yi, russia foreign minister sergey lavrov and indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shake hands after a meeting in moscow, russia, monday, april 18, 2016.
;;-0.1779;;(source: ap) from left: chinese foreign minister wang yi, russia foreign minister sergey lavrov and indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shake hands after a meeting in moscow, russia, monday, april 18, 2016.
;;-0.8074;;(source: ap)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj monday raised the issue of china blocking indias bid to designate jaish-e-mohammad chief masood azhar as a terrorist at the un with chinese foreign minister wang yi at a bilateral meeting in moscow.
;;-0.7597;;external affairs minister (sushma swaraj) raised the issue of listing of masood azhar in the un 1267 committee and emphasised that as common victims of terrorism, china and india should cooperate in combating this challenge.
;;0.3016;;it was agreed that the two sides would remain in touch on this matter, said ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup.
;;-0.8316;;also read: masood azhar doesnt meet un criteria to be banned as terrorist: chinameanwhile, at the russia-india-china (ric) trilateral meeting, swaraj sought strong global action against terror networks.
;;0.3612;;among the stream of messages, wednesday condoling the death of former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was a heartfelt tribute from a family whose life her office had touched  with hope.
;;0.4676;;the family of kulbhushan jadhav, who is in pakistani custody, described swaraj as very humble, loving, caring and down to earth, and said it was deeply grieved at the loss.
;;0.6908;;swaraj was the architect of a sustained diplomatic campaign that led last month to the international court of justice (icj) granting india consular access to jadhav, the retired navy officer who has been in pakistans custody since march 2016.
;;0.4939;;advertisingon wednesday, a statement issued by jadhavs parents and family, and read over the phone to the indian express, said: sushmaji was an emphatic and compassionate person.
;;0.3612;;because of this, she and the ministry of external affairs seemed like an extended family to us.
;;0.0;;on july 25, swaraj had tweeted a photograph of her with jadhavs parents avanti and sudhir, and wife chetna.
;;-0.6808;;on tuesday, just before she suffered a cardiac arrest, swaraj had called senior advocate harish salve and asked him to collect his fee of re 1 for representing india at the icj in the jadhav case.
;;0.1027;;apart from the home minister, defence minister manohar parrikar, minister of state for the prime minister office jitendra singh and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and minister of road transport and highways of india nitin gadkari were present for the meeting.
;;0.0;;bjp president rajnath singh, senior leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, haryana bjp president jagdish mukhi and gurgaon bjp leader ram vilas sharma attended the meeting.
;;0.0;;this followed a february meeting between prime minister narendra modi, saudi crown prince mohammed bin salman, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, and minority affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi, with the gulf kingdom enhancing indias haj quota by about 25,000.
;;0.7096;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today asked indian and chinese to learn each others language as it will help them overcome communication barriers, resulting in further strengthening the relationship between the two nations.
;;0.4404;;swaraj, who is on a visit here, made the remarks during a programme, titled contribution of hindi in india-china friendship, organised by the india embassy.
;;0.7269;;noting that during the programme, a chinese student learning hindi had expressed that her dream was to visit india, swaraj instructed the ambassador to make arrangements for a visit of such students to india i want to tell her, that your dream would come true right here, right now.
;;0.0;;kathmandu: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with nepals prime minister sher bahadur deuba at a meeting in kathmandu on thursday.
;;0.0;;pti photo / (mea twitter) kathmandu: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with nepals prime minister sher bahadur deuba at a meeting in kathmandu on thursday.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told nepali lawmakers in kathmandu a fortnight ago that in a democracy everyone must participate in elections.
;;0.4019;;only a week after swaraj returned from kathmandu on august 10, chinese vice-premier wang yang was in nepal, wooing deuba, promising aid, trade and economic projects, including building a railway up to the nepal border and expanding the kodari highway.
;;0.0;;(express file photo by prem nath pandey) sushmaswaraj swaraj called upon overseas indians to send funds under the india development foundation (idf) for projects of their choice.
;;0.4019;;(express file photo by prem nath pandey)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj saturday invited the indian diaspora to donate money towards the implementation of various development projects, including clean india and ganga rejuvenation, and get connected with their roots.
;;0.4019;;faced with the roadblock, chapke has sought help from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, the local indian embassy and even us president donald trump and the obama foundation so that he can complete his record overland journey.
;;0.0;;when some members wanted to react to the home ministers remarks, speaker told them that they could express their views after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj gave a statement.
;;0.25;;i take exception to the statement by sushmaswaraj swaraj that i had misled the selection committee and told the committee that thomas had been acquitted.
;;0.8225;;issuing the rejoinder once again most reluctantly,chidambaram requested swaraj to respect the rule of subjudice and allow the supreme court to decide the case.
;;0.0;;swaraj called it a lie and she had raised the issue and the committee discussed it.
;;0.0;;advertisingexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will attend the foreign ministers meeting to be held in abu dhabi, on march 1-2, at the invitation of the uaes sheikh abdullah bin zayed al nahyan.
;;-0.4404;;it alleged that when 48 mps had sought an appointment to meet modi on the fishermens issue, they were denied and the memorandum was given to minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will also meet turkish president today.
;;0.4215;;trade and bilateral ties between two countries have strengthened significantly which includes visits by president pranab mukherjee to turkey in 2013 and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs working visit in 2015.
;;-0.7717;;b'union minister of urban development m.venkaiah naidu (source: pti file photo) union minister of urban development m.venkaiah naidu (source: pti file photo)the war of words between the congress and the bjp over the recent suicide of a hyderabad university student escalated sunday, with the opposition party slamming the bjp, especially external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, for claiming that rohith vemula was not a dalit.
;;0.0;;as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted, bhagwati will be remembered as a peoples judge.
;;0.0;;as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted, bhagwati will be remembered as a peoples judge.
;;0.0;;as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted, bhagwati will be remembered as a peoples judge.
;;0.4404;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and some other diplomats will also meet the visiting dignitary.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(express photo by amit mehra) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.1779;;(express photo by amit mehra)amid growing bilateral ties, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is set to visit israel on a two-day tour starting january 17.
;;0.0;;swaraj is not unknown to diplomatic and government circles in israel.
;;0.0;;the officer also said the collegiums objections would be placed before the group of ministers headed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;naidu said he spoke regarding the incident to his cabinet colleague and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who gave appropriate directions to the indian high commission.
;;0.0;;the moment i came to know about the incident i spoke to sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;vice president hamid ansari, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and finance minister arun jaitley will call on the nepalese president.
;;-0.4767;;at a meeting of bjp media coordinators and spokespersons of all states held in new delhi on saturday,senior bjp leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj,arun jaitley,ravi shankar prasad and rajnath singh gave tips to over 300 members of various bjp media cells on how to attack the congress governments,raise issues before anybody else does and launch counterattacks in all the states if any national-level congress leader makes a statement on any issue.
;;0.2023;;union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj and union minister for health and family welfare jp nadda during a cabinet briefing for the press on the surrogacy bill in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.2023;;express photo by tashi tobgyal union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj and union minister for health and family welfare jp nadda during a cabinet briefing for the press on the surrogacy bill in new delhi on wednesday.
;;-0.4767;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj asserted in the lok sabha that it would be wrong to think that india will let go of any part of its territory.
;;-0.6705;;on sunday, minister of state for external affairs v k singh left for iraq to bring back the mortal remains of those killed.
;;-0.5187;;earlier this month, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had told parliament that as many as 40 indians were abducted by terror group isis from mosul in iraq in june 2014, but one of them, harjit masih, had escaped by posing as a bangladeshi muslim.
;;0.0;;parliamentary leader sushmaswaraj swaraj promptly followed suit,as did ananth kumar.
;;0.0;;swaraj provided regular updates of the ongoing tussle between the bjp leaders and the authorities on her new twitter account,competing with media-in-charge ravi shankar prasad,who regularly briefed journalists in delhi on the same issue.
;;0.0516;;v narayanasamy,who is now minister of state in the pmo,is also in charge of the parliamentary affairs,personnel and public grievances portfolios and looks after chhattisgarh and some northeastern states for the party.
;;-0.8885;;an anxious four-year wait for a group of families from punjab, himachal pradesh, bihar and west bengal ended on a tragic note tuesday with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj informing the rajya sabha that the 39 indians who had been reported missing in iraq since june 2014 were confirmed dead.
;;0.4019;;after all formalities are completed, mos external affairs, general (retd) v k singh, will bring the remains back from baghdad on a special aircraft, she said.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendra modi took to twitter to condole the deaths and express support for swaraj and gen singh.
;;0.0;;on tuesday, swaraj described masihs version of events as a cock-and-bull story, and said that he had escaped by claiming that he was a muslim from bangladesh.
;;-0.5994;;(express photo by tashi tobgyal) mea sushmaswaraj swaraj addressing the press over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
;;0.4215;;read: my stand vindicated, case against me should be withdrawnwe found (the remains of) 39 bodies in total, said swaraj, adding that workers at the site found long hair and kada (metallic bangle), indicating that some of those buried could be of members of the sikh community.
;;0.2023;;he also met top indian leaders including external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.5267;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted about the incident, saying, i am sorry to know about the attack on deep rai, a us national of indian-origin.
;;-0.6597;;in a separate tweet, swaraj condoled the killing of harnish patel, a us national of indian origin, in lancaster, south carolina, earlier last week.
;;-0.3818;;b'bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday sought to downplay the divergent views expressed by her and the party after the prime minister owned responsibility for the cvc fiasco,saying there was no difference of opinion and blamed limitations of words in twitter for it.
;;0.743;;soon after,swaraj wrote on the twitter,i appreciate the statement of the prime minister owning responsibility for the appointment of cvc,which has been quashed by the supreme court.
;;-0.5106;;on friday, six years after he was abducted and taken to bangladesh, he was reunited with his family after the intervention of the external affairs ministry.
;;0.6124;;earlier in the day, sonu, accompanied by his parents, met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and thanked her for ensuring his return.
;;0.6808;;eam @sushmaswaraj welcomes the young boy sonu home from bangladesh, tweeted ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup, along with a photograph of swaraj welcoming sonu.
;;0.5106;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also said that the workers would be brought back free of charge.
;;0.5106;;(express file photo by prem nath pandey) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also said that the workers would be brought back free of charge.
;;-0.3182;;(express file photo by prem nath pandey)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday appealed to the indian workers, who have lost their jobs in saudi arabia, to file their claims for unpaid dues with their employers and come back home soon and said the government will bear the cost of their return.
;;-0.2263;;earlier this month minister of state for external affairs v k singh singh had rushed to saudi arabia after large number of indian workers sought indian governments intervention in taking up their difficulties with the saudi authorities.
;;0.4939;;b'indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (ap photo) indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (ap photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday said that the government was making last minute efforts to save an indian man facing execution on thursday in indonesia in a drug related case.
;;0.0;;even after cabinet meetings, ministers, including external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, often hold meetings with modi and bjp president amit shah, he said.
;;0.8316;;as soon as the order came, prime minister narendra modi reportedly spoke to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who described the verdict as a great relief.
;;0.8225;;gopal baglay, the ministry of external affairs (mea) official spokesperson, said: the provisional relief provided by the icj is the first step in ensuring justice to jadhav.
;;0.0258;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on sunday that india evacuated its entire contingent of peacekeeping forces, comprising 15 central reserve police force (crpf) personnel, from tripoli after the situation there suddenly worsened.
;;0.0;;#libya, sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted.
;;0.0;;addressing a press conference, prasad said it was the congress which had disrupted proceedings in the lok sabha when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had sought to make a statement on the deaths of these indians.
;;-0.7717;;bexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj leaves parliament after making a statement wherein she confirmed that 39 indians missing in iraq have been killed.
;;-0.7717;;(source: express photo by praveen jain) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj leaves parliament after making a statement wherein she confirmed that 39 indians missing in iraq have been killed.
;;-0.6705;;(source: express photo by praveen jain)union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in a statement in parliament said all 39 indians, who were kidnapped by isis in iraqs mosul in june 2015, were killed and their bodies have been recovered.
;;-0.6486;;also read | 39 indians kidnapped by islamic state in iraq are dead: sushmaswaraj swaraj informs parliamentthe external affairs minister further said, when general vk singh went to iraq to track them, i asked him to meet the owner of the company in mosul where the indians were working.
;;0.4019;;minister of state for external affairs v k singh will be flying to iraq to bring back the bodies on a special flight.
;;0.3252;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday said that china is not protesting membership of india in nsg.
;;-0.4939;;at a press conference in the national capital, to highlight her ministrys achievements over the last two years, swaraj spoke on range of issues including terrorism, economic ties with different countries, fdi vijay mallya and lalit modi.
;;0.5267;;* we envisage growth in fdi and skill india programs through various foreign visits, have moved forward with various nations in nuclear agreementssushma swaraj said since the modi government took charge in may 2014, there had been a substantial fdi inflow.
;;-0.4019;;the announcement over the weekend in beijing during external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs visit has the potential to break the pattern of bitterness that has been developing between the two nations in recent years.
;;0.4019;;certainly, the chinese seem to also want a reset in ties with india and have pulled out the carpet for swaraj; she has met both president xi and vice-president wang qishan, a key decision-maker who has been seconded by xi to deal with the us.
;;0.0;;ghanis first state visit to india came in april 2015 during which he held extensive consultations with the indian leadership including external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and pm modi.
;;0.0;;eam swaraj had visited maldives in 2014 and 2015 and was a part of the india-maldives joint commission meeting.
;;0.0;;while eam sushmaswaraj swaraj has visited islamabad for the heart of asia conference, home minister rajnath singh has made a trip to the pakistani capital for the saarc meeting.
;;0.0;;last year, gandhi had written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj asking her to reconsider the rule of having the fathers name mentioned for getting passports.
;;0.0;;advertisingdaudzai, who met doval and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday in separate bilateral meetings, tweeted, visited india & met mr.ajit doval, indias nsa in new delhi.
;;0.7906;;speaking at the indian council of world affairs (icwa), the chief executive of the afghanistan high peace council, daudzai said that indias role is key to the peace in afghanistan.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.6369;;(file)a potentially panic situation occurred on friday when male air traffic control (atc) reported that there was uncertainty pertaining to the safety of the indian air force aircraft flying minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj to mauritius from thiruvananthapuram on saturday evening after it lost radio contact with the vvip plane for 14 minutes.
;;0.0;;indian air force flight ifc31 carrying ms. sushmaswaraj swaraj, minister of external affairs, departed from thiruvananthapuram at 1408 ist for mauritius.
;;0.0;;the atc at male initiated the incerfa after 12 minutes of not being able to establish contact with the aircraft carrying swaraj.
;;-0.0423;;the congress joined in late, after leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad demanded that the house should discuss the recent decision of the supreme court on not allowing automatic arrest of bureaucrats under the sc/st act, besides external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs statement on the death of 39 indians in mosul.
;;-0.7469;;minister of state for parliamentary affairs vijay goel tried to pacify the opposition by saying that the government is ready for any discussion but that failed to cut ice and chairman venkaiah naidu adjourned the house for the day.
;;0.0;;senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj had been pushing for this amendment.
;;0.0;;steinmeier will also meet his indian counterpart ram nath kovind, vice president venkaiah naidu and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.6124;;hours after she gave her statement, the ministry of external affairs (mea) said the indian high commission in islamabad was working with the pakistan foreign ministry for her safe return, as desired by uzma and her family.
;;0.0;;her brother has met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.7184;;her brother met the external affairs minister and requested the governments help to rescue his sister at the earliest, he said.
;;0.0;;on sunday, the pakistan foreign ministry had said that the indian high commission informed the ministry of foreign affairs that uzma had approached them with the request to be repatriated to india.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought detailed information from indian high commissioner in malaysia regarding reports of an indian stranded in the country after his employers allegedly seized his passport.
;;0.4019;;his family has called for help from external affairs minister swaraj.
;;0.0;;the reconstituted committee has modi as chairman while home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley, hrd minister smriti irani, i&b minister prakash javadekar and culture minister sripad yesso naik will be its ex-officio members.
;;0.5106;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had tweeted about murthys rescue three days ago.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj lead the indian delegation.
;;0.2732;;swaraj did well to raise the issue of the transportation of indian goods to afghanistan via the punjab border at the conference.
;;0.4019;;he said opposition party leader in the lok sabha sushmaswaraj swaraj would visit vedharanyam in tamil nadu,the nearest spot to the sri lankan coast and also sri lanka in february to acquaint herself with the hardships faced by indian fishermen.
;;-0.25;;while their identities are not known, ministry of external affairs spokesperson syed akbaruddin said, four more indian nurses from strife torn areas of iraq are on the way home.
;;0.5423;;the government of india is making every efforts and taking all steps to secure their release as well, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told lok sabha wednesday, in response to a written question.
;;0.5267;;notwithstanding his various functions,including addressing students at shri ram college of commerce in new delhi,fergusson college in pune and yuva rally in hyderabad for which the party charged rs 5 per person,modi has not been placed above leaders like sushmaswaraj swaraj,arun jaitley and rajnath singh by the bjyms national team in its cyber space.
;;-0.7003;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)the challenge of cross-border terrorism and large-scale ceasefire violations by pakistan continue to have a negative impact on indias vision for a secure and peaceful neighbourhood, the government said on thursday.
;;0.7717;;in a written reply in rajya sabha, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said indias approach towards its neighbourhood is focused on greater connectivity, stronger cooperation and broader contacts.
;;0.296;;first, union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj  who is better known for her inventive and imaginative use of the social media platform to convey a personal touch to an office wrapped in hauteur and protocol  tweeted a warning to online retail giant amazon for doormats being sold on its canada portal depicting the indian flag.
;;0.0;;the sights of indias external affairs minister must be set a lot higher.
;;0.0;;much of this conversation has happened in august, when chinese foreign minister wang yi met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in delhi.
;;-0.6124;;new delhi hasnt even allowed itself to be daunted by a public snub delivered by china after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced that the superpower had no in-principle objections to the countrys membership of the nsg.
;;0.0;;(file)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday revealed that prime minister narendra modi expressed displeasure to his british counterpart theresa may last month on uk courts raising a finger on the condition of indian jails during the extradition trial of fugitive liquor baron vijay mallya.
;;0.7717;;the fishermen also thanked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for taking steps to secure the release of 77 fishermen and also her assurance to retrieve 103 boats which are still in the island nations custody.
;;0.0;;on july 29, sushmaswaraj swaraj had held a high-level meeting with various stakeholders and deliberated on the different aspects of the fishermen issue with sri lanka.
;;0.1027;;the meeting was attended by representatives of tamil nadu, puducherry, andhra pradesh, karnataka, kerala, odisha, 13 representatives from fishermens association of tamil nadu, officials of prime ministers office, coast guard, ministries of agriculture, home, defence, external affairs and the indian navy.
;;0.3182;;external affairs minister chaired a meeting of internal stakeholders earlier today afternoon to discuss the way forward towards a permanent solution to the fishermen issue between india and sri lanka, mea spokesperson vikas swarup said.
;;0.6705;;he said all stakeholders agreed with swaraj that it was important to resolve the issues quickly.
;;0.0;;sources in the ministry of external affairs indicated the visit could take place somewhere around june.
;;0.0;;he also cited the visit of president pranab mukherjee to israel in october, 2015, followed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs visit to the jewish nation early last year.
;;0.0;;besides jaitley, the interactions in delhi will also be addressed by home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, coal minister piyush goyal, law minister ravi shankar prasad and agriculture minister radha mohan singh.
;;0.0;;jaitley will hold one more press conference in vadodara on may 26  the date when the government took oath exactly a year ago; minister of state for minority affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi will be in lucknow on june 9; and mos (home) kiren rijiju and mos (sports) sarbanand sonowal will be in charge in guwahati.
;;0.0;;besides jaitley, the interactions in delhi will also be addressed by home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, coal minister piyush goyal, law minister ravi shankar prasad and agriculture minister radha mohan singh.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.5267;;(file)on july 27, as nawaz sharifs prime ministership of pakistan was unravelling, a young pakistani woman who needed a medical visa tweeted her distress to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;swaraj tweeted to the indian high commissioner: gautam bamabawale ji, inhen visa dey do.
;;0.3182;;earlier in july, swaraj made a similar exception, granting a 24-year-old young man from rawalakot in pakistan-occupied kashmir, a medical visa for treatment in new delhi.
;;-0.7351;;publicly, no reason has been given, though swaraj has appeared to link it to pakistans refusal to give a visit visa to the mother of kulbhushan jadhav, sentenced to death by a military court in pakistan.
;;-0.8074;;in a series of tweets on july 10, swaraj criticised azizs failure to respond to her letter asking for a visa for jadhavs mother, though she too drew no direct connection between the two.
;;0.0;;my sons heart beats for madam sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.5859;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has spoken to odisha chief minister naveen patnaik regarding the reported abduction of a candian national in the state.
;;-0.5859;;i have spoken to naveen patnaik, chief minister regarding the reported abduction of a canadian national in koraput district of odisha, swaraj tweeted today.
;;-0.6486;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced in parliament on tuesday that all 39 men were dead.
;;0.0;;minister of state for external affairs vk singh has said that it would take the government eight to 10 days to bring back the remains of the 39 workers.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)there are 24,084 indians currently residing in six war-torn countries including in iraq, syria and afghanistan, the government said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;while approximately 11,000 indians are still in iraq, an estimated 8,000 are in lebanon and nearly 3,000 are in afghanistan, minister of state for foreign affairs general v k singh (retired) said in written reply in the lok sabha.
;;-0.7579;;in yet another query on complaints about nri marital disputes, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the ministry has received 2,485 such complaints in 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017 (till date).
;;0.0;;earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj would meet us and hear our concerns.
;;0.0;;b'new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj leaves after meeting with home minister rajnath singh at his residence in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo) new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj leaves after meeting with home minister rajnath singh at his residence in new delhi on monday.
;;-0.836;;(source: pti photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday met home minister rajnath singh, amid the uncertainty over the indo-pak foreign secretary-level talks scheduled in islamabad on january 15 after the pathankot terror attack.
;;0.0;;according to official sources, the 20-minute one-on-one meeting was held on a request of swaraj.
;;-0.6908;;all terror-related information and inputs about pakistan- based terrorist groups are provided by the home ministry to the external affairs ministry whenever india-pakistan meet to discuss bilateral issues.
;;0.25;;the meet was followed by the nsas of india and pakistan meeting in bangkok a week later following which the external affairs minister visited pakistan to attend heart of asia conference during which the two sides announced the resumption of talks under bilateral comprehensive dialogue process.
;;-0.2263;;in response, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj gave a fitting reply to sharif for interfering in indias internal matters and trying to destabilise the situation in the kashmir valley, saying that the continuous remarks by pakistan are somewhere leading to a malicious propaganda against india.
;;-0.7506;;b'speaking in parliament amidst an uproar by the treasury benches,bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj protested the absence of home minister sushil kumar shinde in the house and at the same time accused government of not being concerned about crpf jawans losing their lives in attacks by militants sponsored by pakistan.
;;-0.7579;;as upa allied mps objected vociferously,sushma expresssed her own outrage that mps should have been seriously discussing the srinagar attack and its aftermath and yet they are challenging each other.
;;-0.3182;;amidst the bedlam,sushma added,this attack has happened in the very place where some interested people are demanding the revoking of afspa.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by anil sharma) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by anil sharma)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will on wednesday begin her three-day visit to japan during which she will co-chair a strategic dialogue with her japanese counterpart taro kono and review the entire gamut of bilateral ties.
;;0.4588;;the two sides will review all aspects of bilateral relations and exchange views on regional and international issues of common interest, a ministry of external affairs (mea) statement said.
;;-0.6486;;b'a private jet carrying bjp president rajnath singh and senior leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley made an emergency landing today at delhi airport after it developed problems in its auto-pilot system.
;;0.4019;;on december 5, 2016, dr muffazal lakdawala had tweeted to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj seeking help in procuring medical visa for eman.
;;-0.836;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had in a statement in parliament on tuesday said that the 39 indians who were kidnapped by the terror outfit isis in june 2016, were killed.
;;-0.34;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought a report from the indian ambassador in the us on the arrest of a baroda-based businessman at an airport in the american state of north dakota.
;;-0.34;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought a report from the indian ambassador in the us on the arrest of a baroda-based businessman at an airport in the american state of north dakota.
;;-0.34;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought a report from the indian ambassador in the us on the arrest of a baroda-based businessman at an airport in the american state of north dakota.
;;0.8126;;co/9xv09int4s  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) january 30, 2017sushmaji, my husband paraman radhakrishnan is an honest man with a passion for energy conservation, the wife tweeted to the minister.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shakes hands with u.s. secretary of state john kerry at a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo by shirish shete) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shakes hands with u.s. secretary of state john kerry at a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;he held talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who was also present at the plenary session.
;;0.4404;;he thanked swaraj for indias collaboration in talks on climate change.
;;0.4019;;we will hold a day-long meeting on april 18 where government will bring its official amendments after studying the amendments suggested by various parties, leader of the opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj said after the meeting.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.6124;;informing about the well-being of the indian national who was stabbed in kuwait, the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday said the victim has undergone surgery.
;;0.4019;;i wish her a speedy recovery, swaraj wrote on microblogging website twitter.
;;-0.4767;;/4  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 21, 2017talking about another case in libya concerning indian citizen suffering a bullet injury, swaraj wrote on twitter, we have rescued dr.ramamurthy kosanam in libya.
;;0.0;;in parliament on august 3, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj taunted the congress for pointing out that ties with nepal had deteriorated.
;;0.3182;;the challenge will be to convince both deuba and nepal that india can really keep out of the countrys internal affairs, and that ties between the two countries are more than transactional.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today inaugurated the eighth conference of head of missions here.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj inaugurates the 8th hom conference.
;;0.5859;;releases a booklet india surging ahead on successful economic diplomacy, the external affairs ministry spokesperson said.
;;0.4588;;announcing modis visit from june 25, the external affairs ministry on monday said the modi-trump discussions would provide a new direction for deeper bilateral engagement.
;;0.0;;during her annual press conference last week, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said modi would raise the issue with trump.
;;0.0;;inderjeet singh chauhan (agra) is recuperating in hospital, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in a tweet.
;;0.0;;inderjeet singh chauhan (agra) is recuperating in hospital, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in a tweet.
;;0.0;;inderjeet singh chauhan (agra) is recuperating in hospital, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in a tweet.
;;0.1027;;union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with defence minister of canada harjit singh sajjan at the delegation level talks in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.1027;;(pti photo by kamal singh) union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with defence minister of canada harjit singh sajjan at the delegation level talks in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.1027;;(pti photo by kamal singh)canadian defence minister harjit singh sajjan met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday and discussed a range of bilateral and regional issues.
;;0.0;;b'externail affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by anil sharma/file) externail affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by anil sharma/file)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will visit china later this week to participate in the foreign ministers meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) during which she will also hold talks with her chinese counterpart wang yi.
;;-0.4019;;visits by swaraj and sitharaman are taking place as india and china have stepped up high-level exchanges to defuse tensions following last years dokalam standoff.
;;0.0;;india and china also held working mechanism meeting on border affairs and cross border rivers.
;;0.0;;officials from the ministry of external affairs and other ministers are also expected to meet the nepal pm.
;;0.8225;;the upcoming visit will provide an opportunity to the two sides to review wide-ranging cooperative partnership, and to progress it further for the benefit of the two peoples, the ministry of external affairs said in a statement.
;;0.4939;;external affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had visited nepal before oli took office to congratulate him for the victory of the left alliance in the parliamentary and provincial elections.
;;0.0;;express photonineteen-year-old mashal maheshwari, who moved to jaipur from hyderabad in pakistans sindh province two years ago, has been offered a medical seat in karnataka after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs intervention.
;;0.765;;after knowing mashals story, swaraj reached out to her and assured her that she would help her realise her dream.
;;0.0;;i will personally take up your case for admission in a medical college, swaraj had tweeted on sunday.
;;0.0;;on monday, swaraj had again tweeted, mashal  i am watching you on cnn news.
;;0.0;;subsequently, in a telephonic conversation, swaraj sought mashals certificates over email and offered her a seat in karnataka.
;;0.7184;;we will make sure that the informal summit (between pm modi and president jinping) will be a complete success and a milestone in china-india relations, wang yi said while addressing a joint presser with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in beijing.
;;0.0;;swaraj, meanwhile, stated that the meeting will bolster the bilateral relationship between the asian giants.
;;0.2263;;the informal summit will be an important occasion for them to exchange views on bilateral and international matters from an over-arching and long-term perspective with the objective of enhancing mutual communication at the level of leaders, the external affairs minister said.
;;0.5574;;twitter.com/f1noz4yfjv  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) april 22, 2018read | sushmaswaraj swaraj in china: pm modis call to xi spurred positive momentum for dialogue, says wang yiswaraj will take part in the two-day meeting of foreign ministers of the eight-nation shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) starting tomorrow.
;;0.7269;;while addressing the joint presser, swaraj conveyed appreciation to the chinese side for their confirmation on resumption of data sharing on brahmaputra and sutlej rivers in 2018.
;;-0.3182;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to the victims father and inquired about his health.
;;-0.1779;;in panchkula,bjp district unit workers gathered at the dcs office to protest against the arrest of party leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj,arun jaitly and ananth kumar.
;;0.4019;;on her own, sikki reddy asked for help from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.3612;;however, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is likely to skip the meet on health grounds, union minister of state for petroleum and natural gas dharmendra pradhan said.
;;0.0;;sushmaji will not be able to attend the national executive meeting on health grounds.
;;0.0258;;two pakistani hindu refugee cousins have sought help from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj after the ignou denied them admission for the want of students visa.
;;0.0;;kawesh kumar and wikeesh kumar had approached civil rights group social jurist following cancellation of their application by the ignou, which in turn tweeted to swaraj seeking her intervention.
;;-0.5106;;(express photo by ravi kanojia)kerala cm oommen chandy friday called the bjp governments decision to merge the overseas indian affairs ministry with the external affairs ministry an insult to the whole nri community and wrote to pm narendra modi voicing his objection to the move.
;;0.0;;chandy also met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and conveyed his views.
;;0.09;;he said the external affairs ministry may be able to intervene in issues effectively, but given the size of the expat community, there is a chance that a ministry that has to deal with foreign policy challenges will not even get to know about a problem that crops up.
;;-0.3804;;i am really shocked to hear the news about the abrupt decision to merge the overseas indian affairs ministry with the external affairs ministry without any consultation or proper analysis.
;;0.4215;;he said the ministry of overseas indian affairs had taken proactive measures for indians abroad.
;;0.6597;;the decision of the government of india to merge the ministry of overseas indian affairs with the ministry of external affairs will adversely affect the interest of the overseas indians i request you to kindly reconsider this and withdraw the decision, he said.
;;0.2023;;with the us ending sanctions exemption to india for importing iran oil after may 1, iranian foreign minister mohammad javad zarif is reaching india late monday night and will meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tuesday.
;;0.0;;according to the ministry of external affairs, zarif is scheduled to meet swaraj tuesday morning.
;;0.2732;;sources said that zarif is going to brief swaraj on the impact of the withdrawal of the joint comprehensive plan of action (jcpoa), and its short-term and long-term consequences.
;;0.7964;;the official spokesperson for ministry of external affairs, raveesh kumar, had said the government will continue to work with partner nations, including with the us, to find all possible ways to protect indias energy and economic security interests.
;;0.4019;;there is a powerful symbolism, too, about the country getting only its second woman defence minister and in sitharaman now taking her place in the overwhelmingly male environs of the ccs along with her colleague sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.1531;;with the modi government in its fourth year, the elevation of the minister for minority affairs, mukhtar abbas naqvi, to cabinet rank is significant, too  what he does with his enhanced stature will be carefully watched, given that an abiding criticism of the modi government so far has been its perceived encouragement of a majoritarian culture and inattention to minority insecurities and concerns.
;;-0.7096;;in retaliation to the judgment, india issued a strongly-worded demarche to pakistan saying if it goes ahead with the execution it will be termed as premeditated murder, with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj adding that the verdict could adversely impact relations between the two nations.
;;0.9337;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is known to be active on twitter and swift in offering help to indians abroad (express photo/prem nath pandey/file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is known to be active on twitter and swift in offering help to indians abroad (express photo/prem nath pandey/file)a man in the philippines who sought help from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday changed his profile details after the minister called him out for referring to jammu and kashmir as indian-occupied kashmir.
;;0.6597;;swaraj responded to the user, if you are from j&k state, we will definitely help you.
;;-0.5267;;in several instances in the past, the external affairs minister has used the social media platform to connect those in distress with the appropriate authorities.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, meanwhile, met home minister rajnath singh monday afternoon  a meeting described by officials as routine.
;;-0.4767;;sources told the indian express that if the situation worsens, both ministers of state in the ministry of external affairs, general (retired) v k singh and m j akbar, could be despatched with the interlocutors to these countries.
;;0.3612;;hours after the diplomatic row broke out, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj underlined delhis non-interfering position and played down its impact on india, saying that india has good ties with all regional rivals, saudi arabia and iran.
;;-0.1531;;the external affairs minister has already tasked all indian ambassadors in the region to get a sense of how many indians may be affected and stranded due to the current diplomatic standoff in the region.
;;0.0;;in that context a new people-to-people mechanism will be set up, headed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the indian side and by state councillor and foreign minister wang yi.
;;-0.6369;;the attack prompted external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to issue an appeal on twitter for all indians in such danger zones to please come back to india.
;;-0.9231;;earlier, swaraj tweeted: yemen  four indian nurses have been killed in a terrorist attack today.
;;-0.6486;;on entering, they shot dead the gatekeeper and started shooting randomly at the inmates, indian officials informed the ministry of external affairs (mea).
;;0.128;;the book was launched by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and minister for human resource development prakash javadekar in english, and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath in hindi.
;;0.0;;us secretary of state john kerry with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by renuka puri) us secretary of state john kerry with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;the indian express has learnt that us secretary of state john kerry has had two conversations over the last two days with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on this issue.
;;0.4215;;swaraj was in new york for the united nations general assembly where she made a speech monday, targeting pakistan.
;;-0.2748;;watch video: uri attack: john kerry spoke to sushmaswaraj swaraj twice over 2 dayswhile the us is watching the diplomatic, political and economic responses by new delhi very carefully, sources said there is appreciation that the indian side has acted with a lot of restraint following the uri attack.
;;0.4939;;indian high commissioner to pakistan ajay bisaria said all care would be taken to repatriate jetindaera back to amritsar, from where officials of the ministry of external affairs and the punjab government will send him home.
;;0.4939;;indian high commissioner to pakistan ajay bisaria said all care would be taken to repatriate jetindaera back to amritsar, from where officials of the ministry of external affairs and the punjab government will send him home.
;;0.4939;;indian high commissioner to pakistan ajay bisaria said all care would be taken to repatriate jetindaera back to amritsar, from where officials of the ministry of external affairs and the punjab government will send him home.
;;0.2732;;desai then sent a request to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj as well as foreign secretary vijay gokhale, coordinating all the while with seoni sp tarun nayak, to expedite the youths return.
;;0.7096;;b'an indian family living in us, whose two-and-a-half-month-old baby was put in foster care after he sustained head injuries, has appealed to the ministry of external affairs to help get him back.
;;0.0;;in a letter to foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, ashish, a project manager with tata consultancy services said he had travelled to usa on august 10, 2015.
;;0.4939;;rogozin had co-chaired an inter-governmental commission meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj where the two sides agreed to take forward collaborative projects in a range of sectors, including nuclear energy, and joint projects in third countries.
;;0.8176;;embarking on a reset of its relationship with beijing in the run-up to the meeting in june between prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping on the margins of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) meeting  this includes tamping down of its public affection for the dalai lama as well as visits to beijing by defence minister nirmala sitharaman and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in the coming weeks  it is clear that delhi expects beijing to reciprocate.
;;0.0;;minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj speaking in lok sabha in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo/tv grab) minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj speaking in lok sabha in new delhi on tuesday.
;;-0.4588;;(pti photo/tv grab)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday issued a statement in both houses of parliament regarding the death sentence awarded to kulbhushan jadhav by a pakistani military court over alleged charges of spying.
;;-0.8472;;swaraj warned the pakistani government that if the death sentence is carried out by them, it will be regarded as an act of pre-meditated murder and if they proceed on this matter there could well be consequences to the bilateral relations between the neighbouring countries.
;;0.0;;following is the text of the external affairs ministers statement in rajya sabha:honble deputy chairman sir,1.
;;0.0;;swaraj,who was part of the three-member panel headed by prime minister manmohan singh,had opposed the appointment of thomas as cvc and had given a dissent note.
;;0.0258;;twitter.com/pan6v5ac3l  ani up (@aninewsup) march 28, 2017meanwhile, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also took cognizance of the matter and spoke to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;0.0772;;he has assured that there will be a fair and impartial investigation into this unfortunate incident, sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted.
;;-0.5267;;sushma swaraj spoke to adityanath on tuesday morning after an african student, sadiq bello, tweeted her to act fast as living in noida, he said, was becoming a life threatening issue for africans.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.6705;;(file)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will pay a two-day visit to myanmar from may 10 during which key bilateral and regional issues, including the situation in the rakhine state from where thousands of rohingya muslims had fled following violence last year, are likely to be discussed.
;;0.4404;;swaraj would hold talks with the top leadership of myanmar and both sides are expected to ink several key agreements covering diverse aspects of the bilateral relationship, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
;;0.25;;the external affairs minister will hold discussion with myanmerese leadership on various bilateral, regional and multilateral issues of mutual interests, he told reporters without elaborating.
;;0.2732;;the issue of cross border activities by certain insurgent groups may figure during talks between swaraj and the myanmerese leaders.
;;-0.5859;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday asked the indian high commissioner in nigeria to take the abduction of five indian sailors by pirates in the african nation two weeks ago, at the highest level.
;;-0.5859;;advertisingi have seen news reports about abduction of five indian sailors by pirates in nigeria, tweeted swaraj on monday.
;;0.4404;;@india_nigeria  chowkidar sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 7, 2019on april 30, in a tweet addressed to baijayant panda, bjps vice-president ,bhagyashree das, wife of one of the abducted sailor sudeep kumar choudhury, wrote, sir plz help us to save my husband, sudeep kumar choudhury 3rd officer merchant navy, who has been kidnapped along with 4 other indians from vessel, mt apecus(imo 733810) anchored off lagos, nigeria on 19.
;;0.6486;;soon after arvind kejriwal alleged that gadkari had acquired large tracts of farm land in maharashtra through improper means,bjp leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley came out in strong defence of the party chief,saying the charges were false and baselss.
;;0.0;;b'sushma swaraj embarks a train journey from pentrich station to pietermaritzburg.
;;0.0;;(source: mea/twitter) sushmaswaraj swaraj embarks a train journey from pentrich station to pietermaritzburg.
;;0.0;;(source: mea/twitter)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today undertook a train journey from pentrich to pietermaritzburg, a railway station where a young mahatma gandhi was thrown out of a whites-only compartment, an incident that acted as a catalyst for him to practice satyagraha.
;;0.0;;swaraj, who is in south africa on a five-day visit, yesterday planted a sapling in the phoenix settlement where mahatma gandhi had developed his philosophy of non-violence during his stay in south africa.
;;0.0;;eam @sushmaswaraj embarks a train journey from pentrich station to pietermaritzburg, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
;;0.0;;external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(file photo) external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.5994;;taking a tough stance on ties with pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said talks and terror cannot go together while articulating strategy of india which was based on three pillars in dealing with that country.
;;0.5967;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visit them and assure that they would not be attacked by sri lankan naval men while fishing in their traditional areas in the palk strait.
;;0.5967;;(file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visit them and assure that they would not be attacked by sri lankan naval men while fishing in their traditional areas in the palk strait.
;;0.2686;;hardening their stand, the protesters on thursday demanded that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visit them and assure that they would not be attacked by sri lankan naval men while fishing in their traditional areas in the palk strait.
;;0.0258;;local fishermen association leaders, including s emiret and n j bose, said they would boycott fishing till swaraj visited rameswaram and extended the assurance.
;;-0.5859;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajunder fire from the family of an indian patient, who was to be airlifted from bangkok to delhi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj wednesday lamented that she wished she had enough funds to airlift all indian patients from overseas.
;;-0.5096;;while she did not assure any support, swaraj tweeted, i receive many requests for air ambulance from indian abroad.
;;0.0;;gitika had even tweeted to swaraj in february, but did not hear from her.
;;0.1779;;kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan (file photo) kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan (file photo)in the wake of deepening gulf crisis that could have potential repercussions on indian expatriates, kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan on monday wrote to prime ministers office and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, highlighting the states concern regarding the safety and future of their employment and engagement in qatar.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajindian foreign policy on a political solution to the ethnic conflict in sri lanka has been consistent for close to three decades.
;;0.4588;;will external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, visiting sri lanka this week, break indias silence and welcome the possibility of a constitutional transformation?
;;0.34;;the issue of bringing back the famed kohinoor diamond from britain was on friday discussed at a meeting attended by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and culture minister mahesh sharma.
;;0.3612;;in may, sharma had told parliament that ministry of external affairs is exploring ways and means for obtaining a satisfactory resolution to this issue with the uk government.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(ap photo/manish swarup) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.7717;;(ap photo/manish swarup)it has arrived finally, the moment of reckoning for the ministry of external affairs, as fate sheds its veils on 39 indians abducted by the islamic state (is) terror organisation in or around mosul, in iraq, in june 2014.
;;0.3818;;after being repeatedly told by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj over the last three years that six separate sources had told her and her officers that the 39 men were alive, that the is was shuffling them around, that they had been spotted working on a construction site, or being used as bonded labour, it is now the turn of the family members of the 39 men to press for india to act on that information.
;;-0.296;;the families began calling the ministry of external affairs to find out if the missing men had been found.
;;-0.4215;;it is unfortunate that swaraj, who has commendably done more than any other foreign minister before her to help indians in distress abroad, continued for so long to convey the opposite impression.
;;0.5106;;if there is one thing all the families have in common, it is their trust and belief in the external affairs minister.
;;0.0;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj speaks in the lok sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;pti photo / tv grab new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj speaks in the lok sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
;;-0.7845;;pti photo / tv grabexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj downplayed reports of seeking assistance of congress leader and mp shashi tharoor for drafting a resolution in the parliament condemning death penalty handed down to kulbhushan jadhav by a pakistan military court on monday.
;;-0.4019;;swaraj took to twitter to refute the reports saying there was no dearth of talent in her ministry.
;;-0.4019;;in her response to an english news channel, sushmaswaraj tweeted: there is no dearth of talent in my ministry.
;;-0.0772;;watch video | after sushmaswaraj swaraj, economic affairs secretary slams amazon for selling indian flag doormatsafter the indian flag incident, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had received several complaints of amazon selling flip-flops with mahatma gandhis image.
;;-0.0258;;some twitter users have tagged swaraj in their tweets complaining that the beach sandals with gandhis image were being sold on the amazon us site.
;;0.8074;;when asked, ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup did not specifically mention the issue, saying, as a follow up to the matter regarding the sale of doormats with the indian flag on amazon, our ambassador in washington has been instructed to convey to amazon that while providing a platform for third party vendors, they should respect indian sensitivities and sentiments.
;;0.6249;;union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj monday thanked deputy chief minister manish sisodia on twitter for helping a girl, who came to india from pakistan in 2014, get admission to a government school.
;;0.8481;;swaraj, who also posted sisodias letter to the delhi department directing it to take necessary steps to help the 16-year-old, tweeted, thank you @msisodia ji for this kind gesture.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also said india will not sign the nuclear non-proliferation treaty, adding that new delhi had managed to get waiver in 2008 without signing the treaty.
;;-0.128;;swaraj also scoffed at suggestions by supriya sule (ncp) that the denial of nsg membership to india was a huge diplomatic snub as it came after prime minister narendra modis visit to mexico and switzerland.
;;0.4588;;swaraj also credited the previous upa government for getting the waiver and said while the upa government followed the commitments, the present government is following the same since it came to power in 2014.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(express photo by amit mehra) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.6486;;(express photo by amit mehra)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will visit israel and palestine on january 17-18 to strengthen indias engagement with the two countries and to pave the way for prime minister narendra modis visit later this year.
;;0.1531;;after her engagements in palestine on january 17, swaraj will go to israel the same day for a two-day visit, during which she will hold discussions with the israeli leadership and review the gamut of india-israel relations that is on an upswing.
;;0.3612;;in tel aviv, swaraj will have meetings with president reuven rivlin, pm benjamin netanyahu as well as minister of defence moshe yaalon and minister of national infrastructure yuval steinitz.
;;0.0;;b'new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at a press conference in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at a press conference in new delhi on sunday.
;;-0.9674;;(source: pti)exuding confidence that the comprehensive convention on international terrorism (ccit) would be approved very soon, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday said one must not distinguish between good terrorists and bad terrorists, adding india has put forth its concerns to china which had blocked a ban on jaish-e-muhammad chief masood azhar in the un, preventing him from being put on the un terror list.
;;0.1531;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday agreed to a demand by chief minister amarinder singh for opening up another passport office in punjab to facilitate nris, the state government said on friday.
;;0.3612;;during a meeting with singh, swaraj also assured to look into the issue of blacklisted sikhs settled abroad.
;;0.0;;the issues came up for discussion when amarinder called on swaraj in new delhi to inquire about her health after her recent kidney transplant.
;;0.8957;;during the brief courtesy call, swaraj, in response to the chief ministers concern on the issue, also promised all possible efforts by the central government to ensure the safety and security of punjabis and sikhs living abroad.
;;-0.872;;the matter of racist attacks on punjabis and sikhs settled in various countries also came up during discussions, with amarinder urging swaraj to take up the matter at the international level to protect victims of such assaults.
;;0.6705;;the chief minister, at his meeting with the external affairs minister, underlined the importance of such groups in the broader national interest.
;;-0.0258;;apna ghar case: nine people, including jaswanti devi, her daughter sushmaswaraj alias simmi, son-in-law jai bhagwan, brother jaswant, cousin sheela, acquaintance roshni, driver satish, employee ram prakash saini and counsellor veena were held guilty by a special cbi court on april 18.
;;-0.0258;;apna ghar case: nine people, including jaswanti devi, her daughter sushmaswaraj alias simmi, son-in-law jai bhagwan, brother jaswant, cousin sheela, acquaintance roshni, driver satish, employee ram prakash saini and counsellor veena were held guilty by a special cbi court on april 18.
;;-0.0258;;nine people, including jaswanti devi, her daughter sushmaswaraj alias simmi, son-in-law jai bhagwan, brother jaswant, cousin sheela, acquaintance roshni, driver satish, employee ram prakash saini and counsellor veena were held guilty by a special cbi court on april 18.
;;0.0772;;reversal of fortuneswith sushmaswaraj swaraj, maneka gandhi, uma bharti, smriti irani, nirmala sitharaman and harsimrat kaur, the modi government has set a record for the largest number of women in the cabinet.
;;-0.2023;;despite her efforts, swaraj has been unable to stall the rapid rise of sitharaman and irani.
;;0.6249;;swaraj was also uncomfortable with irani, who shares a similar bharatiya nari image, becoming a popular campaigner for the party.
;;0.0516;;her elevation as defence minister last week puts her a notch above irani, now handling i&b and textiles, and almost, but not quite, on a par with swaraj.
;;-0.34;;he said he would participate in the meeting convened in delhi by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on may 8 to discuss the issues on the frequent arrest of indian fishermen by the sri lanka navy and also alleged confiscation of the boats.
;;0.34;;the chief minister said he would seek the external affairs ministers intervention to secure the release of the fishermen and their fishing boats.
;;0.0;;external affairs miniter sushmaswaraj swaraj with his majesty the king of saudi arabia salman bin abdulaziz al saud earlier this week.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/@meaindia) external affairs miniter sushmaswaraj swaraj with his majesty the king of saudi arabia salman bin abdulaziz al saud earlier this week.
;;0.4215;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visited saudi arabia this week and prime minister narendra modi is traveling to palestine, oman and the united arab emirates.
;;-0.5727;;navigating the multiple internal contradictions of the middle east has never been easy for external powers.
;;0.4939;;sajjan will have wide-ranging talks with defence minister arun jaitley and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on a range of bilateral issues, particularly on ramping up defence and security ties.
;;0.5574;;prime minister modi, for instance, gave rs 40 lakh from his mplad fund for 900 benches at railway stations like kashi and varanasi in his constituency, while union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has committed rs 25 lakh in her vidisha constituency.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted sunday that the indian consulate here has spoken to the father of the deceased in massachusetts.
;;-0.5994;;co/6xvxcgmztx  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 5, 2017sources here said the cause of the death was still unknown and the medical examiners office was investigating the incident which took place in jersey city.
;;-0.25;;however, it is unclear whether pakistan will send prime ministers adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz or downgrade its participation at the conference.
;;0.0;;pakistan hosted the last ministerial conference in december last year which was also attended by indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.0258;;(source: express photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday asked indian embassy in riyadh to keep her informed about the case of a 32-year-old man from hyderabad being sentenced to one years imprisonment and 300 lashes by a saudi court after being convicted in a robbery case.
;;0.0;;our embassy is doing everything, swaraj replied to the tweet.
;;-0.34;;(file photo)reacting to the recent kansas shooting incident in which an indian engineer srinivas kuchibhotla was killed and the attacks on indian people in foreign countries, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told lok sabha that safety and security of indians is the governments top most priority.
;;0.7425;;in lok sabha, swaraj also quoted the letter of srinivas kuchibhotlas wife to indian ambassador to the us in which she had written, all help extended to me in time is deeply appreciated.
;;0.5423;;to a question about external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs statement that pakistan cannot take kashmir issue to the international court of justice (icj), he said pakistan was a sovereign country and reserves the right to take up any matter at any forum it deemed appropriate.
;;-0.1027;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told a church delegation saturday that christian priest father tom uzhunnalil, who was reportedly abducted by the islamic state in yemen, is safe.
;;-0.802;;the church delegation, which met swaraj on saturday afternoon, expressed deep concern and distress over the fate of uzhunnalil, whose whereabouts are not known even 29 days after his abduction.
;;0.8074;;swaraj has categorically assured the delegation that uzhunnalil is safe and that the government is adopting all possible means for his quick and safe release.
;;-0.3182;;the press note issued by monsignor joseph chinnayyan, deputy secretary general, cbci said swaraj shared with the delegation the strenuous effort taken by the external affairs ministry, and personally by her, to procure a safe passage for sister rema, the only surviving nun from the terrorist attack in yemen.
;;-0.25;;singh spoke via video conference from the national capital after a private jet carrying him,sushma swaraj and arun jaitley on their way to address a rally here to kick-offpartys campaign for may 5 elections,landed under emergencyconditions at delhi airport with the trip being cancelled.
;;0.8402;;twitter.com/exji4elqih  narendra modi (@narendramodi) march 25, 2018of course, international yoga day, which mr modi has promoted enthusiastically since he came to power, is round the corner  and this fourth year, we hear that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sent a list of 20 shlokas to all indian embassies and high commissions all over the world to promote, along with yoga.
;;-0.1531;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by prem nath pandey) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by prem nath pandey)foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced today on twitter that the indian embassy in libya has secured the release of regi joseph, a techie who was abducted in the strife-torn country earlier this year.
;;-0.34;;in april, swaraj confirmed josephs abduction and added that the indian government was making all efforts to secure his release.
;;0.0;;he said the helicopter and the tanks were part of gifts given by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during her bangladesh visit last year.
;;0.4215;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj addresses the united nations general assembly high level meeting to launch the global pact for the environment, tuesday sept.
;;0.4215;;(ap photo/bebeto matthews) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj addresses the united nations general assembly high level meeting to launch the global pact for the environment, tuesday sept.
;;0.296;;timelineoctober 2016: doctors in mumbai started studying emans medical condition after her sister shaimaa approached them for treatmentdecember 2016: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj aided in facilitating medical visa for eman to visit indiafebruary 10: eman was placed in a special bed crafted by egyptian artisans, lifted using a crane and placed in special cargo planefebruary 11: eman arrived in mumbai at 4 am and reached saifee hospital in an hour and half truck rideby february end: eman had lost over 50 kgsby march 7: she had lost over 120 kgs.
;;0.0;;this is not the way civilised nations behave, bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj wrote on microblogging site twitter.
;;0.0772;;earlier in the day, pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif and army chief general qamar javed bajwa discussed the icj letter to pakistan while sartaj aziz, advisor to the prime minister on foreign affairs, said they were analysing the indian petition and the icjs authority in the case.
;;0.8481;;new delhi said it had taken the decision to approach the icj after careful deliberation to save the life and ensure justice to a son of india  a phrase used by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj after jadhavs sentencing was announced.
;;0.0;;gopal baglay, spokesperson for the ministry of external affairs, said the issue of jurisdiction is for the icj to decide, and cannot be decided by anyone else.
;;0.0;;baglay said swaraj had written to sartaj aziz on april 27, requesting visa for jadhavs family.
;;-0.5574;;the first international yoga day was commemorated at the un with aplomb last year, with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj leading the celebrations along with un secretary general ban ki-moon, spiritual guru sri sri ravi shankar and us congresswoman tulsi gabbard.
;;-0.1285;;last month, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that every attack on indian nationals in the united states should not be considered a hate crime after concerns were raised regarding the rising number of such incidents.
;;-0.7096;;the incident evoked outrage in the us and india with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj expressing shock over the incident.
;;-0.5994;;the death of 39 indians, confirmed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in the lok sabha, tuesday, got times now and news x stiff with self-righteousness.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said the government would make all efforts to persuade the trump administration against such a move.
;;0.0;;(express photo by prem nath pandey) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said the government would make all efforts to persuade the trump administration against such a move.
;;0.1027;;(express photo by prem nath pandey)amid the us plan to scrap a rule allowing spouses of h-1b visa holders to work legally in the country, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said the government would make all efforts to persuade the trump administration against such a move.
;;0.0;;it was also alleged that he was appointed against the procedure despite opposition from leader of the opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj who was part of a three-member committee also comprising prime minister manmohan singh and home minister p chidambaram.
;;-0.6705;;on sunday, minister of state for external affairs v k singh left for iraq to bring back the mortal remains of those killed.
;;-0.7269;;read | remains of indians killed in mosul kept in baghdad freezerearlier this month, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had told parliament that as many as 40 indians were abducted by terror group is from mosul in iraq in june 2014, but one of them, harjit masih, escaped by posing as a bangladeshi muslim.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said they would try to understand their experience during their stay here, quality of life abroad and reasons behind their decision to move outside india.
;;0.0;;(file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said they would try to understand their experience during their stay here, quality of life abroad and reasons behind their decision to move outside india.
;;0.7906;;(file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday announced that the pravasi bharatiya divas will now be celebrated every alternate year and a series of sessions will be held before the event to increase the understanding and bring in an alignment in the interests of the indians living within and outside the country, according to ani.
;;0.1531;;she also said that there will be some theme-based sessions conducted in which the ministry of external affairs will invite about 12 people, including both the nationals and the non-resident indians.
;;0.0;;the external affairs minister also said they would try to understand their experience during their stay here, quality of life abroad and reasons behind their decision to move outside india.
;;0.3182;;swaraj also highlighted her efforts to ensure relief to indians who are living in distress in any corner of the world.
;;0.0;;she was accompanied by ministers of state for external affairs mj akbar and vk singh.
;;0.0;;swaraj also talked about the raahat operation, wherein 5,000 people, including over 1,000 foreigners were evacuated from yemen in 2015, according to ani.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to her american counterpart, secretary of state rex tillerson.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to her american counterpart, secretary of state rex tillerson.
;;-0.6124;;hours after a 39-year-old sikh man was injured in a shooting incident in kent city, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday spoke to the victims father and inquired about his health.
;;-0.5994;;(express photo by tashi tobgyal) mea sushmaswaraj swaraj addressing the press over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
;;0.8047;;* july 25, 2014: minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swarajs response to points raised in a calling attention motion in the lok sabha on indians stranded in iraq and steps taken by the government was: as far as 41 captives are concerned, then i could say that we do not have direct contact with them, but i could say on the basis of some other sources that they are safe and alive and are also getting regular meals.
;;0.6486;;(express photo)* july 22, 2015: union minister of state for external affairs v k singh said, in response to an unstarred question in lok sabha, the safety and security of indian nationals held captive by the isis in mosul, iraq, remain a matter of foremost concern and preoccupation for the government of india.
;;0.7717;;among the steps taken to secure their release, swaraj had personally spoken to her counterpart foreign ministers in the gulf cooperation council (gcc) as well as other friendly countries in the region for assistance in locating indian nationals held captive in iraq.
;;-0.1027;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj held a high-level meeting on july 29 to discuss the problem with various stakeholders and find a permanent solution.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4215;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will address the 71st session of the united nations general assembly (unga) on september 26 in new york.
;;0.0;;this years general debate will open on september 20 and will run through to september 26, when swaraj will address the annual high-level debate.
;;0.4939;;(external affairs minister) sushmaswaraj swaraj worked day and night to get them backand we could save them.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4215;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has announced the release of five indians from kerala who were jailed in togo, and appreciated the indian mission in accra and consulate in togo for their support.
;;-0.6124;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 1, 2017the five indians, who are employees of a merchant navy firm, were in jail since 2013 for their suspected involvement in a piracy attack off the coast of togo.
;;0.5106;;the external affairs minister has in the past been appreciated for her timely interventions and speedy responses on social media, making her one of the most followed politicians on twitter.
;;-0.8555;;so, after the initial furore over the terror attack would die down and pakistan showed some concrete action against the pathankot planners and plotters, it was expected that the two sides would convene the meeting of the foreign secretaries and move forward on the comprehensive bilateral dialogue process  which was announced by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in early december on the sidelines of the heart of asia conference in islamabad.
;;0.6249;;the announcement comes a day after sena patriarch bal thackeray said senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj was a great choice for the pms post.
;;0.6652;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj wanted to make a statement in the lok sabha on the deaths of the 39 indians missing in iraqs mosul, but the congress party (members) created noise, not allowing her to speak, badal said.
;;-0.4939;;b'senior bjp leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj,arun jaitley and anant kumar were today released from custody by the jammu and kashmir authorities after which they launched an attack on the state government for stopping their yatra to unfurl the national flag in srinagar.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, in a strongly-worded demarche on thursday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the move will further deteriorate bilateral ties between the two nations.
;;-0.1779;;b'from left: chinese foreign minister wang yi, russia foreign minister sergey lavrov and indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shake hands after a meeting in moscow, russia, monday, april 18, 2016.
;;-0.1779;;(source: ap) from left: chinese foreign minister wang yi, russia foreign minister sergey lavrov and indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shake hands after a meeting in moscow, russia, monday, april 18, 2016.
;;-0.1027;;(source: ap)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj may have been applauded by many indians for her impassioned speech on monday, warning against chinas obstruction of efforts to have jaish-e-mohammed chief masood azhar designated a terrorist by the united nations security councils 1267 committee.
;;-0.743;;if we continue to adopt double standards in dealing with terrorism, swaraj warned, it will have serious consequences.
;;-0.7269;;bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina wanted me to convey condolences to our prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and she said that we will be resolute in the fight against terrorism, he added.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(express file photo by prem nath pandey) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(express file photo by prem nath pandey)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is leading a 12-member delegation that is in rome to attend the canonisation ceremony of mother teresa, on saturday met indian diaspora and talked about various welfare efforts of the government for community members abroad.
;;0.0;;swaraj met the indian diaspora at a reception hosted by indias ambassador to italy anil wadhwa.
;;-0.5267;;the external affairs minister mentioned welfare efforts for diaspora, assisting indians in distress and the evacuations the government has conducted, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
;;0.0;;secretary (west) in the ministry of external affairs sujata mehta is also part of the delegation.
;;-0.3182;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday spoke to the victims father and inquired about his health.
;;0.1901;;b'related news 20 indian sailors rescued from nigerian pirate attack: shipping minat least 10 indian sailors have been rescued from pirates in ivory coast, a week after their ship was hijacked off the coast of the west african nation, but one more indian and a pakistani crew member remain captive, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on sunday.
;;0.0;;(source: ani photo)the ministry of external affairs on wednesday said prime minister narendra modi can meet chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in astana in kazakhstan.
;;0.0772;;speaking on the possibility of meeting between modi and pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif at the summit, baglay said, like external affairs minister (eam) sushmaswaraj swaraj said, there is no meet scheduled as of now between pm modi and pm sharif.
;;0.2023;;earlier in the day, modi met top cabinet ministers including sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajnath singh and nitin gadkari.
;;0.4019;;he had sought external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs help to seek treatment of his son in a hospital in belgium.
;;0.0;;before the talks between the pms, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on oli.
;;0.4019;;b'myanmar state counsellor and foreign minister aung san suu kyi has expressed her desire to visit india during a meeting with minister of state for external affairs v.k. singh.
;;0.4019;;(ap photo/aung shine oo) myanmar state counsellor and foreign minister aung san suu kyi has expressed her desire to visit india during a meeting with minister of state for external affairs v.k. singh.
;;0.4019;;(ap photo/aung shine oo)myanmar state counsellor and foreign minister aung san suu kyi has expressed her desire to visit india during a meeting with minister of state for external affairs v.k. singh.
;;0.0;;aung san suu kyi enquired about eams (external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs) health and mentioned that she is looking forward to visiting india, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said in his weekly media briefing on thursday.
;;0.0;;i have requested the external affairs minister to take it up with her pakistani counterpart on humanitarian ground and expedite the process to getting the body to india, he said.
;;0.0;;i have requested the external affairs minister to take it up with her pakistani counterpart on humanitarian ground and expedite the process to getting the body to india, he said.
;;-0.5574;;rajya sabha mp parimal nathwani has written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to take up with her pakistani counterpart the issue of expediting the process of bringing home the body of a fisherman from gujarat, who died in a jail in the neighbouring country.
;;0.0;;i have requested the external affairs minister to take it up with her pakistani counterpart on humanitarian ground and expedite the process to getting the body to india, he said.
;;-0.8074;;nepals ministry of foreign affairs, in a statement last night, condemned the killing of nepali national govinda gautam due to firing opened by the indian security forces at the nepal-india border near anandabazar in kanchanpur district.
;;0.0258;;deputy prime minister and home minister bimalendra nidhi has also telephoned external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and raised the matter, media reports here said.
;;0.6808;;officials of two bordering districts of india and nepal met after the incident and agreed to maintain peace and order, external affairs ministry spokesperson gopal baglay said in new delhi.
;;0.4939;;(screenshot/amazon)two days after amazons canada portal pulled down the listing of doormats depicting the indian flag after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs strong objection, the online company has put up another listing of slippers with mahatma gandhis face printed on it.
;;0.6908;;watch video | after sushmaswaraj swaraj, economic affairs secretary slams amazon for selling indian flag doormatssushma swaraj had last week taken strong objection to amazon canada selling doormats depicting indian flag.
;;-0.7506;;read | tricolour doormats: no visas, sushmaswaraj swaraj warns amazonfollowing her sharp rebuke, amazon indias vice president and country manager amit agarwal wrote to swaraj expressing regret at hurting indian sensibilities.
;;-0.1884;;senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj welcomed agarwal on board but said his comment is not acceptable.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought a report from the indian high commission in pakistan about a man lodged in a jail there for the past 32 years.
;;0.0;;quoting a story published on a website, swaraj on wednesday tweeted, i have asked indian high commissioner in pakistan to send me a report on this.
;;-0.7184;;though external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj only reiterated on thursday that india had avoided civilian and military casualties during the balakote air strike across the line of control, pakistan sought to use her statement to propagate their version of the attack.
;;-0.8834;;advertisingwatch eam sushmaswaraj swaraj say, no pakistani soldier or citizen died during balakot air strikeon thursday, sushmaswaraj swaraj only reiterated indias position that the attack was carried out in self-defence and avoided civilian and military casualties.
;;0.2263;;meanwhile, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday, in a reply to trumps comment said that india signed the agreement with an objective to safeguard the environment and not because of any external pressure or greed.
;;0.0;;the bilateral meeting with president xi would take place on june 9, while meetings with other leaders on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in qingdao were being finalised, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said at a media briefing here.
;;0.0;;this was conveyed by chinese foreign minister wang yi to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during a meeting held on the sidelines of the brics foreign ministers meeting in south africa this week, he said.
;;0.25;;i take exception to the statement by sushmaswaraj swaraj that i had misled the selection committee and told the committee that thomas had been acquitted.
;;0.8225;;(more) pti issuing the rejoinder once again most reluctantly,chidambaram requested swaraj to respect the rule of sub-judice and allow the supreme court to decide the case.
;;0.0;;swaraj called it a lie and she had raised the issue and the committee discussed it.
;;-0.34;;minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swarajsending islamabad a tough message monday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj blamed pakistan for creating conditions unsuitable for any gesture by the prime minister or initiative by the indian government for resumption of the dialogue process.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj with chinese foreign minister wang yi at the diaoyutai state guest house in beijing, sunday.
;;0.0;;(reuters) sushmaswaraj swaraj with chinese foreign minister wang yi at the diaoyutai state guest house in beijing, sunday.
;;0.2023;;(reuters)the meetings of the defence and foreign ministers of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco), being attended by defence minister nirmala sitharaman and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, began on tuesday.
;;-0.5267;;reacting to the incident, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, i am sorry to know about the attack on deep rai, a us national of indian-origin.
;;0.6369;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (source: pti file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (source: pti file photo)ahead of the nsg plenary, india on monday asked countries friendly with china to convince it on the issue of allowing new delhi entry into the grouping based on credentials, even as beijing asserted that the membership bid has become more complicated.
;;0.9468;;and (it is being done) not only by us, but even nations friendly to us as well as enjoying good relations with china, who feel that india should get an nsg membership, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;0.0;;about the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) it is a new issue under the new circumstances and it is more complicated than the previously imagined, chinas assistant minister of foreign affairs li huilai told a media briefing in beijing.
;;-0.5994;;(express photo by tashi tobgyal) mea sushmaswaraj swaraj addressing the press over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
;;-0.7003;;(express photo by tashi tobgyal)as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced that the 39 indian men, missing in iraq since 2014, were dead, a 56-year-old resident of kharar recalled his narrow escape from the country the same year.
;;0.0;;speaker meira kumar and senior bjp leader lk advani listen to opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj on the last day of the winter session of the 15th lok sabha.
;;0.5719;;home minister and leader of the house sushil kumar shinde gave a portion of the credit for the creation of telangana to leader of opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4927;;now advaniji is the father of the house because he is the senior-most, acharia said, adding, sushmaji puts forth her views very effectively, we can call her the sister of the house.
;;0.0;;we used to come running to hear the speeches of sushmaji, which reflected the feelings of the nation and the people, he added.
;;0.7269;;he lauded kumar for effectively running the house, and told swaraj, aap ki baat mein mithaas hai, mithai khaane se bhi nahin milti hai (the sweetness of your words is sweeter than sweets).
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj rang mamata before her visit to bangladesh and gave the chief minister a detailed briefing.
;;0.0;;we are in touch with different people who are involved in the exercise through the afghan government, spokesperson in the ministry of external affairs (mea) raveesh kumar said.
;;0.6124;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had a telephonic conversation with her afghan counterpart salahuddin rabbani on sunday evening during which she had sought all possible help of kabul in securing the release the indians.
;;0.0;;watch video: whats making newsearlier on sunday, union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said that india was taking initiatives to conclude the deal.
;;0.0;;we had a discussion with west bengal earlier on this today, we told the chief minister about our discussion with sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.6597;;(source: file/reuters)pakistans interior minister on monday alleged that hindu extremist groups like rss and shiv sena are the biggest hurdle to normalisation of indo-pak ties as he asked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to name the forces which she said are against good bilateral relations.
;;-0.4363;;swaraj on sunday said pakistan has not refused to allow an nia team to visit that country to probe the pathankot airbase attack case and just sought more time.
;;0.0;;an official indian delegation led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is scheduled to attend mother teresas canonisation ceremony at the vatican on september 4.
;;0.4404;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had informed about their safe arrival on sunday on her twitter handle.
;;-0.296;;delhi: eam sushmaswaraj swaraj met the two sufi clerics, syed asif nizami and nazim ali nizami who had gone missing in pakistan.
;;0.4019;;swaraj had earlier spoke to pakistan pms adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz regarding the issue and sought his help in tracing the two.
;;-0.296;;xternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday asked indian nationals in turkey to avoid public places and stay indoors.
;;-0.296;;xternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday asked indian nationals in turkey to avoid public places and stay indoors.
;;-0.296;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday asked indian nationals in turkey to avoid public places and stay indoors.
;;0.0;;indian nationals should not travel to turkey until situation is normal there, tweeted swaraj.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said they were closely following the developments in turkey.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with nepals prime minister sher bahadur deuba at a meeting in kathmandu.
;;0.0;;pti photo / (mea twitter) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with nepals prime minister sher bahadur deuba at a meeting in kathmandu.
;;0.6124;;indias external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj apparently assured deuba during her recent visit that india was keen to finalise the dpr soon.
;;0.4404;;chinas vice premier, wang yang, who visited nepal shortly after swaraj, expressed the hope that china and nepal can work together.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also had a meeting with president quang on saturday.
;;-0.9382;;in march, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had told the rajya sabha that the 39 indians abducted in iraq in 2014 were killed by islamic state terrorists and buried in a mass grave in badush.
;;0.4019;;minister of state for external affairs v k singh brought back the mortal remains of the 38 indians from iraq in a special aircraft last month.
;;0.7717;;this government is led by prime minister narendra modi, home minister rajnath singh, finance minister (arun jaitley), external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, law minister ravi shankar prasad, all of whom fought the emergency for three freedoms: individual freedom, press freedom and independence of judiciary.
;;-0.6486;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajfollowing the killing of a tamil fisherman, allegedly by soldiers of the sri lankan navy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told parliament thursday the matter has been taken up at the highest level in the sri lanka government.
;;0.1027;;after india expressed its strong concerns, sri lanka denied the involvement of its navy, sushmaswaraj noted.
;;-0.7349;;b'indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (ap photo/seth wenig) indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (ap photo/seth wenig)on a day the indian envoy in bangladesh visited the ramakrishna mission in dhaka, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called the attacks on minorities in bangladesh very unfortunate but added that the bangladesh government was making all efforts to combat the situation.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj would lead a 12-member delegation for her canonisation ceremony at the vatican next month, he said.
;;0.0;;government will send a delegation led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on this occasion.
;;0.0;;cji t s thakur expressed his reservations over the clause in the revised draft memorandum of procedure (mop) when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who headed the group of ministers which drafted the mop, and law minister d v sadananda gowda met him at his residence on wednesday evening.
;;0.0;;gopal baglay, ministry of external affairs spokesperson.
;;0.0;;(source: ani) gopal baglay, ministry of external affairs spokesperson.
;;-0.4404;;in a statement to the media, the ministry of external affairs spokesperson gopal baglay, said, so far pakistan has denied all our requests for consular access.
;;-0.4019;;raising the issue in the rajya sabha on wednesday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said if pakistan goes ahead with the sentence then it would severely impact bilateral relations between the two countries.
;;0.34;;from india, a 12-member central delegation led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and two state government-level delegations from delhi and west bengal led by chief ministers arvind kejriwal and mamata banerjee, respectively, will be in attendance during the function.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.6808;;in a statement, the party said that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman visited china for bilateral meetings with their counterparts but did not raise the two issues while accusing the modi government of compromising countrys security and national interests.
;;0.5719;;read | sheila dikshit, the leader whose delhi success congress wants to project in upwatch video: whats making newssushma swaraj also had a brief stint as chief minister of delhi, becoming the first female leader in the ut to assume the role.
;;0.0;;before becoming chief minister, swaraj previously served as education minister for three years in haryana under the coalition government of bjp-lok dal.
;;0.6908;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also congratulated sindhu for assuring india a second medal.
;;-0.5423;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (source: pti) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (source: pti)taking a stern view of the bad shape of the passport office in bengaluru, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today directed officials to conduct random checks of such buildings and lease new office spaces.
;;-0.3412;;the external affairs minister instructed the officers to do random checking on passport buildings which were not in good shape.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with family members of 39 persons captured by isis in mosul.
;;0.0;;(photo-ani) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with family members of 39 persons captured by isis in mosul.
;;0.3818;;(photo-ani)the 39 indians taken hostage by isis more than one-and-a-half-years ago from mosul in iraq were alive, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told their families in delhi on sunday, based on her recent meetings with arab and palestinian leaders who indicated to this effect.
;;0.5046;;swaraj, who had sought a meeting with the families, which is the ninth since the abduction of these indians in june 2014, also assured them that the government was fully and continuously engaged and every possible effort was being made to ensure their release.
;;0.0;;swaraj had travelled to palestine and israel on january 17 and 18.
;;0.4404;;he also thanked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and congratulated advocate harish salve, who represented india at the hague, reported news agency pti.
;;0.0258;;this is a result of tireless efforts of our mea smt sushmaswaraj swaraj and her team, that handled the matter proactively.
;;0.802;;sushma swaraj, minister of external affairs: the icj order has come as a great relief to the familly of kulbhushan jadhav and people of india.
;;0.4939;;mukul rohatgi, attorney general: indian stand is victorious, congratulate all concerned persons, especially the external affairs ministry.
;;0.3818;;b'indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced that the 39 indians kidnapped by isis in iraq are still alive.
;;0.3818;;(ap photo/seth wenig) indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced that the 39 indians kidnapped by isis in iraq are still alive.
;;-0.7579;;(ap photo/seth wenig)the 39 indians, kidnapped by the dreaded isis in iraq in june 2014, are still alive, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, dismissing reports about their killing and insisting that efforts to trace them are on.
;;-0.7579;;the external affairs minister also said india was in touch with top authorities in bangladesh after a priest of rama krishna mission in dhaka received death threat.
;;0.296;;swaraj questioned masihs claim saying two heads of states in the gulf region told her, prime minister narendra modi and president pranab mukherjee that the indians were alive.
;;0.0;;advertisingearlier on wednesday, the ministry of external affairs confirmed that pm modis vvip aircraft wont fly through pakistans airspace en route to kyrgyzstans bikshek.
;;0.4019;;read | pm modi to hold talks with xi jinping, putin on sidelines of sco summitpakistan, last month, had given special permission to then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to use its airspace when she was attending the sco foreign ministers meet in bishkek.
;;0.3182;;the announcement,which was received with a huge round of clappoing and standing ovation in the meeting,was made in a terse statement by singh who was flanked by leaders of opposition in parliament sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley,former president m venkaiah naidu,general secretary ananth kumar among others.
;;0.0;;the public meeting,which was attended by singh,arun jaitley among others,was skipped by senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.5859;;according to bjp sources, the other leaders who are scheduled to attend events in up are: rural development minister chaudhary birender singh and former uttarakhand cm ramesh pokhriyal (bareilly), external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and mos minority affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi (noida), urban development minister m venkaiah naidu and mos finance jayant sinha (allahabad), defence minister manohar parrikar and mos, social justice and empowerment vijay sampla (ghaziabad), railways minister suresh prabhu and mos, agriculture, sanjeev balyan (meerut), law minister dv sadananda gowda and mos, panchayati raj, nihalchand (aligarh), minority affairs minister najma heptulla (muzaffarnagar) and mos, ayush, sripad naik (bahraich).
;;0.4939;;this statement by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in parliament on tuesday brought down curtains on hopes of the family members of the 39 missing indian construction workers being alive.
;;0.4404;;he recalled that swaraj had met them 11 to 12 times and every time assured that the missing indians were still alive.
;;-0.6174;;(source: ani)calling it the governments biggest failure, sarwan said for the past few months they were not given a chance to meet swaraj.
;;0.4019;;minister of state for external affairs v k singh will be flying to iraq to bring back the bodies on a special flight.
;;0.2023;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (source: pti photo/file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (source: pti photo/file)in her latest humanitarian gesture, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has come to the aid of a four-month-old pakistani child, rohaan, who needs urgent medical attention.
;;0.0;;responding to the appeal of rohaans father, who is from lahore, swaraj has offered a medical visa to the infant who has a hole in his heart and will now be treated in jaypee hospital situated in noida.
;;0.1027;;rohaans father, kanwal saadik, appealed to swaraj for help on twitter, informing her about the childs critical condition that required immediate attention.
;;0.5859;;twitter.com/p0mgk0xybj  ken sid (@kensid2) may 24, 2017a desperate saadik received a positive response from the indian external affairs minister who said the political issues between the nations will not stand in the way of the childs treatment and assured him of the medical visa.
;;0.0;;the discussions were held during the 22nd indo-russia intergovernmental commission meeting on september 13 which were co-chaired by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and russian deputy prime minister dmitry rogozin.
;;0.6249;;beijing: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shakes hands with chinese president xi jinping at meeting at the great hall of the people in beijing monday.
;;0.6249;;pti photo beijing: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shakes hands with chinese president xi jinping at meeting at the great hall of the people in beijing monday.
;;0.2023;;pti photoa day after it was announced that prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping will meet in an informal summit on april 27 and 28 in wuhan in central china, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday met the top chinese leadership, including president xi and vice-president wang qishan in beijing.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, swaraj met vice president qishan at zhongnanhai in beijing.
;;0.4019;;even as both sides carried on with preparations for the summit, chinese minister of foreign affairs wang yi also met his pakistan counterpart khwaja muhammad asif and asserted chinas continued support to pakistan.
;;0.4939;;swaraj on monday also met the foreign ministers of uzbekistan and kyrgyzstan and discussed ways of strengthening bilateral cooperation with the central asian nations.
;;0.0;;sharifs remark came on the heels of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs statement in lok sabha.
;;0.0258;;addressing the lower house, swaraj had asserted that india will go out of way to ensure justice to kulbhushan jadhav, and warned pakistan of severe consequence to the bilateral relationship with india if it goes ahead with his execution.
;;0.0258;;meanwhile, india has taken up the matter with pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said.
;;0.4019;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tonight offered to help a nonagenarian indian-origin woman, who was reportedly sent back by her son to india from the us, with visa issues.
;;0.4019;;in a separate tweet, swaraj, responded to a man seeking medical help for his daughter.
;;0.4019;;the external affairs minister last week had offered to help the two-day-old infant, who was born in bhopal, with a heart disease.
;;0.3818;;the opposition has been relentlessly snapping at the governments heels on the cvc issue,and more so,because a member of the three-member panel was opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj who had vehemently made her displeasure clear on thomas appointment.
;;0.3182;;b'externail affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by anil sharma/file) externail affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by anil sharma/file)punjab aap leader harjot singh bains on thursday sought external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs intervention to rescue 31 indians stuck in saudi arabia and the uae after being lured there by unscrupulous travel agents.
;;0.1779;;aam aadmi partys chief spokesperson bains and another party leader jai kishan singh said they have forwarded the details of the indians stuck in the gulf countries to the external affairs ministry.
;;0.0;;two days ago, we went to the office of the external affairs minister in delhi.
;;0.0258;;he said he has urged swaraj to intervene in the matter.
;;-0.4767;;upon his return with the bodies of indians from iraq on april 2, minister of state for external affairs v k singh had said there was no record of any of the 38 indians in any embassy as they had gone to the war-torn country with help from illegal travel agents.
;;0.0;;a 12-member central delegation led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and two state government-level delegations from delhi and west bengal, led by chief ministers arvind kejriwal and mamata banerjee are in vatican city to attend the ceremony.
;;-0.2263;;advertisingmohammad javad zarif was in new delhi for talks with indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj after new delhi stopped purchases of iranian oil this month in the wake of renewed u.s. sanctions.
;;-0.4118;;kumar added that he had tried to meet local mp kirron kher and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in delhi pertaining to the matter, but got no response, following which he has now approached the chandigarh police.
;;0.5106;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said government was doing everything to rescue her.
;;0.3612;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj rang up and spoke to me and assured that the government is making all-out efforts to bring her back, judiths sister agnes dsouza told reporters.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with uzma and her family, in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with uzma and her family, in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.1655;;seated with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, indian deputy high commissioner in islamabad j p singh and senior officials of the ministry of external affairs, uzma ahmed, who is in her twenties and is from new delhi, said: it is easy to enter pakistan but nearly impossible to leave that place.
;;0.6124;;she thanked swaraj, indian mission officials and other staffers for ensuring her return.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4019;;india has secured the release of four indians from syria, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on sunday.
;;0.4588;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) april 3, 2016in a series of tweets regarding the development, the external affairs minister said, welcome home arun kumar saini, sarvjit singh, kuldeep singh and joga singh.
;;0.4404;;helping handexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who plays guardian angel on twitter to indians in distress overseas, on friday took to humour.
;;-0.6478;;as somebody tweeted about his friends lost passport in kuala lumpur, swaraj replied, passports have a very bad habit of getting lost on fridays.
;;0.875;;the twitterati applauded swaraj for her sense of humour apart from being the helping hand.
;;-0.802;;watch video: india, egypt to fight terrorism together: pm modivice president hamid ansari, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the newly appointed minister of state, m.j. akbar, are all contributing to indias new diplomatic activism in the middle east.
;;0.0;;pm @narendramodi addresses 8th hom conference at new delhi, external affairs ministry spokesperson gopal baglay tweeted along with pictures of the pm addressing the meet being attended by around 120 envoys posted worldwide.
;;0.0;;the four-day conference, which began on friday, was formally inaugurated by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday.
;;0.0;;external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(file photo) external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.7579;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj condoled the tragic death after she was informed about the incident by the victims brother through twitter seeking her help to bring back the body.
;;0.0;;co/e30chgyeje  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) april 7, 2017police are investigating the case and are now looking for two men caught on surveillance camera leaving the store.
;;-0.6908;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)two brothers, who had allegedly forged a recommendation letter in the name of minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj and her personal secretary sathish chandra gupta to obtain passports, were arrested after the letters raised suspicion among the officials at the regional passport office in bengaluru.
;;0.0;;according to the police, the regional passport office received two letters signed by sushmaswaraj swaraj and her by post on april 4.
;;-0.3612;;passport officials, however, grew suspicious and raised queries with the external affairs ministry about the letters.
;;-0.0772;;external minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)a visa agent from byculla who sent a punjab-based woman on a tourist visa to saudi arabia and allegedly forced her to work there as a domestic help for an arab family has been booked.
;;0.0;;the woman returned to india on may 31 after the external affairs ministry intervened to bring her back.
;;-0.296;;his complaint was forwarded to the external affairs ministry.
;;0.6369;;after securing her release, union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took to twitter on may 30 to announce: thanks for bringing this to my notice.
;;-0.296;;after her return, kaur and the external affairs ministrys protector of emigrants registered a complaint with the agripada police station.
;;0.0;;advertisingthese were reflected in their individual statements, even as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met chinese and russian foreign ministers and spoke to us secretary of state and british foreign secretary wednesday.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said islamabad had sought more time for the joint investigating team to take stock of its probe.
;;0.0;;swaraj added that the indian high commissioner in islamabad had met the authorities twice on the pathankot probe and the nia teams possible visit.
;;-0.7184;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj condemned the attack and offered assistance to the family.
;;0.0;;b'president pranab mukherjee during his visit to israel in october president pranab mukherjee during his visit to israel in octoberindian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj concluded her two-day visit to israel on monday.
;;-0.9959;;share this article related article kirpal singh cremated at native villagekirpal singh cremated at native village pak returns kirpal singhs body: no external injury; heart, liver missingpak returns kirpal singhs body: no external injury; heart, liver missing pakistan returns kripal singh's body: no external injury, heart & liver missing, says doctorpakistan returns kripal singh's body: no external injury, heart & liver missing, says doctor 2 soldiers in pakistan jail since 71 war, their kin fear kirpal fate2 soldiers in pakistan jail since 71 war, their kin fear kirpal fate india to raise prisoner kirpal singh's death issue in pakistan at top levelindia to raise prisoner kirpal singh's death issue in pakistan at top level indian prisoner kirpal singh dies under mysterious circumstances in pakistan jailapparently, it seems the indian prisoner died a natural death.
;;0.0;;we are now going to delhi to meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and home minister rajnath singh, said kumar.
;;0.0;;a 12-member central delegation led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and two state government-level delegations from delhi and west bengal, led by chief ministers arvind kejriwal and mamata banerjee were in vatican city to attend the ceremony.
;;0.0;;mcmaster is also expected to meet prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, reports news agency ani.
;;0.0;;on monday, city-based bariatric surgeon dr muffazal a lakdawala tweeted to swaraj in a last-ditch attempt to draw attention of authorities.
;;0.0;;on monday, city-based bariatric surgeon dr muffazal a lakdawala tweeted to swaraj in a last-ditch attempt to draw attention of authorities.
;;0.7096;;her medical visa was cleared within a day by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who read a city doctors tweet and agreed to extend prompt help.
;;0.0;;on monday, city-based bariatric surgeon dr muffazal a lakdawala tweeted to swaraj in a last-ditch attempt to draw attention of authorities.
;;0.25;;on tuesday, dr lakdawala tweeted to swaraj, embassy in cairo called, visa granted.
;;0.0;;minister of state for external affairs gen v k singh will represent india at the two-day brics foreign ministers meeting being held here from june 18 where china was expected to unveil its agenda for this years summit of the five-member bloc.
;;0.0;;singh will be attending the meeting as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has not yet started foreign travel after her kidney transplant operation, indian officials said.
;;0.6597;;stepping-up efforts to release three kangra youths held hostage by nigerian pirates, himachal pradesh chief minister jai ram thakur has written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj asking her to ensure the safety of youths in captivity.
;;0.34;;we have also sent a communication to western africa division of the ministry of external affairs giving details of the youths, said a spokesperson.
;;0.0;;vinay kumar informed that the family had contacted officials of the ministry of external affairs, who have conveyed that they were in the process of getting the youths released .
;;-0.9136;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday told parliament in new delhi that the 39 indians abducted in 2014 by the islamic state (isis) terrorists in mosul city were dead and their bodies had been recovered.
;;-0.8225;;advisor to the prime minister on foreign affairs sartaj aziz also wrote to un secretary-general ban ki-moon, secretary-general of the organisation of islamic cooperation (oic) and the un high commissioner for human rights to express pakistans serious concern on the alarming situation and alleged human rights violation in kashmir.
;;0.5859;;not only did sharif praise wani but he also remarked that kashmir will one day become pakistan, a comment which evoked a sharp reaction from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who said his dream of the state becoming a part of his country will not be realised even at the end of eternity.
;;0.0;;he had compared singhs predecessor nitin gadkari and senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj too with vajpayee at different public meetings in the past, the leader said.
;;0.1531;;usually, a minister of state or a senior official of the external affairs ministry receive foreign dignitaries on their visit to india.
;;0.3612;;shortly after she landed, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met the bangladesh prime minister, and they are understood to have discussed bilateral issues of importance.
;;0.6124;;delhi labour minister gopal rai has written to union home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and all chief ministers seeking details on unknown indian martyrs and freedom fighters.
;;0.6124;;(representational image) delhi labour minister gopal rai has written to union home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and all chief ministers seeking details on unknown indian martyrs and freedom fighters.
;;0.6124;;(representational image)delhi labour minister gopal rai has written to union home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and all chief ministers seeking details on unknown indian martyrs and freedom fighters.
;;-0.6486;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajindia is making all efforts to secure the release of a priest from kerala who was abducted by a terror group in yemen last month, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on saturday.
;;0.0;;swaraj tweeted admitting that the indian priest was kidnapped in yemen.
;;0.3919;;but we will spare no efforts to rescue father tom uzhunnalil, swaraj had tweeted earlier.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has issued a fitting rebuttal to the american presidents tirade.
;;0.128;;on monday, the external affairs minister affirmed the countrys commitments to these and other goals germane to the paris pact.
;;0.4215;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs measured speech to the united nations general assembly on monday laid out, in plain language, indias deepening pakistan policy conundrum.
;;-0.4019;;this, swaraj pointed out, was part of a larger problem.
;;0.0258;;watch sushmaswaraj swarajs response to pakistani girlthe external affairs minister knows, however, that transforming this coherent argument into an effective diplomatic strategy will be a tough ask.
;;0.6369;;(file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday directed indian ambassador in the us navtej sarna to update punjab chief minister capt amarinder singh about issues relating to safety and security of indians in that country.
;;0.0;;i have asked sardar navtej singh sarna, indian ambassador in washington, to update you on this, swaraj tweeted.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(file)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday said india is taking up the issue of fishermen with the sri lankan government through diplomatic channels.
;;-0.8074;;making a statement in the lok sabha, the external affairs minister said sri lanka has, however, denied the role of its navy in the killing.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(source: ap photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(source: ap photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will hold extensive talks with her iraqi counterpart ibrahim al-jaafari on monday during which focus is expected to be on the issue of 39 indians kidnapped by the isis three years back from mosul city.
;;0.6249;;on the visit by al-jaafari, the external affairs ministry has said the two sides will discuss the entire gamut of bilateral ties as well as regional and international issues of mutual interest.
;;-0.3818;;minister of state for external affairs v k singh was sent to iraq days after the iraqi pm announced victory in the fight to liberate mosul.
;;0.0;;advertisingirans foreign minister javad zarif held talks on the issue with his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj during a visit to new delhi.
;;0.6705;;on purchase of oil from iran, eam (external affairs minister) reiterated the position that a decision will be taken after the elections keeping in mind our commercial considerations, energy security and economic interests, a government source said.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on the visiting vietnamese president.
;;0.7096;;their discussions focused on steps to further strengthen countrys comprehensive strategic partnership by expanding cooperation across all sectors, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
;;-0.0772;;sushma swaraj, vasundhara raje, shivraj singh chouhan and arun jaitley are facing serious allegations of misdemeanour.
;;-0.7506;;union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by tashi tobgyal) union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by tashi tobgyal)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj saturday confirmed the death of an indian national in washington state in the united states who was shot dead by two armed miscreants.
;;0.1027;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman are scheduled to be in beijing on april 24 to attend different meetings of the sco and interact with their counterparts from the member states.
;;0.2732;;as the country bid the final farewell to former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, condolences poured in from across the border as well, with several pakistanis paying her tributes and recalling her humanity first approach.
;;0.0;;advertisingfrom the mother of a toddler with a rare heart disease to a pakistani woman who married an indian and sought a permanent visa, swaraj helped out several pakistanis in their hour of need.
;;0.6597;;finally, rohaans mother mehwish mukhtar (33) from lahore started an online campaign help baby rohaan and tweeted to swaraj, seeking her help.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj responded to our plea on twitter and got visas issued immediately.
;;-0.4404;;referring to the statement of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in parliament on tuesday, vijayan said when such painful incidents occur, relatives should be informed first.
;;-0.2263;;the state unit has demanded more rallies with union ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj and smriti irani, who can speak bengali.
;;0.1027;;b'gurdip singhs family celebrate on friday (express photo) gurdip singhs family celebrate on friday (express photo)indian national gurdip singh (48), who was to be executed thursday night for drug smuggling in indonesia, has not been put to death, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said friday.
;;0.0;;indian ambassador in indonesia has informed me that gurdip singh whose execution was fixed for last night, has not been executed, swaraj tweeted on friday.
;;0.2023;;ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup had on thursday said indian embassy officials in jakarta were reaching out to the indonesian foreign office and the senior leadership of the country on the issue.
;;0.4404;;kulwinder said gurdip had thanked the indian government, especially external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the media for taking up this case.
;;0.4019;;former external affairs anand sharma, from the congress party, was willing to concede chinese investments in pakistan-occupied kashmir provided similar investments were made in kashmir.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, soon after taking over in may 2014, told her counterpart wang yi that indias one china policy must be congruent to chinas one india policy, meaning, the chinese must be sensitive to indias claims in pakistan-occupied kashmir.
;;-0.7701;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had warned that jadhavs execution would be taken by india as a pre-meditated murder and pakistan should consider its consequences on bilateral relations, if it proceeds on this matter.
;;0.0;;targeting union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, nirupam said: in 2012, sushmaswaraj swaraj had targetted the (then) prime minister over the fuel hike and had said that it had brought the pms chair to disrepute.
;;0.34;;this is my assurance to the country through parliament we will bring all of them back to india, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;0.34;;this is my assurance to the country through parliament we will bring all of them back to india, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;-0.7096;;(ap photo)a large number of indian workers in saudi arabia who have lost their jobs and cannot even buy food due to severe financial hardship will be brought back home, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, asserting that not one of them will go hungry.
;;0.4717;;swaraj noted that the law there does not permit an emergency exit visa without no objection certificate from the employers who, she said, have shut their factories and left the country, leaving these employees stranded.
;;-0.7506;;dmk working president and the leader of opposition in the assembly m k stalin has written to the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, demanding immediate steps to retrieve the island, to restore the traditional rights of the indian fishermen and to stop the inhuman killings by the sri lankan navy.
;;-0.1531;;the fishermen community have declared an indefinite protest, and demanded a visit by the external affairs minister and a permanent solution to put an end to alleged atrocities by the sri lankan navy in palk bay.
;;-0.926;;yesterday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to indian ambassador in the us navtej s sarna in the wake reports of killing of a sikh man in a suspected hate crime in that country.
;;0.5719;;coming to the defence of congress in the coalgate case,rjd president lalu prasad yadav today said bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj and bihar chief minister nitish kumar need not give certificate as to who is honest and who is corrupt in the upa government.
;;0.0;;who is sushmaswaraj swaraj to comment on sonia gandhi and the upa governmentshe need not give certificate to the central government, prasad told reporters.
;;0.2023;;the central government will reply to the supreme courtwhy sushmaswaraj and nitish are feeling pain?
;;0.0;;the issue came up for discussion between williams and minister of state (mos) for home affairs kiren rijiju during a meeting in new delhi.
;;-0.5267;;last month, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said prime minister narendra modi had conveyed his unhappiness to his british counterpart theresa may over-focus on conditions of indian prisons during court hearings on mallyas extradition.
;;0.5859;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to up chief minister yogi adityanath who assured her of a fair investigation into the incident.
;;0.6124;;minister of state for external affairs mj akbar has spoken to the acting high commissioner of nigeria and said the administration was taking steps to ensure security of nigerian nationals.
;;0.4404;;kamat said that the intervention of union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and indian embassy in that country has helped indian there feel safe.
;;0.8074;;yes, said secretary east in the ministry of external affairs preeti saran when asked during a media briefing whether the leaders of the powerful asean grouping favoured a more assertive role for india in the indo-pacific region where china has been ramping up its military presence.
;;0.5859;;they also talked about how external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was involved in minute details for successful hosting of leaders.
;;0.6705;;express photo by tashi tobgyal swaraj told deuba that prime minister modi was eager to welcome him in india.
;;0.0;;express photo by tashi tobgyalnepal and india need to enhance connectivity and bring the two sides closer, including the minds of people, prime minister sher bahadur deuba told sushmaswaraj swaraj, indias external affairs minister, during their 20-minute group meeting on wednesday, which was followed by a one-on-one that lasted 10 minutes.
;;0.2023;;swaraj, who was in kathmandu to attend the bimstec ministerial-level meeting, spent a substantial part of her two-day visit with nepali actors including deuba.
;;0.4588;;the message she tried to convey was india wanted a constructive engagement with nepal and erase the image of an external micro-manager.
;;0.4019;;swaraj also met madhav nepal, former pm and leader of uml, a party perceived to have pushed nepal into chinas lap when its chief k.p. oli was the pm.
;;-0.5106;;tagging foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in his tweet, khan had written, my uk visa rejected.
;;0.0;;external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(file photo) external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs attention was drawn to a polish news report about the incident.
;;0.0;;responding immediately, swaraj sought more information from indian ambassador in poland ajay bisaria.
;;0.0;;b'palestinian president mahmoud abbas, right shakes hands with indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during their meeting at his office in the west bank city of ramallah.
;;0.0;;palestinian president mahmoud abbas, right shakes hands with indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during their meeting at his office in the west bank city of ramallah.
;;-0.4215;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs two-day visit to tel aviv and ramallah might end new delhis discomfort with itself in dealing with israel and palestine.
;;-0.6808;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, during her address at the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) council of foreign ministers meeting also attended by pakistan foreign minister khawaja muhammad asif, raised the issue of global terrorism and protectionism.
;;0.7269;;swaraj also raised the issue of reforms at the un security council and said it is clear to many of us that the security council is increasingly unable, or sometimes unwilling, to respond to the security challenges of our times, with tragic consequences.
;;0.4215;;liga skromane(33), her elder sister ilze skromane on monday tweeted to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, please help, we are heart-broken and worried.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, water resources minister uma bharti, women and child welfare minister maneka gandhi will visit borders areas and interact with the soldiers.
;;-0.34;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj / monika monika khangembam external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj / monika monika khangembamexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday took note of a facebook post by manipuri girl monika khangembam in which she had alleged that an immigration officer at delhis igi airport humiliated her by asking her about her nationality.
;;0.0258;;swaraj tweeted that while the immigration department doesnt come under her ministry, she would take up the matter with home minister rajnath singh.
;;-0.0772;;on sunday night, swaraj tweeted: monika khangembam  i am sorry to know this.
;;0.0;;/2  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 10, 2016there have been many other instances in past where north-easterners living in different parts of the country had to face racial discrimination.
;;0.4019;;the families have been taking all efforts to get them released and have now decided to send letters to the prime minister and external affairs minister for help.
;;0.4019;;recently, i sent a letter to prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath seeking help in release of chandra prakash.
;;0.0;;b'former external affairs minister salman khurshid said that india deserves to be a nsg member.
;;0.0;;former external affairs minister salman khurshid said that india deserves to be a nsg member.
;;0.0;;former external affairs minister salman khurshid on thursday asserted that india deserve to be a member of the nuclear suppliers group (nsg).
;;0.1511;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had earlier insisted that china is not blocking indias entry to the nsg, but is talking about the criteria and procedures.
;;-0.1027;;b'christian priest father tom uzhunnalil christian priest father tom uzhunnalilchristian priest father tom uzhunnalil abducted by gunmen in yemen last month is safe and could be released soon, a catholic group said on sunday, quoting external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.6486;;the catholic bishops conference of india (cbci) said a delegation met swaraj who said the government was working to secure the priests safe return.
;;-0.2263;;b'senior bjp leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitely were today brought to madhopur in punjab from jammu,where they were stopped from leaving the airport in the run-up to the partys plan to hoist the tricolour in srinagar on republic day.
;;0.0;;come what maywe will enter j&kagain, sushmaswaraj tweeted.
;;-0.0772;;b'with home minister p chidambaram stating that the palmolein case against p j thomas was discussed by the cvc selection panel,senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj today said she would not file an affidavit on the issue in the supreme court as there was no dispute on facts now.
;;-0.3818;;this has prompted swaraj to say that she will file an affidavit in the matter as the government was misleading the apex court.
;;-0.296;;swaraj today maintained that after the home ministers statement,there was no need to file an affidavit.
;;0.0;;external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(file photo) external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took to twitter on friday to assert that all indians were her people.
;;0.0;;co/z59339vjgt  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) january 20, 2017swaraj has often been in the news for her remarks on twitter.
;;-0.2023;;b'this weekend, as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj finalises her speech to the united nations general assembly, she will have the unhappy task of choosing the words with which to address one of the ugliest times in the india-pakistan engagement.
;;-0.2023;;the sad truth, however, is that pakistans external policy is shaped by its generals.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendra modi with veteran leader l k advani and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the bjp parliamentary meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(photo: anil sharma) prime minister narendra modi with veteran leader l k advani and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the bjp parliamentary meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(photo: anil sharma) swaraj addresses the press in new delhi.
;;-0.5267;;(photo: anil sharma)union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj monday ruled out dialogue with pakistan saying terror and talks can never go together.
;;0.0;;read | iran nuclear deal: us pullout wont affect india-iran ties, says sushmaswaraj swarajexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj speaks during the ministrys annual press conference.
;;0.0;;(pti) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj speaks during the ministrys annual press conference.
;;-0.3182;;according to swaraj, the mea has increased the number of passport seva kendras from 77 to 227 across the nation and more than 90,000 indians have been brought back safely by the indian government, including hundreds in jails, and some facing the death penalty.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with minister of state v k singh, during the ministrys annual press conference on completion of 4 years of the nda government.
;;0.0;;(pti) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with minister of state v k singh, during the ministrys annual press conference on completion of 4 years of the nda government.
;;0.0;;referring to minister of state for external affairs vk singhs recent trip to north korea, swaraj said he had been sent after a meeting with the countrys officials at the nam ministerial meeting in april in azerbaijan.
;;0.6597;;swaraj also hit out against the congress party, which had claimed that she is only active on twitter, while the ministry was being run from the prime ministers office.
;;0.7717;;a few days earlier, indias external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj assured all help to nepal to deal with the natural calamity that has claimed more than 100 lives.
;;0.4019;;meanwhile, last week, indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said if china unilaterally changes status-quo of the tri-junction point between china, india and bhutan, then it will pose as a challenge to indias security.
;;0.8578;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday urged members of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) to support efforts for the comprehensive reforms of the un security council to make it more representative and effective.
;;-0.7269;;he made the comments soon after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj informed the house of the death of 39 missing indians in iraq.
;;0.5267;;while law minister ravi shankar prasad countered azad, saying the government is ready for a debate on all issues, minister of state for parliamentary affairs vijay goel said the government has since day one stated that it is prepared for any discussion.
;;0.7003;;(source: pti)sometime in may 2015, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj saw the parliament unanimously pass the bill for operationalising the land boundary agreement with bangladesh, 41 years after the accord to ensure proper demarcation of the border was signed.
;;0.2732;;during the debate, swaraj had spoken about the changing dynamics between the two countries, especially how india was looking at its neighbour now: the big brother is arrogant while elder brother is caring.
;;0.6369;;while swaraj promised to bring the metro to narela,goel said the party would work towards extension of lal dora,better drinking water,road and sewage networks.
;;-0.4215;;shortly after the press briefing by union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj giving out details on the death of 39 indians in iraq, prime minister narendra modi on tuesday rallied behind her and said the ministry of external affairs and colleagues sushmaswaraj swaraj and v k singh left no stone unturned in trying to trace and safely bring back those we lost in mosul.
;;-0.296;;in a statement in the rajya sabha earlier on tuesday, swaraj confirmed the deaths of the 39 missing indians and said the dna samples of 38 people had been matched by the iraqi authorities.
;;-0.886;;read: no govt can declare anyone dead without proof, says sushmaswaraj swarajmea sushmaswaraj swaraj addressed a press conference over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
;;-0.5994;;(express photo by tashi tobgyal) mea sushmaswaraj swaraj addressed a press conference over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
;;0.0;;(express photo by tashi tobgyal)during the press conference, swaraj slammed the congress for disrupting her speech in the lok sabha and termed it as cheap politics.
;;0.2023;;playing politics on deaths, said swaraj.
;;0.0258;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said the indian government has taken up the matter with pakistan.
;;-0.296;;both are missing after they landed in karachi airport, swaraj tweeted.
;;-0.3167;;b'indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (ap photo) indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (ap photo)india has for the first time named china as the country blocking its entry into the nuclear suppliers group (nsg), with foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday stating that china had created procedural hurdles by particularly questioning how a non-npt signatory could become a member.
;;0.4588;;swaraj also credited the previous upa government for getting the waiver and following the commitments.
;;0.0;;indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj voiced indias concerns over the china-pakistan economic corridor (cpec), which passes through pakistan-occupied kashmir (pok), during chinese foreign minister wang yis india trip, indian media reported, the article said.
;;-0.4404;;days after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs objection to doormats depicting the indian flag being sold on amazons canada portal elicited regret from the company, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das on sunday asked the e-commerce firm to behave and desist from being flippant about indian symbols & icons.
;;0.1779;;watch video | after sushmaswaraj swaraj, economic affairs secretary slams amazon for selling indian flag doormatsnasscom president r chandrashekhar told the indian express that he didnt see swarajs and dass comments as targeting a company.
;;-0.3818;;last week, after swaraj received complaints from a twitter user about doormats with the indian flag on amazons canada portal, she had asked the online retailer to withdraw the products and tender an unconditional apology.
;;-0.25;;later though, swaraj had received complaints from some twitter users that beach sandals with mahatma gandhis image were being sold on the amazon us site.
;;0.0;;officials from the ministry of external affairs and other ministers are also expected to meet the nepal pm.
;;0.0;;mea chief sushmaswaraj swaraj had held a one-on-one meeting with oli during her visit to nepal earlier in the month.
;;0.0;;oli hosted dinner for swaraj, which was followed by a meeting with madhes-based leaders.
;;-0.34;;some party mps have also given a notice for moving a privilege motion against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for allegedly misleading the house on the death of the indians.
;;0.7351;;us special representative for afghanistan zalmay khalilzad on monday met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and briefed her on the afghan peace process.
;;0.5423;;advertisingministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said both sides discussed the role of all regional stakeholders in bringing peace and development to afghanistan, adding india will work with key partners in the coming days.
;;-0.6705;;b'minister of state for external affairs vk singh (express photo by praveen jain/file) minister of state for external affairs vk singh (express photo by praveen jain/file)minister of state for external affairs v k singh sunday left for iraq to bring back the mortal remains of the 39 indians, killed in the war-torn country, officials said.
;;-0.3182;;families of some of these victims had met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj here on march 26.
;;0.6908;;we are grateful to the maharashtra government and external affairs ministry for their support, said dr lakdawala.
;;-0.4019;;on thursday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had called the hospital to inquire about the dispute.
;;0.0;;new delhi: new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shakes hands with nepal foreign affairs minister prakash sharan mahat at a meeting in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;pti photo by subhav shukla(pti9_12_2016_000042a) new delhi: new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shakes hands with nepal foreign affairs minister prakash sharan mahat at a meeting in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;watch what else is making newsmahats visit starting today comes at the invitation of indias external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, it said.
;;0.7579;;following successful organisation of the first dialogue in march last year, the ministry of external affairs in partnership with observer research foundation is organising the 2nd edition of raisina dialogue which will deliberate on strategic issues including new challenges and cyber security.
;;-0.6486;;amid the din,a condemnation resolution was passed against the stopping of the bjp youth wing bjyms ekta yatra at lakhanpur border in jammu and kashmir and arrest of senior bjp leaders like sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley.
;;0.25;;the trump administration has sent two of its senior diplomats from the state department  principal deputy assistant secretary of state for south and central asian affairs alice wells and acting assistant secretary of state for east asian and pacific affairs susan thornton - to co-lead the american delegation for the trilateral dialogue.
;;0.25;;on april 6, wells will participate in the india-us forum, hosted by the ananta centre and the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.4215;;the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and japanese foreign minister fumio kishida represented their respective countries.
;;0.34;;b'sushma swaraj arrived here earlier alongwith 12 others that included two state-level delegations from delhi and west bengal led by chief ministers arvind kejriwal and mamata banerjee respectively.
;;0.0;;(express file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday represented india at the canonisation ceremony of mother teresa at a mass in st peters square here presided over by pope francis in the presence of over 100,000 pilgrims.
;;0.34;;swaraj arrived here earlier along with 12 others that included two state-level delegations from delhi and west bengal led by chief ministers arvind kejriwal and mamata banerjee respectively.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister @sushmaswaraj and indian delegation at canonisation of mother teresa, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
;;0.0;;on saturday, swaraj met the indian diaspora at a reception hosted by indias ambassador to italy anil wadhwa.
;;-0.5267;;the external affairs minister mentioned welfare efforts for diaspora, assisting indians in distress and the evacuations the government has conducted, swarup tweeted.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told the rajya sabha that india was willing to talk to china on the standoff in sikkim sector, but both sides have to first take back their armies.
;;0.0;;earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had also said that vemula was not from the scheduled caste community.
;;-0.25;;five people have been arrested in connection with attacks in greater noida, and prompted intervention by swaraj, who has promised immediate action.
;;-0.25;;(representational image) five people have been arrested in connection with attacks in greater noida, and prompted intervention by swaraj, who has promised immediate action.
;;-0.8248;;ratcheting up efforts to contain the damage over attacks on african nationals, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had on may 31 last announced a slew of steps including a country-wide sensitisation campaign while asserting that the killing of the congolese youth was not a racial crime.
;;-0.25;;five people have been arrested in connection with attacks in greater noida, and prompted intervention by swaraj, who has promised immediate action.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(source: reuters photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(source: reuters photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday said she has asked her colleague and minister of state for external affairs general (retd.
;;0.765;;she further stated that the minister of state for external affairs would also hold meetings with the african students in metro cities and assure them of safety and security.
;;0.5267;;chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunyings comments came a day after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that india is engaging with moscow and making efforts to convince beijing on the issue.
;;0.5859;;swaraj on monday said india has always engaged with china and we are doing it for nsg as well.
;;-0.34;;on the concerns expressed by swaraj on chinas belt and road initiative (bri) in which usd 50 billion china-pakistan economic corridor (cpec) is a part, hua said, we also stressed many times that the kashmir issue is one left behind by history between india and pakistan and should be addressed properly through negotiation.
;;0.4767;;the statement named him as commander kulbhushan jadhav of the research and analysis wing (r&aw)indias external intelligence agency.
;;-0.1531;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke in parliament on jadhavs sentencing.
;;-0.8555;;swaraj issued a stern warning to pakistan threatening if they go ahead with the death sentence of jadhav, it will have consequences.
;;0.8625;;swaraj assured that the government will make sure jadhav gets the best legal support to fight his case.
;;0.0;;in november, pakistani prime ministers advisor on foreign affairs sartaj aziz had said that there was insufficient evidence on jadhav.
;;-0.0258;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (source: pti ) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (source: pti )external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday stepped in to help a distressed indian woman in germany who wanted to come back to india.
;;0.0;;gurpreet  i have got the report from our embassy in germany, swaraj tweeted.
;;-0.4019;;recently, she had tweeted that minister of state for external affairs v k singh will handle the problems of the diaspora.
;;0.0258;;minister of state for external affairs m j akbar is already in venezuela to take part in the deliberations while ansari will reach the country after an overnight halt in berlin.
;;-0.3612;;the summit is expected to deliberate on issues of contemporary relevance and concern such as terrorism, un reform, the situation in west asia, threats to peace and security, according to the ministry of external affairs (mea).
;;0.0;;she also held talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during the visit.
;;0.8225;;i am confident that under your leadership, the ministry of external affairs might have already explored and initiated the diplomatic steps necessary to ensure the safety and well-being of the indians living in qatar, stalin said.
;;0.8225;;(file photo) i am confident that under your leadership, the ministry of external affairs might have already explored and initiated the diplomatic steps necessary to ensure the safety and well-being of the indians living in qatar, stalin said.
;;0.2732;;(file photo)dmk leader m k stalin on tuesday wrote to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj urging her to ensure the interests of indians living in qatar, with which a saudi-led coalition has severed ties.
;;0.0828;;in his letter to swaraj, stalin, also opposition leader in the tamil nadu assembly, said families in india of those living in qatar were very much worried about the safety of their relatives in the gulf country.
;;0.8225;;i am confident that under your leadership, the ministry of external affairs might have already explored and initiated the diplomatic steps necessary to ensure the safety and well-being of the indians living in qatar, he added.
;;0.6705;;he requested swaraj to direct the indian embassy in doha to take utmost care of the interests of the indians living in qatar during the period of complex diplomatic challenge.
;;0.25;;announcement of the comprehensive bilateral dialogue (cbd) during the visit of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to pakistan in december 2015 was a one of the biggest achievements of past three years, he said.
;;0.0;;it was to be hosted by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.34;;known as ambala ki beti in her hometown, former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj  who passed away at the age of 67 after a cardiac arrest tuesday  spent her childhood in bc bazaar at haryanas ambala cantonment, about 46 km from state capital chandigarh.
;;0.8126;;a bright student, sushmaswaraj took a keen interest in debates and other competitions, said residents of the cantonment area who were close to her family.
;;0.0;;her brother dr gulshan sharma, who still lives in the same house where sushmaswaraj spent her childhood, said, she used to visit ambala on rakshabandhan every year.
;;0.0;;health minister anil vij, an incumbent mla from ambala cantonment said sushmaswaraj was a leader with rare qualities.
;;0.0;;residents of ambala also recalled how sushmaswaraj , while holding the portfolio of housing minister, carved out a housing board colony in ambala cantonment.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;prem nath pandey sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi on monday.
;;0.7872;;prem nath pandeyrejecting us president donald trumps claim that india signed the paris climate agreement to get billions and billions and billions of dollars in foreign aid, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj monday said new delhi signed the pact not because of greed not because of fear but because of its commitment to protecting the environment.
;;0.4939;;on the h1b visas, swaraj said while nothing has changed so far in the us, there were concerns sushmaswaraj rebuts trump on paris agreement and new delhi was in touch with the us administration and lawmakers.
;;0.4019;;then in 2000, atal behari vajpayee sent external affairs jaswant singh to israeli, the first foreign minister to make a visit and to underline delhis eagerness.
;;0.0;;congress foreign minister sm krishna followed in 2012, president pranab mukherjee in 2015 and bjp foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in 2016.
;;0.0258;;the tanzanian envoy will visit bengaluru on friday, along with a team of officials from the ministry of external affairs (mea), to reach out to african students in bengaluru and assuage their concerns.
;;-0.567;;terming the incident as a matter of shame for the entire nation, minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju said, we will not allow racial discrimination to take place in the country.
;;0.0;;in bengaluru, parameshwara said, we have submitted a report to the minister of external affairs.
;;0.0;;the decision to send a team to bengaluru was taken after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met with foreign secretary s jaishankar, mea secretary (economic relations) amar sinha and other senior officials.
;;0.0;;us secretary of state rex tillerson, center, stands with indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, left, and japanese foreign minister taro kono, at the palace hotel in new york on monday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo@meaindia) us secretary of state rex tillerson, center, stands with indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, left, and japanese foreign minister taro kono, at the palace hotel in new york on monday.
;;0.5859;;(pti photo@meaindia)as us president donald trump appears before the united nations general assembly this week for the first time and outlines his controversial worldview, the indian delegation led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has an opportunity to build on the new pragmatism in delhis multilateral diplomacy.
;;0.1779;;more broadly, the era of knee-jerk interventionism that followed the end of cold war may be winding down, thanks to the declining political support in the west for meddling in other peoples affairs.
;;0.3182;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with indonesias coordinating minister for maritime affairs general (retd) luhut binsar pandjaitan (source- twitter/raveesh kumar) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with indonesias coordinating minister for maritime affairs general (retd) luhut binsar pandjaitan (source- twitter/raveesh kumar)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj friday held talks with indonesias coordinating minister for maritime affairs general (retd) luhut binsar pandjaitan and discussed ways to strengthen the bilateral strategic partnership.
;;0.5994;;discussions focused on steps to further expand our strategic partnership, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj calls on prime minister of mauritius pravind kumar jugnauth.
;;0.0;;source: twitter/meaindia external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj calls on prime minister of mauritius pravind kumar jugnauth.
;;0.0;;source: twitter/meaindiaunion external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today met mauritian prime minister pravind jugnauth and discussed ways to deepen bilateral cooperation in various areas including trade and investment.
;;0.0;;eam @sushmaswaraj calls on prime minister of mauritius pravind kumar jugnauth, mea spokesperson gopal bagley tweeted along with a picture of swaraj with the mauritian pm.
;;0.296;;b'as the bjps ekta yatra enters the final stage,home minister p chidambaram today appealed to bjp leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj to give up the path of confrontation and not push any political agenda that will affect peace in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.1779;;b'unhappy over the treatment meted out to party colleagues sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley at jammu airport,senior bjp leader l k advani today talked to prime minister manmohan singh to lodge a protest over the developments which had never happened earlier.
;;-0.5994;;i talked to the prime minister to register protest over the way authorities prevented sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley,both leaders of opposition in two houses of parliament,from entering jammu and threatened to deport them back to delhi, advani said.
;;-0.296;;advani said swaraj and jaitley had refused to return to delhi.
;;-0.5994;;b'minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj addressed a press conference over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
;;-0.5994;;(express photo by tashi tobgyal) minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj addressed a press conference over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
;;-0.5994;;(express photo by tashi tobgyal)ruckus ensued in the lok sabha on tuesday as the opposition raised slogans just as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was about to deliver a statement on the death of 39 indians in iraqs mosul.
;;-0.5994;;unable to make an elaborate statement on the death of indians in iraq, swaraj addressed a press conference today slamming the congress for disrupting her speech and termed it as cheap politics.
;;0.2023;;playing politics on deaths, said swaraj.
;;-0.4767;;also read: 39 indians kidnapped by islamic state in iraq are dead: sushmaswaraj swaraj informs parliamentcongress led the protests under jyotiraditya scindia in lok sabha, says swarajswaraj noted that while everyone listened to her statement patiently in the rajya sabha, she expected the same in the lok sabha but the congress led by jyotiraditya scindia disrupted her speech.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj in new delhi.
;;-0.3182;;(source: express photo by tashi tobgyal)on questions raised by some kin of victims as to why they werent informed about the deaths before parliament session, swaraj explained its parliamentary procedure to first inform the house.
;;-0.5574;;swaraj says did not keep anyone in the dark about deathswhile maintaining that she did not keep anyone in the dark about the deaths, the external affairs minister said, it would have been a sin had we handed over anybodys body claiming it to be those of our people, just for the sake of closing files.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(express photo by tashi tobgyal) sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi.
;;0.4939;;i will get my closure when i would hand over the mortal remains to their families & they receive proper last rites, added swaraj.
;;-0.4168;;sushma swaraj responds to harjit masihs allegationsresponding to harjit masihs allegation that the government knew about the deaths but did not reveal due to political reasons, swaraj said, harjit masih is just an individual, he could claim 39 others are dead, but we are the government, we cant say this so easily.
;;-0.5267;;a case was lodged against masih after families of the missing 39 indians registered a complaint on the directions of the ministry of external affairs.
;;-0.6705;;earlier in the day, swaraj had given a statement in the rajya sabha on the issue of 39 indians being killed while in captivity in iraq.
;;0.0572;;it has never been such a sorry state (of affairs).
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday left for a two-nation three-day visit to iran and russia.
;;0.0;;(express photo by amit mehra) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday left for a two-nation three-day visit to iran and russia.
;;-0.9442;;(express photo by amit mehra)on the eve of her visit to russia, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday said that she will take up the death of two indians in a fire tragedy and killing of another indian in that country during her talks with the authorities.
;;0.0;;swaraj on saturday left for a two-nation three-day visit to iran and russia.
;;-0.4939;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has already said that it would be considered as a premeditated murder and pakistan should be ready to face the consequences.
;;-0.9601;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)every attack and death of indians in the us should not be considered as hate crime, external affairs minister said on thursday after members in the rajya sabha voiced concerns over recent incidents of violence.
;;0.0;;barely a day after her return from her five-day visit to beijing, suu kyi was receiving indias external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4927;;unlike in the west, where delhi does not have much room to alter the dynamics of the deepening sino-pak alliance, it remains the most important external actor in nepal.
;;0.1531;;as the military government prepared for a democratic transition and to diversify its external relations  away from its dependence on beijing  the us moved quickly to lift some of the sanctions it had imposed on burma.
;;0.0;;her talks with swaraj this week are part of the same process.
;;0.3412;;in her response, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted, ms rosemary nowak  pl do not worry.
;;0.0;;the ministry of external affairs ( mea) and its minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, are in touch with us and keep us apprised of the developments.
;;0.6808;;b'asking young women not to be averse to joining politics,senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj today said good people were needed to clean up the political life in the country.
;;0.2732;;in an interaction with around 200 girls as part of celebration to mark the international womens day on march 8,swaraj threw light on various aspects of her life as well as her opinion on a range of issues related to women.
;;0.0;;swaraj also expressed deep concern over female foeticide.
;;-0.6705;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo/file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo/file)bodies of 39 indians killed in war-torn iraq will be brought to india in a weeks time, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told the families of the deceased on monday.
;;0.5574;;this was conveyed by the minister during her meeting with families, who were appreciative of efforts made by the government, specially by sawraj and minister of state for external affairs v k singh, official sources said.
;;-0.4588;;davinder singh, younger brother of gobinder singh, who was among those killed in iraq, told pti over phone after meeting swaraj in new delhi, we were assured all kind of assistance, including the possibility of a government job to the next of kin.
;;0.0;;the meeting with swaraj lasted for about 45 minute, he said.
;;0.0;;a few months ago, banerjee had told a bangla channel that she is not averse to the candidature of either bjp leader l k advani or that of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, or even lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan.
;;0.0;;prime miniser narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj were seen in the rajya sabha.
;;-0.296;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday met the family members of 39 indian men missing in iraq since june 2014 in delhi.
;;0.0516;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said mahatma gandhi and nelson mandela gave hope to the enslaved people of this world, whether under colonialism or apartheid.
;;0.0516;;(express photo/tashi tobgyal/file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said mahatma gandhi and nelson mandela gave hope to the enslaved people of this world, whether under colonialism or apartheid.
;;-0.1779;;(express photo/tashi tobgyal/file)mahatma gandhi and nelson mandela gave hope to those facing injustice and discrimination, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said here today, as she recalled indias role at international forums to help south african people in their fight against apartheid.
;;0.0;;swaraj was the keynote speaker at a banquet at the city hall here marking the 125th anniversary of the day when on june 7, 1893, mohandas karamchand gandhi, a young lawyer then, was thrown off a train compartment reserved for whites only.
;;0.4404;;swaraj lauded the role of indian-origin south africans in the struggle for freedom.
;;0.1027;;swaraj recalled the support that india provided to south africa at international forums during its struggle against apartheid.
;;0.0;;swaraj also highlighted the participation by south african youth in various programmes run by india.
;;0.0;;a statement issued by the german embassy said: the german head of state will talk with prime minister (narendra) modi and other high-ranking politicians, such as vice president venkaiah naidu and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;this has found expression in having biennial summit level inter-governmental consultations (igc), which germany has with select countries only, a statement issued by the ministry of external affairs said.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(express file photo by prem nath pandey) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.5859;;(express file photo by prem nath pandey)addressing the indian ocean conference through video conferencing external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday said india is focusing on developing an architecture that strengthens culture of cooperation to effectively combat trans-national challenges.
;;0.0;;the external affairs minister joined was also present at the conference through video conferencing.
;;0.3612;;swaraj said, minister of state for external affairs mj akbar emphasized on the importance of sea.
;;0.7269;;senior leaders like sushmaswaraj swaraj,rajnath singh and arun jaitley are in great demand.
;;0.128;;a man from bihar has been languishing in a jail in saudi arabia for over 15 years, and his family, unable to pay a punishment sum of over rs 1 crore to secure his release, has now approached external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for help.
;;-0.4215;;mohammed irfan, 42, was arrested for allegedly committing theft of medicines from a local government warehouse in jeddah in january 2000 and since then he has been in jail, according to a december 21, 2016 correspondence between the ministry of external affairs and national commission for minorities (ncm) member praveen davar.
;;-0.1531;;given the prevalent rules/laws of the kingdom of saudi arabia, no one can exempt/waive or commute punishment awarded under private right except the affected party, the correspondence from the office of minister of state for external affairs m j akbar said.
;;0.1027;;after 8-10 months, through various channels which included writing to indias external affairs ministry and minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, visas were granted to my son, wife and mewe were lucky; there are several other children who are in dire need of medical treatment but cannot avail it due to visa issues.
;;0.8126;;notably, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj yesterday made a statement in both the houses of parliament, asserting that india will go out of way to ensure justice to jadhav who is an innocent kidnapped indian.
;;-0.7346;;watch video: uri attack: john kerry spoke to sushmaswaraj swaraj twice over 2 dayswhile pakistan has raised the kashmir issue at the high-level segments of the general assembly and other un platforms in previous years, sharif appears set to take an even more aggressive stand on kashmir at the world body, having vowed in pakistan to emphatically highlight the issue and the alleged human rights abuses by india.
;;-0.7391;;in a strong response, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said in her address that india does not need four points but just one that pakistan should give up terrorism and let us sit down and talk.
;;0.0;;swaraj will address the general assembly on september 26 and a sharp response is expected from her to sharifs rhetoric on kashmir.
;;0.0;;with selim now preparing to shift eman to abu dhabi for treatment under vps healthcare, calls have come in from union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, and maharashtras tourism minister jaykumar rawal and health minister deepak sawant.
;;-0.7184;;express photoindian national gurdip singh, who was to be executed last night on drug charges in indonesia, has not been put to death, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on friday.
;;0.4404;;kulwinder, gurdips wife, thanked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and said that it was because of her intervention that the execution did not happen on friday night.
;;0.4019;;(source: express photo by praveen jain)criticising his remarks, the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted: shri naresh agrawal has joined bhartiya janata party.
;;0.0;;vice president hamid ansari, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and finance minister arun jaitley will also call on the nepal president.
;;0.0;;bexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;(express photo by amit mehra) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.1027;;(express photo by amit mehra)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday was admitted to the countrys premier all india institutes of medical sciences (aiims).
;;0.7351;;share this article related article sushmaswaraj swaraj out of icu, to be discharged in 7-10 days: aiimssushma swaraj out of icu, to be discharged in 7-10 days: aiims sushmaswaraj swaraj's kidney transplant at aiims successful, likely to be discharged in a weeksushma swaraj's kidney transplant at aiims successful, likely to be discharged in a week sushmaswaraj swaraj undergoes kidney transplant at aiimssushma swaraj undergoes kidney transplant at aiims sushmaswaraj swaraj ends speculation on health: kidney failure, in hospital for transplant testssushma swaraj ends speculation on health: kidney failure, in hospital for transplant tests sushmaswaraj swaraj admitted to aiimssushma swaraj admitted to aiims sushmaswaraj swaraj's health now stable, likely to be discharged soonaround 10 pm, sixty-four-year-old swaraj was shifted to the cardio-neuro centre of the hospital.
;;0.7964;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, during her visit to myanmar earlier this month, convoyed to the myanmarese leadership that india is ready to help the buddhist nation for safe, speedy and sustainable return of the displaced rohingya muslims.
;;-0.3182;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj publicly threatened in january to rescind visas of amazon employees if the doormats were not removed from its canadian website.
;;0.0459;;watch video |father karan johar introduces roohi, yash to the worldafter the bill was cleared by the union cabinet in august last year, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said: we do not recognise homosexual or live-in relationships, we do not want to entitle themit is not in our ethos.
;;0.0258;;subsequently, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took cognizance of the matter.
;;-0.5106;;the external affairs minister, who has built a reputation of acting quickly on matters related to indians in distress in foreign countries, asked the singer to contact her on phone.
;;0.6801;;later, minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju wrote to sami, assuring him that the most dynamic sushmaswaraj swaraj was looking into the matter.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj is a lady full of heart and she is in touch with me and is looking after our people.
;;-0.8934;;b'file photo of home minister rajnath singh file photo of home minister rajnath singhhome minister rajnath singh chaired a high-level meeting attended by defence minister manohar parrikar, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, and road transport minister nitin gadkari at his residence on saturday evening to discuss the situation arising out of the violent jat protests in haryana, and necessary measures to stop incidents of violence and arson in the state.
;;-0.3818;;some saw arun jaitley losing the information and broadcasting ministry as a sign of his diminishing clout; in fact, jaitley even now has too much on his plate: in addition to finance and corporate affairs, he heads nearly 70 per cent of all gom (group of ministers) committees.
;;-0.1027;;just a fortnight ago, the former external affairs minister had questioned the need for india to seek nsg membership.
;;-0.5719;;dwindling estatemos for external affairs v k singh has found to his fury that his duties have steadily dwindled over the last two years.
;;0.0926;;this did not convince the combative former diplomat, k c singh, who tweeted that surely swaraj could have postponed her meeting by an hour.
;;0.3612;;in the programme, he also spoke about the upcoming event to grant sainthood to mother teresa on september 4 which will be attended by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.34;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, principal secretary nripendra misra, national security adviser ajit doval and foreign secretary sujatha singh and other officials were present at the meeting, the pmo statement said.
;;-0.5859;;the statement came a day after rabbani spoke over telephone with external minister sushmaswaraj swaraj about the abduction.
;;0.8807;;rabbani in the conversation assured the indian external affairs minister that the afghan security forces would not spare any efforts in rescuing and ensuring the security and safety of the engineers, the afghan statement said.
;;0.0;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and general vk singh in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by prem nath pandey) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and general vk singh in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that china was not opposing indias membership and was talking about criteria and process for becoming an nsg member.
;;0.0;;i am in contact with 23 nations, one or two have raised concerns, but i think consensus is there, said swaraj.
;;0.0;;earlier, ministry of external affairs (mea) spokesperson vikas swarup confirmed that jaishankar visited beijing on june 16-17 for bilateral consultations with his chinese counterpart.
;;-0.4404;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajindia on thursday assured nepal that it will expedite the inquiry into the killing of a nepalese national at the india-nepal border allegedly by the indian border force ssb.
;;0.0;;this was conveyed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during a meeting with nepal deputy prime minister bimalendra nidhi.
;;-0.5994;;the external affairs minister expressed condolence over the death of a nepalese national on india-nepal border.
;;-0.3818;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday directed the indian high commission in south sudan to help the family of an indian man shot dead there in bringing his body back to india.
;;-0.4019;;indian high commissioner in south sudan  plz contact the bereaved family and help them, swaraj tweeted in response to an appeal for help by a man who said his cousin had been shot dead in juba.
;;0.6908;;by gods grace, indian embassy staff are safe in the massive #kabul blast, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted this morning.
;;-0.2846;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had told parliament last month that 40 indians were abducted by isis from mosul in iraq in june 2014, but one of them escaped.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also said if the execution takes place, the relations between the two nations will further deteriorate.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with turkish foreign minister mevlut cavusoglu of turkey in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with turkish foreign minister mevlut cavusoglu of turkey in new delhi.
;;0.0;;in an interview, after holding talks with his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj, the turkish foreign minister also said, i have already taken up this issue with my counterpart.
;;-0.4019;;asked for a response to the ministers comments, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said the indian side is sensitive to turkish concerns and indian security agencies were looking into ankaras demand for closure of associations connected with feto which were carrying out illegal activities.
;;0.6597;;we appreciate the prompt support to our democratically elected government by my indian counterpart, external affairs minister swaraj, cavusoglu added.
;;-0.6705;;punjab chief minister amarinder singh has spoken to minister of state for external affairs v k singh to follow up on the issue of bringing back the mortal remains of the indian hostages killed in isis captivity in iraq.
;;-0.3818;;the chief minister, who had on tuesday called up and also written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the issue, on wednesday told mediapersons at the vidhan sabha that v k singh has informed him that it would take around two weeks to bring back the mortal remains of the deceased, which were exhumed from a mass grave in badush  a village northwest of mosul in iraq.
;;0.7845;;amarinder singh said that he had written to swaraj on the issue yesterday and was hopeful about a positive response from the centre.
;;0.34;;shortly after her return, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj welcomed her back home, calling her indias daughter.
;;-0.9325;;read: indian woman uzma forced to marry in pak returns home; sushmaswaraj swaraj welcomes her backin her early 20s, uzma talked about the torture, harassment and domestic violence meted out to her by her husband tahir ali, even as she accused him of forcing her into marrying him in pakistan on may 3.
;;-0.4404;;because of my daughter i signed it, they scared me so much that i signed, said uzma at the joint press conference in the presence of sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.5994;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 25, 2017crediting the indian government and sushmaswaraj swaraj for securing her release from pakistan, uzma said: i credit my release to sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.3875;;sushma used to call me asking me not to fear as i am indias daughter.
;;0.4215;;meanwhile, sushmaswaraj swaraj sought to give credit to pakistans foreign and home ministry along with lawyer shahnawaz noon, who she said fought her case like a father.
;;0.3818;;he said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had already made the countrys stand clear in this regard and that whatever he had said in parliament in this regard few days back remains unchanged.
;;0.5106;;on tuesday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj raised the issue with uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, who assured swift probe in the incident.
;;0.34;;the janjua-doval bangkok national security session was a pre-scheduled meeting and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was apparently aware of it.
;;0.0;;interestingly,when bjp had announced its alliance with the hjc during adampur bypolls in haryana,party leader sushmaswaraj swaraj and then bjp chief nitin gadkari had come to hisar and announced that ties with hjc were unbreakable.
;;-0.6705;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will pay a two-day visit to myanmar from may 10 during which key bilateral and regional issues, including the situation in the rakhine state from where thousands of rohingya muslims had fled following violence last year, are likely to be discussed.
;;-0.5267;;indian embassy has asked all indians in turkey to avoid public places and remain indoors until the situation there becomes clearer(source: ap) indian embassy has asked all indians in turkey to avoid public places and remain indoors until the situation there becomes clearer(source: ap)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj asked indian nationals in turkey to stay indoors while the country faced unrest due to a military coup.
;;-0.3818;;in a series of tweets, swaraj provided emergency numbers for indian nationals in turkey and asked them not to go out.
;;-0.296;;@indianembassytr @mjakbar  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 16, 2016the indian embassy in turkey had advised all indians in turkey to avoid public places and remain indoors until the situation there becomes clearer in view of a military coup.
;;-0.5267;;our embassy in ankara advises indian nationals in turkey to avoid public places and remain indoors until the situation there becomes clearer  vikas swarup (@meaindia) july 15, 2016our embassy in ankara advises indian nationals in turkey to avoid public places and remain indoors until the situation there becomes clearer, ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
;;-0.34;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted monday, the air ambulance of medanta hospital with five member crew caught fire and crash-landed near bangkok.
;;0.6597;;senior party leader mm joshi, home minister rajnath singh, union finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, union minister venkaiah naidu and other party leaders will also be present at the meeting.
;;0.1139;;among the few ministers who have not been affected are home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, road transport and highways.
;;0.0;;new entrant vijay goel gets independent charge of the sports ministry, while s s ahluwali is mos agriculture and farmers welfare, parliamentary affairs.
;;0.6249;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)india on monday said pakistan cannot take kashmir to the international court of justice (icj) and asserted that the issue must be resolved bilaterally.
;;-0.296;;india wants to settle all issues with pakistan through dialogue, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, but also made it amply clear that talks and terror cannot go together.
;;0.0;;swaraj was addressing a press conference on completion of three years of the government.
;;0.0;;the informal summit was the key takeaway after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chinese state councillor and foreign minister wang yi met in beijing sunday on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) foreign ministers meet.
;;0.5719;;read | sushmaswaraj swaraj in china: pm modis call to xi spurred positive momentum for dialogue, says wang yiwang, who was recently elevated to the position of state councillor, announced the informal summit  rare between india and china  and said, the two leaders will exchange views on over-arching long-term and strategic matters concerning the future of china-india relations.
;;0.6486;;on sunday, swaraj pointed out that china has assured india about data sharing on sutlej and brahmaputra rivers in 2018.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj with chinese foreign minister wang yi at the diaoyutai state guest house in beijing, sunday.
;;0.0;;(reuters) sushmaswaraj swaraj with chinese foreign minister wang yi at the diaoyutai state guest house in beijing, sunday.
;;0.6486;;he said that home minister rajnath singh and external affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj are committed to bring jadhav back safely to his homeland.
;;-0.765;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted about the crash of an air ambulance and the death of its pilot on monday night, gitika, a bangkok-based woman, tweeted, they were the angels who were coming for airlifting our mom.
;;0.4019;;watch what else is making news:gitika, her husband rachit, and father-in-law rakesh were running from pillar-to-post for the past one month to get shashi airlifted to india, and had requested for financial help from the indian embassy and the external affairs minister.
;;0.0;;gitika tweeted to swaraj in february, but did not hear from her.
;;0.0;;the two sides reviewed the full spectrum of relations during delegation level talks at hyderabad house here, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also called on prachanda, who was elected as premier for the second time last month, at the rashtrapati bhavan.
;;0.3182;;union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by tashi tobgyal) union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by tashi tobgyal)heaping praise on narendra modi, union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said the prime minister has lived up to his mantra of sabka saath sabka vikas (development of all) by empowering indians not just in the country but also those living abroad.
;;0.4939;;swaraj further stated that the government had successfully evacuated 1.
;;0.0;;india was deciding global agenda under the leadership of pm modi, according to swaraj.
;;-0.296;;so, while a section sought to suggest that venkaiah naidus inclusion in the panel of three meant his exclusion from the list, that logic, indirectly, would mean external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj could be in contention.
;;-0.2263;;as police remained clueless about missing liga, her elder sister ilze had tweeted to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on march 22, please help, we are heart-broken and worried.
;;0.34;;on sunday, she took a dig at narayanasamy again for citing national security issues to curb the use of social media by officials, quoting external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.7351;;condoling the death of former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, senior bjp leader lal krishna advani called it an irreparable loss.
;;0.4019;;advani recalled how swaraj as a promising young activist was inducted in his team when he was the president.
;;0.4019;;sushmaji was someone who i have known and worked with since the beginning of her illustrious innings in the bharatiya janata party.
;;0.0;;in photos | see rare photos of former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajprime minister narendra modi led the nation in paying her tribute.
;;0.1027;;he will hold delegation-level talks with prime minister modi tomorrow, besides meeting defence and finance minister arun jaitley and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.6908;;the mauritian pms visit to india is part of our continuing engagement with the government of mauritius at the highest level and reflects special ties between our two countries, ministry of external affairs spokesperson gopal baglay had said yesterday.
;;0.2023;;gokhale, on his maiden visit to the us as indias top diplomat, met the under secretary of state for political affairs thomas shannon at the foggy bottom headquarters of the state department yesterday.
;;0.1027;;the dialogue involves external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, defence minister nirmala sitharaman and their american counterparts.
;;0.0;;singh, who is on his maiden visit to pakistan, is accompanied by a delegation comprising officials from home and external affairs ministries.
;;0.6705;;besides praising wani, sharif had also said that kashmir will one day become pakistan, a comment which evoked a sharp reaction from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who said his dream of the state becoming a part of his country will not be realised even at the end of eternity.
