;;0.296;;nagpur: it was a moment of immense pride and sorrow for sushmaswaraj , widow of martyred indian air force (iaf) corporal jyotiprakash nirala , when she was felicitated for her husbands bravery.
;;0.3818;;as sushmaswaraj sat on the dais with her daughter jigyasa on her lap, she was overwhelmed with emotions when she shared memories of her husband with the audience.
;;0.7184;;i take this opportunity to request you to kindly issue necessary instructions for starting popsks/psks, pradhan wrote to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj pradhan named angul, berhampur, balasore, kendrapara, bolangir, jajpur and bhawanipatna as the places requiring the popsks/psks.
;;0.5106;;pradhan also expressed gratitude to swaraj for sanctioning three popsks at rourkela, sambalpur and koraput in odisha.
;;0.6597;;were definitely going to seek help from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj .
;;0.4767;;some friends and families of the detained indian students are using twitter seeking help from the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.6124;;could you please help me on this, one madhuri wrote on twitter to swaraj.
;;0.0;;in new delhi, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said, we are aware about this incident.
;;0.0;;deeply flawed and tampers with the basics of our constitution, leader of opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj told the lok sabha, initiating the debate on the lokpal bill which was introduced in the house last week.
;;-0.5242;;swaraj accused the government of bringing the bill under compulsion and from the bill it is not clear as to what the purpose of the bill really is.
;;0.0;;swaraj also objected to the reservation for minorities and said it was being done on the basis of religion.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the government has information that 23 passports belonging to sikh pilgrims have been misplaced by pakistan high commission, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told parliament on wednesday.
;;0.2023;;while talking to toi, gurpinder said union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had been claiming for past three-and-a-half years that all of them were alive but the government didnt know their whereabouts.
;;-0.1779;;bains also claimed he had already apprised external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, former prime minister manmohan singh, and punjab vidhan sabha speaker rana kp singh about the issue, and now he would take up the matter with sikh associations in the us, asking them to raise it with senators so that us embassy in india apologizes for hurting the religious sentiments of sikhs, and stops this practice at the earliest.
;;0.0;;co/76upt9nsyb  congress (@incindia) 1565165486000new delhi: upa chairperson sonia gandhi on wednesday said former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , who passed away on tuesday gave indian diplomacy a human face.
;;0.6712;;i am shocked and deeply saddened at the sudden passing away of your beloved wife, smt sushmaswaraj swaraj , gandhi said in a letter to late minister's husband swaraj kaushal sushmaswaraj swaraj was a lady of extraordinary gifts, her courage, determination, dedication and ability manifest in every position she held.
;;0.9766;;she went on to say that sushmaswaraj swaraj was a superb orator, a great parliamentarian and had a rare gift for friendship that won her affection and admiration across the political spectrum.
;;0.9325;;you must draw solace from the fact that sushmaji lived a life of honour, filled with achievement and contributions to the country she loved; respected and admired by all indians.
;;-0.34;;swaraj passed away at aiims following a cardiac arrest on tuesday night.
;;-0.3674;;although the organization condemned the india incursion, it did not accede to demand from some pakistani quarters that its invitation to new delhi, to be represented by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, be withdrawn.
;;0.0;;the fact that the ministry of external affairs had asked for access to jadhav 16 times did not go unnoticed by the court.
;;0.34;;india prays for the return of this officer and knowing sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is the most pro-active external affairs minister we have ever had, anything is possible.
;;0.2732;;worried over their plight, naseem begum, another sister, wrote to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to rescue them.
;;-0.1027;;meanwhile, the family of another woman from the city has urged the ministry of external affairs ( mea ) for help as she was arrested in jeddah without any valid reason.
;;0.0;;file: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajmake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.2023;;new delhi: in a significant first, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will address the inaugural session of the foreign ministers conclave of organisation of islamic cooperation ( oic ) on march 1.
;;0.4019;;a similar appeal was also made to andhra pradesh chief minster n chandrababu naidu and union minister for external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for help.
;;0.1027;;she then reached out to the ministry of external affairs ( mea ) through social media, whose intervention helped her return to bengaluru on saturday.
;;0.0258;;amid the gloom, a few friends, however, encouraged her to tweet to mea and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on december 17, jyotsna said in a tweet: @meaindia @sushmaswaraj mam i am a musician touring germany, have british passport and oci, i live in bangalore, lost my wallet which had passport & oci, my travel is booked on this friday to india for an emergency, i will get british etd today, pls help with visa to india (sic).
;;-0.0772;;this story is from december 3, 2018external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during a party meeting in bikaner on sundaydownload the times of india news app for latest citybikaner: hitting out at congress president rahul gandhi for questioning prime minister narendra modi's knowledge about hinduism, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , on sunday, said that the fight is between the three captains, pakistan cricket captain imran khan, military captain amarinder singh and congress captain gandhi, reacting to congress leader navjot singh sidhu 's series of statements, including that on the punjab chief minister.
;;0.296;;swaraj reiterated that new delhi is open to talks with islamabad only if there is a terror-free and stable atmosphere.
;;0.6369;;he urged prime minister narendera modi and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to take up the matter with pakistan to ensure that the entry of kartarpur sahib corridor must be open for all devotees, for sikhs as well as hindus whosoever want to pay their obeisance at gurudwara sri kartarpur sahib on the occasion of celebrations of 550th birth anniversary of guru nanak dev ji.
;;0.0;;home minister rajnath singh and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj were present in the house.
;;0.6808;;sinha thanked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for her help in setting up a passport seva kendra at the bettiah head post office.
;;0.6249;;guwahati: with chief minister sarbananda sonowal by her side at the pravasi bharatiya divas in singapore on sunday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj pushed the northeast as a pitch to southeast asia while emphasizing greater cooperation between india and the association for southeast asian nations asean ) for mutual growth.
;;0.0;;swaraj and sonowal also met singapore minister for foreign affairs vivian balakrishnan and discussed bilateral issues for the promotion of india-singapore relations.
;;0.0;;swaraj introduced sonowal as the symbol of resurgence of india's northeast.
;;0.3818;;far from accepting the chinese programme, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj listed a wide range of connectivity infrastructure projects being planned and executed by india in different countries.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 14, 2019sushma swaraj (toi file photo)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.8271;;india's position was enunciated by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the historic india-central asia dialogue here, with the participation of afghanistan, which focussed on regional issues, including enhancing connectivity to the country ravaged by terrorism i would like to point out that our region is facing serious challenges posed by terrorism.
;;0.4215;;swaraj offered to extend this partnership to central asia as well.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 25, 2018on behalf of pakistan i have extended an invitation to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj @sushmaswaraj ,capt https://t.
;;0.2732;;co/yxfnkmi1rn  shah mahmood qureshi (@smqureshipti) 1543069345000islamabad/new delhi: india will send two union ministers, harsimrat kaur and hardeep puri, to attend the ground-breaking ceremony for kartarpur corridor in pakistan even though external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday declined the invite by pakistan citing prior commitments.
;;0.0;;islamabad had invited swaraj, punjab cm amarinder singh and state minister navjot singh sidhu for the ceremony on november 28, pakistan foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi announced on twitter on saturday.
;;0.6597;;however, she said, being mindful of the sentiments of india's sikh citizens and the importance of facilitating their smooth and easy access to the holy place, india will send union ministers harsimrat kaur badal (minister for food processing industries) and hardeep puri (mos, housing and urban affairs) to kartarpur.
;;0.0;;the last time swaraj travelled to pakistan  in december 2015  india and pakistan ended up resuming the bilateral dialogue process.
;;0.0;;on behalf of pakistan i have extended an invitation to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj @sushmaswaraj ,capt amarinder singh @capt_amarinder & navjot singh sidhu @sherryontopp to attend the groundbreaking ceremony at #kartarpura on 28 nov, 2018.
;;-0.2732;;they are going to get a nasty surprise yet again, said a senior government source familiar with the deliberations which were attended by home minister rajnath singh, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley, defence minister nirmala sitharaman, nsa ajit doval and army chief general bipin rawat among others.
;;0.4215;;the victim's relative jabeena sultana in a letter to the union external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj , asked that reshma be rescued.
;;0.4019;;everyday a car takes her and other girls to a hotel or a party to dance, jabeena sultana said in a letter to sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.6486;;address at the shanghai cooperation organisation +sushma swaraj: need for indians and chinese to learn each other's language i want to say that the way india and china's relation are strengthening, trade is increasing, we are working together on international forums, it has become increasingly important that you learn hindi and we learn chinese, sushmaswaraj swaraj said in beijing.
;;-0.6808;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , during her sco ) council of foreign ministers meeting also attended by pakistan foreign minister khawaja muhammad asif, raised the issue of global terrorism and protectionism.
;;0.7269;;swaraj also raised the issue of reforms at the un security council and said it is clear to many of us that the security council is increasingly unable, or sometimes unwilling, to respond to the security challenges of our times, with tragic consequences.
;;0.0;;guwahati: ahead of her two-day visit to myanmar from may 10, the gateway to asean and the country closest to the northeastern region, which prime minister narendra modi has described as the heart of india's act east policy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday interacted with the chief ministers of the eight states of the region.
;;0.0;;union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took cognizance of the incident reported in toi and asked the consul general of india in chicago for a report on the incident.
;;0.296;;they will join him soon, sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted on tuesday.
;;0.0;;government of pakistan has conveyed that they will give visa to the mother and wife of kulbhushan jadhav, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted.
;;0.128;;pompeo and mattis are expected to host their indian counterparts - external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defense minister nirmala sitharaman -some time this summer for the inaugural 2+2 dialogue.
;;-0.7689;;he reportedly confessed to having murdered sushmaswaraj and the baby boy (yet to be named) as she was addicted to facebook and instagram and did not cook or clean on time.
;;0.0;;raju, a resident of gangondanahalli near madanayakanahalli, had befriended 25-year-old sushmaswaraj , of kyathsandra near tumakuru, on facebook two years ago.
;;-0.3818;;over the past few weeks, though, raju was increasingly upset over sushmaswaraj spending too much time on her smartphone.
;;0.1027;;meanwhile, defence minister nirmala sitharaman joined external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in beijing on monday evening in the task of laying the ground for the modi-xi summit.
;;0.0;;sitharaman will attend the meeting of the shanghai cooperation organization along with swaraj and ministers from china, russia, and central asian countries on tuesday.
;;-0.0516;;china signalled the extent of its seriousness about the modi-xi summit when chinese vice-president wang qishan, the former anti-corruption czar who is regarded to be close to xi, held a meeting with swaraj on monday.
;;-0.0258;;india and pakistan had arrived at an agreement over the humanitarian issue of prisoners last year in october after a meeting between foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and pakistan high commissioner sohail mahmood.
;;-0.7579;;swaraj had suggested that both countries cooperate in matters related to mentally unsound prisoners and also juvenile, elderly and women prisoners.
;;0.5859;;when someone responsible like external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is saying so, theres very little option left, said a relative.
;;0.4019;;while acknowledging the need for a full-fledged passport officer for goa, sawaikar said he has already apprised external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj about the issue and was confident the demand will soon be met.
;;0.5106;;it was officially launched by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and road, transport and highways minister nitin gadkari in new delhi on february 4 as part of the 30th road safety week.
;;0.3612;;senior bjp leaders like sushmaswaraj swaraj, arun jaitley and murlimanohar joshi are likely to accompany advani during his jan jagaran yatra.
;;0.0;;in the bellay parliamentary byelection in 1999, when aicc president sonia gandhi took on bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj, the reddy brothers and sriramulu caught the attention of their 'taayi' (swaraj).
;;-0.5574;;kuldeeps mother sushmaswaraj and sister annu provoked her husband to make her life difficult, he said.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 4, 2019external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.2263;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday told the rajya sabha that the french government is satisfied after the supreme court cleared the air over the rafale fighter deal and said the scam lies only in the mind of the opposition.
;;-0.296;;swaraj replied: there is no controversy.
;;0.25;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday ruled out the possibility of starting the comprehensive bilateral dialogue process with pakistan in the current circumstances even as she acknowledged that the nsas were talking and track ii neemrana dialogue was recently held between the two countries.
;;-0.3182;;as for the nsa dialogue, we agreed to it because we believe we have talks on terror with pakistan, added swaraj.
;;-0.4588;;swaraj also attacked pakistan for the recent promulgation of gilgit-baltistan order which, she said, sought to turn the region into another pakistan province.
;;0.5023;;pakistan which doesnt believe in rule of law is trying to teach us history but when i saw their reaction, i felt like saying look, whos talking, said swaraj.
;;-0.6808;;a visibly upset sushmaswaraj swaraj also attacked congress on monday for the suggestion that she had been marginalised by the pmo and that her role was confined to handling twitter for the external affairs ministry.
;;0.0;;according to a schedule put out by the external affairs ministry, modi was to meet rouhani at 3:35 pm (local time).
;;0.6705;;in her meeting with zarif, then then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj conveyed to him that india will take a decision on the import of iranian oil after the lok sabha polls, keeping in mind its commercial, economic and energy security interests.
;;0.4939;;besides meeting external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and possibly pm narendra modi , wang will attend an india-china film festival in new delhi on friday .
;;0.3182;;new delhi: seeking to strengthen bilateral trade and investment, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and visiting russian deputy pm dmitry rogozin took stock of economic ties between the two countries.
;;0.4767;;external affairs minister and deputy prime minister of russia rogozin undertook a comprehensive review of economic cooperation in the areas of trade and investment, transport, energy, agriculture, industry and space under irigcec (framework), mea spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
;;-0.7184;;jalandhar/amritsar: punjab chief minister amarinder singh on tuesday urged union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to take up the issue of alleged forced conversions of sikhs to islam in khyber-pakhtunkhwa region of pakistan, little realising that islamabad had already acted on the matter and suspended an official.
;;0.0258;;in tweets where he tagged union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and @meaindia, samuel pointed out, the immigration officer at counter 33 clearly profiled me, saw my indian passport and assumed that i should know hindi, and even after politely informing him that i do not know hindi, continued his impolite behaviour.
;;0.0;;moreover, three other mps have expressed unwillingness to contest 2019 ls polls, including external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.6808;;a party leader said the prime minister also credited women cabinet ministers, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman, for the two events.
;;0.5106;;he is survived by his wife sushmaswaraj (28) and three-year-old daughter.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on the vietnamese president.
;;0.7096;;their discussions focused on steps to further strengthen country's comprehensive strategic partnership by expanding cooperation across all sectors, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
;;0.0;;for the bjp, which contested in 118 seats, prime minister narendra modi, bjp national president amit shah, union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, chief ministers from bjp-ruled states and many others campaigned.
;;0.0;;hashmi's son ali hashmi, in a tweet tagged to pm narendra modi and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, said, this is your shining india?
;;-0.0772;;early wednesday, ansari had an emotional interaction with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj as tears rolled down his cheeks while narrating his ordeal.
;;0.7184;;the womans husband, shaik abdul razzak has approached the ministry of external affairs and the indian embassy in kuwait, seeking their help to rescue her.
;;0.0;;she was working for 14-16 hours and is not even provided food and accommodation, her husband said in his letter to the external affairs ministry.
;;0.0258;;the matter has been brought to the notice of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4588;;these measures include a dedicated website for putting up unanswered summonses which will be set up by the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.3818;;speaking to, sriramulu recalled his association with union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, the tai (mother) of the ballarireddys, saying her strength looms large in the district.
;;0.4215;;it attracted around 60 marriage applications with suitors sending in cvs from across the country, including rajasthan, uttar pradesh, uttarakhand, bihar, madhya pradesh and gujarat all the cvs were sent to the external affairs ministry, where officials shortlisted 26 candidates.
;;0.0;;according to purohit, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said that geeta is india's daughter and her marriage will be organized by the government.
;;0.4184;;china was careful not to upset india ahead of the meeting of russia , india and china in a chinese town, which will be attended by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , chinese state councillor and foreign minister wang yi and russian foreign minister sergei lavrov.
;;0.3818;;after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who made her intentions clear last fortnight not to contest the polls citing health reasons, uma is the second woman minister in modi cabinet to do so.
;;0.4019;;talking to reporters in bhopal , uma bharti said she had announced her desire not to contest the polls much earlier than sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: israeli pm benjamin netanyahu sunday told foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj that using the inherent strengths of their relationship, based on their expertise in technology and people-to-people contacts, india and israel can form the relationship of the future.
;;0.0;;in his meeting with swaraj, in which he spoke about how the 2 countries can build the relationship of the future, netanyahu essentially made 3 points.
;;0.0;;chandigarh: punjab chief minister amarinder singh on monday asked union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to provide all necessary assistance to the families of the hostages killed in iraq in performing the last rites, along with giving an ex-gratia relief for them.
;;0.3818;;amarinder, who wrote to sushmaswaraj on the issue, also called her to speak to her personally to ensure that the centre makes efforts to bring back the mortal remains of the deceased to india for last rites.
;;0.6808;;sushma assured amarinder that the indian government was making arrangements to bring the last remains in coffins, with due respect being accorded to the deceased.
;;0.0;;mbt leader, amjed ullah khan , pursued the case with the external affairs minister and the high commission as the woman's husband was not allowing her to return.
;;0.0;;toi highlighted the problem of mohammadia begum on january 7, 2017 following which union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj asked indian high commission in pakistan to provide help.
;;0.4019;;with amjed ullah khan writing repeatedly to sushmaswaraj swaraj to help mohammadia begum, she was provided a visa.
;;0.6808;;he thanked sushmaswaraj swaraj and the indian high commission for the help in rescuing her and facilitating her return.
;;0.7692;;but ties with maldives are not broken and cannot be broken, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said in her annual press conference on monday when asked about the maldives.
;;0.1779;;the working president also said that he would speak to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to extend further assistance to krishnas family.
;;0.5719;;ktr said mahbubabad mp seetharam naik had personally met sushmaswaraj swaraj and urged the centre to ensure that the victim got all the required medical care in the us.
;;0.4019;;last year, kt rama rao, then nri affairs minister of telangana , had also tweeted to union external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, urging her to direct the indian embassy in iraq to help thota mohan.
;;0.4019;;while kiran, who has now taken the name amna bibi, claims she married and converted to islam of her own accord, her father-in-law, former granthi (sikh priest) tarsem singh, has appealed to foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to help him bring kiran back.
;;0.0;;iliyas thaim, who did all the communication with external affairs ministry and indian embassy in iran on behalf of sailors family members, said, we have planned to take appointment of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to request her to pursue umars release with iran.
;;0.0;;according to ministry of external affairs moea ), the deceased from bihar are santosh kumar singh (35), bidya bhushan tiwari (36), adalat singh (37), sunil kumar kushwaha (38) and dharmendra kumar (39).
;;0.0;;i met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj 11 times in delhi.
;;-0.5719;;sushma swaraj had promised our uncle that she would get back my husband and others, but she failed, bidyas wailing wife poonam devi told reporters.
;;0.0;;i met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj 11 times in delhi.
;;-0.5719;;sushma swaraj had promised our uncle that she would get back my husband and others, but she failed, bidya's wailing wife poonam devi told reporters.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 28, 2018union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met pramilatai medhe, former pramukh sanchalika of rashtra sevik.
;;-0.1779;;nagpur: union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday said the biggest achievement of her ministry was the help provided to indians in distress abroad.
;;0.2144;;sultans younger brother parvez has tweeted to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for help, but was yet to receive a response at the time of writing this report on monday.
;;0.0;;we tweeted (to sushmaswaraj swaraj) on sunday, but are yet to get any reply.
;;0.3818;;co/3vcfgdsl2w  rajyavardhan rathore (@ra_thore) 1565115859000shocked at the passing away of my dear sushmaswaraj swaraj ji.
;;-0.6705;;co/pa7jnytmwu  heena sidhu (@heenasidhu10) 1565153475000new delhi: the sports fraternity came together to condole the demise of former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj swaraj, 67, passed away late on tuesday after suffering a massive cardiac arrest.
;;0.5994;;i'm beyond aggrieved at the passing away of sushmaswaraj swaraj a veteran politician and a pillar of the bjp, she was loved by everyone.
;;0.0;;sports minister kiren rijiju said swaraj will always live in the hearts and minds of the people.
;;0.5574;;her clutter breaking approach as the external affairs minister will always be revered and remembered, said former union minister and olympic medallist rajyavardhan singh rathore shocked at the passing away of my dear sushmaswaraj swarajji.
;;0.6249;;decorated shooter heena sidhu described swaraj as a great leader.
;;-0.0516;;new delhi: no sooner than the indian air strikes were announced by foreign secretary vijay gokhale, the equally important task of convincing the diplomatic community, including the envoys of p5 countries, about the legitimacy of india's action was initiated by the ministry of external affairs (mea).
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to us secretary of state mike pompeo and also to foreign ministers of china, bangladesh, afghanistan and singapore to brief them about the targeting of jem camp by the indian air force (iaf).
;;0.34;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is expected to further discuss indias targeted action against jem with her chinese and russian counterparts, wang yi and sergey lavrov respectively, at the ric trilateral in wuzhen on wednesday.
;;-0.2732;;swaraj is likely to push for a strong condemnation of the pulwama attack, and also for naming of pakistan based groups like jem and let, in the joint communique.
;;-0.5106;;chandigarh:congress rajya sabha mp partap singh bajwa claimed that union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has blocked him on twitter because he raised the issue of punjabi youth who went missing in iraq.
;;-0.2732;;bajwa tweeted a screenshot of the blocked message saying, is this the way to run the external affairs ministry?
;;-0.2732;;apparently, swaraj took it personally and blocked me.
;;-0.2732;;apparently, swaraj took it personally and blocked me.
;;0.0;;sandeep thottapillys father, babu subramaniam, who lives in surat, also tweeted the issue to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.2732;;new delhi: while the search for the missing indians ended on a tragic note, junior foreign minister v k singh was singled out for special praise by foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for his efforts over the past few years.
;;-0.1531;;singh, who visited iraq several times to find out the details of the indians abducted in 2014, also took a dig at opposition parties for targeting swaraj on the issue.
;;0.5334;;the external affairs minister had said that they (the indians) will not be declared dead without proof and she kept her word.
;;0.0;;shimla: chief minister jai ram thakur said on saturday that he had contacted union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to bring back the 14 indians who have been stranded at riyadh in saudi arabia.
;;0.4019;;a little later she also sought help from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the prime minister's office, by tagging them in a tweet.
;;0.0;;senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj lambasting the pm manmohan singh and upa government termed him the most inefficient pm.
;;0.0258;;the ncw has sought the intervention of foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to consider measures to prevent nri husbands, who have deserted their wives in india, from getting ex-parte divorce in the foreign country where they reside.
;;0.0258;;sources said prime minister narendra modi discussed the matter with members of the informal ministerial core group, which includes home minister rajnath singh, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , finance minister arun jaitley and road transport minister nitin gadkari .
;;0.0;;one has gone to the commerce ministry, two to the ministry of external affairs, he said at a function on thursday.
;;0.0;;chief minister captain amarinder singh informed the house about the statement made by the union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in parliament and requested the chair to include their names in the obituary list.
;;-0.4939;;bengaluru: in an attempt to ease the police-verification process for passport applications, the external affairs ministry has reduced the number of questions the applicants have to answer from nine to six, restricting the focus to their criminal antecedents, if any.
;;0.5719;;explanation sought for toddlers verificationthe recent incident where police verification was sought for a two-month-old child, which drew the attention of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , ended on a happy note with the passport being issued to the infant within a day.
;;0.0;;the childs mother, akshata, a shivamogga-based software engineer, had approached swaraj after police askedher to get neighbours signatures and the infants pictures in front of the house with neighbours.
;;-0.4215;;in her speech after narendra modi broke his three-day sadbhavana fast at ahmedabad in gujarat, the leader of the opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj had said, someone known to mehbooba mufti had approached the chief minister wanting to invest in gujarat.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj, in her response to mehbooba's denial, wrote on her twitter page, i correctly quoted ms mehbooba mufti in ahmedabad yesterday.
;;0.3774;;so much graceful to accept rather than call ms swaraj a liar, he added.
;;0.0;;once i asked our foreign affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj if these visiting heads of nations didnt know english, she said that they know but they prefer to speak in their mother tongue.
;;0.0;;both avanti and chetna, jadhavs wife, told foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in a meeting which lasted for hours, that jadhav seemed afraid and didnt sound normal.
;;0.5994;;still trying to come to terms with the announcement made by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , relatives of parvinder kumar and jasvir singh from nawanshahr had to return home from the amritsar airport without bodies of their loved ones.
;;-0.6705;;new delhi: minister of state for external affairs vk singh on sunday left for iraq to bring back the mortal remains of the 39 indians killed in the war-torn country, officials said.
;;-0.3182;;families of some of these victims had met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj here on march 26.
;;0.6808;;an original resident of simbhaoli in hapur, singh is survived by his wife sushmaswaraj and two children  sachin and sangam.
;;-0.4588;;new delhi: union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said india will take up at the highest level the issue of forced conversion of sikhs in pakistan.
;;0.0;;concerned by the report, punjab chief minister amarinder singh urged swaraj on tuesday to take up the issue with pakistani authorities.
;;-0.296;;it is learned that the home minister may hold a meeting soon on the matter with gandhi, minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj and law minister ravi shankar prasad this meeting will be critical as it will decide the course of action the government proposes before the winter session of parliament.
;;0.0;;led by sushmaswaraj swaraj the inter-ministerial panel was set up in 2017.
;;0.0;;it was also proposed to bring changes in laws for putting up unanswered summons on the website of the ministry of external affairs and these will be considered served.
;;0.5574;;this story is from october 22, 2018new delhi: as part of india's diaspora outreach, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has written to all elderly persons of indian origin (pios), those above 90 years of age, in trinidad and tobago thanking them for their sacrifices and for promoting indianness in foreign land.
;;0.6705;;united nations: un general assembly president maria fernanda espinosa has expressed condolences at the demise of india's former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , describing her as an extraordinary woman and leader who devoted her life to public service.
;;-0.6705;;swaraj passed away at the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) in new delhi on tuesday night after suffering a cardiac arrest.
;;0.3182;;in her meeting with swaraj, the top un official had discussed revitalisation of the un, including reform of the security council, strengthening global counter terrorism legal framework and other global issues.
;;0.5367;;condolence messages poured from across india and the world at the demise of swaraj, one of the most charismatic and dignified political leaders.
;;0.0;;over the years, swaraj had visited the un on multiple occasions, addressing world leaders in hindi at the annual high-level general assembly sessions.
;;0.6249;;farewell madam @sushmaswaraj, akbaruddin said in an emotional message on twitter the global organisation of people of indian origin (gopio) also conveyed its heartfelt condolences on the passing of swaraj.
;;0.2732;;as minister looking after the overseas indian affairs, gopio has had a close working relation and cooperation on many of the nri and pio issues as well as on new initiatives from her ministry.
;;0.0;;the organisation said it has been working with swaraj since she was the leader of bjp in the rajya sabha.
;;0.0;;however, local congress leader sushmaswaraj , who was also present at the spot, said, bjp leaders have connections with gang leaders.
;;0.0;;desai sent a memorandum to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and foreign secretary vijay gokhale on march 5, and coordinated with seoni sp tarun nayak to speed up the process of verification.
;;0.1195;;we must not forget that in 2004, mrs sonia gandhi was the most vilified political person  sushmaswaraj swaraj had said she would shave her head, someone said he would become an nri or leave politics.
;;-0.6486;;in a letter to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , naseema begum's mother said both sons have fallen ill.
;;0.6808;;please rescue my daughter, she urged sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.2023;;the distraught father said that the office of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had got in touch with them on monday, promising all support.
;;0.5719;;the family has now appealed to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for help and also sought compensation since the family has no earning hand now.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 10, 2018external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (pti)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;the mechanism, which will cap a year of thaw in sino-indian ties, will be inaugurated by foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her counterpart and state councillor wang yi.
;;0.8126;;significantly for india, the strategic guidance issued by the leaders to their respective militaries to strengthen communication in order to build trust and mutual understanding, and enhance predictability and effectiveness in the management of border affairs, has held.
;;0.0;;sisir added, i had emailed external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , who forwarded it to the indian embassy in paris.
;;0.0;;senior cabinet ministers include external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh, hrd minister prakash javadekar, textile minister smriti irani , sports minister rajyavardhan singh rathore and agriculture minister gajendra singh shekhawat.
;;0.34;;<p>foreign minister of bulgaria ezaharieva welcomed eam sushmaswaraj ahead of the delegation level talks in so.
;;0.0;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met her bulgarian counterpart ekaterina zaharieva on saturday and the two discussed a range of bilateral issues including those related to economy, agriculture and health.
;;0.0;;swaraj is on a two-day official visit to bulgaria , the first ever of an indian external affairs minister to the balkan nation, according to the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.3612;;two countries are natural partners based on the foundation of deep historical and cultural linkages dating back to 8th century, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
;;0.0;;the external affairs minister will visit kingdom of morocco from february 17-18.
;;-0.4767;;this story is from november 18, 2018mangaluru man abducts 2 children to uae, wife approaches rights panel for helpdownload the times of india news app for latest cityudupi: the human rights protection fou ndation on saturday urged the external affairs ministry to heed the cry of a mother who wanted to get her two minor children (a boy and a girl) back from their father who allegedly took them from india to abu dhabi rishana nilofer of ullal alleged that her husband, mohammed shanib, employed in the gulf as an engineer, came to mangaluru on september 8 for the delivery of their third child.
;;0.0;;hrpf has submitted a detailed report about this to sushmaswaraj swaraj , external affairs minister.
;;0.3818;;however, lalita devsi, wife of missing pakistani devsi babu, said she would continue to stay in india for the entire visa duration, expressing hope that indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj might allow her to meet her in delhi.
;;0.4019;;sangrur mp bhagwant mann of the aam aadmi party, who had taken up their case with the ministry of external affairs, received them at the airport in delhi.
;;0.4019;;mann had taken up the issue with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who directed the indian embassy in armenia to help the four punjabis return home.
;;0.0258;;swaraj had also taken up the matter with punjab chief minister amarinder singh, asking him to act against the erring travel agents.
;;0.5106;;kv shamsudheen, chairman of pravasi bandhu welfare trust, said, we have written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj about issues related to aadhaar enrolment.
;;0.0;;the event was attended by senior bjp leaders, including home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, textiles minister smriti irani, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan and others.
;;0.0;;china: eam sushmaswaraj swaraj and her chinese counterpart wang yi in wuzhen.
;;-0.9349;;wuzhen (china): external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday raised the recent pulwama suicide attack in her crucial bilateral meeting with chinese foreign minister wang yi here, a day after india destroyed a major jaish-e-muhammed (jem) terror training camp in pakistan.
;;0.6249;;congress president-elect rahul gandhi, who has been engaged in an often fierce battle of wits with bjp leaders over the gujarat election, was also present at parliament and appeared to share some lighthearted moments with union ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj and ravi shankar prasad.
;;0.5574;;congress president-elect rahul gandhi was seen exchanging pleasantries with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and union law minister ravi shankar prasad after paying their respects at the martyrs' memorial.
;;0.0;;the decision was made public yesterday after talks between visiting foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her chinese counterpart wang yi.
;;-0.7845;;new delhi: an emotional reunion between kulbhushan jadhav and his wife and mother was used as a propaganda weapon by pakistan, which grossly violated the human rights of the women and presented them as widows, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told parliament on thursday.
;;0.4767;;swaraj wondered if indeed there was a device in the shoe, how did it escape the security checks of air india and emirates, the two airlines avanti and chetna flew to get to islamabad.
;;-0.4215;;the mother and wife, after their return, conveyed to swaraj that jadhav appeared under considerable stress and was speaking in an atmosphere of coercion.
;;-0.765;;leader of opposition in the rajya sabha and congress leader ghulam nabi azad sought a discussion on atrocities against the scs and sts as well as on the statement of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the killing of 39 abducted indians in iraq.
;;0.0;;zaheda wrote to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, saying shakera was sold by an agent who trafficked her to saudi.
;;0.4588;;i want sushmaswaraj swaraj to help bring my daughter back.
;;0.0258;;the ludhiana mp even avoided lok sabha where the issue repeatedly figured in various forms, with opposition leaders like sushmaswaraj swaraj and sharad yadav advising the first-term member to exercise restraint for a long career.
;;0.0;;co/mvaqyviyj8  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1512974976000new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday held talks with her chinese counterpart wang yi on key bilateral issues.
;;0.8689;;while foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj contacted foreign ministers of almost every gulf country to secure their release, a few kerala businessmen are also said to have played a key role in convincing is to free them.
;;0.8126;;the pm's appeal was seconded by the leader of the opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj, who also appealed to hazare to end his fast and assured him that the opposition would ensure that the govt passed a strong lokpal bill.
;;0.0;;on tuesday, ghousia put an appeal before minister of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj through a video that was posted on twitter.
;;0.4019;;the 31-year-old also sent a written application to swaraj seeking her help in getting compensation from her oman-based husband.
;;0.0;;the email to swaraj was sent along with a photograph of the couple on their wedding day and her husband's identity proof.
;;0.4019;;the bjp parliamentary board comprises prime minister narendra modi, party chief amit shah, home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley, transport minister nitin gadkari besides a few others.
;;0.0;;+is this the way to run external affairs ministry?
;;-0.2732;;questions were raised by internet users after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj blocked congress mp from punjab , pratap singh bajwa on wednesday.
;;0.0;;bajwa, it appears, had grilled the external affairs minister on the issue ofswaraj, who has 10.
;;0.0258;;the suggestion, mooted by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and backed by leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad was aired during the meeting of the national committee to commemorate the anniversary on wednesday.
;;0.4215;;co/b9858jzymz  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) 1513792789000new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced that medical visas have been approved for three pakistani nationals.
;;0.6597;;swaraj has adopted a sympathetic stand on granting medical visas to pakistani nationals notwithstanding the strain in bilateral ties.
;;0.0;;according to reports, union minister of state for external affairs v k singh would be visiting iraq on sunday and return with the remains of the 39 indians on monday - first to amritsar and then to patna and kolkota.
;;-0.8689;;on march 20, almost three and half years after they were shot dead by the is near mosul city of iraq, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had confirmed the killings following the matching of the dnas of slain indians with their relatives back home.
;;0.3612;;last monday, we had met sushmaswaraj swaraj and she had assured us of aid, added gurpinder.
;;0.0;;the first page of the booklet read team mea which featured union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and junior foreign minister v k singh apart from akbar.
;;-0.1027;;akbar, who had come under attack over allegations of misconduct by women with several opposition parties baying for his removal, also feature in photographs of several key meetings of external affairs ministry inside the booklet.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 20, 2018external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;mumbai: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said that her ministry is in the process of getting jinnah house , the sea-facing city bungalow of pakistan founder mohammad ali jinnah, transferred in its name.
;;0.0;;lodha had written to swaraj on october 5 requesting that jinnah house should be made a cultural centre.
;;0.0;;earlier, pakistan had allowed india's former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to fly directly though pakistani airspace to participate in the meeting of sco foreign ministers in bishkek on may 21.
;;0.128;;new delhi: india and china launched their first high-level people-to-people and cultural exchange mechanism on friday by listing 10 pillars of cooperation after a meeting between foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her counterpart wang yi.
;;-0.5994;;bengaluru: the failure of the ministry of external affairs to communicate changes in indian passports has affected many people planning to travel to germany since january.
;;0.0;;more than 50 of them have formed a whatsapp group and collectively tweeting to officials and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, but havent elicited any response.
;;0.7184;;mohammedi begum\'s parents - father mohd akber and mother hazira begum - are hopeful that union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will help in bringing back their daughter.
;;0.0;;i plead with sushmaswaraj swaraj to get her back, hazira begum said.
;;0.0;;mohammedi begum\'s plight was taken to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj by mbt leader amjedullah khan sometime back and she had also responded.
;;0.8689;;bjp in-charge for party affairs in rajasthan, avinash rai khanna, and jaipur mp ramcharan bohra met sharmas family on june 2 and assured all possible help for his safe return from pakistan.
;;0.6249;;they bjp leaders told the family that the party has written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj seeking her intervention to secure sharmas release from the pakistani jail.
;;-0.4939;;sushma swaraj with sonia gandhi (pti file photo)new delhi: congress leaders rahul gandhi and sonia gandhi on wednesday paid their last respects to senior bjp leader and former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , who passed away on tuesday night after suffering a cardiac arrest.
;;0.0;;the former external affair minister had contested the 1999 lok sabha election from bellary in karnataka against the then congress president sonia gandhi.
;;-0.25;;also, after the 2004 parliamentary elections, when congress-led upa was poised to form a government, swaraj had threatened to shave her head if sonia gandhi became the prime minister due to the foreign origin of the congress leader.
;;-0.3182;;i was shocked to hear about the sudden demise of smt sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.7096;;beijing: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday asked indians and chinese to learn each other's language as it will help them overcome communication barriers, resulting in further strengthening the relationship between the two nations.
;;0.0;;swaraj, who is on a visit here, made the remarks during a programme, titled 'contribution of hindi in india-china friendship', organised by the india embassy.
;;0.7269;;noting that during the programme, a chinese student learning hindi had expressed that her dream was to visit india, swaraj instructed the ambassador to make arrangements for a visit of such students to indiai want to tell her, that your dream would come true right here, right now.
;;0.5994;;the josh was high all around and bjps man of the moment, goyal, who took charge as finance minister less than two weeks ago, received congratulations from cabinet colleagues nitin gadkari and sushmaswaraj swaraj and bjp veteran lk advani.
;;0.25;;'s remarks drew strong criticism from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who came down heavily on her pakistani counterpart saying his comments exposed him and thathas no respect for sikh sentiments.
;;0.0;;union minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju, a native of arunachal pradesh, on friday tweeted, govt of india has been continuously tracking &assessing the siang (brahmaputra) river flowing pattern from day one.
;;0.0;;the source said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is expected to take up the issue diplomatically with wang yi, her chinese counterpart, when she meets her in new delhi on the sidelines of the 15thrussia, india and china (ric) foreign ministers meeting on december 11.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 19, 2018union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs bunglow at c-7, civil lines, professors colony, has been allot.
;;0.0;;chouhan is, in fact, moving into what was the residence of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.4215;;its also believed that chouhan will contest the vidisha lok sabha seat, where sushmaswaraj is the sitting mp sushmaswaraj had said on november 20 that she will not contest the 2019 lok sabha polls because of ill health.
;;0.0;;but they preferred the civil lines bungalow after learning that sushmaswaraj swaraj was vacating it.
;;-0.7783;;however, this family in chikkamagaluru 's ajjampura , which is mourning the death of dr sushmaswaraj , a gynaecologist, cannot organise any such feast.
;;-0.5267;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj regularly issues orders to assist nris in distress.
;;0.0;;while the indian side was led by foreign secretary vijay gokhale, myanmar was represented by u myint thu, permanent secretary, myanmar ministry of foreign affairs.
;;0.9153;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had last month paid a two-day visit to myanmar, during which she met the country's president u win myint and, state counsellor and minister for foreign affairs daw aung san suu kyi during her visit, boundary and border related issues, peace and security matters, developments in the rakhine state, including return of displaced rohingyas, india's development assistance to myanmar, ongoing projects, and other issues of mutual interest were discussed.
;;0.34;;beijing/new delhi: china on wednesday tried to dilute the impact of the gains achieved by foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during the day-long meeting of russia , india, china (ric) organisation in the chinese town of wuzhen.
;;0.4404;;swaraj also expressed satisfaction over wang's statement during a joint press conference.
;;-0.6808;;at the same time, we believe that pakistan has always been opposed to terrorism, wang said at a joint press conference where swaraj was present.
;;-0.0258;;jaisalmer: the much awaited post office passport service centre by post department and ministry of external affairs was inaugurated in barmer.
;;0.7096;;he expressed his gratitude to prime minister narendra modi , external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and said that the post department is playing an important role in connecting general public with all the public welfare schemes.
;;-0.25;;the party is also searching for new names to replace sushmaswaraj swaraj (vidisha), uma bharati (jhansi), nagendra singh (khajuraho), manohar untwal (dewas-shajapur) and laxminarayan yadav (sagar) who have either refused to contest elections or fighting assembly polls.
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said in parliament that they had about 98  match for remains of 38 workers.
;;-0.7717;;on march 20, swaraj informed rajya sabha that 39 indian nationals, who went missing in mosul in 2014, were killed by the is.
;;-0.3182;;families of some of these victims had met swaraj on march 26.
;;0.0;;i met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj 11 times.
;;0.6705;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , the senior-most minister present in the house, said she favoured the women's quota bill and continued to support it.
;;0.4588;;at the meeting, it was decided to collect all documents, including a copy of the sentence, and make a case before the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the prime ministers office, and seek help through all possible means, including approaching the ruler of dubai, to seek ryans release.
;;0.4767;;during this week, i, with the help of my leader, vijai sardesai, will go to delhi and meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the prime ministers office along with additional solicitor general atmaram nadkarni and will see how legally ryans case can be put up for his release, wrd minister and siolim mla vinod palyekar said.
;;0.1027;;she also reached out to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the indian embassy in muscat.
;;0.0;;the police commissioner has also written to the ministry of external affairs to expedite the process.
;;0.0;;rekha t, member secretary, nri forum of karnataka , said they have contacted the embassy, ministry of external affairs and kannada associations in muscat.
;;0.0258;;the normally unflappable foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has made jadhavs commutation a matter of prestige for india.
;;0.0;;a few hours before the blast, he had called up wife sushmaswaraj to inquire about his 10-year-old son jays health.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was reported to have said in november that the government was planning to bring a bill to step up action against absconding nri husbands.
;;-0.9231;;incidentally, in response to a series of written questions on the same issue in the rajya sabha on thursday, the ministry of external affairs said that between january 2016 and november 2018, the mea (including indian missions abroad) have addressed 4,189 complaints of distressed indian women deserted by their nri spouses a large number of nri matrimonial disputes and fraud cases remain pending on account of non-appearance of the perpetrator jeopardising the future of the women and children.
;;0.6124;;accompanied by her parents sushmaswaraj and dhananjay ghatol, bhakti thanked her teachers soma banerjee and avinash khare as well as writer aditi patwardhan, a ba student of hislop college.
;;-0.5106;;new delhi: mumbai man hamid ansari, repatriated by pakistan after spending six years in prison, met foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and briefed her about his plight while in custody in pakistan.
;;0.0;;a nsari was accompanied by his mother fauzia who told swaraj, mera bharat mahaan, meri madam mahaan.
;;0.0258;;bareilly: a day after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj confirmed the deaths of 39 indians who had been abducted in iraq in 2014, the uttar pradesh government on wednesday released a one minute and 52 second-long film on legal and safe migration.
;;0.7717;;rabbani also held a conversation with foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday evening to assure her that the afghan government would take all steps to ensure that the engineers are freed soon.
;;0.8807;;rabbani in the conversation assured the indian external affairs minister that the afghan security forces would not spare any efforts in rescuing and ensuring the security and safety of the engineers.
;;0.1027;;the ministers in question, sushmaswaraj swaraj , minister of external affairs and nirmala sitharaman , minister of defence.
;;0.0;;the photograph of swaraj with her male counterparts was from the recent shanghai cooperation organisation foreign ministers' meeting in beijing.
;;0.1027;;finance minister arun jaitley , external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and defence minister nirmala sitharaman were present at the meeting.
;;0.3818;;sushma swaraj leaves for sa on 5-day visit; to attend brics, ibsa external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj left on a five-day visit to south africa where she will meet top leadership of the country and attend meetings of brics and ibsa -- the two major groupings where india has been playing a key role.
;;-0.4939;;co/raohjlfifg  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1527954053000new delhi: in a major scare on saturday evening, an indian air force aircraft 'meghdoot' flying external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj from trivandrum to mauritius, on her way to south africa, went incommunicado for 14 minutes.
;;0.0;;the scare happened when mauritian air traffic control and the crew of the embraer 135 legacy flying swaraj  which was cruising safely  could not establish contact with each other for some time after the plane entered the island nation's air space.
;;0.0;;swaraj used the brief stopover in mauritius to meet pm pravin jugnauth.
;;0.4574;;the external affairs ministry had said in a series of tweets on saturday evening: on her way to south africa during transit halt in mauritius, eam @sushmaswaraj was warmly received by foreign minister of mauritius, seetanah lutchmeenaraidoo connecting with our maritime neighbour!
;;0.0;;after these meetings, swaraj left for south africa.
;;0.1027;;meanwhile, marisa payne, australias foreign minister is also here and slated to meet sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman along with speaking at raisina dialogue.
;;0.0;;the lab was inaugurated by indias external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during the 11th world hindi conference in august this year.
;;-0.25;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and afghanistan defence minister tariq shah bahrami discussed on friday the recent initiatives of the afghanistan government for internal reconciliation and also efforts to combat terrorism, which they said received support from safe havens and sanctuaries beyond afghanistan.
;;0.9371;;according to a statement issued by mea, swaraj conveyed indias support for the efforts of the government and the people of afghanistan for building a peaceful, secure, stable, united, inclusive and prosperous nation.
;;-0.2023;;congress asked why the pm had not taken action against mp cm shivraj chouhan for the vyapam scam , and against rajasthan cm vasundhara raje and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for helping lalit modi escape the law.
;;0.0258;;even external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj directed rashid to the home ministry for citizenship matters in a now-deleted tongue-in-cheek tweet.
;;0.0;;however, bjp legislator siladitya deb smells a designed move in the case of mousumi and he plans to move external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj soon on this.
;;0.0;;home minister rajnath singh , union minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj were also present at the meeting.
;;0.0;;beijing: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will visit china later this week to participate in the foreign ministers meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) during which she will also hold talks with her chinese counterpart wang yi.
;;-0.4019;;visits by swaraj and sitharaman are taking place as india and china have stepped up high-level exchanges to defuse tensions following last year's dokalam standoff.
;;0.0;;india and china also held working mechanism meeting on border affairs and cross border rivers.
;;0.1531;;with the idea of showcasing kumbh to the world as the largest such congregation of saints and ascetics, the modi government also plans to host envoys and visiting dignitaries from different countries at the venue, with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj accompanying them.
;;0.128;;the indian delegation would be led by the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the defense minister nirmala sitharaman.
;;0.0;;these have been forwarded to the ministry of external affairs since minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will take the decision regarding the pakistan-returned girls marriage and, of course, geeta has the final say, said purohit.
;;0.743;;anubhavs father dhananjay singh is a farmer and his mother sushmaswaraj is clerk in a private school and he gives the credit for his success to his parents.
;;-0.5106;;in a tweet directed at foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, dunya said, i believe india is failing in its responsibility to maintain stability & assist democracy in the maldives.
;;-0.296;;the union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj promptly took note of adnan sami 's complaint and tweeted to him to call her and speak to her on phone.
;;0.6113;;sushma swaraj is a lady full of heart and she is in touch with me and is looking after our people i'm so proud that she is our foreign minister & looks after us all over the world, (sic) he said later.
;;0.2263;;because of the unsavoury incident at the airport, adnan sami had tweeted to sushmaswaraj swaraj also complaining about the indian embassy in kuwait that it did not respond to his pleas for help.
;;0.4576;;our most dynamic external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraji has acknowledged your matter.
;;0.0;;(sic)adnan sami then spoke to minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and gave her the details thanking her for 'ever so prompt reply'.
;;-0.0258;;this story is from december 2, 2018external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at a function on saturdaydownload the times of india news app for latest cityjaipur: launching a scathing attack on congress, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj says that congress leaders and its party workers are in dilemma over the religion and the caste of congress party president rahul gandhi the dilemma continues over congress will able to enter into a mahaghatbandhan or not, if they make a mahaghatbandhan will rahul gandhi will be its leader or not, said swaraj, in a presser held in jaipur on saturday.
;;-0.5423;;he as per the convenience of the polls pressing hard to becomes shivbhakt, janaudhari brahmin, shev or shakt hindu, said swaraj, who was in a jaipur on a day-long tripthe attack was in response to gandhis remark o pm modi stating that what kind of hindu is he.
;;-0.6369;;fed up of approaching various authorities, including a number of external affairs ministers, the four families have moved the punjab and haryana high court, urging the indian government to take up the matter with pakistan and ensure release of the 1971 prisoners of war.
;;-0.4215;;surjits family has met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to press for his release, but to no avail.
;;0.0;;on hearing the news, paramjit met bathinda mp harsimrat kaur badal and the then union minister of state for external affairs parneet kaur in december 2012.
;;-0.0772;;hyderabad: a resident of shamirpet, mohammad ahmed, has requested union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to rescue his wife nuzhat begum , who he said, is being tortured by her kafil (employer) in saudi arabia.
;;-0.5719;;the family has approached minister of state for youth affairs and sports and officials of external affairs ministry but in vain.
;;-0.6059;;the family is disappointment with the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and minister of state for external affairs general vk singh were informed through formal channels and through social media but no result.
;;-0.0387;;sushmaji has been actively handling twitter request from pakistan nationals seeking emergency visa is really appreciable but why our repeated pleas on twitter went unanswered, said mahavir.
;;-0.5927;;but he charged a token fee of just re 1 to defend kulbhushan jadhav , foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had tweeted recently to a carping critic.
;;0.0;;the other members include external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , finance minister arun jaitley, law minister ravi shankar prasad and his junior in the ministry p p chaudhary.
;;0.4215;;this story is from december 16, 2018external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and french foreign minister jean-yves le drian exchange greetings afte.
;;-0.7351;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 31, 2017we strongly condemn the terrorist blast in kabul.
;;0.4404;;in new delhi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted that all indian embassy staffers were safe.
;;0.4118;;official sources at the ministry of external affairs said the explosion caused some damage to the embassy building, but all employees were safe.
;;0.4019;;with union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj 's help, she returned to the country.
;;0.0;;it minsiter kt rama rao had also taken up her case with swaraj.
;;0.0;;chief minister amarinder singh informed the house about the statement made by the union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in parliament and requested the chair to include their names in the obituary list.
;;0.0;;minister of external affairs, sushmaswaraj swaraj is mp from the seat for past two terms.
;;-0.296;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday reiterated that there was no change in the status quo at the doklam 2017 faceoff site as she described as unprecedented pm narendra modi 's recent informal summit with chinese president xi jinping as far as the informal summit is concerned, this is a new dialogue mechanism.
;;0.0;;it has never been adopted before anywhere in the world, said swaraj.
;;-0.3182;;swaraj also denied that chinese authorities had prevented devotees from taking a dip in the mansarovar lake.
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , in a letter to mumbai bjp legislator mangal prabhat lodha, had said the government was in the process of renovating jinnah house.
;;0.2023;;washington/beijing: leaders from the us, china, bangladesh, iran and singapore condoled on wednesday the demise of former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and recalled her important role in cementing india's relations with the world.
;;-0.6705;;swaraj, who was external affairs minister from may, 2014 to may, 2019, passed away in new delhi on tuesday night after suffering a cardiac arrest.
;;-0.0516;;saddened to hear of the passing of my friend and former india external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;iranian foreign minister javad zarif recalled his fruitful discussions with swaraj.
;;0.0;;my deepest condolences to the government and the people of india on the passing of former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.2023;;chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunying said swaraj had made important contributions to the development of china-india relations.
;;0.0;;madam sushmaswaraj swaraj is a senior indian politician.
;;-0.2484;;china deeply mourns for the passing of madam sushmaswaraj swaraj and expresses sincere condolences to her family, hua said in a written response.
;;0.0;;un general assembly president maria fernanda espinosa also expressed condolences at the demise of swaraj.
;;-0.1779;;saddened by the news of the passing of sushmaswaraj swaraj, an extraordinary woman & leader who devoted her life to public service.
;;-0.3612;;prime minister ranil wickremesinghe expressed sorrow at the demise of swaraj, saying that her efforts to achieve regional policy objectives made a lasting impression among the lankan public.
;;0.8555;;i have always known mrs swaraj as a true friend of sri lanka, a neighbour and a relative of sri lanka who held a pleasing personality, wickremesinghe said.
;;0.34;;sushma swaraj was a wonderful lady, always full of life, as she represented india on the world stage and fought tirelessly for her citizens, wrote the singapore minister.
;;0.3818;;bahrain's foreign minister khalid bin ahmed al khalifa referred to swaraj as his dear sister and said she always called him 'my brother'.
;;-0.7178;;deeply saddened to hear of the loss of behinji sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.7543;;paying tributes to swaraj, the russian foreign ministry said on twitter, we express our sincere condolences to the people of india on the passing away of the former fm of this friendly country sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.296;;condoling the death of his former indian counterpart, afghanistan's foreign minister salahuddin rabbani said swaraj led her country with distinction and determination.
;;-0.5267;;i'm saddened to hear of the untimely demise of sushmaswaraj swaraj, senior bjp leader & former foreign minister of india.
;;-0.2732;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said on wednesday that the centre has already launched an institutional mechanism and the passports of 25 nri men have been revoked recently for abandoning their wives in india.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on the vietnamese president.
;;0.7096;;their discussions focused on steps to further strengthen country's comprehensive strategic partnership by expanding cooperation across all sectors, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
;;0.4215;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has tweeted about him, hoping his family will identify him and approach the indian authorities for his repatriation.
;;0.7506;;only a few days ago, pakistani columnist mehr tarar had tweeted to sushmaswaraj swaraj that the boys parents will be grateful for your attention to provide justice and have him released from jail.
;;0.5859;;sushma has agreed to help the boy and find his real identity.
;;0.34;;earlier in the day, home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and national security adviser ajit doval also separately called on wickremasinghe.
;;0.4019;;after receiving an overwhelming response to a matrimonial ad, posted on facebook seeking for a smart, deaf-mute boy for geeta, the ministry of external affairs has shortlisted some candidates and directed the indore district administration to organize her meeting with the prospective grooms.
;;0.0;;he added, the external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj has said geeta is indias daughter and her marriage will be organized by the government.
;;0.4019;;one of the suitors, rajkumar swarnakar of bhopal, brought an affidavit addressed to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and indore collector, promising that his entire family is willing to learn signlanguage.
;;-0.4215;;for last four days, the family has been trying to contact union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, but to no avail.
;;0.1027;;in an appeal to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, ashraf pointed out that as per the local newspaper in the us, his brother was admitted to illinois mason medical centre.
;;0.7506;;yet clearly both beijing and new delhi hope for something substantial from the upcoming two-day meeting, since the announcement was made on sunday after talks between state councilor wang yi and visiting indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, the china daily said.
;;0.4939;;asian powers and emerging countries, both china and india share many common interests in international affairs.
;;0.0258;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs visit to nepal will be the first opportunity in the new year to reset relations with kathmandu, which have been strained for some time, and particularly after the recent elections.
;;0.4404;;on thursday and friday, swaraj will meet all the top political leaders  sher bahadur deuba, kp oli and prachanda  as well as calling on president bidya bhandari.
;;0.0;;swaraj will be the first senior indian minister to visit nepal after the conclusion of elections to local bodies, provincial assemblies and parliament.
;;-0.6249;;however, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in her statement had said on tuesday that masih had cooked up his story that he was taken into a jungle with his compatriots where is terrorists had shot them.
;;0.0;;new delhi: a day after they met kulbhushan jadhav in pakistan, the indian national's family members met union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at her residence, before leaving for the external affairs ministry mea ), likely for a complete debrief.
;;0.0;;foreign secretary s jaishankar and mea spokesperson raveesh kumar were also present when jadhav's mother avanti and his wife chetankul met with the external affairs minister today.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 5, 2019external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;the mysterious disappearance of the passports, which belonged to sikhs who had applied for visa to travel to pakistan on guru nanaks 549th anniversary, led to queries in indias parliament earlier this week, with sushmaswaraj swaraj answering that the government had information that the passports were misplaced by the pakistan high commission.
;;0.4019;;while kiran, who has been rechristened amna bibi , claims that she has married and converted to islam of her own accord, her father-in-law tarsem singh, a former granthi , has sought foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj 's help.
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in her address at the shanghai cooperation organisation foreign ministers meeting, also attended by pakistan foreign minister khawaja muhammad asif , reiterated indias position directly.
;;0.1027;;the ministers in question, sushmaswaraj swaraj, external affairs minister and nirmala sitharaman, defence minister.
;;0.3612;;they themselves are married in india and would have to leave their family behind and accompany their mother to pakistan amina has also received plenty of support from netizens on the social media, who have tagged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, requesting her intervention.
;;0.0772;;a sizeable number of foreign arrivals have been noticed, naveen wrote to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.5859;;new delhi: congress demanded that foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and union minister harsimrat badal of akali dal personally apologise to the families of the 39 persons who were killed in iraq.
;;-0.296;;the opposition party accused swaraj of misleading the families over the last four years.
;;0.5267;;soni said when she told swaraj in 2014 about the statement of a person who had managed to escape from is custody, swaraj laughed off the matter and questioned the credibility of the person.
;;-0.6808;;new delhi: in a rare departure from escalating tensions with india, pakistan aided the return of delhi girl uzma ahmed , who was trapped into a forced marriage with a pakistani man she had met in malaysia addressing the media after uzma's return, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj thanked the pakistani government in an unusual show of warmth in the midst of fierce exchange of fire on the border after the beheading of two indian soldiers.
;;-0.7096;;even those who go there after an arranged marriage are crying, uzma said as she broke down several times during the press conference called by swaraj.
;;0.4588;;swaraj described uzma as india's daughter and tweeted that she was welcome home.
;;0.4019;;swaraj thanked the judge and uzma's lawyer, saying he had fought her case well.
;;0.2023;;beijing: the meetings of the defence and foreign ministers of the shanghai cooperation organisation sco ), being attended by defence minister nirmala sitharaman and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , began here today.
;;0.128;;while the rapport with the electorate is good, elections have also brought her in the line of fire of opposition women leaders, including union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj of the bjp and all india mahila congress president sushmita dev.
;;-0.9062;;beijing: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday said that terrorism is an enemy of the basic human rights and the fight against it should also identify states that encourage, support and finance the menace and provide sanctuary to terror groups.
;;-0.6808;;swaraj, during her address at the shanghai cooperation organisation sco ) council of foreign ministers here, raised the issue of global terrorism and protectionism.
;;0.3818;;we believe that economic globalization should be more open, inclusive, equitable and balanced for mutual benefits, swaraj added.
;;-0.7178;;minister for europe and foreign affairs said,i utterly condemn the despicable attack that has just been targeted against india.
;;-0.9201;;mfa, afghanistan said,while strongly condemning the heinous #kashmirterrorattack on crpf personnel, we stand united with india to combat terrorism in any form as we have done it as a nation in the past 18 years; ministry of foreign affairs of the islamic republic of afghanistan strongly condemns the recent terrorist attack that took place in jammu and kashmir of india.
;;-0.875;;the minister of foreign affairs of the republic of maldive said,it was with deep shock and horror that i learnt of the bomb blast in pulwama, jammu and kashmir, that caused tragic loss of life and distress to many dozens of crpf personnel.
;;-0.9136;;the ministry of foreign affairs of the kingdom of bahrain strongly condemns the terrorist attack on a military convoy on the outskirts of the city of srinagar in kashmir, which claimed lives of dozens of indian soldiers and injured others.
;;-0.7579;;minister for foreign affairs dr. vivian balakrishnan has written to the minister of external affairs of the republic of india sushmaswaraj swaraj to express condolences on the terror attack in pulwama, jammu and kashmir on 14 february, 2019.
;;-0.9136;;our condolences to the loved ones of the victimsthe ministry of foreign affairs and emigrants condemns the terrorist attack in jammu and kashmir that killed more than 40 members of the indian armed forces and wounded scores more.
;;-0.9706;;the ministry of foreign affairs and international cooperation said in a statement that the uae condemns this terrorist actreiterating the countrys principles and unequivocal position rejecting all forms of violence and terrorism.
;;-0.128;;an official source at the ministry of foreign affairs expressed the kingdom of saudi arabias strong condemnation and denunciation over the explosion that targeted a military convoy in the indian part of kashmir, claiming dozens of deaths and injuries.
;;-0.7845;;the honourable chrystia freeland, minister of foreign affairs, today issued the following statement:canada strongly condemns the terrorist attack that took place in pulwama, jammu and kashmir today.
;;-0.9186;;ministry of foreign and european affairs of the republic of croatia condemns this & all acts of violence and terrorism.
;;0.0;;ms. sushmaswaraj swaraj, minister of external affairs of india.
;;-0.1045;;the ministry of foreign affairs of the principality of andorra can ways on behalf of the government and people of pandora its most sincere condolences for the feet of the week tins of yesterdays bump attack against the security forces of india as well as its solidarity with the people wanted can you requesting that they are conveyed to the authorities and people of india the ministry of foreign affairs reiterates its strongest condemnation to all manifestations of violence and extremism.
;;0.6597;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj welcomed her tweeting, uzma- welcome home india's daughter.
;;0.6369;;reportedly uzma's love affair with tahir, a taxi driver, began in malaysia in 2016.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 20, 2018hamid nihal ansari (r) meets sushmaswaraj swaraj in delhi on wednesdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.5106;;new delhi: mumbai man hamid ansari, repatriated by pakistan after spending six years in prison, met foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and briefed her about his plight while in custody in pakistan.
;;0.0;;ansari was accompanied by his mother fauzia who told swaraj,  mera bharat mahaan, meri madam mahaan.
;;-0.0516;;ansari, who thanked swaraj for his release, was arrested in 2012 for illegally entering pakistan from afghanistan, reportedly to meet a girl he had befriended online.
;;0.0;;they did everything from having a trip to new delhi to meet officials of various ministries, including external affairs, and embassies.
;;0.0;;finally, their wait ended on sunday when the parents talked to their son following the intervention of officials of ministry of external affairs (mea).
;;0.0;;we had tweeted the news relating to our son to embassy officials and to various ministers, including external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and even to prime minister narendra modis portal.
;;0.4019;;during the meet, geeta expressed her wish to meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and bollywood actor salman khan, the official added.
;;0.8126;;the plan seems to have been shelved after social justice department joint director, bc jain , pointed out that they need approval from the ministry of external affairs and the indore collector's consent for this.
;;0.128;;even external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had declined the invitation citing prior commitments.
;;0.2263;;the dialogue would involve external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman from india along with their american counterparts secretary of state rex tillerson and defense secretary jim mattis.
;;-0.7184;;ahmedabad: in a written protest to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, around 45 civil society leaders, academics and professionals have criticized the unceremonious detention and deportation of former swiss diplomat, kurt vogele, from sardar vallabhbhai patel international airport , on january 22, this year.
;;0.0;;my son-in-law has sold my daughter and divorced her, banu begum said in a video appeal to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday.
;;0.4019;;moreh could emerge as a support centre for trade promotion activities if it has commodity exchanges, logistics servicing and warehousing facilities, biren said in the meeting chaired by union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.3612;;swaraj also drew a parallel with epic mahabharata saying that singh and mukherjee, like dronacharya and bhisma in the case of draupadi had remained mute spectators to the chirharan of democracy.
;;-0.4215;;chandigarh: thirty-five-year-old sushmaswaraj from una in himachal pradesh gave a new lease of life to four critically ill patients in pgi by donating her organs.
;;0.3818;;when it became clear that sushmaswaraj would not survive the head injuries, the transplant coordinator at pgi approached her husband shamsher singh to request if he could consider organ donation.
;;-0.6124;;the judge had also held jaswantis daughter sushmaswaraj alias simmi, brother jaswant singh, son-in-law jai bhagwan, cousin sheela and two other accused veena and satish, guilty.
;;-0.0772;;his wife and two kids have requested external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to take serious note of awaess mysterious disappearance in saudi arabia.
;;0.6027;;azher sultana, aweass sister told toithat nobody helped them in this matter, except giving assurances and even agents said that the only option was to meet sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.4981;;i sincerely appeal to foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to intervene in this matter and trace my brother is, said azher sultana.
;;0.6249;;in a last-ditch attempt, fatima shared a video urging external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to help trace saleha.
;;0.4019;;the family has now appealed to prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to intervene and help bring nayaz home.
;;0.0;;during the participation of india in shanghai cooperation organisation summit 2018, senior minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and herself met their counterparts of china and other key players of sco, she said.
;;-0.296;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had then clarified that india had no role in organising his visit or any of his meetings.
;;0.25;;with the intervention of union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , pakistan authorities had granted visa to the 45-year-old woman to travel to india.
;;-0.4215;;she is being subjected to insults, her mother hajra begum said in a youtube message to sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;-0.4019;;mbt leader amjedullah khan wrote to sushmaswaraj swaraj about her problem earlier this year.
;;0.0;;in response, the external affairs minister took up her case.
;;0.0772;;he is physically and mentally torturing my daughter, hajra begum said urging sushmaswaraj swaraj to help her daughter by providing an air ticket and ensure that she boarded a flight to india without hassles.
;;-0.7906;;earlier too, the congress called that the humiliation of jadhav's family members by pakistan a diplomatic failure of the government and the ministry of external affairs (mea).
;;0.0258;;he added that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj or pm narendra modi should have discussed the matter with their counterparts in pakistan before jadhav's mother and wife went to islamabad.
;;0.0;;yesterday, swaraj, presented a report to parliament on the visit by jadhavs kin.
;;0.3612;;other demands include residential permits for immigrants and visitors, trading and business permits for non-indigenous people, prohibition and detection of benami transactions and a national register of citizens (nrc), like the one being updated in neighbouring assam in the first week of april, the chief minister met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and proposed a work permit system for bangladeshis to regulate the entry of migrant workers.
;;0.1779;;the sgpc chief secretary added that since amazon was a foreign-based company, they had also written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, seeking action against it.
;;-0.6705;;he said he has spoken to the minister of state in the ministry of external affairs v k singh to follow up on the issue of bringing back the mortal remains of the indian hostages killed in iraq.
;;0.0;;speaking to the mediapersons at the state assembly on wednesday, the chief minister said he had also written to the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the issue on tuesday.
;;0.3919;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday sounded firm on maldives, saying she had received several letters of invitation from the island nations foreign minister to visit it but would only go there after its government took certain steps.
;;0.0;;addressing her annual press conference in new delhi, swaraj gave a report card of the achievements of her ministry in the four years bjp has been in office.
;;0.0258;;the ncw has sought the intervention of foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to consider measures to prevent nri husbands, who have deserted their wives in india, from getting ex-parte divorce in the foreign country where they reside.
;;0.0;;while national bjp president amit shah would be the chief guest on december 13, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and former president pranab mukherjee would remain present on december 18.
;;0.128;;his most vocal lackey is sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is a prime contender for mr. modis post.
;;-0.2023;;next general election is two years away; if there is battle inside bjp for the top job, may plump for swaraj over modi.
;;-0.6249;;new delhi: pakistan on thursday dismissed external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj 's charge that it tried to intimidate jailed indian national kulbhushan jadhav's family, instead calling their harassment a comprehensive security check.
;;-0.3818;;jadhav's mother and wife were forced to remove their mangalsutra, the bindis on their foreheads and their bangles, when they reached pakistan's ministry of foreign affairs for the meeting.
;;-0.296;;earlier on thursday, swaraj addressed parliament about the meeting between jadhav and his mother and wife, detailing the humiliating treatment meted out to the duo.
;;-0.2023;;swaraj added that pakistan's actions were deliberate and meant to intimidate the mother and wife.
;;0.0;;i begged them saying i've never taken off mangalsutra ever, but they said i have to, she told swaraj, the latter recalled.
;;0.0;;we have made numerous representations to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and mos for panchayati raj, purushottam rupala.
;;0.0;;thaims family and members of sailors associations have made numerous representations to the ministry of external affairs (mea) pleading to arrange for his release.
;;-0.5859;;rabbani also had a telephone conversation with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj regarding the abduction of the seven indian engineers of kec international, an rpg group company.
;;0.3612;;swaraj had conveyed india's concerns about the abducted indians and requested him for help in tracing and freeing them.
;;0.9001;;appreciating the significant role of india in reconstruction of afghanistan and expressing his contentment of the strong bilateral relations and cooperation among the two countries, rabbani assured the indian ambassador that the relevant departments of the ministry of foreign affairs shall extensively cooperate with him with the aim of further expanding these relations and cooperation.
;;-0.6705;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj confirmed on tuesday that all the 39 indians kidnapped and confined by isis in mosul, iraq, in 2014 had been killed.
;;0.6369;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) 1496205568000kabul/new delhi, may 31 (ians) all indian embassy staff in kabul are safe, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said after a huge explosion rocked the afghan capital on wednesday morning.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted that the indian embassy had taken up the issue with the georgian authorities.
;;0.0;;beijing: external affairs minister s jaishankar will make his first visit to china in the second week of august to finalise the preparations for president xi jinping 's visit to india later this year for the second informal summit with prime minister narendra modi while officials are tight lipped about the schedule of his visit, an invitation being circulated to the media here by the china public diplomacy association said jaishankar along with his chinese counterpart wang yi would hold the 2nd india-china people-to-people exchange mechanism.
;;0.0;;the first meeting of the people-to-people exchange mechanism at the level of foreign ministers was held in december in new delhi and co-chaired by the then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and wang.
;;0.0;;jaishankar, who was the first career diplomat to become the external affairs minister, served as india's ambassador to china from 2009 to 2013, the longest tenure by an indian envoy.
;;0.0;;hyderabad: a 24-year-old woman hailing from rajanna-sircilla district in telangana on monday asked union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to rescue her from saudi arabia saying that she is being physically abused by her kafil (employer).
;;-0.3182;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj did say in her media statement though that she put across india's view that significant rise in acts of terrorism by terrorist organizations like taliban, daesh (isis), al-qaeda, and let directly undermined international peace and security and endangered ongoing efforts to strengthen the global economy.
;;0.34;;swaraj made the remark in her joint media statement after the ric trilateral with her russian and chinese counterparts sergey lavrov and wang yi respectively.
;;0.2521;;while sources here said that swaraj also had a very good meeting with wang in which they showed signs of having moved on from doklam on the border issue, it wasnt immediately clear if she raised azhar with him.
;;-0.4215;;but no other leader from the state commands the kind of following union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is lok sabha member from vidisha, has on twitter.
;;0.0;;17 crore follow swaraj on her official twitter handle.
;;0.0;;mumbai (maharashtra): the jinnah house would be converted into a venue along the lines of hyderabad house in new delhi, said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday.
;;0.4215;;the eam also underscored that the prime minister's office has approved the property's transfer from the indian council for cultural relations (iccr) to the ministry of external affairs (mea).
;;0.0;;the letter was a response to member of legislative assembly (mla) lodha's previously sent letter to swaraj where he had pushed for the mea to take the property in their possession due to its deteriorating condition.
;;0.4767;;pmo has now accorded necessary approval, swaraj wrote in the letter.
;;0.0772;;beijing: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday met her kyrgyz and uzbek counterparts and discussed cooperation in a number of key areas including trade and investments.
;;0.4404;;swaraj, who is here on a four-day visit to take part in the foreign ministers' meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation sco ), yesterday met her chinese counterpart wang yi and discussed a host of bilateral issues and ways to step-up the pace of high-level interactions to improve the relationship.
;;0.1027;;she met foreign minister of kyrgyzstan erlan abdyldaev on the sidelines of the sco foreign ministers meeting and discussed cooperation in trade and investment, information technology (it), defence, films, human resource development, culture and other areas, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said in a tweet.
;;0.2732;;swaraj also met foreign minister of uzbekistan abdulaziz kamilov and exchanged views on enhancing bilateral cooperation in trade and investment, pharma, it, tourism and culture, as well as on the regional situation.
;;0.0;;the meeting between gokhale and kong came a day after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met her chinese counterpart wang yi on the sidelines of the brics ministerial conference in south africa.
;;0.0;;in the meeting, swaraj and wang discussed ways to maintain the momentum in bilateral and multilateral cooperation.
;;0.5106;;he also wrote a letter to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , expressing his gratitude for taking the corridor initiative.
;;0.8402;;she tweeted to the union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who also expressed willingness to help the boy go to his family and assured full support.
;;0.0;;many senior leaders, including home minister rajnath singh and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, and former prime ministers manmohan singh and deve gowda, congress leaders rahul gandhi and ghulam nabi azad were among those present at the event.
;;0.0;;sikkim chief minister pawan kumar chamling had said on march 20 that he too had written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , seeking permission for the 17th karmapa to visit the state whose capital gangtok is home to his exiled seat monastery of rumtek.
;;0.0;;rama rao was speaking at the deccan dialogue a conference on economic diplomacy for development, organised at the indian school of business (isb) here by the economic diplomacy and states division of the union ministry of external affairs.
;;0.4019;;while thanking union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and vk singh, for their indian missions abroad and help to telangana, ktr urged singh to organise the deccan dialogue as a permanent event twice a year in hyderabad.
;;0.4588;;bengaluru: showcasing external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman as proof of his governments commitment to empowering women, pm narendra modi on friday asked his partys mahila morcha to strive to get more women voters to polling stations on may 12 when karnataka goes to the polls.
;;0.1027;;in an audio-visual presentation, modi put up two photographs: one showing sitharaman at a world defence ministers meet and another showing sushmaswaraj at the external affairs ministers conclave at shanghai cooperation organisation meet in china.
;;0.0;;these photos were of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and karnatakas own mp nirmala sitharaman.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 21, 2018sushma swaraj (pti)indore: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday said she will not contest the 2019 general election citing health reasons.
;;0.2263;;citing examples of lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan and defence minster nirmala sitharaman, the chief minster asked the girls in the audience, is there anyone who doesn't know the names of lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and union defense minister nirmala sitaraman.
;;-0.4588;;we are hopeful that kartarpur corridor will bring the two countries nearer and our miseries will be put to an end by seeking the whereabouts of the prisoners and ensuring their early return to their families, kour said, making an emotional appeal to prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for securing the release of the prisoners.
;;0.8885;;at the end of the february ministerial meeting between sushmaswaraj swaraj , former us secretary of state rex tillerson and taro kono held on the margins of the un general assembly meeting, an mea statement said: the ministers emphasised the need for ensuring freedom of navigation, respect for international law and peaceful resolution of disputes.
;;0.0;;up cm has been requested by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to lead a political delegation to china next month, a highly placed source said.
;;0.0;;the first page of the booklet read team mea which featured union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and junior foreign minister v k singh apart from akbar.
;;-0.1027;;the rajya sabha mp from jharkhand , who had come under attack over allegations of misconduct by women with several opposition parties baying for his removal, also feature in photographs of several key meetings of external affairs ministry inside the booklet.
;;0.0;;gadkari and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also flagged off a car rally from delhi to myanmar from rajghat.
;;-0.2023;;new delhi: there will be no bilateral meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , defence minister nirmala sitharaman , and their pakistani counterparts on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) in china.
;;0.0;;swaraj, who departed for a two-nation visit to china and mongolia on saturday, will participate in a ministerial-level meeting of the sco on april 24, where india became a full member in 2017.
;;0.5859;;federica mogherini, high representative of the eu for foreign affairs and security policy and vice-president of the european commission, is in new delhi today for talks with union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and national security advisor ajit doval on a range of bilateral issues.
;;0.0;;union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday tweeted: she is india's daughter.
;;0.0;;following reports about begum's plight in pakistan were published in toi, sushmaswaraj swaraj got the high commission of india in islamabad to take up her case.
;;0.2846;;for all the efforts that he put in writing to sushmaswaraj swaraj, begum has come quite close to being set free from the clutches of her husband but the impediments still persist.
;;0.4939;;the high commission of india did not respond to the question from toi on what they were doing to send her back to india after sushmaswaraj swaraj had tweeted that the government will take care of her ticket fare.
;;-0.743;;for six hours, 20-year-old sushmaswaraj writhed in agony on the floor as the poison did its work.
;;0.0;;sushma was the eldest of three daughters and had dropped out of college.
;;-0.5106;;in december last year, gowda, along with a few panchayat members, tried to dissuade sushmaswaraj and when he failed, sent her to a relative's house in hulikere in mandya district.
;;0.25;;since then, gowda, a farmer, allegedly called sushmaswaraj home on three occasions to convince her to marry a man of the family's choice.
;;0.34;;sushma took a few sips and stopped, saying the juice tasted strong.
;;-0.6908;;gowda said sushmaswaraj struggled for six hours, writhing in pain on the floor.
;;-0.4019;;the crime would have been buried but for beat constable ravi who tipped off his seniors on hearing rumours of the unsuspecting girl being killed over a love affair.
;;-0.4767;;home minister rajnath singh presented the resolution on policies for the farm sector, which was followed by another resolution for welfare of the poor by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj bjp lauds its government for 'successfully' working out issues of farmers ' income.
;;-0.34;;new delhi: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and national security adviser ajit doval have spoken to their counterparts in afghanistan regarding the abduction of six indian engineers by the taliban in baghlan province.
;;0.0;;swaraj spoke to afghan foreign minister salahuddin rabbani on sunday.
;;0.6808;;punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh had also expressed concern about safety of sikhs in the us, following which union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had directed indian ambassador to us navtej sarna to update him on the safety of indians in america.
;;0.1027;;jugnauth will meet defence and finance minister arun jaitley and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;indore: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday said india had two days ago sought diplomatic access to former navy officer kulbhushan jadhav who is currently in a pakistani jail after being convicted there for spying.
;;0.5719;;speaking on the deportation of christian michel, an alleged middleman in the agustawestland chopper deal, swaraj called it a big success on the part of the centre.
;;0.4404;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj replied soon it appears - as is her wont - asking him to call her, because in a subsequent tweet, sami thanked her.
;;0.3612;;thank you very much, he tweeted tagging swaraj.
;;0.5733;;when someone commented saying sami got prompt action from swaraj, he replied on twitter saying: that's india 2018 my dear- don't mess with it.
;;-0.128;;a spokesperson for the ministry of external affairs said, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had suggested to the high commissioner of pakistan that the two sides could progress on humanitarian issues related to elderly, women, children and mentally unsound prisoners.
;;-0.6705;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made the announcement in a statement in the rajya sabha , saying dna tests carried out by iraqs martyrs foundation had confirmed the identities of those killed.
;;0.0;;swaraj spoke of the efforts of junior minister v k singh in travelling to iraq to look for the men.
;;0.4404;;while making the announcement, swaraj thanked singh and the iraqi authorities for their efforts in exhuming the bodies from the mound after a deep penetration radar revealed that 39 bodies were buried under it.
;;0.6705;;johannesburg: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has discussed with south african president cyril ramaphosa enhanced engagement between the two countries and greater cooperation in areas of skill development, agriculture and information technology.
;;0.2023;;swaraj arrived here yesterday on a five-day visit during which she will attend meetings of brics (brazil, russia, india, china and south africa ) and ibsa (india, brazil, south africa) -- the two major groupings where india has been playing a key role.
;;0.3818;;swaraj met ramaphosa who recalled his meeting with prime minister narendra modi at the commonwealth summit in london and conveyed his commitment to take the bilateral relations to the next level, according to a statement by the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.5859;;swaraj conveyed her felicitations on his assumption of office as president and mentioned that the year 2018 was of special significance for both india and south africa since they both were commemorating the 25th anniversary of diplomatic relations, 100th birth anniversary of the iconic leader nelson mandela and the 125th anniversary of the pietermaritzburg incident of mahatma gandhi.
;;0.0;;swaraj will also attend a series of events marking the 125th anniversary of the historic incident.
;;0.0;;during the visit, swaraj will participate in the brics (brazil, russia, india, china and south africa) foreign ministers' meeting today which is expected to lay the foundation for the annual summit of the grouping in johannesburg next month.
;;-0.7906;;co/ynpmekywso  manish tewari (@manishtewari) 1514304773000new delhi: congress leader veerappa moily said today that the humiliation of kulbhushan jadhavs family members by pakistan is a diplomatic failure of the government and the external affairs ministry .
;;0.0258;;he added that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj or pm narendra modi should have discussed the matter with their counterparts in pakistan before jadhav's mother and wife went to islamabad.
;;0.0;;they have written to the prime ministers officer, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, the shipping ministry, and external affairs ministry.
;;-0.6369;;aap also demanded apology from the prime minister as well as from the union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj from indians for failing to protect indian hostages and declaring the news of their death so late.
;;-0.8402;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has written to her counterpart khawaja asif blaming pakistan for all such violations and saying that firing by indian forces was only retaliatory.
;;-0.1779;;pakistan has now, after it received the rejoinder from swaraj, accused india of rejecting its message of peace.
;;-0.6486;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has now dropped a bombshell on them in parliament by pronouncing them dead on the basis of dna tests.
;;0.743;;gaelle's friends even approached external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on social media and sought her help in locating the missing tourist, besides appealing to people to help find gaelle.
;;0.0;;solih will also call on vice-president m venkaiah naidu and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.6486;;prime minister narendra modi congratulated foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and mea officials as well as salve, who successfully put forward india's case in the world court.
;;0.2023;;swaraj later tweeted that india would leave no stone unturned to save jadhav.
;;0.0;;the provisional measures constitute the first step in what might be a long affair.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 20, 2018external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with her maldivian counterpart abdulla shahid holds the mou documents .
;;0.0;;in a letter to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , her father said samina was being made to work for 18 hours without proper food and accommodation.
;;0.5106;;saminas father has written to the external affairs minister to rescue her from the kafeel and bring her back to india.
