;;0.5267;;chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunying's comments came a day after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that india is engaging with moscow and making efforts to convince beijing on the issue.
;;0.5859;;swaraj yesterday said india has always engaged with china and we are doing it for nsg as well.
;;0.0;;i had nothing to do in making them ministers or building up their stature as political leaders, swaraj said in an interview to a weekly magazine outlook.
;;0.0;;i had nothing to do with it, swaraj said.
;;0.4382;;sushma said that india would frame its foreign policy keeping in mind the national interests, and not under pressure or due to proximity with any country.
;;0.6369;;indians taken hostage by isis in mosul are alive: swarajnew delhi, feb 7, 2016 (pti) 21:04 istthe 39 indians taken hostage by isis more than one-and-a-half-years ago from mosul in iraq were alive, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told their families here today, based on her recent meetings with arab and palestinian leaders who indicated to this effect.
;;0.8009;;six different sources have informed the government that they have not been killed, swaraj said, adding that the media report was based on the statements of two bangladeshis who quoted an escapee, harjeet, as claiming that kidnapped indians have been killed.
;;0.6369;;swaraj said she has shared the communication that vouches for the safety of the hostages with union ministers arun jaitley and harsimrat kaur.
;;0.34;;we are agreeing with the first proposal that the winter session should be held from 21st november to 21st december as is normally held, said sushmaswaraj swaraj, leader of the opposition in the lok sabha, in a press statement released here.
;;-0.4404;;opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj claimed to have objected to his candidacy as the kerala cadre officer was tainted in a corruption scandal.
;;-0.34;;on tuesday, sushmaswaraj had announced that the government will bring gita back to india after indian high commissioner t.c.a. raghavan met gita at the edhi foundation in karachi where the young woman has been staying for the past 15 years after she accidentally strayed into pakistani territory.
;;0.0;;we are in a continuous dialogue with the us government, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;-0.91;;the accused, adam purinton, has been arrested by the police and the federal bureau of investigation has taken over the case and is investigating the same as a hate crime, said sushma.
;;-0.8271;;swaraj said siddaramaiah informed her that a criminal case has been registered and four accused have been arrested.
;;-0.5423;;attacking former finance minister p chidambaram, sushmaswaraj said: no quid pro quo unlike a conflict of interest in former finance minister p chidambarams case.
;;0.4939;;maritime security is an important dimension of india's bilateral relations with indian ocean littoral states and through various formal and informal structures currently in place, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said here.
;;0.5719;;india is part of various multilateral institutions, which are actively debating maritime security issues in the asia pacific region, swaraj said, adding that indian ocean naval symposium, which india founded in 2008, has 35 countries participating in its various activities.
;;0.7506;;as a founder member of the contact group on piracy, india has been sensitive to the maritime security situation in the gulf of aden for shipping lanes in this part of the indian ocean, swaraj said adding india has been working with like-minded countries to preserve the integrity, inviolability and security of maritime domain which is a global commons.
;;0.0;;customs and clearance procedures at borders need to be streamlined, swaraj said, adding that intra-regional investment is still negligible despite tremendous potential.
;;0.0;;noting that indian ocean carries half of worlds container shipments, one-third of bulk cargo traffic and two-thirds of oil shipments, swaraj said 90 per cent of our trade by volume and 90 per cent of oil imports take place through sea.
;;0.2732;;referring to prime minister narendra modi's visit to countries of the region, swaraj said, we call this indian ocean outreach as 'sagar'.
;;0.5106;;noting that indian ocean has acquired new salience with the shift of global economic engines to asia, swaraj said there has been sustained economic growth in the countries on the littoral of the indian ocean and growing global stakes and presence in the region is foreseen.
;;-0.7845;;however, unfortunately launching of iora coincided with the 'asian crisis' in 1997, when economically vibrant economies within the region, particularly countries in the east and south-east, were subject to severe economic turmoil, and failed to provide adequate support to the new regional initiative, swaraj said.
;;0.5267;;swaraj said, on economic front, iora exhibited significant dynamism in the past few years.
;;0.8658;;some mechanisms need to be evolved to address the challenges and hindrances in the way of trade growth to ensure that intra-regional trade becomes significant to make the overall economic performance of iora vibrant, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;i told her that the government wanted to appoint dr jaishankar as foreign secretary, swaraj said in a tweet adding, then i spoke to sujatha singh personally.
;;0.0;;defending the government's decision to appoint jaishankar in such a sudden manner, swaraj said, since dr jaishankar was retiring on january 31st, we had to issue orders of his appointment before that date.
;;-0.8555;;new delhi, mar 9, 2016 (pti) 20:05 istan indian medical student, who was in a coma at a trauma centre after being attacked by local goons in russian city of kazan, has died, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;-0.1298;;asserting that there was no flip-flop or confusion in the government, which has a very clear pakistan policy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the two countries had decided on three principles for talks when prime minister nawaz sharif had come here last year.
;;-0.048;;on pakistan trying to use china to put a technical hold on indias request to list syed salahuddin in the un security council sanctions committee on al-qaida and associated entities, swaraj said,we had told china that we are not the only victim of terror.
;;0.0;;on india calling-off the talks last year after pakistani high commissioner held consultations with kashmiri separatists, swaraj said normally these separatists go and meet when any leader comes from pakistan or officials of that country here.
;;0.3565;;in talks, we don't want any third party, swaraj said.
;;0.2023;;swaraj told taiebnia that india considered iran as an important partner.
;;0.0;;after the reports surfaced, 63-year-old swaraj said in a series of tweets that she had taken a humanitarian view and conveyed to the british high commissioner that they should examine modi's request as per their rules and if the british government chooses to give travel documents to lalit modi  that will not spoil our bilateral relations.
;;0.8519;;meanwhile, in parliament, swaraj said india would continue to maintain close engagement and bilateral exchanges, as well as extend all assistance in accordance with the aspirations of the people of nepal, for peace, stability and socio-economic development of the country.
;;-0.1326;;swaraj said india has been consistently advising the nepal government that the issues facing that country are political in nature, which cannot be resolved through force.
;;0.34;;taking strong exception to amazon canada selling doormats depicting indian flag, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj yesterday asked the e-retailer to withdraw the products and tender an unconditional apology, failing which no official of amazon will be granted indian visa and the ones issued earlier will also be rescinded.
;;-0.296;;we will also rescind the visas issued earlier, swaraj said in her tweets after she received a complaint on twitter.
;;0.128;;39 indians held captive in iraq since jun' 14 alive: sushmanew delhi, mar 9, 2016 (pti) 18:55 istthe 39 indians, who have been held as captives by the dreaded isis in iraq since june 2014, are believed to be still alive, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told lok sabha today, as she asserted the government is making all efforts to bring them back.
;;-0.7684;;swaraj said that if the indians were stranded, the government would have brought them long back but they are in the captivity of terrorists.
;;-0.7269;;swaraj also said there has been no big exodus of indians from foreign countries in the wake of steep fall in crude oil prices which has adversely affected job prospects.
;;-0.4019;;this is a future problem and the government is aware about it, swaraj said.
;;-0.4019;;emphasising that welfare of indians living abroad was a priority for the government, swaraj said it is working from all sides to address problems faced by them.
;;0.3182;;for me, they all are indians, swaraj said while expressing confidence that such problems would be resolved completely.
;;0.4404;;in response, swaraj said she thanked the members for their sentiments.
;;0.7906;;india to provide help on boy's mother's request in norway: eamnew delhi, dec 23, 2016 (pti) 15:58 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said india will provide help on the request of the mother of the boy, who has been taken away by the norway authorities even as norwegian embassy here asked for restraint in the case, assuring that it is being handled with complete sensitivity and awareness.
;;-0.1531;;swaraj said in lok sabha yesterday that she had not helped lalit but his cancer-stricken wife and questioned if sonia gandhi would have acted differently if faced with such a situation.
;;0.0;;swaraj said.
;;-0.8481;;the portal seeks to significantly reform the linear process adopted to post grievances from the originator of the grievance to the concerned embassy or consulate of india abroad and cut down the time required for grievances to be sent from delhi to our missions abroad and to get them to take necessary action, swaraj said.
;;0.802;;swaraj said such healthy intra-department competition would act as a deterrent for officials to not let work slide and they would therefore respond with greater accountability now, which would ultimately benefit people.
;;0.0382;;noting that by 2016-end, the government will not leave any country where indian ministers have not gone, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, in letters to the ministers, said her ministry has identified 68 nations yet to be visited by them.
;;0.4767;;i must thanked the foreign and interior ministries of pakistan besides barrister shahnawaz noon, who fought her case like a father, swaraj said.
;;-0.9382;;we must delink religion from terror: swaraj tells arab leaguemanama, jan 24, 2016, (pti) 14:56 iststrongly pitching for delinking terrorism from religion, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said india and the arab world must join hands to eliminate the menace as she warned that those who silently sponsor terror groups could end up being used by them.
;;0.1513;;those who believe that silent sponsorship of such terrorist groups can bring rewards must realise that they have their own agenda; they are adept at using the benefactor more effectively than the sponsor has used them, swaraj told the foreign ministers of arab league states.
;;-0.5574;;terrorists use religion, but inflict harm on people of all faiths, said swaraj, who arrived here yesterday on a two-day visit.
;;0.0;;it seeks to subvert societies through its pernicious doctrine of a clash of civilisations, swaraj said.
;;-0.3818;;we must pledge to halt the physical violence that has spread like a plague, swaraj said.
;;0.2006;;we, who represent the stable and civilised world, must meet the challenge, or we risk destroying the most precious inheritance of our forefathers, swaraj said.
;;-0.5267;;it is therefore imperative more than ever before that we stand together and recognise the danger to our world for what it is, swaraj said.
;;0.5423;;swaraj said the ministerial meeting was aimed at giving a new shape, direction and energy to the centuries-old relations between india and the arab world.
;;0.8658;;sushma swaraj on thursday said all the 40 abductees, mostly from punjab, were safe and the government would go beyond its limits to secure their release and ensure safety of other indians in iraq.
;;0.6705;;i was really moved and felt safe for a moment when sushmaji said: we should tell the people of north-east that you are our brothers and sisters and we will protect you.
;;-0.5574;;dh file photoall embassy officials are safe after the terror attack in the swedish capital of stockholm which took place very close to the indian embassy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said tonight.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said government has helped jagannathan selvaraj, who hails from tiruchirappalli in tamil nadu, to return to his village.
;;0.4019;;swaraj, who earlier visited bangladesh, bhutan, nepal and myanmar, said that she would travel to afghanistan to continue the governments special emphasis on indias relations with its neighbours.
;;-0.8316;;no proof 39 indians held hostage in iraq are dead or alive: sushmanew delhi, feb 21, 2015, (pti): 20:34 istthere was no proof of 39 indian nationals, who were taken hostage in war-torn iraq last june, being dead or alive, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told their families when they met her here today.
;;0.6124;;after her sixth meeting in the last nine months with the relatives of the 39 indians, swaraj said she has conveyed to these families, who are from punjab, that the government has spoken to every country and individual who could help in securing their release.
;;0.4215;;today also i briefed them about the efforts made by the government from the last time they met me and they go back satisfied, swaraj said.
;;0.1531;;earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said it was beneficial for both the countries and that there will a notional loss of territory without borders getting contracted.
;;-0.2263;;swaraj said the measure, apart from demarcating the boundaries, would also help checking illegal immigration.
;;0.0;;swaraj said the only issue which remained to be settled with bangladesh was that of river water-sharing, primarily relating to teesta river.
;;0.5574;;outlining the benefits of the bill, swaraj said undemarcated boundaries would now get demarcated, occupied territory will now have proper boundaries and enclave living people will get certainty.
;;0.2023;;addressing the gathering, sushmaswaraj swaraj said that people-to-people contact was an important aspect of diplomacy, especially in religious tourism.
;;0.4019;;amazon canada sells doormats with tricolour, sushmaswaraj warns of stern actionnew delhi, jan 11, 2017, (pti): 20:56 isttaking strong exception to amazon canada selling doormats depicting indian flag, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today asked the e-retailer to withdraw the products and tender an unconditional apology, failing which no official of amazon will be granted indian visa and the ones issued earlier will also be rescinded.
;;-0.296;;we will also rescind the visas issued earlier, swaraj said in a series of tweets after she received a complaint on twitter.
;;0.0;;to this, swaraj said such operations depend on complete secrecy.
;;0.8271;;it is my duty and responsibility to keep the hope of tracing them alive and bring them home safely, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;two weeks ago, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said modi would only address the crowd on international yoga day.
;;0.3818;;either you accept all our amendments or send it to the standing committee again and bring it back before the house after two or three months, said swaraj.
;;-0.7717;;on the china-pakistan nexus, sushmaswaraj said while taking up the issue at the global level, china should remember that it, too, was a victim of terrorism.
;;0.1106;;he raised it very strongly that it is not acceptable to us what you are talking about china-pakistan economic corridor going to pok, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said in new delhi.
;;0.6124;;un's decision to mark yoga day shows india's soft power:swarajnew york, jun 22, 2015, (pti) 10:03 istun's decision to commemorate the international day of yoga underlines the appreciation for india and its growing soft power, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said.
;;0.0;;the way the day was commemorated around the globe, the world had made the first international day of yoga its own, swaraj said at the hindu temple society of north america.
;;-0.0191;;swaraj said the colour of the skin, religious or political affiliation or the nationality did not matter for the hundreds of thousands that performed yoga in the city.
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has asked to be moved to a portfolio with a more domestic focus, the sources said.
;;0.8537;;sushma defends modi's foreign tripsnew delhi, dec 3, 2014, dhns: 1:31 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on wednesday that the bjp-led government not only moved with rare speed and resolve in the past six months to step up new delhis external engagements, but also strongly defended security interests of india.
;;0.0;;the global response has been just as unparalleled, swaraj said while making a suo motu statement on prime minister narendra modis recent foreign visits.
;;0.93;;narrating the success of modis foreign visits, sushmaswaraj said that modi had laid out a clear vision of indias role and place in the world; signaled willingness to assume leadership expected from the worlds largest democracy; and, demonstrated ability to turn commitments into action and convert opportunities into outcomes.
;;-0.296;;any understanding between governments of india and bangladesh will not be enough as no decision is possible without consulting the state (west bengal) government, swaraj told a press conference here.
;;-0.296;;asked whether there was any possibility of banerjee dropping out at the last minute this time too, swaraj said this time there is no such possibility.
;;0.0;;swaraj said the issue of deportation of ulfa leader anup chetia from bangladesh was likely to figure during the talks and noted that while extradition process will take long, he could be repatriated.
;;0.7184;;on the developments in india's neighbourhood including in maldives where former president mohamed nasheed has been sentenced to 13 years in jail under anti-terror laws, swaraj said an early peaceful resolution of the issue will be beneficial for that country.
;;0.2023;;we said its a livelihood issue, swaraj said.
;;-0.1027;;we stand united with the people and the government of france in this hour of profound grief, swaraj said.
;;0.8481;;i am happy to inform you that we have received support of 170 nations and four days from today, the united nations will declare june 21 as the world yoga day, swaraj said at a function in the presence of yoga guru ramdev.
;;-0.9136;;making a statement on the two terror attacks in both houses of parliament, sushmaswaraj swaraj said though both the incidents are seemingly disparate in nature, they are a call to join hands to comprehensively and decisively defeat terrorism.
;;0.4019;;hopefully this can happen in the next few days, swaraj and jaitley had said.
;;-0.4215;;sushma swaraj said her daughter bansuri was a junior lawyer in lalit modi's passport case but received no money.
;;0.0;;not a single rupee was taken (by her), sushmaswaraj swaraj said, amid continuous slogan-shouting by congress members.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has told kerala chief minister oommen chandy, that since all the airports in yemen are closed, the plan is to bring people to the neighbouring country djibouti by ships and from there to india in aircraft, a government release said here.
;;0.4404;;stand on lakhvi not in line with growing ties, delhi tells beijingnew delhi, june 26, 2015, dhns: 1:38 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday told her chinese counterpart wang yi that beijings move to shield pakistan from actions by united nations for recent release of terror plotter zaki ur rahman lakhvi was at variance with progress in india-china bilateral relations.
;;0.7003;;our government is resolved to move with a great sense of priority and speed to implement the 'act east policy', external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said here today during an interaction with indian business leaders.
;;0.7906;;i am happy to say that we have reached new milestones in our global outreach and made significant achievements in the last one year in transforming our relations with the outside world, said swaraj, who is here on a three-day bilateral visit and to attend the 16th world sanskrit conference.
;;0.4019;;sushma told the chief ministers that the state governments of the northeastern region were active stakeholders in the act east policy of india.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in udaipur, said the government discussed and reviewed the position held by it and previous governments on the issue.
;;-0.2023;;swaraj had on saturday said pakistan should not insist on including the kashmir issue in the agenda of any meeting with india before resumption of the structured dialogue, stalled since january 2013.
;;0.0;;in a tweet, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, we will evacuate india's u-14 girls football team on priority.
;;0.0;;we will hold yoga events on the premises of our embassy there, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told reporters when queried about the issue.
;;-0.5106;;asked if it was tit for tat as india too recently rejected visa to a pakistani official, swaraj said, only pakistan can tell if its tit for tat.
;;0.6486;;i want to extend my gratitude to these yoga gurus, said swaraj.
;;0.0;;he will only deliver an address, said swaraj, who will be in new york to attend the events organised at the un on the occasion.
;;0.4215;;most union ministers and bjp mps will participate in events planned in their respective constituencies, said swaraj.
;;-0.1531;;earlier, in a series of tweets, swaraj said, i have spoken to yogi adityanath ji chief minister of uttar pradesh about attack on african students in greater noida.
;;-0.2755;;sushma swaraj on thursday told the lok sabha that she did not recommend to the british government to give travel documents to former ipl chief lalit modi.
;;0.2755;;she was foreign secretary, when swaraj, acting on modis request, told british high commissioner to india james bevan if the uk government issued a travel document to modi it would not have any adverse impact on new delhis relations with london.
;;0.7717;;they gave hope to generations to come, by ensuring that our values and principles, which we hold sacred, are forever enshrined in our psyche and in our constitutions, swaraj said.
;;0.5423;;swaraj said india and south africa are marching hand-in-hand towards peace, prosperity and development.
;;0.7783;;swaraj also asked the chief minister to ensure safety and security of all foreign students in the state.
;;-0.2235;;swaraj said the house should not miss the opportunity to pass the legislation by getting entangled in technicalities.
;;-0.1779;;responding to gandhi's charge that she had received money for helping lalit modi, swaraj told him to ask his mamma as to how much money had been taken from quattrocchi and why did 'daddy' (rajiv gandhi) secure the release of the killer of 15,000 people (in bhopal gas leak), an apparent reference to anderson.
;;-0.296;;no dates have been finalised for modi's visit which will take place on mutually convenient dates, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;0.0;;swaraj said she will be travelling to israel this year, besides palestine and jordan.
;;0.7096;;describing israel as a friendly country, swaraj said india had never let down the palestinian cause and it will continue to support it.
;;0.0;;swaraj said she will travel to iran to attend the nam summit this year.
;;0.0258;;talking about government's efforts to reach out to various countries, swaraj said prime minister will visit five central asian countries including turkmenistan, kazakhstan and tajikistan when he travels to russia to attend the brics summit.
;;0.0;;when he goes to ufa in russia for brics summit, he will visit five central asian countries, swaraj said, adding the foreign policy has been spread quite significantly.
;;0.0;;under the operation 'raahat', 6,688 people were evacuated from yemen, including 4,741 indians and 1,947 foreign nationals by air and sea routes, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in a suo motu statement.
;;0.1779;;india's approach in the evacuation process has been guided by the spirit of 'vasudev kutumbakam' (the whole world is one), swaraj said.
;;0.0;;swaraj said india had received formal requests from 33 countries, including some neighbouring and western nations, for assistance in evacuation of their nationals as the indian embassy was among the handful of foreign missions operational in sanaa after the airstrikes began.
;;0.2023;;swaraj said the government, in anticipation of deteriorating situation in yemen, had put in place necessary logistical arrangements involving coordination among the ministries of home, defence and civil aviation for the evacuation.
;;0.0;;swaraj said she personally spoke to the foreign minister of saudi arabia on march 27 and 29, requesting for assistance in our evacuation efforts.
;;0.0;;he will be coming, sushmaswaraj told reporters when asked if modi will visit pakistan to attend the summit.
;;0.4927;;at a joint press conference with aziz, sushmaswaraj said she had a very good meeting with both aziz and sharif.
;;-0.1717;;scoffing at chidambarams clarification in rajya sabha when this matter was raised by an aiadmk member, sushmaswaraj asked how was it possible that the former minister would be unaware when the i-t department came under him.
;;0.5106;;answering to a question raised by congress on why her ministry was not disclosing correspondence between chidambaram and british authorities, sushmaswaraj said he did not give any letters to mea and wrote on his own without taking then manmohan singh government into confidence.
;;-0.5106;;sushma also said that the upa minister had failed to bring back lalit modi from london as he did not try for his extradition as suggested by the uk government and confined his requests to deportation which could not happened.
;;0.3818;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in new delhi that she did not believe the claims and her own sources felt the indian nationals were still alive.
;;0.3818;;i have eight different sources who are saying they are alive, sushmaswaraj swaraj told the media after families of the hostages met her in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.0;;he was not under detection, sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;0.3975;;i don't want to give up hope on this and we are looking for proof, sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;0.0;;those who do not return by 25th september will have to make their own arrangements for boarding, lodging and return journey, swaraj said in a series of tweets.
;;0.4215;;sushma swaraj told her nepalese counterpart that she was heartened at the progress made in india-nepal projects since modi's visit.
;;0.0;;after the reports surfaced, 63-year-old swaraj said in a series of tweets that she had taken a humanitarian view and conveyed to the british high commissioner that they should examine modi's request as per their rules and if the british government chooses to give travel documents to lalit modi -- that will not spoil our bilateral relations.
;;0.0;;however, in another case, swaraj asked a pakistani lawyer to get a recommendation from pakistan's foreign affairs advisor sartaj aziz .
;;0.0;;after the reports surfaced, 63-year-old swaraj said in a series of tweets that she had taken a humanitarian view and conveyed to the british high commissioner that they should examine modi's request as per their rules and if the british government chooses to give travel documents to lalit modi - that will not spoil our bilateral relations.
;;0.2023;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said the government was taking immediate action and she had spoken to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath who has assured her of a fair and impartial investigation into the unfortunate incident.
;;0.0;;addressing a gathering of the indian diaspora here in the omanese capital, swaraj said numerous initiatives have been announced starting with prime minister's 'make in india' campaign to make india an investment and manufacturing destination.
;;0.0;;more are on the anvil, including in the forthcoming budget later this month, swaraj said last night without specifying the new reforms to be announced.
;;0.6249;;swaraj said when officers were slogging hard, it was the duty of the ministry to ensure better working environment for them.
;;-0.5574;;whether sushmaswaraj swaraj has told anything about his illegal activities?
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, addressing a press conference, said pakistan only has till saturday midnight to give its answer to india's response to aziz's press conference in islamabad earlier in the day that kashmir was the core issue and he would take it up during talks with his indian counterpart ajit doval.
;;0.5994;;on aziz showing a dossier on alleged indian intelligence involvement in pakistan, which he said he would present in new york in case the nsa talks are not held, sushmaswaraj swaraj said dossiers were important documents and one does not just go about presenting dossiers while walking on the street.
;;-0.9001;;sushma swaraj said the operative part of the july 10 ufa talks was that terrorism and talks cannot go together, and that a productive dialogue can be held only in an atmosphere free from terrorism and violence.
;;-0.7579;;swaraj asks indian hc in pak to seek consular access to indian prisonernew delhi, aug 6, 2016, (pti): 10:14 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has directed the indian high commissioner in pakistan to seek consular access to an indian prisoner who was attacked at least thrice by inmates in a peshawar jail.
;;0.0;;in fact, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that rohith was not a dalit.
;;-0.296;;later, addressing a press conference, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said geeta refused to identify the mahatos as her family.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the indian embassy in brussels was trying to trace ganesh.
;;-0.1531;;two jet airways crew members -- nidhi chaphekar and amit motwanai -- were injured in yesterday's explosions at brussels' zaventem airport and swaraj said they are recovering well.
;;0.0;;swaraj said government was coordinating with jet airways to evacuate indian citizens.
;;0.6124;;please help us locate raghavendran, swaraj said in another tweet.
;;0.0;;sushma pushes for declaring gita as national scripturenew delhi, dec 7, 2014, (pti) 20:44 istpressing for the centre to declare bhagwad gita as a 'rashtriya granth' (national scripture), external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today only a formality remained to be done in this regard, triggering a controversy with trinamool congress saying constitution is the holy book in a democracy.
;;-0.7845;;making a statement in the lok sabha amid boycott by several opposition parties, sushmaswaraj said if helping a woman cancer patient was a crime, then i admit having committed this crime.
;;-0.6908;;would she have left the woman die, swaraj asked gesturing at the mostly empty opposition benches.
;;0.0;;i did not seek to influence their decisions, swaraj said.
;;0.0516;;no, swaraj said, challenging the opposition to show a document, letter or email suggesting that she had recommended lalit modis case to the british government.
;;0.4939;;quoting ram charit manas, sushmaswaraj said perhaps the stars were not aligned in her favour now, as those who have showered their affection on her were demanding her resignation.
;;0.25;;addressing the inaugural session of 16th world sanskrit conference here as the chief guest, swaraj also announced that a post of joint secretary for sanskrit has been created in the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.8271;;in the present days you are aware that scientists hold the view that sanskrit can play an important role in developing software for language recognition, translations, cyber security and other fields of artificial intelligence, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;lauding sanskrit bharati's role, swaraj said that it was propagating sanskrit by conducting conversation courses not only in india, but also in several countries world over.
;;0.5095;;if you focus your discussions in this direction, it would greatly benefit the cause of sanskrit, swaraj told the gathering.
;;0.0;;new paths will open up by such efforts, swaraj said.
;;0.7783;;swaraj said the indian council for cultural relations has decided to grant international sanskrit award to the scholar who has made significant contribution for sanskrit.
;;0.3612;;swaraj said the iccr would also grant fellowships to two deserving foreign scholars for conducting research in india in sanskrit language or literature.
;;0.0;;union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in a tweet,we have contacted ramdev in kathmandu.
;;0.7964;;in a written reply, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said a large number of countries have supported india's initiatives for reform of the security council, as well as endorsed india's candidature for permanent membership.
;;0.6666;;government is of the view that early reforms of the security council is an essential element in the overall effort to reform the un in order to make it more broadly representative, efficient and transparent and thus to further enhance its effectiveness and the legitimacy and implementation of its decisions, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;depending on the vacancies available, india and all other member states may forward nominations of their nationals to serve on the monitoring team for which selections are made by the un secretariat, swaraj said.
;;0.4767;;indian diplomatic staff in pak 'tailed' by intel agencies:govtnew delhi, mar 11, 2015 (pti) 15:37 istindian high commission staff in pakistan are being subjected to intrusive surveillance and tailing by intelligence personnel of that country, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;-0.6326;;our government is making all attempts so that all charges levelled against her are dropped, swaraj said, adding that the us government has expressed regret over the incident.
;;-0.4588;;following the attack, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that she has sought a report on the matter.
;;-0.296;;no decision on indo-pak cricket series: sushmaswaraj swarajnew delhi, may 31, 2015, (pti): 19:15 istno decision has yet been taken on indo-pak cricket series, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;-0.1027;;no decision has been taken, swaraj said when asked about the reports that india will be playing bilateral cricket series with pakistan.
;;-0.5719;;later responding to a zero hour mention by t subbarami reddy (cong) on hate crimes against indians in the us, swaraj said she would make a detailed statement on monday.
;;0.0;;coming out of the 20-minute meeting, swaraj said: the name has been finalised.
;;-0.3321;;our government is making all attempts so that all charges levelled against her are dropped, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told the lok sabha during the question hour.
;;0.4404;;such actions have not been repeated in these countries except pakistan after the matter was taken up with the respective governments, swaraj said.
;;0.2924;;we will not allow any harm to (happen to) india, swaraj said in the lok sabha.
;;0.4939;;during question hour, swaraj said the government is aware of the agreement to supply two additional nuclear power reactors, chashma-3 and chashma-4 by china to pakistan.
;;0.362;;to another query related to the china-pakistan nuclear deal, swaraj said the situation has not reached the level where it needs to be raised in the united nations.
;;-0.5267;;reacting to the incident, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, i am sorry to know about the attack on deep rai, a us national of indian origin.
;;0.7096;;replying to a calling attention motion on tamil fishermen issue in lok sabha, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had on wednesday said that a proposal involving the development of a national ais (automatic identification system) network for effective tacking of small fishing vessels fitted with customised ais transponders and having early warning system on international maritime boundary line is being explored for the safety and security of the fishermen.
;;0.0;;heeding to her request, a couple were asked to pose as her brother and sister-in-law to meet ali and tell him that uzma would stay with them, sushmaswaraj said.
;;0.6249;;eam sushmaswaraj swaraj warmly welcomed by the deputy prime minister and foreign minister of belgium didier reynders on her arrival at egmont palace, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said in a tweet after the meeting yesterday.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said in last few days four families from punjab, bihar, jharkhand and uttar pradesh have claimed gita to be their daughter.
;;0.0;;we are completing the necessary formalities to bring gita back to india, swaraj said in a tweet adding i am requesting the chief ministers of these states to verify and report.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj and arun jaitley said the bjp decided to support sangma after trying unsuccessfully to evolve a consensus within the nda.
;;-0.4215;;swaraj said bjp would try to bring trinamool, which broke ranks from upa, also on board.
;;0.128;;swaraj said because of the security situation in south sudan where ovl has its operations at thar jath, the work has stopped.
;;0.3182;;inaugurating the business forum, swaraj asked the indian companies to invest more in the african continent, which offers a huge market for indian goods and services.
;;0.6597;;we hope african countries will take steps to attract such investments from india, particularly from manufacturing and processing activities, swaraj said.
;;0.4019;;swaraj said on the issue: regarding jyotirmay kaushal's admission in a law course at sussex university, he secured admission through the normal process in 2013one year before i became a minister.
;;0.0;;swaraj said she had suggested to the british government that if they chose to give travel documents to modi, it would not spoil our bilateral relations.
;;0.296;;sack sushmaswaraj , says rahul gandhinew delhi, june 16, 2015, dhns 23:29 istcongress vice-president rahul gandhi on monday asked prime minister narendra modi to sack external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for helping former ipl chief lalit modi who is the symbol of black money.
;;0.1779;;gps to be installed in fishing boatsmarch 04, 2016, new delhi, dhns 1:21 istthe issue of indian fishermen straying into pakistans waters will be resolved soon with the installation of gps on fishing boats and marking of the maritime boundary, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on thursday.
;;-0.1027;;in response to concerns raised about the fishermen issue during the zero hour in the rajya sabha, swaraj also said a similar problem is faced by indian fishermen straying into sri lankan waters and she would be meeting the sri lankan fisheries minister in may to find a solution.
;;-0.5994;;new delhi, apr 8, 2017 (pti) 13:43 istindia has received a report on the shootout incident resulting in the death of its national in the us' washington state and is coordinating with the investigative agencies, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;-0.5994;;this resulted in his death, swaraj said.
;;-0.4215;;swaraj said she had written to vaz on humanitarian grounds after lalit modi said his wife was ill.
;;0.0;;the home minister said swaraj told vaz to do only what was allowed as per the rules and regulations of the uk.
;;0.0772;;statements (made by china) threatening use of force are not appropriate as both countries are committed to resolve the issue, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said here on sunday.
;;-0.4939;;sushma told a news conference that new delhi could hold talks with islamabad even before the parliamentary elections in pakistan, only if the latter stopped exporting terror to india and restrained its soldiers from flouting ceasefire along the line of control as well as the undisputed stretch of border between the two nations.
;;-0.6597;;sushma on monday said that the national security advisors of india and pakistan continued to hold talks, as new delhi had decided that while talks and terror should not go together, talks on terror should go on.
;;-0.9578;;in the meeting held on the sidelines of an international donors conference here, swaraj told the chinese foreign minister that lakhvi was no ordinary terrorist as he masterminded the mumbai terror attack in which more than 166 people were killed.
;;0.0;;political relations have their own place, swaraj said.
;;-0.743;;uzma had also maintained that if she was sent back from the high commission, she will commit suicide, swaraj said, adding that the government was even ready to keep her for 2 or 3 years at the indian high commission but will not send her back to the person who tortured her.
;;0.0;;swaraj said the moment uzma said she is an indian, all other questions became redundant about her language and her religion.
;;0.6486;;speaking in the presence of prime minister narendra modi, bjp chief amit shah and other senior party colleagues, a confident and emotional sushmaswaraj said she would tear into pieces the congress by exposing individual instances of its leaders seeking shocking out of turn privileges.
;;0.0;;we will also rescind the visas issued earlier, swaraj had said in her tweets.
;;-0.6169;;with regard to the opposition not allowing a discussion on the issue, swaraj said that not giving her an opportunity to respond to the charges was injustice to her.
;;0.4588;;and after all these, people always move forward, said swaraj, when asked about new delhi's views on the future of its engagement with islamabad after the cancellation of the foreign secretary-level talks last month.
;;0.0;;(it is) pakistan, swaraj told journalists in her first standalone press conference after taking over as external affairs minister.
;;0.0;;swaraj, however, said the two cases could not be compared at all.
;;0.0;;on sunday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said the long-pending teesta water-sharing pact with bangladesh will not be signed during modi's visit.
;;0.0;;govt plans to issue oci cards for expatriate indiansnew delhi, jan 10, 2016, dhns: 1:43 istthe government is considering a proposal to issue overseas citizen of india or oci cards up to fifth or sixth generation of expatriate indians, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on saturday.
;;0.0;;delivering the keynote address on the occasion of the pravasi bharatiya divas, swaraj said the proposal of issuing aadhaar cards to non-resident indians (nris) was also under consideration.
;;0.0;;modi has ushered changes in all spheres including foreign: swarajsilchar (assam), dec 27, 2015, (pti) 19:25 istprime minister narendra modi has ushered in changes in all spheres including india's foreign policy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said here today.
;;0.34;;modi has established a new outlook in all spheres, including india's foreign policy, economic policy, homeland security, benefiting the people, swaraj said at a bjp workers' meeting here.
;;0.5719;;coming back to the development plank, swaraj said, when bjp wins here all round development will come to assam as bjp does not indulge in partisan politics based on religion and caste.
;;0.6124;;swaraj said following her visit to islamabad a 'comprehensive bilateral dialogue' with pakistan will begin with the objective of removing hurdles in the path of a constructive engagement by addressing issues of concern.
;;0.34;;the national security advisors of the two countries accordingly met on december 6 in bangkok, swaraj said.
;;-0.743;;swaraj said in her talks with sharif and pakistan foreign minister sartaj aziz in islamabad, which where held in the backdrop of this positive development, the two sides condemned terrorism and resolved to cooperate to eliminate this menace.
;;0.6249;;swaraj said the 5th ministerial conference of the heart of asia istanbul process on december 8-9 in islamabad was devoted to the themes of security and connectivity.
;;0.25;;swaraj said the beginning of comprehensive bilateral dialogue was announced in a joint statement following her meeting with aziz in islamabad on december 9.
;;0.8689;;the two leaders met in ufa, russia in july this year and agreed that the two countries had collective responsibillity to ensure peace and promote development, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;swaraj said the expected meetings of nsa and directors general of military operations, as envisaged at ufa, did not materialise for the reaons that we all know.
;;0.0;;envoy to meet indian girl in pak who crossed over 14 years agonew delhi, aug 04, 2015, dhns: 0:50 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday asked new delhis envoy to islamabad t c a raghavan to travel to karachi and meet geeta, a hearing and speech-impaired girl who inadvertently crossed into pakistan over 14 years ago.
;;-0.8934;;medanta's air ambulance crash lands near bangkok, pilot diesnew delhi, mar 6, 2017, (pti) 23:07 istan air ambulance of the medanta hospital today crash landed near bangkok after it caught fire, resulting in the death of its pilot and injuries to four crew members, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said tonight.
;;-0.34;;in a series of tweets, swaraj said, the air ambulance of medanta hospital with five member crew caught fire and crashlanded near bangkok.
;;0.0;;swaraj has said she helped lalit on humanitarian ground as he wanted to travel to portugal where his wife was undergoing medical treatment.
;;-0.5859;;there can no longer be pockets of prosperity in vast areas of underdevelopment and insecurity, swaraj said, stressing the 70th session of the un general assembly would be an opportune moment to achieve concrete results on the long-pending issue.
;;0.5267;;for india, the asia pacific and the indian ocean region is strategic to our security and economic interests, swaraj said in her opening remarks.
;;0.8225;;highlighting that her visit is taking place against the backdrop of a new government taking office in india with a decisive mandate, swaraj said the prime minister narendra modi-led regime propelled the aspirations of a young, vibrant and enterprising generation.
;;0.0;;even in the last eight months it is already evident that dramatic transformations are under way in my country, which will accelerate our journey to modernity, said swaraj.
;;0.6597;;chinese foreign minister wang yi was the first foreign dignitary to have been invited by india after the modi government took over, said swaraj, pointing the to importance delhi attached to relations with beijing.
;;0.5574;;on defence, swaraj said: we have made considerable progress in establishing and expanding defence contacts and exchanges, including those across our borders.
;;0.3612;;stating that the relationship has grown beyond bilateral ties, swaraj said the two countries now are parts of multilateral bodies like brics and basic.
;;0.8221;;swaraj said, more importantly, the relationship with key neighbours requires strong and broad-based support from people of both countries.
;;0.0;;swaraj said she would be launching 2015: visit india year in china.
;;0.6808;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, in a written reply to a question in lok sabha, also said the government keeps a constant watch on all developments that have a bearing on india's national interest and takes necessary steps to safeguard it.
;;0.34;;government has consistently conveyed to the us that it must take into account india-us relations and the impact on india's security in deciding its military assistance to pakistan, swaraj said.
;;0.4215;;pti photothe working style and scope of the mea has changed after prime minister narendra modi came to power, while safety of indians abroad has become a priority, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;0.9169;;giving the slogan of effective diplomacy and excellent delivery to highlight the three years of achievements of the modi government, swaraj said india shares good relations even with countries considered to be bitter rivals.
;;0.7783;;if we have given the slogan of effective diplomacy and excellent delivery, then we have lived up to the expectations, swaraj said, addressing a press conference.
;;0.7184;;today, after three years, i confidently say that if we have good relations with any region in the world, then it is west asia, swaraj said.
;;0.5927;;citing an example of saudi arabia and iran, swaraj said the two countries share bitter relations, but india is friends to both.
;;-0.5267;;swaraj said, some 80,000 indians abroad in distress were brought back over the last three years.
;;0.25;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her counterpart sartaj aziz announced in islamabad that india and pakistan would resume the parleys, which would now be called comprehensive bilateral dialogue, and will include talks on humanitarian issues, including religious tourism.
;;0.6369;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had sought a a report about the case from indian envoy in qatar two days ago, today said the embassy has requested tamil nadu government to help in filing mercy plea for alagappa subramaniam and chelladurai perumal.
;;-0.5267;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in lok sabha that india and pakistan decided to hold talks on terror when the prime ministers narendra modi and nawaz sharif met in ufa (russia) in july and then in paris recently.
;;-0.8658;;when bjp member ganesh singh asked whether india was exploring options like the us did to hunt down terrorists like osama bin laden, swaraj said india is talking to pakistan on the terrorist camps existing in pakistan-occupied kashmir (pok) as war is not an option.
;;0.34;;swaraj said following modi's conversation with sharif in paris on november 30 on the sidelines of climate change summit and in line with the ufa understanding between the two leaders, the national security advisors of the two countries met in bangkok on december 6.
;;-0.2023;;when asked whether india raised the issue of cross-border terrorism at the international fora like the un, swaraj said government actively discusses it in all its forms and manifestations in multilateral fora including un, eu, sco, arf, bimstec, saarc, gctf etc.
;;-0.6486;;swaraj said india has taken up on a number of occasions bilaterally with pakistan and also where required with international community new delhi's concerns regarding cross-border terrorism.
;;-0.4588;;earlier, swaraj announced india's pledge of usd one billion to nepal for its massive reconstruction programme and asserted that it will strongly stand behind the nepalese government in its hour of crisis.
;;-0.0258;;the government of india believes that asylum seekers, while applying for asylum to a foreign government, denigrate the system in india to obtain personal gains despite the fact that india, being a democratic country, provides avenues for everyone to redress their grievances lawfully, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in a written reply to a question in the lok sabha.
;;-0.25;;with 18 members of the country's under-14 girls football team stuck in nepal following the earthquake, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said they will be evacuated on priority.
;;0.4019;;i must thank the foreign and interior ministries of pakistan, besides barrister shahnawaz noon, who fought her case like a father, sushmaswaraj said.
;;0.3612;;swaraj told reporters that the bjp insisted on a discussion under a rule that entails voting as the government overlooked parliament by going back on its commitment to consult all stakeholders before taking a decision on fdi in multi-brand retail.
;;0.128;;hand chopping incident: it's unacceptable, says swarajnew delhi, oct 9, 2015, (pti) 10:29 istterming as unacceptable the incident where an indian woman's hand was chopped off by her employer in saudi arabia, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said the matter has been taken up with saudi authorities.
;;-0.7893;;we are very much disturbed over the brutal manner in which indian lady has been treated in saudi arabia, swaraj said today.
;;0.0772;;condemning the incident in strong words, swaraj said on twitter, this is unacceptable.
;;0.0;;swaraj said in new delhi that two out of four indian teachers allegedly kidnapped the is while returning to india from tripoli on july 29 were released today.
;;0.0;;trying for other two, swaraj said.
;;0.4588;;please take this up with amazon at the highest level, sushmaswaraj said in another tweet.
;;0.2732;;padosi se aise hi rishte hone chahiyen (this is how it should be with neighbours), swaraj said on twitter to the news of modi's visitmodi today made a surprise announcement of a stop-over in lahore as he wrapped up his brief afghanistan visit.
;;0.0;;sushmaji had said 10 heads for 1.
;;0.2023;;on our part, india stands ready to play our role in this global endeavour, swaraj said, referring to the siege at sydney on monday and the attack on school at peshawar on tuesday.
;;0.5106;;swaraj said the visit will deepen the trust between the two countries.
;;0.0;;swaraj said.
;;0.4767;;beijing, feb 1, 2015, (pti) 18:40 istindia is committed to finding an early settlement to the vexed boundary issue, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said on her maiden visit to china as she proposed a six-point template to build sino- india ties to realise the common dream of 'asian century'.
;;0.8225;;highlighting that her visit is taking place against the backdrop of new government taking over office in india with a decisive mandate, swaraj said prime minister narendra modi-led government propelled the aspiration of young, vibrant and enterprising generation.
;;0.0;;even in the last eight months it is already evident that dramatic transformations are underway in my country that will accelerate our journey to modernity, swaraj said.
;;0.6597;;foreign minister wang yi was the first foreign dignitary to have been invited by india after modi government took over, swaraj said pointing to the importance india attaches to its relations with china.
;;0.4939;;we have made considerable progress in establishing and expanding defence contacts and exchanges, including across our border, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;in a series of tweets on evacuation, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, we are launching operation #sankatmochan to evacuate indian nationals from south sudan.
;;0.2023;;swaraj said jp singh later called her up to seek a go ahead.
;;0.4767;;after the mea verified her address from the indian passport she was carrying, sushmaswaraj said she personally handled the issue and would call up at least thrice to speak to the singh and uzma to ensure the events unfold as per carefully crafted design.
;;-0.3818;;sushma said she kept on convicinguzma that she was india's daughter and the country will fight to bring her home.
;;-0.3612;;to diver her attention from the whole episode which had mentally drained her, swaraj said that she told her to work in the high commission's visa section which is manned by women staff.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj, minister for overseas indian affairs, on monday told journalists that guyanas indian-origin president donald ramotar would be the chief guest for the pbd 2015.
;;0.4898;;govt not worried about britain stopping fin aid to indianew delhi, dec 23, 2015 (pti) 15:56 istasserting that the government is not worried about britain deciding to stop financial aid to the country, union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said the move implies that britain recognises india's economic strength.
;;0.4215;;swaraj said the development partnership between india and the uk was under transition, with the focus shifting from financial assistance projects to technical assistance programmes by sharing skills and expertise or investment in private sector projects.
;;0.6124;;swaraj assures help to pakistani hindusnew delhi, aug 2, 2015, (pti) 12:49 istthe welfare of minorities in pakistan, including hindus, will be monitored closely and issues taken up at appropriate meetings, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said.
;;-0.6597;;new delhi, may 25, 2016, (pti) 19:54 istresponding to the concerns of the african envoys, swaraj said government has directed the authorities to take stringent action against the culprits involved in killing of the congolese national.
;;-0.4215;;swaraj said she has also asked lt governor of delhi najeeb jung to take necessary steps and ensure that the case of killing of oliver is tried by a fast track court.
;;0.9231;;earlier, welcoming hundreds of youth delegates, sushmaswaraj swaraj said it is a special joy to interact with the youth who share a special bond of heart with india.
;;-0.5267;;i may also state that only few days later, delhi high court quashed the upa government's order impounding lalit modi's passport on the ground that the said order was unconstitutional being violative of fundamental rights and he got his passport back, swaraj said.
;;-0.5106;;swaraj, who has been battling demands for her resignation over alleged 'quid pro quo' in relation to lalit modi, said, this is called quid pro quo.
;;0.0;;swaraj, who spoke after congress leader mallikarjun kharge during a discussion on lalit modi issue, said it was only after arun jaitley took over as the finance minister that things have started moving on bringing back the former ipl boss.
;;0.0;;prompted by jaitley, swaraj said her daughter had appeared with her seniors in the case.
;;0.0;;swaraj said while chidambaram wrote to his british counterpart, the chancellor of exchequer, seeking his deportation, he never pressed for extradition as suggested by the uk government.
;;0.3612;;asked about advanis prime ministerial candidature like 2009, swaraj said at that time he was leader of opposition( hence the claim).
;;0.128;;modi to visit china in may: sushmabeijing, feb 1 1:26 istindia stresses peace along borderprime minister narendra modi will embark on an outcome-driven maiden visit to china before may 26, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said here on sunday.
;;0.0;;sushma said modi would undertake the visit before the bjp-led nda government completes one year in office.
;;0.2732;;on the boundary question, my government is committed to exploring early settlement, said sushmaswaraj , who addressed the media after a lengthy round of talks with wang.
;;0.5106;;sushma said modi and president xi jinping were leaders with strong will power and both think out of the box.
;;0.3182;;on chinas mega silk road and maritime silk road plans, sushmaswaraj said india will not provide any blanket endorsement.
;;-0.296;;earlier in the day, sushmaswaraj swaraj said there would be no talks with pakistan if it insisted on discussing kashmir.
;;0.9371;;india, africa united by goals of progress: sushmanew delhi, oct 29, 2015, pti: 11:16 istindia and africa are united by their common goals of peace, progress and prosperity, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said as she sought cooperation and partnership between the two in the spirit of sabka saath, sabka vikas.
;;0.8979;;swaraj said at one time india and africa were one landmass, united by geology and today are united by our common goal for progress, prosperity and peace around the world.
;;0.4497;;that era is now behind us, but the solidarity engendered by that shared struggle continues, swaraj said.
;;0.7003;;it represents one of the finest examples of south-south cooperation, swaraj said adding that she was confident that the summit will chart a bold new course for future cooperation.
;;0.1531;;dh file photoexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday told the lok sabha that india has strongly protested pakistans recent move to declare gilgit-baltistan as its fifth province.
;;-0.5574;;sushma said her ministry has already issued a statement declaring islamabads move as illegal.
;;-0.5574;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told deputy chairman p j kurien that she has no problem with it and time should be extended if members want to speak.
;;-0.2023;;new delhi, aug 3, 2015, pti: 12:08 istbreaking her silence, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said she had not made any request to the british government for issue of travel documents to controversial former ipl chief lalit modi and asserted that all allegations against her were baseless and unfounded.
;;0.1027;;swaraj said she had conveyed on 'day one' through jaitley that she was ready to respond to all charges being made against her.
;;0.3182;;we need to have an interim solution based on humanitarian grounds and not technicalities, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told the rajya sabha on monday.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said that her tweets in the past four years had ripped her ministry of the aura of elitism and took it to common people.
;;0.0;;my tweets are linking it with the masses of india, said sushma.
;;-0.0516;;they will realise its importance the day someone from their own family will land in trouble abroad, said sushma.
;;0.3818;;speaking at an international conference in kathmandu, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced indias commitment of providing $1 billion for reconstruction of nepal.
;;0.7351;;i am happy to announce government of indias pledge for nepals post-earthquake reconstruction of nepali rupees 10,000 crore, equivalent to one billion us dollars, one fourth of it as grant, sushmaswaraj said, while speaking at the international conference the nepal government hosted in kathmandu to solicit funds for reconstruction of the disaster-hit country.
;;0.1877;;at the international conference on nepal's reconstruction, swaraj said: nepal is not alone.
;;-0.296;;9-magnitude earthquake in april, swaraj said: operation maitri was our largest ever disaster assistance effort abroad valued at nearly rs.400 billion.
;;0.0772;;commenting on the doklam issue during an annual press conference last month, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said india  has repeatedly said this about doklam and today i want to repeat again, status quo remains on the doklam face-off sitethere has not been any change in the position.
;;0.0;;india will continue to be part of it irrespective of whether the us remains in it or not, swaraj told reporters while speaking on three years of the modi government.
;;0.2263;;all 39 indian is hostages alive, says sushmanew delhi, may 15, 2015, dhns: 1:08 istindia was informed by eight different sources that 39 citizens of the country abducted in iraq 11 months ago were still alive, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on thursday.
;;0.3818;;i have eight different sources who are saying they are alive, swaraj said.
;;-0.9393;;us shooting: sushmaswaraj swaraj says victim out of dangernew york, mar 5, 2017, (pti) 13:30 ista 39-year-old sikh man in the us has been shot outside his home by a partially-masked gunman who shouted go back to your own country, in a suspected hate crime that comes just days after the killing of an indian engineer in kansas.
;;-0.5267;;reacting to the incident, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, i am sorry to know about the attack on deep rai, a us national of indian-origin.
;;0.0;;sharifs foreign affairs and nsa also said he would meet hurriyat conference and other kashmiri separatist leaders in new delhi before his meeting with doval, no matter how strongly new delhi disapproved of it.
;;-0.2617;;but do not make the hurriyat conference a party (in the bilateral engagement) and do not seek to include (in the agenda) any issue other than terror, said swaraj.
;;0.0;;swaraj said the meetings have led to the restart of bilateral dialogues, which would have included the kashmir issue.
;;0.7096;;sushma swaraj, however, said new delhi was not adding any precondition as the role of hurriyat conference or any third party in india-pakistan discussions on kashmir had been ruled out by the simla agreement of 1972.
;;0.4019;;it quotes the emails to say that in 2013, swaraj kaushal asked lalit modi if he could help in his nephew's admission to sussex university.
;;-0.8176;;in a series of 14 tweets, sushmaswaraj swaraj said she helped lalit modi, who has been staying in london since 2010 following allegations of financial impropriety, after he approached her last july saying his wife was suffering from cancer and was to undergo surgery in portugal.
;;0.0;;slamming the j and k government, swaraj said, this is an extraordinary situation.
;;-0.8658;;cong leader sought diplomatic passport for coal scam accused: swarajnew delhi, july 22, 2015, pti: 9:54 istin remarks which can create controversy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said a congress leader had pressed her to give diplomatic passport to coal scam accused santosh bagrodia.
;;0.561;;swaraj had last week said gita should be declared a national scripture, saying this respect has already been accorded to gita when prime minister modi gifted it to us president barack obama during his us visit in september.
;;-0.6808;;we do not need four points, we need just one - give up terrorism and let us sit down and talk, swaraj said while addressing the 193-member body.
;;0.0;;india remains open to dialogue, swaraj said in her 25-minute speech in hindi.
;;-0.8555;;the world shared our outrage at the 2008 mumbai terror attacks in which citizens of many nations were helplessly butchered, swaraj said, adding that it was an affront to the entire international community that the mastermind behind the attack is walking free in pakistan.
;;-0.9409;;not only have past assurances in this regard not been honoured (by pakistan) but new cross-border terrorist attacks have taken place recently, in which two terrorists from across the border have also been captured alive, swaraj said.
;;0.4404;;all 39 indians held hostage in iraq by isis alive: swarajnew delhi, sep 18, 2015 (pti) 19:13 istall the 39 indians held hostage in iraq by islamic state militants for more than a year are alive, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told the families of the victims today.
;;0.296;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said since capt kalia's torture created exceptional circumstances, the government would change its affidavit in the supreme court and ask if there are appropriate legal provisions under which it can move the icj.
;;-0.2894;;dh file photothe us has given a list of 271 people claiming they were illegal migrants from india, but the government has not accepted it and would allow their deportation only after proper verification, union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;0.0;;referring to skilled workers, swaraj said regarding h1b and l1 visas for professionals, four bills have come to the us congress but they have not been passed.
;;0.0;;swaraj said she had earlier stated that some bills have been moved in the us, but the government was taking steps so that they are not passed in such a form.
;;-0.4939;;in case we don't provide travel documents, they would be jailed, swaraj said, adding that from 2014 till date, 576 people have been provided travel documents.
;;0.2283;;new delhi, july 26, 2015, dhns: 0:34 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday claimed that she had never requested or recommended to the british government for grant of a travel document to former ipl chief lalit modi.
;;0.0;;on the african summit, swaraj said it would be india's biggest diplomatic initiative since 1983 when india hosted both commonwealth heads of government (chogm) and non-aligned movement (nam) summits.
;;0.0;;the global response has been just as unparalleled, sushmaswaraj swaraj said in the rajya sabha.
;;-0.4215;;swaraj has said she had written to vaz on humanitarian grounds after lalit modi said his wife was ill.
;;0.7579;;the prime minister told british prime minister during his visit to london for commonwealth summit that it was not befitting for the uk courts to ask about the condition of the jails in india, as these were the same prisons where they had held our leaders like (mahatma) gandhi and (jawaharlal) nehru and other freedom fighters, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on monday.
;;0.0;;addressing the first international day of yoga celebrations at the un, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, the entire world is one family, and we can unite it with yoga.
;;0.8519;;yoga literally means to join, to unite, and we see the international day of yoga as the perfect platform to bring the world together in a spirit of unity and harmony, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;and this is the place where it all began, swaraj said recalling that on the september 27 last year when the prime minister narendra modi had first made the proposal in the un general assembly to have an international day of yoga.
;;0.34;;we are also acknowledging our sense of a shared global fate, swaraj said.
;;0.0772;;swaraj said the central government was taking immediate action and that up chief minister yogi adityanath had assured her of a fair and impartial investigation into this unfortunate incident.
;;0.0258;;swaraj also asked delhi lt governor najeeb jung to look into the matter.
;;-0.296;;india and africa can no longer be excluded from their rightful place of the permanent membership of the un security council, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;0.6486;;noting that democratic reforms are essential in global institutions, swaraj said the 70th session of the un general assembly is an opportune moment to achieve concrete results to resolve these long-pending issues.
;;-0.6124;;there can no longer be pockets of prosperity in vast areas of underdevelopment and insecurity, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;during her annual press conference last week, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said modi will raise the issue with trump.
;;0.0516;;swaraj said she had conveyed through jaitley on day one that she was ready to respond to all charges, but the congress was not allowing a discussion.
;;0.5267;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told journalists that several actions from pakistan since the meeting at ufa had made it amply clear that the neighbouring country had no interest in pursuing the roadmap.
;;0.3612;;swaraj said that when sharif returned to islamabad after meeting prime minister narendra modi at ufa on july 10; he had to face sharp criticism in pakistan for agreeing on a roadmap of engagement with india.
;;-0.7269;;reacting to sharifs national security advisor aziz displaying a purported dossier on the alleged role of raw in terror incidents in pakistan during a press conference in islamabad, swaraj said that india would not only give dossiers in response, but also produce a live person as evidence of terror emanating from pakistan.
;;0.4019;;reacting through her tweets, bjps senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj claimed that the congress also benefitted from the reddy brothers.
;;0.3818;;seeking to clear her name, swaraj said all the mines were allotted to the reddys by the congress government, on the recommendations of the congress chief minister.
;;0.0;;he now wants to return to india, said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday.
;;0.4939;;bangkok, june 28, 2015 (ians) 19:02 istthe narendra modi government has elevated india's look east policy of the last two decades to act east, and resolved to move with a greater sense of priority and speed to implement the same, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on sunday.
;;-0.4588;;however, swaraj told reporters soon after the defeat of her motion that the majority in the house was against fdi in retail.
;;0.6597;;making an earnest appeal, swaraj said the adjournment motion should be accepted as it is.
;;0.0;;my only request is that the opposition should be present in the house when i give the reply, swaraj said.
;;-0.296;;no meeting is scheduled either from their side or from our side, swaraj told a press conference on completion of three years of the government.
;;0.2878;;swaraj had said it takes more time to secure release of people who are held captive and asked the mps to keep faith in government's efforts to trace the abducted priest.
;;0.2023;;we all need to work together to remove this anomaly and media has an important role in this, swaraj said in her inaugural address of 3rd india-africa editors forum.
;;0.1027;;swaraj said india africa and other developing countries need to work hand-in-hand in two critical areas- climate change and world trade - in the form of conference of parties (cop)- 21 on climate change in paris and the 10th wto ministerial in kenya in december this year.
;;0.4667;;in both these meetings also india, africa and other developing countries will have to work hand-in-hand to ensure that our development agenda is not affected, swaraj said.
;;0.4588;;swaraj said the basic approach to the relations between india and africa has to maximise mutual benefit.
;;0.5859;;through credit lines, india has partnered africa in creating 137 projects in 41 countries, swaraj said.
;;0.765;;lauding mahatma gandhi as one of the greatest journalists, swaraj said the media in india and africa should play a crucial role in building the relationship between the countries.
;;-0.5574;;a 55-year-old indian woman, who was allegedly sold and tortured in saudi arabia, will return tomorrow, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;0.8225;;highlighting that her visit is taking place against the backdrop of new government taking over office in india with a decisive mandate, swaraj said the prime minister narendra modi led government propelled the aspiration of young, vibrant and enterprising generation.
;;0.0;;even in the last eight months it is already evident that dramatic transformations are underway in my country that will accelerate our journey to modernity, swaraj said.
;;0.5106;;in the background of a strong government emerging in india, swaraj said modi already had three meeting with chinese president xi jinping and met premier li keqiang.
;;0.5719;;chinese foreign minister wang yi was the first foreign dignitary to have been invited by india after modi government took over, swaraj said pointing the to important india attached to the relations with china.
;;0.3612;;stating that the ties have grown beyond bilateral ties, swaraj said the two countries now are parts of multilateral bodies like brics and basic.
;;0.8221;;swaraj said more importantly the relationship with key neighbours requires strong and broad based support from people of both the countries.
;;0.0;;swaraj said she will be launching 2015: visit india year in china.
;;-0.1531;;swaraj said a critical nature of the bilateral ties are the growing economic ties.
;;0.5859;;swaraj said the close developmental partnership agreed during last september visit of xi to india symbolises that determination.
;;0.2263;;eluding to civilisational links between the two countries and the far reaching influence of buddhism, swaraj said our ancient scholars of two civilisations have played their critical role in building of these ties.
;;0.8952;;as visit india year is celebrated this year followed visit china year, this is most appropriate opportunity to reinvigorate the xuan zang and kumarajva spirit, swaraj said.
;;0.5423;;it is important for political parties to express their view on fdi in retail in parliament and this can be done only through voting, swaraj told journalists after the all-party meeting convened by the speaker.
;;0.0;;externals affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said late on friday that two of them hailing from karnataka were released.
;;-0.4215;;swaraj said she had written to vaz on humanitarian grounds after lalit modi said his wife was ill.
;;0.8074;;in her message, swaraj had said that the 70th anniversary of the establishment of the united nations was an important year in which the invaluable contribution made by un peacekeepers through the history of the organisation should be well recognised.
;;0.0;;busy times for india-us relations: sushmaswaraj swarajwashington, sep 22, 2015 (ians) 20:08 istbilateral relations between india and the us are going through busy times, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said here on tuesday at the opening of the first ministerial of the india-us strategic and commercial dialogue.
;;0.2263;;if the court decides to give him this bail and they allow him to go to italy, we will not oppose that, swaraj had told journalists on september 8, 2014, the day she had her first formal interaction with mediapersons after taking over as external affairs minister almost two-and-a-half months back.
;;-0.5719;;new delhi, feb 13, 2017 (pti) 15:26 istthe culprit responsible for the killing of a 26-year-old indian man in santa clara county of california last week has been arrested, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today and assured all assistance to the family of the deceased.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj has said she helped modi on humanitarian grounds.
;;0.0;;in chennai, former finance minister p. chidambaram said sushmaswaraj swaraj should have asked lalit modi to go to the indian high commission with request for his temporary travel documents, instead of bypassing it.
;;0.0;;swaraj had said that geeta would be handed over to the family after dna test.
;;-0.296;;though modi and sharif will attend the shanghai cooperation organisations summit in the capital of kazakhstan on june 8 and 9, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday told journalists that no bilateral meeting between the two prime ministers had been scheduled so far.
