;;-0.7906;;expressing shock over the killing, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said two indian consulate officials from houston have been rushed to kansas to render all possible assistance.
;;-0.2427;;union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj (source: express archive photo/tashi tobgyal) union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj (source: express archive photo/tashi tobgyal)fifty radicalised indian youth have crossed over to the other side, but the indian ethos and culture have ensured that the menace has not taken dangerous proportions in the country, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said wednesday.
;;0.0;;responding to supplementaries during the question hour, swaraj said 50 radicalised indian youth have crossed over to the other side (us taraf gaye).
;;0.0;;swaraj told the house that india is set to host a conference of asean nations on de-radicalisation but the venue has not yet been finalised.
;;0.0;;responding to a question, swaraj said south china sea was not the subject of the proposed event.
;;0.2023;;last month, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the merger was essential as substantial work of moia was being done by indian missions abroad.
;;0.4588;;india has received $55 billion in fdi in the last two years, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on sunday, noting enhanced economic engagement with countries across the world has been a major priority area of the governments foreign policy.
;;0.0;;there have not been any ministerial visits to these countries, swaraj said.
;;0.2732;;swaraj said she and prime minister narendra modi visited six saarc countries, with the government strongly pursuing its neighbourhood first policy.
;;0.6808;;because of our effort, fdi has gone up, swaraj said, adding various foreign governments are participating in indias flagship programmes like rejuvenation of ganga and smart cities projects due to meas continuous efforts.
;;0.7184;;read | sushmaswaraj swaraj confident about getting ccit approved in untalking about cooperation with japan, swaraj said the country will be a permanent participant in the malbar exercise in which only india and the us participated earlier.
;;0.0;;swaraj announced that the last date for merging of pio (persons of indian origin) and oci (overseas citizenship of india) cards has been extended to december 31, 2016.
;;0.9022;;claiming that indias global stature has improved significantly, swaraj said it has been playing a major role at various multilateral forums and that confidence of the indian diaspora has increased due to governments proactive efforts.
;;0.5719;;when asked about the international yoga day, swaraj said it will be celebrated in 191 countries.
;;0.4767;;swaraj said indias ties with the neighbouring countries have improved, adding misunderstandings with nepal was removed.
;;-0.296;;we will also rescind the visas issued earlier, swaraj said in a series of tweets after she received a complaint on twitter.
;;0.34;;(representational image)as many as 301 indian fishermen are currently lodged in jails in pakistan which has confirmed the presence of only 77 and government is making all efforts to secure their release, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on thursday.
;;0.0258;;swaraj said government has been regularly taking up the matter of consular access, early release and repatriation of the apprehended indian fishermen in the custody of pakistan authorities at various levels.
;;0.3182;;swaraj said the government is continuously monitoring the status of indian fishermen in pakistan custody and accords high priority to securing their early release and repatriation.
;;0.743;;swaraj said that while pakistan had portrayed the meeting as a humanitarian gesture, the truth is that both humanity and compassion were missing during the meeting that was arranged on humanitarian and compassionate grounds.
;;-0.8316;;advertisingin 2017, swaraj had famously said that while india had created iims, aiims and iits which produced doctors and engineers, pakistan had produced terrorists and terrorist camps.
;;0.6908;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that respect for sovereignty is essential, in a clear reference to bri, since the china-pakistan economic corridor passes through areas in pakistan-occupied kashmir (pok).
;;0.0;;india has cooperated extensively with the international community for enhanced connectivity, swaraj said in her address at the meeting.
;;-0.8957;;we strongly believe that our fight against terrorism should not only seek to eliminate terrorists but should also identify and take strong measures against states that encourage, support and finance terrorism and provide sanctuary to terrorists and terror groups, said swaraj.
;;-0.2755;;(file)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said that the world was reeling under a storm of protectionism and that india did not agree with us president donald trumps me first approach on the issue.
;;0.0;;after trumps speech, swaraj said, she had a meeting with ministers of latin american and caribbean states.
;;0.0;;swaraj said she pointed out that india had a different approach.
;;0.0;;my first question to the government is what kind of a republic is this, swaraj asked.
;;0.0;;swaraj said she and other bjp leaders were released only at 12:40 pm while the official parade started at 10 am.
;;0.0;;when we did not relent,they kept us out of the state, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;on thursday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told indian journalists in new york that islamabads action had spoiled the game.
;;0.0;;in reaction, swaraj had said, new government has given a new signal.
;;0.2023;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said the government was taking immediate action and she had spoken to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath who has assured her of a fair and impartial investigation into the unfortunate incident.
;;-0.4767;;clearly miffed at being arrested in jammu yesterday yet not being allowed to stay in the state,which dampened the ekta yatris spirits,swaraj said that she was told a lie that the bjp leaders were being taken to jail and yet they were unceremoniously dumped in punjab.
;;-0.296;;where ever they stop us,we will sit there on a dharna till january 26, swaraj told reporters.
;;0.34;;swaraj said that they were determined to hoist the national flag at lal chowk in srinagar tomorrow.
;;-0.5106;;expressing shock over the shooting incident at a kansas bar in which indian citizen srinivas kuchibhotla lost his life, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said she will provide help and assistance to the family of the victim.
;;-0.9274;;watch | white house condemns kansas shooting that killed an indian engineergiving updates on the other indian citizen who was injured in the attack, swaraj said, i have spoken to indian ambassador in us mr. navtej sarna.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the indian embassy in saudi arabia has been directed to serve food to them and that she was monitoring the situation on an hourly basis.
;;-0.6908;;swaraj said indians in saudi arabia and kuwait were facing various problems relating to their work and wage and that the matters are much worse in saudi arabia.
;;-0.25;;/1  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 30, 2016swaraj said a large number of indians have lost their jobs in saudi arabia and kuwait and that their employers have not paid wages and closed down their factories.
;;0.0;;i personally brought this fact to the notice of the prime minister and home minister in the meeting itself even though they persisted with this appointment, swaraj said here.
;;0.0;;so i have decided to file a detailed affidavit on the issue, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;in a series of tweets, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said, south sudan  i am aware of the developments in south sudan.
;;-0.8689;;belgian authorities have identified raghavendran ganeshan, an infosys employee who had been missing ever since the terror attacks in brussels on march 22, as one of the blast victims, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said monday.
;;0.6486;;bexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj meets her azerbaijan counterpart mammadyarov in baku, azerbaijan on wednesday (source: twitter/@meaindia) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj meets her azerbaijan counterpart mammadyarov in baku, azerbaijan on wednesday (source: twitter/@meaindia)after calling on azerbaijan president ilham aliyev on wednesday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the two countries were committed to strengthening ties in a range of issues including trade and investment, connectivity and transportation, culture and tourism etc.
;;0.8316;;we had fruitful discussions that brought out the high-level of commitment on both sides to strengthening the relationship for mutual benefit of the peoples of both countries, swaraj said after meeting the president.
;;0.7003;;after holding talks with her foreign affairs counterpart, swaraj said the two countries have taken stock of progress in bilateral relations and spoken of regional and global issues of mutual interest.
;;-0.4019;;on international issues, swaraj said the two countries share the view that terrorism in all its forms is a global scourge that requires global action in the spirit of zero tolerance'.
;;-0.8474;;while handling the murder of masonga dtonda olivier, the 28-year-old congolese student who was beaten to death in vasant kunj, delhi in may 2016, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said, india is the land of gandhi and buddhawe can never have a racist mindset.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)the government is trying to remove all bottlenecks in providing training in skill development and communication to those seeking to work abroad, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on thursday.
;;-0.5719;;later responding to a zero hour mention by t subbarami reddy (cong) on hate crimes against indians in the us, swaraj said she would make a detailed statement on monday.
;;0.0;;however, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said that china was not opposing indias entry but was only talking about procedure involved.
;;0.0;;slamming the j-k government,swaraj said,this is an extraordinary situation.
;;-0.7964;;in her address at the foreign ministers meeting of ric (russia-india-china), external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the grouping must lead the world in fighting terrorism.
;;-0.6808;;the ric countries must lead the way in getting the international community together to counter terrorism through joint action, including at the un, swaraj said.
;;0.6369;;as three large, emerging economies, we share similar approaches and could benefit from coordinating our positions, swaraj said.
;;0.7269;;on brics, swaraj said it is an important framework to boost economic growth.
;;0.7902;;we hope to have a very successful brics summit in goa in october, swaraj said.
;;0.926;;swaraj said ric provided a good opportunity to our three influential countries to exchange views on how we could jointly contribute to international peace, security and development.
;;-0.8316;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file)the 39 indians, who were abducted by isis in iraqs mosul three years ago, were killed and their bodies have been recovered, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in parliament on tuesday.
;;0.4019;;minister of state for external affairs v k singh will be flying to iraq to bring back the bodies on a special flight, swaraj said.
;;-0.9333;;swaraj, in a statement in parliament in july last year, said that there was no evidence to state that they were killed by the islamic terrorists, adding that she would not commit the sin of declaring them dead.
;;-0.5687;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday said that pakistan has not refused to allow an nia team to visit that country to probe the pathankot airbase attack case and just sought more time even as it made it clear that talks and terror cannot go hand-in-hand.
;;0.8689;;addressing a press conference in the national capital, swaraj also said the warmth and ease in relationship between prime minister narendra modi and his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif can help resolve complex issues between the two neighbours.
;;-0.2023;;asserting that india wants to resolve all vexed issues with pakistan through talks, swaraj said the government was pursuing a three-point formula to deal with islamabad the focus of which is that talks cannot go on if pakistan does not take action to contain terror.
;;-0.5267;;third, terror and talks will not go hand-in-hand, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;swaraj said there have been complex issues between the two countries and it would not be practical to expect their resolution soon.
;;0.0;;swaraj said the indian high commissioner in islamabad had met the authorites on the issue twice and they said they are analysing (the evidence).
;;0.25;;co/dcgibpsagz  chowkidar sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 30, 2019meanwhile, replying to a twitter user on why she, the most sensible bjp leader, added the chowkidar prefix to her name on twitter, swaraj said, because i am doing chowkidari of indian interests and indian nationals abroad.
;;0.3412;;i dont abandon any indian national, whether stranded or captive, said swaraj.
;;-0.3252;;referring to the indian express series, swaraj said, i dont give false hopes.
;;-0.0258;;rejecting the testimony of harjeet masih, who has claimed that he was the only survivor from that group of missing indians, swaraj said, we have been informed that they are alive, except for harjeet masihs statement.
;;0.0;;said swaraj.
;;0.0;;following the incidents, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday had said that she was personally monitoring the situation.
;;0.3089;;b'on the controversy over indian high commissioner in uk navtej sarna attending an book launch event where mallya was also spotted in the audience, swaraj said the envoy was not at fault at all.
;;0.3089;;on the controversy over indian high commissioner in uk navtej sarna attending an book launch event where mallya was also spotted in the audience, swaraj said the envoy was not at fault at all.
;;0.0;;india has not yet approached the uk for extradition of liquor baron vijay mallya and former ipl boss lalit modi, wanted by indian investigators in multiple cases, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said sunday, as the ed is still to provide required documents to her ministry.
;;0.3919;;swaraj said that in the case of mallya the enforcement directorate(ed) had sent her ministry the extradition request but certain changes were suggested and the probe agency was yet to respond.
;;0.0;;when we get requests for extradition in both the cases, we will send them (to the uk), swaraj told a press conference.
;;0.3089;;on the controversy over indian high commissioner in uk navtej sarna attending an book launch event where mallya was also spotted in the audience, swaraj said the envoy was not at fault at all.
;;-0.7717;;(express photo by tashi tobgyal/file)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in lok sabha wednesday the response of the dean of heads of african missions to attacks on african students was unfortunate, painful and surprising.
;;0.0;;sushma said the dean was called by her ministry wednesday and the governments response was conveyed to him.
;;0.4404;;sushma told the house: you cant say our steps are inadequate we are committed to ensuring security of all foreigners in india.
;;0.0;;45 am today and i was informed that ration has been distributed among all the workers in five camps, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;we will bring all of them back to india, swaraj said.
;;0.25;;watch video: whats making newsthe government, swaraj said, was in touch with the foreign and labour offices in saudi arabia to ensure early evacuation of affected indians.
;;0.0;;swaraj said there were twin issues with the evacuation of workers.
;;-0.5267;;we have asked their labour office that all the workers will sign a contract before leaving that you will first settle the payments of the workers when you deal with the dues of the companies lying with you, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;responding to a tweet from a student who requested her to act fast as living for us in noida is becoming a life-threatening issue, swaraj said the central government is taking immediate action.
;;-0.1416;;swaraj said the 2g spectrum scam and alleged involvement of tamil nadu politicians in it would continue to be raised and the issue would not die as thought in some circles.
;;0.0258;;responding to a matter raised by congress leader ahmed patel during the zero hour, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said other members had earlier raised the issue and she had given a statement.
;;0.3612;;i am ready to clarify, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;(source: reuters)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on friday that indian missions in canada are working round the clock after a blast at an indian restaurant in ontario province.
;;0.0;;swaraj said she was in constant touch with indias consul general in toronto and the high commissioner in canada.
;;-0.6249;;the development came after swaraj told parliament on tuesday that the 39 indian construction workers kidnapped by the islamic state in 2015 were dead, with congress chastising the government over the delay in announcing the deaths and giving false hopes to the families of the deceased.
;;-0.25;;b'sushma swaraj said a large number of indians have lost their jobs in saudi arabia and kuwait, and that their employers have not paid wages and closed down factories.
;;-0.25;;(source: ap photo) sushmaswaraj swaraj said a large number of indians have lost their jobs in saudi arabia and kuwait, and that their employers have not paid wages and closed down factories.
;;-0.25;;swaraj said a large number of indians have lost their jobs in saudi arabia and kuwait, and that their employers have not paid wages and closed down factories.
;;0.0;;we have to emerge victorious in all the three corporations  north,south and east, said swaraj.
;;0.4939;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said publicly, with then us secretary of state rex tillerson by his side in october 2017, that embassies of some of us friendly countries should remain there so that some channels of communication remain open.
;;-0.8316;;swaraj had told parliament last week that the 39 indians, abducted by the isis in iraq in 2014, had been killed and their bodies recovered.
;;-0.5187;;as many as 40 indians were abducted by the isis terror group from mosul in iraq but one of them escaped posing as a muslim from bangladesh, swaraj had said in rajya sabha.
;;-0.3818;;swaraj said the mass grave had exactly 39 bodies, with distinctive features such as long hair, non-iraqi shoes and ids.
;;0.0;;swaraj said she would make a detailed statement on the issue on monday.
;;0.0;;read | come and collect your re 1 fee for kulbhushan jadhav case: sushmaswaraj swaraj told harish salve before cardiac arrestaround 12.
;;-0.8689;;read | kulbhushan jadhav death sentence: sushmaswaraj swaraj warns pakistan of consequences to bilateral tiesin a bid to mount pressure on pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday said carrying out the death sentence will affect the bilateral relations between the two countries.
;;-0.128;;b'externail affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by anil sharma/file) externail affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by anil sharma/file)terrorism is one of the foremost threats to international peace and security as it maims and kills our citizens, and undermines the ability to attain development goals, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;-0.3612;;swaraj said that terrorism is one of the foremost threats to international peace and security.
;;0.0;;nam countries must galvanise the international community towards this goal, swaraj said.
;;0.6249;;at this juncture, this would be a good way for nam to manifest its solidarity with the palestinian people, swaraj said.
;;0.8779;;finding energy sources that are cost effective, environmentally sustainable will be vital for achieving our sdgs, while ensuring that we protect mother earth for future generations, swaraj said.
;;0.34;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said last week that efforts were on to secure release of the priest.
;;0.0;;i have given instructions to our embassy in russia to send mortal remains of yasir at the earliest, sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj also said that she had contacted indias ambassador to russia, pankaj saran, in this connection.
;;0.8462;;speaking earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the isa is not only a testament to indias unwavering faith in multi-lateralism but also commitment on all of our parts to a better, sustainable and greener future.
;;0.0;;in a series of tweets posted late thursday night, swaraj said that she has received a report regarding the case from the indian embassy in san francisco.
;;-0.2732;;providing details, swaraj said the gunman asked the victim for money before shooting him.
;;0.4019;;in a written statement in the parliament, swaraj said, merits of indias candidature recognised by a majority of nsg members.
;;-0.0258;;in a veiled reference to china, swaraj said, while no member of nsg explicitly opposed indias membership, certain procedural and process related issues have been raised by a few.
;;-0.4588;;this child,sushma said,was abandoned on the aiims campus.
;;-0.1982;;she misses her mother but does not want to go home, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;one of them escaped by posing as a muslim from bangladesh, swaraj said in a statement in rajya sabha at 11 am, as soon as the house convened.
;;0.0;;swaraj said search operations led to a mound in badoosh where locals said some bodies were buried by the isis.
;;-0.9457;;read that story here: no sign of 39 indian workers in iraq, say kurdish officialsin july last year, swaraj had told parliament that there was no evidence to state that they were killed by the islamic terrorists, adding that she would not commit the sin of declaring them dead.
;;0.6597;;read what sushmaswaraj swaraj told parliamentif i mislead anyone, what advantage would i gain?
;;-0.8954;;because if a person is alive and we declare him dead, it is a sin and i will not commit this sin, swaraj had told the lok sabha.
;;-0.1779;;asked about bjps stand on the need for a jpc probe in the 2g spectrum scandal in the aftermath of former telecom minister a rajas arrest,swaraj said the party was firm on its demand for the same.
;;0.5267;;b'sushma swaraj, external affairs minister, said the government is making a wholehearted effort to gain membership to the nuclear suppliers group.
;;0.5267;;sushma swaraj, external affairs minister, said the government is making a wholehearted effort to gain membership to the nuclear suppliers group.
;;0.5267;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on july 20 said the government is making a wholehearted effort to gain membership to the nuclear suppliers group (nsg), adding it was still talking to china over the procedural hurdles posed by beijing for indias membership.
;;0.2448;;speaking in the lok sabha in new delhi, swaraj said the government does not want to hype up the nsg issue, adding that relentless efforts to convince china would go on.
;;0.2023;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 3, 2016i have asked the chief minister to ensure safety and security of all foreign students and stringent punishment for the guilty.
;;-0.7184;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 3, 2016reacting to the shameful incident, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj said that she has asked karnataka chief minister s siddaramaiah to take stringent action against the guilty.
;;-0.8271;;swaraj said that siddaramaiah had informed her that a criminal case has been registered and four accused arrested.
;;0.0;;bsushma swaraj said that her ministry will initiate programs aimed at sensitising locals about african students in areas where their numbers are high.
;;0.0;;(file photo) sushmaswaraj swaraj said that her ministry will initiate programs aimed at sensitising locals about african students in areas where their numbers are high.
;;0.802;;swaraj said india will continue to remain a country where the african community will always feel welcome, assuring them that an institutional mechanism would be put in place in soon to ensure that such incidents dont take place again.
;;-0.7717;;(express photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday told the rajya sabha that the 39 missing indians in iraq have been killed.
;;0.6652;;(source: express photo by anil sharma)fifty radicalised young men from india have crossed over to the other side  us taraf gaye hain  but the secular indian ethos, culture and family system have ensured the country remains by and large free from extremism, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told lok sabha today.
;;-0.9052;;the terrorist organisation had abducted a total of 40 indians from mosul but one of them escaped by posing as a muslim from bangladesh, swaraj said in parliament, adding the remaining 39 were taken to badoosh and killed.
;;0.5719;;read | what sushmaswaraj swaraj said in the parliamentfor the past three years, the government had maintained that the 39 indian in isis captivity in iraq were alive and well.
;;-0.8316;;on july 26 last year, swaraj told parliament why her ministry has refused to declare the victims dead.
;;0.8934;;india is committed to strengthening your democratic institutions and socio-economic development of your people, swaraj said during her meeting with suu kyi, whose national league for democracy party won a historic landslide election last year that finally brought an end to five decades of military rule.
;;0.0;;swaraj said this was the message of prime minister narendra modi and president pranab mukherjee.
;;-0.1779;;when we were trying to pass a resolution,bjp parliamentary party leader sushmaswaraj swaraj said there was no necessity to discuss it and there is no need to conduct an all-party meet.
;;0.2732;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who wrapped up the discussion, said she has been a supporter of the bill from the beginning.
;;0.0;;referring to this, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said: i have spoken to the mother of kulbhushan jadhav and told her about the order of president, icj under article 74 paragraph 4 of the rules of court.
;;0.4939;;i am confident that with chinese sides full cooperation, this year the yatra will be a fulfilling experience for the visiting indian pilgrims, swaraj said during a joint press statement with wang.
;;-0.7089;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who said she was deeply pained over the incident, asked the karnataka government to take stringent action against the guilty.
;;-0.8225;;all the 39 indians abducted by the isis in mosul in iraq three years ago are dead and their bodies have been recovered, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told the rajya sabha today.
;;0.6249;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during a joint media briefing with mongolian foreign minister d tsogtbaatar after the 6th session of the indian-mongolia joint committee on cooperation here said the two countries agreed to explore ways to identify new areas of cooperation in all sectors of mutual interest and to enhance bilateral trade and investments.
;;0.6486;;swaraj, the first indian foreign minister to visit the resource-rich country in 42 years, said india sees mongolia as a factor of stability in east asia and believes that mongolias social and economic development is important for peace and prosperity in the region.
;;0.0;;swaraj, who arrive at ulaanbaatar on tuesday on a two-day visit, said collaboration for the ongoing refinery project is in recognition of this fact.
;;0.7506;;swaraj said in the six decades of the partnership between the two countries, the bilateral relations have grown from strength to strength.
;;0.7003;;we signed the agreement because of our commitment to protecting the environment, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said at a press conference.
;;0.4939;;i heaved a sigh of relief as soon as she crossed the wagah border, swaraj said.
;;0.6705;;on purchase of oil from iran, swaraj said that a decision will be taken after the elections keeping in mind our commercial considerations, energy security and economic interests, the source said.
;;-0.7783;;(renuka puri)the bodies of 39 indians killed in iraq may be brought back in a week, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told families of the victims when they met her monday in delhi.
;;-0.8481;;gurpinder kaur, whose brother manjinder is among the dead, told the indian express, sushmaswaraj swaraj told us that mos v k singh visited iraq soon after the war ended last year.
;;-0.2846;;as many as 40 indians were abducted by the is from mosul in iraq, but one of them escaped posing as a muslim from bangladesh, swaraj had said in rajya sabha.
;;-0.0258;;my son suffering pneumonia coma from 10days, pls help me provide visa urgently to visit my son in zaprozhye hospital,ukraine, tweeted the man to which swaraj said her office will contact him.
;;-0.4588;;both incidents are unfortunate, sushmaswaraj said.
;;-0.0258;;ministers of state m j akbar and v k singh too have spoken to the chief minister, sushmaswaraj said, assuring the house that the state administration was taking steps to maintain law and order and that the injured nigerian students are being given medical treatment.
;;0.0;;sushma said she came to the house to reply to these concerns when she saw on television that sharad yadav was raising the issue in rajya sabha.
;;-0.5106;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file)the government is working on an emigration management bill to curb frauds by travel agents, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;0.25;;in a written response to a question in the rajya sabha, swaraj said her ministry is working towards evolving a comprehensive emigration management framework.
;;0.5994;;(source: sushmaswaraj swaraj twitter)the un security council is increasingly unable or sometimes unwilling to respond to the current security challenges with tragic consequences, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today as she pushed for the reform of the world bodys powerful organ.
;;0.4019;;an overwhelming majority of members have expressed their desire to see these negotiations continue on the basis of a text, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;b'swaraj said sunday that an indian foreign ministry official recently visited beijing and held discussions on the membership issue.
;;0.0;;swaraj said sunday that an indian foreign ministry official recently visited beijing and held discussions on the membership issue.
;;0.1511;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday said that china is not blocking indias entry to the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) but is talking about the criteria and procedures.
;;0.7906;;it is only talking about criteria and procedures i am hopeful that we would be able to convince china to support our entry to the nsg, swaraj said.
;;-0.8555;;an indian medical student, who was in a coma at a trauma centre after being attacked by local goons in russian city of kazan, has died, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said wednesday.
;;-0.5859;;meanwhile, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said that jadhav is the victim of a plan that seeks to cast aspersions on new delhi to deflect international attention from islamabads well-known record of sponsoring and supporting terrorism.
;;0.1343;;asserting that indias position on this matter is clear, swaraj said there is no evidence of wrongdoing by jadhav.
;;0.0323;;i would caution the pakistan government to consider the consequences for our bilateral relationship if they proceed on this matter, said swaraj.
;;-0.6705;;last july, when mosul was liberated by iraqi forces, swaraj had said that the missing men may likely be holed up in a church or held in a prison.
;;0.5574;;in rajya sabha, while responding to leader of opposition ghulam nabi azads query on whether jadhav will be provided a lawyer in the pakistan supreme court, swaraj said: yeh toh aapne bahut chhoti baat kahi hai.
;;-0.5423;;swaraj said the exact circumstances under which jadhav reached pakistan are unclear and can only be ascertained if india has consular access to him, which has been denied by the pakistani authorities.
;;0.4201;;on womens bill, external affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said she had been its votary and even today she fully supports the pending legislation.
;;-0.0777;;we need to take a pledge today on the occasion of the international womens day, we will not tolerate any injustice and pain to women, swaraj said and called for a mass-movement to change the mindset of people towards women.
;;-0.2755;;reacting to the commotion inside the house, swaraj said she cant make a statement like this.
;;-0.2987;;giving details from the incident, swaraj said, our govt does not believe in missing, believed to be killed.
;;-0.3818;;swaraj holds a press conference, says didnt keep anyone in the darkaccusing the congress of indulging in cheap politics, swaraj said she did not keep anyone in the dark over the killing of 39 indians in captivity in iraq or give the families false hopes.
;;-0.2987;;giving details, swaraj said, our govt does not believe in missing, believed to be killed.
;;-0.3182;;asked whether the government would consider compensation to the families of the victims, swaraj said she would talk to the concerned state governments.
;;0.6597;;responding to another request for help, swaraj asked the indian high commissioner in south africa to help the family of an indian citizen, who had passed away while on a tour of that country.
;;0.7003;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has now said that the government will secure justice for jadhav.
;;-0.4588;;earlier today, speaking in the rajya sabha, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said it would severely impact the bilateral relations between the two countries in case pakistan executes jadhav.
;;0.1761;;our position is very clear, there is no evidence of wrongdoing by kulbhushan jadhav, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;i have asked the indian embassy in the us to send me a report on the incident, swaraj said in a tweet.
;;-0.1531;;swaraj, the external affairs minister, had said monday that while agrawal was welcomed in the bjp, his comments were improper and unacceptable.
;;0.0;;in parliament, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said an investigation was underway and it would be inappropriate to comment before a report is submitted.
;;0.4215;;it is our constant endeavour to make the yatra a smooth experience and to provide more and more people with the opportunity, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said in may that indian government would make all efforts to persuade the trump administration against this move.
;;0.4404;;swaraj had further said that trump was evaluating the h-4 visa programme and gave hope for a possible revocation.
;;-0.5859;;at a joint press conference with kerry after the 2nd indo-us strategic and commercial dialogue (s&cd), swaraj said, we reaffirmed the urgent necessity for pakistan to dismantle safe havens for terrorists and criminal networks including lashkar-e-taiba, jaish-e-mohammad and d company.
;;0.5106;;as they arrived here, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the government was also doing its best to secure the release of two indians abducted in nigeria recently.
;;0.5106;;in a series of tweets earlier in the day, swaraj said that the government was doing its best to secure the release of the two indian nationals abducted in nigeria.
;;-0.6908;;(file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday said the attack on the four african men in greater noida last month should not be linked with racism before investigating the case.
;;-0.4404;;i said this in context of attacks in us too, swaraj said while speaking on the issue in lok sabha.
;;0.0258;;addressing the concerns raised over the safety of foreigners in india, swaraj said, you cant say our steps are inadequate.
;;-0.8625;;in a written reply to lok sabha, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the talks envisaged between indo-pak foreign secretaries to decide the modalities of the composite bilateral dialogue, agreed during her visit to islamabad in december 2015, could not take place due to the terrorist attack on pathankot airbase in january 2016 and other attacks last year emanating from pakistan.
;;-0.0772;;the government was also able to effectively neutralise pakistans efforts to internationalise kashmir issue, and conveyed to indias interlocutors that normalisation of india-pakistan relations through a peaceful bilateral dialogue can take place only in a conducive environment free from violence and terrorism, swaraj said.
;;0.6908;;swaraj, who had earlier assured help by the indian consulate in finding the family, on tuesday in a tweet said, my heartfelt condolences on the tragic deaths of sandeep thotapilly, soumya and their two children.
;;0.4939;;with this, you have honoured india and the people of india, swaraj said.
;;-0.6705;;senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj,who also met advani,said the question of advanis resignation does not arise once it has been rejected by the partys highest decision-making body.
;;-0.6705;;the question of resignation does not arise once we have rejected it, swaraj,the leader of the opposition in the lok sabha,who is considered close to advani,told reporters here.
;;0.0;;asked whether the bjp veteran would withdraw his resignation,swaraj said,where is the question of taking it back.
;;0.6808;;i am confident that if not this time, then next time, india would become a permanent member of the security council, sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;0.6808;;(representational image) i am confident that if not this time, then next time, india would become a permanent member of the security council, sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;0.6908;;(representational image)expressing confidence that india would become a permanent member of the un security council, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday said the country expected that the new members would have the same rights, including the veto power, as the existing permanent members.
;;0.6249;;during the question hour in rajya sabha, swaraj said india has all the credentials to become a permanent member of the security council and four permanent members, us, uk, france and russia have extended support.
;;0.2732;;to a question whether india would also get the veto power, swaraj said the country wants the same esponsibilities, prerogatives as well as obligations as the current permanent members.
;;0.0;;in her reply tabled in the house, swaraj said on the issue of extending veto powers to new permanent members in their submission during the inter-governmental negotiation process of the 69th general assembly, usa and uk opposed extension of veto to new members.
;;0.0258;;earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that she has taken up the matter with islamabad.
;;-0.7783;;(file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday said that india is constantly monitoring the situation in qatar which is facing crisis after isolation by four gulf countries.
;;0.0;;swaraj had earlier said that indias only concern is about indians there.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, pakistan does not acknowledge the presence of any indian pow in its custody.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, pakistan does not acknowledge the presence of any indian pow in its custody.
;;0.0258;;in a written reply to a question in the rajya sabha yesterday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the government has repeatedly taken up the matter with the pakistan government through diplomatic channels and during high-level contacts for the release of indian pows believed to be in pakistan.
;;0.4019;;earlier, after her intervention was sought, swaraj said, i have asked our embassy in washington to speak to capt tushar mahajans brother just now and provide him all help.
;;0.2023;;in new delhi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the matter can be resolved through talks.
;;0.6369;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said friday that the country saw an unprecedented development under prime minister narendra modis government and its respect has increased globally.
;;-0.7351;;swaraj said the demand for declaring masood azhar as a global terrorist was going on since 2009.
;;0.4019;;read | sushmaswaraj swaraj asks akhilesh yadav to help this russian bahu in agraefimenkova, who got married to one vikrant singh chandel of agra in 2011, lived with their three-year-old daughter dasaha in goa where vikrant ran a restaurant.
;;0.0772;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the central government was taking immediate action and that she had spoken to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath who had assured her of a fair and impartial investigation into this unfortunate incident.
;;-0.1779;;(ap photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has asked the uttarakhand government to trace a missing dutch woman after her family sought her help, four days after she went missing from rishikesh.
;;0.0;;we have asked uttarakhand government to trace her, swaraj said in a tweet.
;;0.0;;on friday, swaraj in a tweet had said that gurbaksh kaur is returning to india and her daughter will be brought back soon.
;;0.3919;;earlier on sunday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said that the dragon was not opposing indias entry into nsg but was only talking about certain creteria and procedure involved.
;;0.4215;;watch video: whats making newshis remarks comes a day after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that india has not yet approached the united kingdom for extradition of liquor baron vijay mallya and former ipl boss lalit modi, wanted by indian investigators in multiple cases.
;;0.3919;;swaraj on sunday said that in the case of mallya, the enforcement directorate (ed) had sent her ministry the extradition request but certain changes were suggested and the probe agency was yet to respond.
;;-0.6705;;addressing a press conference with kerry who is here for the second strategic and commercial dialogue between india and the united states, swaraj said: i briefed secretary kerry on the continuing problem of cross-border terrorism that india and the larger region faces from pakistan.
;;-0.802;;in new delhi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, i am pained to hear about the killing of harnish patel, a us national of indian-origin in lancaster, south carolina.
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said any major decisions, such as importing oil from iran in defiance of the us sanctions, would be taken by the next government.
;;0.0;;our deliberations here will contribute towards enriching intra brics cooperation further, swaraj said.
;;0.5106;;our meeting today takes place at a time when multilateralism, international trade, and rules based world order face strong head-winds, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi had given a call for a brics counter-terrorism strategy for joint-action with a focus on money laundering, terrorist-finance, cyber-space and de-radicalization as our priorities, swaraj said.
;;0.6597;;swaraj said that india welcomes south africas summit theme devoted to development in africa in an inclusive manner.
;;-0.8402;;april 14, 2015  yemen crisis  external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced on twitter that the indian embassy in yemen was being evacuated in light of the war there.
;;-0.7089;;what can be more unfortunate that those who burn the national flag are being provided security while those holding the national flag are being stopped, said swaraj as she was being arrested along with jaitley,kumar and thakur on entry into jammu and kashmir from punjab.
;;0.8402;;we have been marching peacefully, swaraj said while addressing thousands of party supporters carrying the national flag.
;;0.34;;swaraj said they were determined to hoist the national flag at lal chowk in srinagar tomorrow.
;;0.0;;we are firm we will hoist tricolour tomorrow at lal chowk, swaraj said.
;;-0.9217;;she (swaraj) should say to the families that she kept them in the dark and that she had no information, senior congress leader ambika soni said, mounting the charge on the government after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told parliament that all the 39 indians abducted by terror outfit isis in mosul in 2014 were dead and their bodies had been recovered.
;;0.3182;;i would urge you to find a just and non-discriminatory solution to these issues, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said at the plenary session of the second strategic and commercial dialogue (s&cd) new delhi.
;;0.0;;swaraj said in view of the rapidly evolving regional and global situation, india looks forward to resuming the meeting of the trilateral with afghanistan; consultations on africa and on multilateral issues within this year.
;;0.6808;;asserting that india attaches high importance to the dialogue, swaraj said it develops greater synergy and coherence in the engagements across the spectrum.
;;0.1531;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at that time had said that india was exploring all legal options to prevent his execution.
;;0.1027;;addressing a press conference on the occasion of the fourth anniversary of the nda government in new delhi, swaraj yesterday said modi is the first prime minister of the country who has from americas madison square to janakpur (in nepal) addressed lakhs of indians and reached out to them.
;;0.0;;in a tweet, swaraj said, i have just spoken to the indian ambassador in poland and asked for a report.
;;-0.6808;;the ric countries must lead the way in getting the international community together to counter terrorism through joint action, including at the un, swaraj said.
;;0.8625;;during her meeting with the chinese minister, swaraj said the relations have seen significant improvement in the last one year and favoured frequent meetings between the two sides to step up engagement.
;;0.7096;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today asked indian and chinese to learn each others language as it will help them overcome communication barriers, resulting in further strengthening the relationship between the two nations.
;;0.0;;i should be able to understand chinese when you speak, and you should be able to understand hindi when i talk, swaraj said.
;;0.2584;;so that when indians visit china they dont face difficulty, and when chinese visit india, you dont require an interpreter, swaraj said.
;;0.886;;swaraj said during her meeting with chinese foreign minister wang yi yesterday, she had told him that people are the biggest strength for any foreign minister and when people of two countries love each other, it only strengthens the governments.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told nepali lawmakers in kathmandu a fortnight ago that in a democracy everyone must participate in elections.
;;0.4215;;it will be a reflection of emotional attachment to the country, swaraj said in a video message posted on meas twitter handle.
;;0.2732;;swaraj said the first thing which he committed was that he concealed this information from the selection committee.
;;0.7227;;but chidambaram confirmed that the matter was discussed in the committee after which swaraj said she would not not go ahead with her plans to file an affidavit in the supreme court to convey to it that the issue of case pending against thomas was discussed by the committee.
;;0.0;;in her response, swaraj said the indian government had opposed pakistans move the very day it got to know about it.
;;-0.5187;;earlier this month, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had told parliament that as many as 40 indians were abducted by terror group isis from mosul in iraq in june 2014, but one of them, harjit masih, had escaped by posing as a bangladeshi muslim.
;;-0.7906;;capping a series of conflicting statements from the government on the fate of these men, swaraj said the identities of 38 of those dead have been confirmed while one case was still under process.
;;-0.3818;;swaraj said that remains of the 39 were dug out of a mass grave in badosh, a village northwest of mosul.
;;0.722;;making a suo motu statement in the upper house, swaraj said, i had said that i will not declare anyone dead without substantive proof today i have come to fulfil that commitment.
;;-0.8834;;read | indians killed in iraq: victims families call it governments biggest failuredescribing the sequence of events leading to the discovery of the remains, swaraj said that gen v k singh, who had travelled to iraq last year after the iss ouster from mosul, had come across a mound in badosh, which was suspected to be a mass grave.
;;-0.5413;;thanking the baghdad-based martyrs foundation for its help in establishing the identities of the indians on priority, swaraj said, it has been the most difficult and complex task to get the proof such a barbaric terror organisation.
;;-0.8176;;watch video | diplomats open channels following several attacks on indian-origin people in usread: us shooting: sushmaswaraj swaraj says sikh man out of danger, recovering in hospitalrai, who was wearing a turban at the time, described the shooter as a six-foot-tall white man, wearing a mask covering the lower half of his face.
;;0.5106;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also said that the workers would be brought back free of charge.
;;0.5106;;(express file photo by prem nath pandey) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also said that the workers would be brought back free of charge.
;;0.0;;when saudi government settles with the companies which have closed down, your dues will also be paid, swaraj said in a series of tweets.
;;0.4939;;we are making last minute efforts to save him from execution on july 28, swaraj said in a series of tweets.
;;0.128;;while swaraj said the government will leave no stone unturned to save jadhav, finance minister arun jaitley said the verdict endorsed the relevance and necessity of procedural and substantive fairness that was denied by pakistan.
;;0.802;;read | kulbhushan jadhavs execution stayed by icj: full text of verdictin her tweets, swaraj said: the icj order has come as a great relief to the family of kulbhushan jadhav and people of india.
;;0.0258;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on sunday that india evacuated its entire contingent of peacekeeping forces, comprising 15 central reserve police force (crpf) personnel, from tripoli after the situation there suddenly worsened.
;;-0.8402;;providing a timeline of the events, sushmaswaraj said, as many as 40 indians along with some bangladeshis were abducted by the terrorist organisation isis three years ago.
;;0.5487;;swaraj said, the last discussion on the matter was held on july 27, 2017 when i had said that i will not declare them dead till i get any concrete proof.
;;0.0;;'relating further, sushmaswaraj said: they said we are indians and bangladeshis.
;;0.0;;sushma said, harjit knows what he did that night.
;;-0.0258;;swaraj said the mass grave had exactly 39 bodies, with distinctive features like long hair, non-iraqi shoes and ids.
;;-0.6249;;b'sushma swaraj said, i have no confirmation or proof on indians being killed in iraq, infact we have been informed that they are alive.
;;-0.6249;;sushma swaraj said, i have no confirmation or proof on indians being killed in iraq, infact we have been informed that they are alive.
;;0.3252;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday said that china is not protesting membership of india in nsg.
;;0.6597;;stating that china is talking only about the criteria and procedures to be adopted for membership of the elite 48-nation atomic trading bloc, swaraj said india was hopeful that it will be able to convince china to give its backing.
;;0.2023;;pti photo sushmaswaraj swaraj said since the modi government took charge in may 2014, there had been a substantial fdi inflow.
;;0.0;;responding to the reports, swaraj said, i have asked for a report from indian high commissioner in malaysia.
;;0.743;;opposition party leader sushmaswaraj swaraj has already said she would file an affidavit (in the supreme court),he said.
;;0.2263;;sushma swaraj,who was a member of the committee headed by singh and had opposed thomas selection in writing,had said she would file an affidavit in the apex court to set the record straight.
;;0.5423;;the government of india is making every efforts and taking all steps to secure their release as well, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told lok sabha wednesday, in response to a written question.
;;0.7717;;in a written reply in rajya sabha, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said indias approach towards its neighbourhood is focused on greater connectivity, stronger cooperation and broader contacts.
;;0.6883;;the government continues to meet this challenge with renewed resolve and determination, swaraj said.
;;-0.6124;;new delhi hasnt even allowed itself to be daunted by a public snub delivered by china after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced that the superpower had no in-principle objections to the countrys membership of the nsg.
;;-0.6249;;these are the same jails where you (british) had kept mahatma gandhi, jawaharlal nehru and other top indian leaders, swaraj said while responding to a question on efforts being made for the extradition of mallya, who is wanted in india on charges of fraud and money laundering allegedly amounting to around rs 9,000 crore.
;;0.6249;;he also told her that when our fugitives come here (britain), it takes time to send them back, swaraj said, while asserting that a uk courts decision to uphold karnatakas debt recovery tribunal order on freezing worldwide assets of the king of good times was an encouraging move and banks could go ahead and make their recoveries.
;;0.5719;;among the cases going on against him in the courts, one case by sbi-led consortium that had 12 indian banks has been won, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;after alis case was published in this newspaper, swaraj announced she was waiving the condition as he was a resident of pok, territory that belonged to india.
;;-0.6486;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced in parliament on tuesday that all 39 men were dead.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)there are 24,084 indians currently residing in six war-torn countries including in iraq, syria and afghanistan, the government said on wednesday.
;;-0.7579;;in yet another query on complaints about nri marital disputes, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the ministry has received 2,485 such complaints in 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017 (till date).
;;0.0;;swaraj said there was ample scope to do more in the field of counter-terrorism between the two countries.
;;0.0;;swaraj said the bjp today submitted 12 points of concern.
;;0.0;;if the land is not utilised for the purpose for which it was leased,it could be returned to the farmer, swaraj said.
;;0.5106;;in reply to a poser,swaraj said she was hopeful that the bill will be passed soon.
;;-0.6124;;informing about the well-being of the indian national who was stabbed in kuwait, the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday said the victim has undergone surgery.
;;0.0;;during her annual press conference last week, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said modi would raise the issue with trump.
;;0.0;;inderjeet singh chauhan (agra) is recuperating in hospital, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in a tweet.
;;0.0;;inderjeet singh chauhan (agra) is recuperating in hospital, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in a tweet.
;;0.0;;inderjeet singh chauhan (agra) is recuperating in hospital, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in a tweet.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, sushmaswaraj said the indian embassy is in touch with authorities and monitoring the case.
;;-0.5267;;read moreus shooting: sushmaswaraj swaraj says sikh man out of danger, recovering in hospitalan unidentified man shot a sikh man outside his house on sunday in the us.
;;-0.6597;;stressing that this is an internal issue of the gcc countries, swaraj said the only worry is about indian nationals who may be caught in between the rival countries, as they have put travel bans on qatar.
;;0.6249;;the dignity of the office of cvc has been restored, sushmaswaraj swaraj,leader of the opposition in the lok sabha,said shortly after the apex courts decision.
;;0.5859;;swaraj, in a series of tweets on tuesday, said that yogi adityanath has assured her of a fair and impartial trial and that an immediate action will be taken.
;;-0.5859;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday asked the indian high commissioner in nigeria to take the abduction of five indian sailors by pirates in the african nation two weeks ago, at the highest level.
;;-0.09;;lot of hype was created about the press conference as if some big bomb is being exploded he (kejriwal) tried his best to dig out some scam but could not find anything, said swaraj,leader of opposition in the lok sabha.
;;-0.0258;;dubbing kejriwals press conference as just like an election rally,swaraj said,we will fight politically.
;;0.0;;rubbishing the allegations against the bjp chief,swaraj said the land which has been given to gadkari was a wasteland and he used it to grow sugarcane saplings which was then provided to farmers at a subsidised rate.
;;-0.296;;no meeting is scheduled either from their side or from our side, swaraj told a press conference on completion of three years of the government.
;;-0.5267;;swaraj told parliament that there was a threat to his life as he had escaped from is.
;;0.4019;;an ndtv report had said on tuesday that swaraj had asked tharoor to help with drafting the resolution on jadhav in the parliament.
;;0.128;;sushma swaraj said though india has not signed the npt, it is following the commitments made when it got the waiver in 2008.
;;0.128;;sushma swaraj said though india has not signed the npt, it is following the commitments made when it got the waiver in 2008.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also said india will not sign the nuclear non-proliferation treaty, adding that new delhi had managed to get waiver in 2008 without signing the treaty.
;;-0.5873;;that does not mean it it will never agree (to the gst bill), swaraj said amidst opposition protests over attacks against dalits in gujarat, including sloganeering from the well.
;;0.3818;;responding to a question on the benefits of getting nsg membership, swaraj said india will then become part of rule making from its current position of being a rule taker.
;;0.3612;;membership is like being in the roombeing part of rule making, swaraj said.
;;-0.9674;;(source: pti)exuding confidence that the comprehensive convention on international terrorism (ccit) would be approved very soon, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday said one must not distinguish between good terrorists and bad terrorists, adding india has put forth its concerns to china which had blocked a ban on jaish-e-muhammad chief masood azhar in the un, preventing him from being put on the un terror list.
;;-0.872;;responding to a poser from ani, swaraj said this act of beijing acts as a hindrance in the global fight against terrorism.
;;0.0;;and i had put forth this point in front of china publically and also during the russia india china (ric) meeting, swaraj said during a press conference.
;;0.4767;;swaraj further said the gulf nations like dubai, saudi arabia and qatar, which earlier had different views with regard to the definition on terrorism, have agreed to our ideology which in itself is a great achievement for us.
;;0.0;;swaraj said she would take up the issue with the home ministry, which was in the process of gradually pruning the list.
;;0.7845;;swaraj said her ministry was apprised of the issue and she had been personally pursuing the matter to ensure that sikhs and punjabis settled abroad are provided security by the respective governments of those countries.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj said, i have talked to families of srinivas kuchibhotla and deep rai, and have also raised these issues with highest authorities in us.
;;-0.34;;(file photo)reacting to the recent kansas shooting incident in which an indian engineer srinivas kuchibhotla was killed and the attacks on indian people in foreign countries, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told lok sabha that safety and security of indians is the governments top most priority.
;;0.0;;swaraj said, i have talked to families of srinivas kuchibhotla and deep rai, and have also raised these issues with highest authorities in us.
;;-0.1027;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told a church delegation saturday that christian priest father tom uzhunnalil, who was reportedly abducted by the islamic state in yemen, is safe.
;;-0.3182;;the press note issued by monsignor joseph chinnayyan, deputy secretary general, cbci said swaraj shared with the delegation the strenuous effort taken by the external affairs ministry, and personally by her, to procure a safe passage for sister rema, the only surviving nun from the terrorist attack in yemen.
;;-0.1531;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by prem nath pandey) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by prem nath pandey)foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced today on twitter that the indian embassy in libya has secured the release of regi joseph, a techie who was abducted in the strife-torn country earlier this year.
;;-0.1285;;last month, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that every attack on indian nationals in the united states should not be considered a hate crime after concerns were raised regarding the rising number of such incidents.
;;-0.4404;;swaraj said that she has been in touch with the investigative agencies in us and they are probing all the angles into recent attacks.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said the government would make all efforts to persuade the trump administration against such a move.
;;0.0;;(express photo by prem nath pandey) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said the government would make all efforts to persuade the trump administration against such a move.
;;0.1027;;(express photo by prem nath pandey)amid the us plan to scrap a rule allowing spouses of h-1b visa holders to work legally in the country, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said the government would make all efforts to persuade the trump administration against such a move.
;;0.4215;;addressing her annual press conference here, swaraj, when asked about the us plan, said it was true that president donald trump was reviewing the h-4 visa programme and there were reports of its possible revocation.
;;0.0;;we are talking to the white house, we are talking to state administration, and we are also talking to congressmen and senators, swaraj said.
;;-0.7269;;read | remains of indians killed in mosul kept in baghdad freezerearlier this month, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had told parliament that as many as 40 indians were abducted by terror group is from mosul in iraq in june 2014, but one of them, harjit masih, escaped by posing as a bangladeshi muslim.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said they would try to understand their experience during their stay here, quality of life abroad and reasons behind their decision to move outside india.
;;0.0;;(file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said they would try to understand their experience during their stay here, quality of life abroad and reasons behind their decision to move outside india.
;;0.7906;;(file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday announced that the pravasi bharatiya divas will now be celebrated every alternate year and a series of sessions will be held before the event to increase the understanding and bring in an alignment in the interests of the indians living within and outside the country, according to ani.
;;-0.4215;;swaraj said this during a panel discussion on indian community organisations working for indian nationals in distressed situation.
;;0.0;;thus, the day he returned to the country is regarded as the pravasi bhartiya diwas which is january 9, swaraj said.
;;-0.7783;;expressing her heartfelt condolences to the bereaved family, sushmaswaraj said she was pained to hear about the killing and the indian consul general has met his family members.
;;0.9127;;read | always said they were killed, says lone survivor harjit masih* august 4, 2014: swaraj told parliament: not one source, but many sources have told me, and i can say responsibly that they are alive and are doing well i have shared the papers with harsimrat kaur badal (minister for food processing industries), since i have taken the oath of secrecy, that they are alive and well.
;;0.7906;;* august 6, 2014: swaraj told the rajya sabha: as far as the 41 people are concerned, i would like to say here with responsibility that they are alive and safe.
;;0.0;;* february 22, 2015: after meeting the family members swaraj said, here are some family members from punjab whose relatives are in captivity in iraq.
;;0.4215;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has announced the release of five indians from kerala who were jailed in togo, and appreciated the indian mission in accra and consulate in togo for their support.
;;0.0;;we will suitably react at jammu,swaraj said adding they will hold a press conference at jammu.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, in a strongly-worded demarche on thursday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the move will further deteriorate bilateral ties between the two nations.
;;0.5719;;i have come here with a delegation from different parts of india, with those of different faiths to pay respects to life of mother teresa, swaraj said at the reception.
;;0.1901;;b'related news 20 indian sailors rescued from nigerian pirate attack: shipping minat least 10 indian sailors have been rescued from pirates in ivory coast, a week after their ship was hijacked off the coast of the west african nation, but one more indian and a pakistani crew member remain captive, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on sunday.
;;0.0772;;speaking on the possibility of meeting between modi and pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif at the summit, baglay said, like external affairs minister (eam) sushmaswaraj swaraj said, there is no meet scheduled as of now between pm modi and pm sharif.
;;0.2263;;meanwhile, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday, in a reply to trumps comment said that india signed the agreement with an objective to safeguard the environment and not because of any external pressure or greed.
;;0.5975;;sushma swaraj while speaking to media on three years of modi government had said, our signature in the pact was not because of greed, it was not because of fear.
;;0.2732;;swaraj said the first thing which he committed was that he concealed this information from the selection committee.
;;0.7227;;but chidambaram confirmed that the matter was discussed in the committee after which swaraj said she would not not go ahead with her plans to file an affidavit in the supreme court to convey to it that the issue of case pending against thomas was discussed by the committee.
;;0.5267;;asked about remarks of a pakistan law officer that islamabad will take the kashmir issue to the international court of justice after india approached the hague in the kulbhushan jadhav case, swaraj said: pakistan cannot take kashmir issue to icj.
;;-0.5267;;reacting to the incident, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, i am sorry to know about the attack on deep rai, a us national of indian-origin.
;;0.0;;which is why we are saying india and pakistan are two different cases, swaraj said.
;;-0.7003;;(express photo by tashi tobgyal)as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced that the 39 indian men, missing in iraq since 2014, were dead, a 56-year-old resident of kharar recalled his narrow escape from the country the same year.
;;0.0;;watch video: whats making newsearlier on sunday, union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said that india was taking initiatives to conclude the deal.
;;0.0772;;while swaraj had said no talks could be held with the bengal government for the past few months, as the state was busy with elections, officials said the centre was keen on resuming talks with the state on the issue.
;;-0.4363;;swaraj on sunday said pakistan has not refused to allow an nia team to visit that country to probe the pathankot airbase attack case and just sought more time.
;;-0.296;;xternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday asked indian nationals in turkey to avoid public places and stay indoors.
;;-0.296;;xternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday asked indian nationals in turkey to avoid public places and stay indoors.
;;-0.296;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday asked indian nationals in turkey to avoid public places and stay indoors.
;;0.5859;;swaraj apparently has asked deuba to prepare a wish list as well as suggest one mega project to be gifted by india.
;;-0.9382;;in march, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had told the rajya sabha that the 39 indians abducted in iraq in 2014 were killed by islamic state terrorists and buried in a mass grave in badush.
;;-0.6486;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajfollowing the killing of a tamil fisherman, allegedly by soldiers of the sri lankan navy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told parliament thursday the matter has been taken up at the highest level in the sri lanka government.
;;0.0;;he emphasised that he has ordered a full investigation, sushmaswaraj said.
;;0.0;;pak fishermenin rajya sabha, sushmaswaraj said 301 indian fishermen are currently lodged in jails in pakistan, which has confirmed the presence of only 77.
;;0.34;;making a statement after concerns raised by members including madhusudan mistry (congress) over frequent incidents of gujarat fishermen being caught by pakistani authorities, sushmaswaraj said that due to the persistent efforts, the government has been able to secure the release and repatriation of 1,261 fishermen since 2014.
;;-0.4019;;raising the issue in the rajya sabha on wednesday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said if pakistan goes ahead with the sentence then it would severely impact bilateral relations between the two countries.
;;0.1761;;our position is very clear, there is no evidence of wrongdoing by kulbhushan jadhav, swaraj had said.
;;0.6249;;swaraj said when officers were slogging hard, it was the duty of the ministry to ensure better working environment for them.
;;-0.4019;;the government is finding a scapegoat in the dopt,despite the fact that sushmaswaraj swaraj told them why she was objecting to thomas name on a list of three.
;;0.3818;;(photo-ani)the 39 indians taken hostage by isis more than one-and-a-half-years ago from mosul in iraq were alive, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told their families in delhi on sunday, based on her recent meetings with arab and palestinian leaders who indicated to this effect.
;;0.3818;;b'indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced that the 39 indians kidnapped by isis in iraq are still alive.
;;-0.7579;;(ap photo/seth wenig)the 39 indians, kidnapped by the dreaded isis in iraq in june 2014, are still alive, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, dismissing reports about their killing and insisting that efforts to trace them are on.
;;0.6705;;in her annual press conference, swaraj said the government was was trying its best to ensure safe release of judith dsouza, an aid worker and resident of kolkata, who was abducted by suspected militants in kabul on june 9.
;;0.6369;;about 40-year-old judith, swaraj said we are trying our best.
;;-0.6597;;replying to a question on the 39 indians kidnapped around two years back by isis militants from mosul town, swaraj said she did not have any proof of their killing than the statement of harjit masih.
;;0.4847;;it is my the responsibility to (find them) and i will not shy away from it, swaraj said, adding i do not abandon any indian national.
;;-0.8908;;when asked about the death threat to a priest of the ramakrishna mission in dhaka, swaraj said, it is very unfortunate.
;;-0.875;;replying to a question on a spate of targeted attacks and killings of hindus and other non-muslims in bangladesh, swaraj said the sheikh hasina government is leaving no stone unturned in coming down hard on people who are involved in these incidents.
;;0.1027;;swaraj said the government was drafting a policy to help persecuted minorities in various countries.
;;0.6486;;i want to say that the way india and chinas relations are strengthening, trade is increasing, we are working together on international forums, it has become increasingly important that you learn hindi and we learn chinese, swaraj said.
;;0.4019;;meanwhile, swaraj has also asked congress member of parliament shashi tharoor to help with drafting a resolution that will be adopted by both houses.
;;0.4019;;swaraj, who last week helped a bhopal family to get an admission for their infant baby in aiims, asked the man to approach his constituencys mp for help.
;;0.5106;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said government was doing everything to rescue her.
;;0.0;;co/wsydlymibe  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) june 10, 2016reponding to a tweet by one of the family members of judith, swaraj said, she is your sister and indias daughter.
;;0.4019;;i am asking @indianembassyus to provide all help and assistance, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said islamabad had sought more time for the joint investigating team to take stock of its probe.
;;0.0;;swaraj said there were complex issues between the two countries and it would not be practical to expect a resolution soon.
;;0.3182;;it is a huge difference, swaraj said.
;;-0.9136;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday told parliament in new delhi that the 39 indians abducted in 2014 by the islamic state (isis) terrorists in mosul city were dead and their bodies had been recovered.
;;-0.6486;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajindia is making all efforts to secure the release of a priest from kerala who was abducted by a terror group in yemen last month, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on saturday.
;;0.34;;we are making all efforts to secure his release, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;(file)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday said india is taking up the issue of fishermen with the sri lankan government through diplomatic channels.
;;0.4767;;swaraj had told the family members that an iraqi official quoting intelligence sources had told singh that the kidnapped indians were deployed at a hospital construction site and then shifted to a farm before they were put in a jail in badush.
;;-0.1779;;vikram jaryal, 26, was working at the gas station of a family friend when two armed miscreants entered the shop at 1:30 am in the night, snatched cash from him and one of them shot him on his chest resulting in his death, swaraj said in multiple tweets.
;;-0.6486;;swaraj had told the rajya sabha on tuesday that the 39 indians were dead and their bodies had been recovered.
;;0.1027;;b'gurdip singhs family celebrate on friday (express photo) gurdip singhs family celebrate on friday (express photo)indian national gurdip singh (48), who was to be executed thursday night for drug smuggling in indonesia, has not been put to death, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said friday.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, soon after taking over in may 2014, told her counterpart wang yi that indias one china policy must be congruent to chinas one india policy, meaning, the chinese must be sensitive to indias claims in pakistan-occupied kashmir.
;;0.34;;this is my assurance to the country through parliament we will bring all of them back to india, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;0.34;;this is my assurance to the country through parliament we will bring all of them back to india, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;-0.7096;;(ap photo)a large number of indian workers in saudi arabia who have lost their jobs and cannot even buy food due to severe financial hardship will be brought back home, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, asserting that not one of them will go hungry.
;;0.0;;in a statement in parliament amid concerns by members in lok sabha and rajya sabha, swaraj said her deputy v k singh is leaving for saudi arabia to oversee the evacuation process.
;;0.34;;this is my assurance to the country through parliament we will bring all of them back to india, swaraj said.
;;0.25;;the government, swaraj said, was in touch with the foreign and labour offices in saudi arabia to ensure early evacuation of affected indians.
;;-0.5267;;last month, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said prime minister narendra modi had conveyed his unhappiness to his british counterpart theresa may over-focus on conditions of indian prisons during court hearings on mallyas extradition.
;;0.0;;modi, during a meeting with may in london in april, told her that it was not proper for courts to ask about the condition of indian jails as the british themselves had kept mahatma gandhi, jawaharlal nehru and other indian leaders in these prisons, swaraj had said.
;;0.6705;;swaraj told deuba that prime minister modi was eager to welcome him in india.
;;0.6705;;swaraj told deuba that prime minister modi was eager to welcome him in india.
;;-0.8957;;we strongly believe that our fight against terrorism should not only seek to eliminate terrorists but should also identify and take strong measures against states that encourage, support and finance terrorism and provide sanctuary to terrorists and terror groups, swaraj said without mentioning any country.
;;-0.5106;;on trade and investment, swaraj said that protectionism in all its forms should be rejected and efforts should be made to discipline measures that constitute barriers to trade.
;;0.4019;;an overwhelming majority of members have expressed their desire to see these negotiations continue on the basis of a text, swaraj said.
;;0.4939;;this is evident from our involvement with the international north-south transport corridor, the chabahar port development, the ashgabat agreement, india-myanmar-thailand highway project and bangladesh-butan-india-nepal initiative among others, swaraj said.
;;-0.0772;;b'with home minister p chidambaram stating that the palmolein case against p j thomas was discussed by the cvc selection panel,senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj today said she would not file an affidavit on the issue in the supreme court as there was no dispute on facts now.
;;0.0258;;sushma said that matters of caste and religion were not relevant to her since india was her country and all indians were her people.
;;-0.34;;while asserting that talks on terror were needed, swaraj said that while comprehensive bilateral dialogue was on hold, talks at other levels, including nsa-level discussions would go on.
;;-0.2755;;swaraj said india has never said it is not ready for talks with pakistan.
;;0.3182;;referring to pakistans gilgit-baltistan order 2018, which aimed to incorporate the region as a fifth province, swaraj said india had summoned pakistans high commissioner syed haider shah sunday and registered its strong protest over the move.
;;0.6249;;(pti)highlighting her ministrys successes in her tenure, swaraj said india had reached out to 186 out of 192 un member nations through minister-level visits and plans to reach the remaining six were being finalised.
;;0.1027;;referring to prime minister narendra modis flagship schemes, swaraj said india got technical expertise and investment from countries across the world, which brought in over rs 14 lakh crore between may 2014 and february 2018.
;;0.296;;(pti)asked about the sanctions imposed by the united states on iran, swaraj said they will not have any impact on indias relationship with iran as india only recognises un-imposed sanctions and not those imposed by another country.
;;0.2732;;on the issue of the united states considering cancelling visas for spouses of h-1b visa holders, swaraj said that india was trying through all three sides  the white house, the congress and the senate  to prevent it.
;;0.0;;referring to minister of state for external affairs vk singhs recent trip to north korea, swaraj said he had been sent after a meeting with the countrys officials at the nam ministerial meeting in april in azerbaijan.
;;0.4019;;meanwhile, last week, indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said if china unilaterally changes status-quo of the tri-junction point between china, india and bhutan, then it will pose as a challenge to indias security.
;;0.4215;;addressing the meeting of sco council of foreign ministers in the kyrgyz capital of bishkek, swaraj said india firmly believes in the efficacy of multilateralism and adherence to the principles of the united nations charter.
;;0.8126;;swaraj also said india was committed to the goal of combating climate change and welcomes the agreement reached at the katowice climate change conference in poland in 2018.
;;0.8612;;it is imperative to have comprehensive reforms of the united nations and its security council to make it more representative and effective, swaraj said.
;;0.6486;;india is committed to the un framework convention on climate change (unfccc) and the paris agreement on combating climate change, swaraj said.
;;0.6249;;the party will fix land acquisition rates in delhi at four times the prevailing market value, bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj said at a rally in narela.
;;0.0258;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said the indian government has taken up the matter with pakistan.
;;0.4215;;i am saying it today on the floor of the house that china introduced procedural hurdles, the main being on whether a non-npt state can have nsg status it is true that this was the reason for the non-decision on indias application, swaraj said in the lok sabha.
;;-0.2755;;that does not mean it it will never agree (to the gst bill), swaraj said.
;;0.7506;;watch video: whats making newsearlier, swaraj told ncps supriya sule, who sought details of indias efforts to join the nsg, that mexico had supported indias bid and when the decision did not go in new delhis favour, the country once again asked the group to decide on the issue.
;;0.3818;;on the benefits of getting nsg membership, swaraj said india will then become part of rule making as opposed to being a rule taker.
;;-0.5187;;earlier this month, swaraj had told parliament that as many as 40 indians were abducted by terror group isis from mosul in iraq in june 2014, but one of them escaped posing as a muslim from bangladesh.
;;0.5719;;i have come here with a delegation from different parts of india, with those of different faiths to pay respects to life of mother teresa, swaraj had said at the reception.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told the rajya sabha that india was willing to talk to china on the standoff in sikkim sector, but both sides have to first take back their armies.
;;0.0;;earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had also said that vemula was not from the scheduled caste community.
;;-0.8248;;ratcheting up efforts to contain the damage over attacks on african nationals, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had on may 31 last announced a slew of steps including a country-wide sensitisation campaign while asserting that the killing of the congolese youth was not a racial crime.
;;0.0;;(source: reuters photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday said she has asked her colleague and minister of state for external affairs general (retd.
;;0.5267;;chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunyings comments came a day after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that india is engaging with moscow and making efforts to convince beijing on the issue.
;;0.5859;;swaraj on monday said india has always engaged with china and we are doing it for nsg as well.
;;0.3597;;the minister, replying to a question in rajya sabha, said: our position is very clear, there is no evidence of wrongdoing by kulbhushan jadhav, swaraj also said that the government would raise the matter at different levels indicating that it may resort to applying diplomatic pressure by raising the matter in the united nations.
;;0.0258;;@ambgurjitsingh @eoiberlin (2)  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 2, 2016in another tweet, swaraj said the indian consulate general in frankfurt is handling the matter and he has even spoken to her father also.
;;0.4019;;we will help you, swaraj said.
;;0.3818;;we signed it due to our commitment to protecting the environment india will continue to be part of it irrespective of whether the us remains in it or not, swaraj told reporters while speaking on three years of the modi government.
;;0.4939;;on the h1b visas, swaraj said while nothing has changed so far in the us, there were concerns sushmaswaraj rebuts trump on paris agreement and new delhi was in touch with the us administration and lawmakers.
;;0.296;;rejecting any flip-flop in the government policy on pakistan, swaraj said india is clear that it wants to hold dialogue, resolve all issues bilaterally without mediation from any third country, organisation or anyone else.
;;0.5267;;asked about remarks of a pakistan law officer that islamabad will take the kashmir issue to the international court of justice which india approached in the kulbhushan jadhav case, swaraj said: pakistan cannot take kashmir issue to icj.
;;0.3182;;during the meeting, swaraj said there was scope to expand bilateral ties in a range of areas.
;;-0.2987;;giving details from the incident, swaraj said, our govt does not believe in missing, believed to be killed.
;;-0.5574;;swaraj says did not keep anyone in the dark about deathswhile maintaining that she did not keep anyone in the dark about the deaths, the external affairs minister said, it would have been a sin had we handed over anybodys body claiming it to be those of our people, just for the sake of closing files.
;;-0.4168;;sushma swaraj responds to harjit masihs allegationsresponding to harjit masihs allegation that the government knew about the deaths but did not reveal due to political reasons, swaraj said, harjit masih is just an individual, he could claim 39 others are dead, but we are the government, we cant say this so easily.
;;-0.6597;;i will also take up the matter of yasir an indian national from srinagar who was killed in kazan (russia),swaraj said in a series of tweets.
;;-0.4939;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has already said that it would be considered as a premeditated murder and pakistan should be ready to face the consequences.
;;-0.9118;;referring to the murder of srinivas kuchibhotla in kansas in the us, swaraj said the accused was arrested the next day but the killing of deep rai was still being investigated.
;;-0.8176;;rejecting the opposition contention that the government is not aware of indians being killed abroad, swaraj said, we are aware of each and every person dying outside the country.
;;0.6808;;b'asking young women not to be averse to joining politics,senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj today said good people were needed to clean up the political life in the country.
;;-0.4939;;when a girl asked whether her family life suffered due to political work,swaraj said,i always believe in time management.
;;0.0;;in last 34 years,i and my family never felt that my political life has come in the way of my family life, swaraj said.
;;-0.6705;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo/file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo/file)bodies of 39 indians killed in war-torn iraq will be brought to india in a weeks time, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told the families of the deceased on monday.
;;-0.8316;;swaraj had told parliament last week that all the 39 indians, abducted by the isis in iraq in 2014, had been killed and their bodies recovered.
;;-0.5187;;as many as 40 indians were abducted by the isis terror group from mosul in iraq but one of them escaped posing as a muslim from bangladesh, swaraj had said in rajya sabha.
;;-0.3818;;swaraj said the mass grave had exactly 39 bodies, with distinctive features such as long hair, non-iraqi shoes and ids.
;;0.0516;;b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said mahatma gandhi and nelson mandela gave hope to the enslaved people of this world, whether under colonialism or apartheid.
;;0.0516;;(express photo/tashi tobgyal/file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said mahatma gandhi and nelson mandela gave hope to the enslaved people of this world, whether under colonialism or apartheid.
;;-0.1779;;(express photo/tashi tobgyal/file)mahatma gandhi and nelson mandela gave hope to those facing injustice and discrimination, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said here today, as she recalled indias role at international forums to help south african people in their fight against apartheid.
;;0.7717;;they gave hope to generations to come, by ensuring that our values and principles, which we hold sacred, are forever enshrined in our psyche and in our constitutions, swaraj said.
;;0.5423;;swaraj said india and south africa are marching hand-in-hand towards peace, prosperity and development.
;;0.3612;;swaraj said, minister of state for external affairs mj akbar emphasized on the importance of sea.
;;-0.7391;;in a strong response, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said in her address that india does not need four points but just one that pakistan should give up terrorism and let us sit down and talk.
;;-0.7184;;express photoindian national gurdip singh, who was to be executed last night on drug charges in indonesia, has not been put to death, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on friday.
;;0.0;;indian ambassador in indonesia has informed me that gurdip singh whose execution was fixed for last night, has not been executed, swaraj said on twitter.
;;0.0459;;watch video |father karan johar introduces roohi, yash to the worldafter the bill was cleared by the union cabinet in august last year, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said: we do not recognise homosexual or live-in relationships, we do not want to entitle themit is not in our ethos.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that china was not opposing indias membership and was talking about criteria and process for becoming an nsg member.
;;0.8442;;i am hopeful that we would be able to convince china as well to support our entry to the nsg, swaraj told reporters.
;;0.0;;asked about pakistans application to the nsg, swaraj said that india, being a non-member, cannot comment on its entry and role.
;;0.4215;;we think that the application of each country should be considered on the basis of merit, said swaraj.
;;-0.2846;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had told parliament last month that 40 indians were abducted by isis from mosul in iraq in june 2014, but one of them escaped.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also said if the execution takes place, the relations between the two nations will further deteriorate.
;;-0.6124;;as many as 40 indians were abducted by terrorist organisation isis in june 2014 from mosul in iraq but one of them escaped by posing as a muslim from bangladesh, swaraj told the rajya sabha.
;;0.4019;;i thank lawyer shahnawaz noon who fought her case like a father, said swaraj.
;;0.4939;;i heaved a sigh of relief as soon as she crossed the wagah border, swaraj told reporters here.
;;-0.5267;;indian embassy has asked all indians in turkey to avoid public places and remain indoors until the situation there becomes clearer(source: ap) indian embassy has asked all indians in turkey to avoid public places and remain indoors until the situation there becomes clearer(source: ap)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj asked indian nationals in turkey to stay indoors while the country faced unrest due to a military coup.
;;-0.296;;india wants to settle all issues with pakistan through dialogue, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, but also made it amply clear that talks and terror cannot go together.
;;0.0;;after the meeting, swaraj said, my discussion with minister wang yi was to prepare for the informal meeting between our leaders.
;;0.7506;;while making efforts to progress our relations in diverse areas, we underlined that maintaining peace and tranquillity in the india-china border areas is an essential pre-requisite for the smooth development of bilateral relations, swaraj said, underlining the emphasis new delhi laid on the border dispute.
;;0.8442;;the progress made in the last few months has also contributed to building trust and understanding in our bilateral engagement, swaraj said, adding that the two sides have discussed perspectives on counter-terrorism, climate change, sustainable development and healthcare.
;;-0.2023;;in his first address in parliament after becoming the prime minister, modi announced that his government was for the weak and poor people and he has lived up to it by empowering rather than giving out freebies to the people through his schemes, swaraj said while speaking at a function to mark three years of the bjp government and its plank of sabka saath sabka vikas.
