;;-0.9231;;speaking after conclusion of the second us-india strategic dialogue in new delhi with visiting u.s. secretary of state john kerry, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj yesterday said both countries also renewed their commitment to track down and prosecute perpetrators of several terrorist attacks on indian soil, including the 2008 strike in mumbai and a january 2016 attack on the pathankot air force base.
;;0.3612;;swaraj said the two sides had agreed on the urgent necessity for pakistan to disable safe havens and terrorist networks and on the need to pakistan to do more to bring the perpetrators of (the two attacks) to justice quickly.
;;-0.5734;;this is completely not true, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said about trump's charges he made while announcing the us exit from the paris deal last week.
;;0.6369;;by ptinew delhi: asserting that every issue raised by the congress on rafale deal has been clarified by the supreme court, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday said in rajya sabha that there is no controversy in the matter, except in minds of the opposition party leaders.
;;-0.296;;to this, swaraj said, anandji, there is no controversy.
;;-0.2732;;to a query raised by shiv sena member sanjay raut if there was any discussion on the rafale deal during the recent visit of french foreign minister jean-yves le drian to india, swaraj said, there was no discussion on the matter.
;;0.4939;;to another query on the jaitapur nuclear power project, swaraj said that an agreement was signed on march 22, 2016 to set up a plant.
;;-0.7579;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj last week said fighting the global scourge of terrorism is a central part of india's diplomatic engagements with pakistan.
;;0.5267;;by ptinew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said abu dhabi declaring hindi as one of the official languages in its courts will make the justice delivery system simpler and more accessible to indian expatriates in that country.
;;0.4215;;also read | sushmaswaraj swaraj invited to pakistan to attend groundbreaking ceremony of kartarpur corridorboth india and pakistan have announced that stretches would be developed in their respective areas, linking dera baba nanak in punjab's gurdaspur district with the gurdwara darbar sahib in pakistan.
;;0.3182;;(pti)new delhi: cautioning pakistan of consequences in bilateral relationship, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that india will go out of the way to save kulbhushan jadhav who has been awarded death sentence by pakistan in an alleged espionage case.
;;-0.7269;;with both government and opposition leaders raising serious concerns over the death sentence to jadhav, swaraj making a statement in rajya sabha said that there is no evidence of wrongdoing by jadhav.
;;-0.34;;also read: pm should mount pressure on pakistan to secure jadhav's release: congressapprising to the house about the facts in the case, swaraj said jadhav was doing business in iran and was kidnapped and taken to pakistan but the exact circumstances are unclear and can only be ascertained if we have consular access to him.
;;0.743;;external affiars minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in the rajya sabha that saudi arabia had agreed to provide free medical facility and food to the indian workers stranded in camps and allow those eligible to seek re-employment with other companies.
;;0.0;;swaraj, while making a suo moto statement, said her colleague and minister of state for external affairs v k singh was camping in saudi arabia since tuesday evening and would return after formalising the arrangements for the indian workers.
;;0.5574;;saudi arabia, swaraj said, has agreed to the indian governments request to grant exit visas to the stranded workers.
;;0.0;;new delhi: it was, as foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, a meeting of two mothers.
;;-0.85;;swaraj, while recalling the episode, said uzma was so distressed that she told high commission officials she would commit suicide if she was not rescued.
;;0.3818;;soon after crossing the wagah border into india, she kissed the ground and touched the soil to her forehead -- a gesture that swaraj said indeed made her india's daughter.
;;0.7096;;and, for us at the mea, it was a compliment, as you reposed faith in our mission in a foreign land, swaraj said.
;;0.8779;;i would say that prompt and clear response of the u.s. political leadership and the law enforcement authorities to these incidents and the widespread messages of sympathy and support from all quarters in the u.s give us confidence that these incidents are acts of individuals and do not represent the overwhelming sentiments of the american people towards india, swaraj said while explaining her ministrys decision to not to issue an advisory against indians travelling to the us.
;;0.7906;;i have saluted his heroism and am sure the house joins me in wishing him speedy recovery, swaraj said.
;;-0.5994;;new delhi: india has received a report on the shootout incident resulting in the death of its national in the us' washington state and is coordinating with the investigative agencies, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;-0.5994;;this resulted in his death, swaraj said.
;;0.34;;swaraj said benefits under national food security scheme, in which wheat is provided at subsidized rs 2 per kg and rice at rs3 per kg, were restricted to just 11 states during the upa government.
;;-0.2732;;by anidurban: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said india is neither imperialist nor expansionist, adding that india does not need even an inch of land or a drop of water from anyone.
;;0.4019;;while quoting a sanskrit verse sarve bhavantu sukhine (may all see happiness), sarve santu niramahya (may all be healthy (free from illness)), and sarve bhadrani pashyantu ( may all see what is auspicious), swaraj said that such a nation could never stand for protectionism.
;;0.6542;;while talking of another virtue associated with mahatma gandhi, swaraj said that there is only one truth but the people worship it in different forms.
;;-0.4019;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said that iran has released 15 indian fishermen who were detained with their bahraini boats last year.
;;-0.4019;;they were detained with their 3 bahraini boats, swaraj said in a tweet.
;;0.0;;by express news servicebhopal: union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced on tuesday that she wont contest the 2019 lok sabha elections.
;;0.5423;;talking to journalists in indore, the former delhi chief minister swaraj said she had informed the partys top leadership about her decision, though it is the party leadership only which will take the final call over it.
;;0.0258;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said though there was tension between the two neighbours, the pakistan foreign office and the home ministry played a key role in her return.
;;0.0;;swaraj said while the counsel treated uzma as his child, the judge dealt with the case on humanitarian grounds and not through the prism of india-pakistan relations as some people there wanted him to.
;;0.4939;;i heaved a sigh of relief as soon as she crossed the wagah border, swaraj told reporters.
;;-0.0772;;however, swaraj asked kumar for immediate intervention, saying the situation appeared to be serious.
;;-0.128;;in a separate case, swaraj asked the indian embassy in washington to assist an indian family which sought her help saying their passports and other belongings were stolen from their hotel room in chicago.
;;0.4404;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday said india's initiative of inviting bimstec nations for the goa brics summit was a success because the countries represent the polar opposite of a terrorism promoting polity -- a reference to pakistan and its terror-aiding activities.
;;0.6597;;they are focused on improving the quality of life of their people, on skills and employment, on education and health, and on the quality of governance and the deepening of democracy, sushmaswaraj swaraj said at the inauguration of brics media forum here.
;;0.6249;;swaraj, has told the fishermen that the government will remain closely engaged with sri lankan government to secure release of all indian boats and fishermen in their custody.
;;0.0;;as the hyderabad woman's passport had expired last year, sushmaswaraj asked the indian high commission to renew her indian passport and facilitate her return to india.
;;-0.5859;;if anything, he is the victim of a plan that seeks to cast aspersions on india to deflect international attention from pakistan's well-known record of sponsoring and supporting terrorism, swaraj had told both houses of parliament earlier in the day.
;;-0.296;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told the families the government had received information that some indian men were in mosul, from where the 39 men had gone missing three years ago.
;;-0.4404;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday said that she has directed the indian envoy in islamabad to seek consular access to an indian national lodged in a jail in pakistan's peshawar following reports of repeated attacks on him.
;;0.0;;during the second india-us strategic and commercial dialogue (s&cd) in the national capital earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said, in view of the rapidly evolving regional and global situation, india looks forward to resuming the meeting of the trilateral with afghanistan; consultations on africa and on multilateral issues within this year.
;;0.2263;;during the international conference on nepal's reconstruction held in june last year, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had asked the himalayan country to allow india to develop the fast-track road and the international airport in nijgadh.
;;0.0258;;earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that she has taken up the matter with islamabad.
;;-0.914;;stating that the jem is banned by the un and other countries, swaraj told wang that this terrorist attack is the direct result of the impunity and cover provided to the jem and its leaders by the pakistani side.
;;-0.4019;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday said there was no reason to worry about the curbs on h1b visas or the job security of indian it professionals working in the us for the time being as the indian government is in talks with the us regarding this.
;;0.3818;;we are making all efforts (through diplomatic channels) to ensure these bills are not passed, sushmaswaraj said in the rajya sabha.
;;-0.5574;;on illegal migrants, sushmaswaraj said that the us authorities have given a list of 271 persons who they have identified for deportation.
;;0.3089;;by ptinew delhi: the brexit task is not yet completed and there won't be any problem to indians till the process gets over, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told the rajya sabha on thursday.
;;0.3089;;the whole process will take two years and till then there will not be any problem, swaraj said.
;;0.836;;as regards the impact of brexit on indian-origin people who have migrated to the uk on portuguese passports, swaraj said that the 'withdrawal agreement' signed between the uk and the eu, which is yet to be voted upon in the british parliament protects all eu citizens residing in the uk in accordance with the conditions prescribed in the 'eu free movement law.
;;-0.6808;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today that the government was sparing no effort to trace kerala priest tom uzhunnalil, who was kidnapped in wartorn yemen by terror group islamic state (is) in march 2016.
;;0.4939;;i heaved a sigh of relief as soon as she crossed the wagah border, swaraj told reporters here.
;;-0.7096;;making a statement in rajya sabha on the killing of indian fisherman allegedly by sri lankan navy in palk bay on march 6, swaraj said the government through diplomatic channels, has consistently taken up issues relating to apprehension of fishermen with the sri lanka to ensure that indian fishermen are treated in a humane manner.
;;0.8225;;explaining the efforts being made, swaraj said that an agreement was reached at the meeting to set up a joint working group (jwg) on fisheries as a bilateral institutional mechanism to help find a permanent solution to all fishermen issues.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj, india's external affairs minister, said kuchibhotla's body will be transported to the city of hyderabad, where his family lives.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the floor of the unga announced that jammu and kashmir is an integral part of india and will always remain so.
;;0.3182;;during the meeting, swaraj said there was scope to expand bilateral ties in a range of areas.
;;0.7096;;by ptibeijing: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today asked indian and chinese to learn each other's language as it will help them overcome communication barriers, resulting in further strengthening the relationship between the two nations.
;;0.0;;i should be able to understand chinese when you speak, and you should be able to understand hindi when i talk, swaraj said.
;;0.2584;;so that when indians visit china they don't face difficulty, and when chinese visit india, you don't require an interpreter, swaraj said.
;;0.886;;swaraj said during her meeting with chinese foreign minister wang yi yesterday, she had told him that people are the biggest strength for any foreign minister and when people of two countries love each other, it only strengthens the governments.
;;0.5574;;in this regard, one significant achievement has been the united nations broadcasting its programmes on the un radio website in hindi language also, swaraj said in a written reply in the lok sabha.
;;-0.5859;;at a joint press conference with kerry after the 2nd indo- us strategic and commercial dialogue (s&cd), swaraj said, we reaffirmed the urgent necessity for pakistan to dismantle safe havens for terrorists and criminal networks including lashkar-e-taiba, jaish-e-mohammad and d company.
;;0.0382;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tonight said the nonagenarian indian-origin woman, who was reportedly sent back by her son to india from the us without a valid visa, will not have to leave the country.
;;-0.4767;;moving the resolution, ms swaraj said the nda government's schemes, such as jan dhan yojana and ujjwala yojana, are aimed at uplifting the poor and empowering women.
;;0.0772;;ms swaraj said the prime minister narendra modi demonstrated his will power to provide bank accounts to a large number of population through jan dhan yojana.
;;-0.0387;;earlier in a series of tweets on saturday, swaraj said, mr. foreign minister of pakistan - your 'googly' remarks in a dramatic manner has exposed none but you.
;;0.7906;;and, it is that love for india which is manifesting in your eyes and words spoken, swaraj said, drawing applause from the audience.
;;0.3612;;swaraj also told shahid that india backed the maldives decision to rejoin the commonwealth, and welcomed maldives into the indian ocean rim association as its newest member.
;;0.5719;;swaraj also said india would be happy with the participation of the central asian countries at the chabahar day international conference in chabahar on 26 february.
;;0.0;;the indian government will foster her, sushmaswaraj told reporters here.
;;0.0;;swaraj said dna tests were carried out on eight couples who had claimed that they were geeta's parents but the efforts did not bear fruit.
;;0.0;;deol family - rania (sirsa): i hv (have) seen news report and given instructions to our high commissioner in new zealand, sushmaswaraj swaraj said in a tweet.
;;-0.6917;;swaraj said india proposed a draft document in 1996 on comprehensive convention on international terrorism (ccit) at the un which till today has remained only a draft as the un member states cannot agree on a common language.
;;-0.9716;;but, the horrific tragedy of 9/11, and the catastrophe of 26/11 became the nightmares that shattered our dreams, swaraj said.
;;-0.8176;;making a statement in rajya sabha on the killing of indian fisherman allegedly by sri lankan navy in palk bay on march 6, swaraj said the government through diplomatic channels, has consistently taken up issues relating to the apprehension of fishermen with sri lanka.
;;0.4019;;the sri lankan government has further reassured us that all possible action will be taken in cooperation with the relevant indian authorities to investigate the fishermen issue, swaraj said.
;;0.8225;;swaraj said an agreement was reached at the meeting to set up a joint working group (jwg) on fisheries as a bilateral institutional mechanism to help find a permanent solution.
;;-0.7845;;earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in hyderabad that there will be no dialogue with pakistan unless it desists from terrorist activities against india.
;;-0.8176;;because, as i said, that unless and until pakistan stops terrorist activities in india, there will be no dialogue and we will not participate in saarc, swaraj said at a press conference.
;;0.8689;;taking a hard stance, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said she refuses to accept that foster parents can take better care of the child than natural parents.
;;0.0;;in a series of tweets, swaraj said, our ambassador in norway is meeting the norwegian authorities today regarding aryan.
;;0.3818;;swaraj asked the workers to file for claims and return to the country without waiting for unpaid salaries and assured that the dues would be paid once the saudi arabian government settles the matter with the companies.
;;0.0258;;this matter is listed for hearing in february, swaraj told reporters here.
;;-0.5719;;in a swipe at the opposition congress, swaraj asked, but why has this (deportation) caused discomfort to the congress?
;;-0.6671;;on the rafale fighter aircraft purchase, which is at the centre of an acrimonious tussle between the ruling bjp and the congress, swaraj said it was not an issue and claimed it could not become a poll issue in mp despite the congress's best efforts.
;;-0.959;;prime minister narendra modi, without naming pakistan at g-20, had said that one single nation in south asia is spreading agents of terror in the region and it must be isolated while external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the unga had said confessions of captured terrorists involved in terror strikes in india including in uri is a living proof of pakistan's complicity in cross-border terror.
;;0.128;;swaraj, who was unable to travel to kartarpur sahib due to prior commitments, had said india would be represented by badal and puri.
;;-0.743;;apprising parliament of the crisis unfolding in the gulf country with thousands of indian labourers being laid off without compensation and food supplies, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told parliament that no indian would go hungry.
;;0.3818;;swaraj said that her deputy general (retd) v k singh would be leaving for saudi arabia to undertake yet another evacuation process and resolve the issue faced by the indian labourers in the country.
;;0.0323;;i would caution pakistan government to consider the consequences for our bilateral relationship if they proceed on this matter, said swaraj in the rajya sabha.
;;0.3237;;swaraj further said, i would also like to tell the house that i have been in touch with the parents of jadhav and we are extending our fullest support to them in this difficult situation.
;;-0.8689;;by ptinew delhi: asserting that no country is immune to the existential threat of terrorism, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday said the need of the hour is to ensure zero tolerance towards terrorism and those using it as an instrument of convenience.
;;0.8519;;swaraj, in her address at the raisina dialogue here, said that with an unwavering belief in multilateralism, india speaks not just for itself but also for the cause of justice, opportunity and prosperity around the world.
;;-0.6311;;today, no country, big or small, is immune to the existential threat, particularly terrorism actively supported and sponsored by states, swaraj said.
;;0.1779;;kashmir issue can only be resolved bilaterally, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said monday.
;;-0.4019;;new delhi: iran has released 25 indian fishermen, who had been detained with their bahraini boats since march, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said.
;;0.0;;however, in another case, swaraj asked a pakistani lawyer to get a recommendation from pakistan's foreign affairs advisor sartaj aziz .
;;-0.0258;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today asked indian embassy in riyadh to keep her informed about the case of a 32-year-old man from hyderabad being sentenced to one year's imprisonment and 300 lashes by a saudi court after being convicted in a robbery case.
;;-0.2732;;the letter from amazon indias vice president and country manager amit aggrawal a day after swaraj asked the e-commerce giant to withdraw the offensive article and offer an unconditional apology, otherwise the firms officials will not allowed entry to india.
;;0.0;;we will also rescind the visas issued earlier, swaraj said in a sharply worded tweet.
;;0.4939;;sushma had asked the indian mission in munich to take care of the couples children till prashanths family members could go to munich, as smitha was also hospitalized due to injuries.
;;0.0;;new delhi: in an apparent dig at some film stars who have opted to have children through surrogacy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that surrogacy seems to have become a fashion for celebrity couples.
;;0.0;;swaraj further said: big celebrities who not only have one but two children, a son and a daughter, even then they went ahead with surrogacy.
;;-0.2263;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tonight announced securing the release of five indians who were jailed in togo.
;;-0.8402;;new delhi: an air ambulance of the medanta hospital today crash landed near bangkok after it caught fire, resulting in the death of its pilot and injuries to four crew members, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said tonight.
;;-0.34;;in a series of tweets, swaraj said, the air ambulance of medanta hospital with five member crew caught fire and crashlanded near bangkok.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, in a tweet, announced about the identification of suneja's body.
;;0.4019;;speaking in rajya sabha, swaraj said that repatriation of 1261 fishermen since 2014 has been ensured and of these 438 was secured in the last three months only.
;;0.4215;;jammu and kashmir is an integral part of india and will always remain so, said swaraj while addressing the united nations general assembly.
;;-0.9022;;responding to pakistan prime minister nawaz sharifs statements, made five days earlier, at the unga, where he accused india of committing brutalities in the kashmir valley and hailed hizbul-mujahideen terrorists burhan wani as young leader, swaraj said on 21st september, the prime minister of pakistan used this podium to make baseless allegations about human rights violations in my country.
;;-0.4939;;going hammer and thongs at pakistan at the unga, swaraj said, in our midst, there are nations that still speak the language of terrorism, that nurture it, peddle it, and export it.
;;-0.4519;;countering pakistan pms accusation that india has placed pre-conditions for talks which are not acceptable to him, swaraj asked: what pre-conditions?
;;-0.886;;by ptiwuzhen: the pulwama attack is the direct result of the impunity and cover provided to the jaish-e-muhammed terror group by pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said wednesday as she forcefully raised the terror strike with her chinese counterpart wang yi here.
;;-0.914;;stating that the jem is banned by the un and other countries, swaraj told wang that this terrorist attack is the direct result of the impunity and cover provided to the jem and its leaders by the pakistani side.
;;0.4019;;swaraj, who arrived here early this morning, told wang that this is their first meeting this year and therefore an opportune time for the two sides to take stock of the bilateral relations and look ahead for cooperation.
;;0.5574;;referring to the wuhan summit between prime minister, narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping, swaraj said we have made substantial progress in relations.
;;0.8934;;india is committed to strengthening your democratic institutions and socio-economic development of your people, swaraj said during her meeting with suu kyi, whose nationalleague for democracy party won a historic landslide election last year that finally brought an end to five decades of military rule.
;;0.0;;swaraj said this was the message of prime minister narendra modi and president pranab mukherjee.
;;0.0;;all formalities to bring them back have been completed, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in a letter to bjp state president kummanam rajasekharan.
;;-0.7783;;during her joint press conference with kerry, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said pakistan should stop terrorism and dismantle the lashkar-e-toiba, jaish-e-mohammad and the d-company networks.
;;-0.5859;;we reaffirmed the urgent necessity for pakistan to dismantle safe havens for terrorists and criminal networks including lashkar-e-toiba, jaish-e-mohammad and the d-company, swaraj said.
;;0.5267;;we have agreed to work together to strengthen the national unity government in afghanistan, swaraj said.
;;-0.9217;;by iansnew delhi: terrorism, proliferation of weapons of mass destruction (wmds) and climate change are the three critical challenges the world is facing today, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on wednesday.
;;-0.6369;;there was a time when india would talk about terrorism, and it would be treated as a law and order issue on many global platforms, sushmaswaraj swaraj said while addressing 2019's raisina dialogue, india's flagship annual geopolitical and geostrategic conference, organised by the external affairs ministry in partnership with the observer research foundation (orf) think tank.
;;0.0;;firstly, sushmaswaraj swaraj said, india has rebuilt its bridges with its immediate and extended neighbours.
;;0.0;;secondly, sushmaswaraj swaraj said, new delhi is shaping its relationships in a manner that synchronises with india's economic priorities.
;;0.4019;;finally, sushmaswaraj swaraj said, india is leading the way in reconfiguring and reinvigorating global institutions and organisations.
;;0.0;;we are watching if there is any trend being set, swaraj said.
;;0.4588;;in her response, swaraj said, strategic partnership does not mean that we will compromise with our national interest.
;;0.7783;;we have called for necessary measures to ensure the safety and security of indian diaspora and expeditious investigation into these incidents, swaraj said.
;;0.4019;;i am asking @indianembassyus to provide all help and assistance, swaraj said.
;;0.0323;;we have taken up this matter with government of pakistan and requested them for an update on both the indian nationals in pakistan, swaraj said.
;;-0.1877;;new delhi: the new us administration under president donald trump has so far not announced any comprehensive policy changes impacting high-skill visa programmes, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said.
;;0.0;;asked about the foreign aid received or donated by india, swaraj said india has been providing more aid to foreign countries than it has been receiving annually in the last three years.
;;0.0;;swaraj said this to parliament's consultative committee on external affairs during a meeting which was also attended by minister of state for external affairs m j akbar and foreign secretary s jaishankar.
;;-0.5106;;during the meeting, swaraj also said that she had met pakistan's envoy to india and proposed to him that both countries release the prisoners who are above 70 years of age or women or of unsound mind as part of humanitarian aspect of the relationship, a member who was present in the meeting said.
;;-0.5873;;at a separate event, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, unlike in the past we cannot agree that dialogue with sponsor and supporters of terrorism should carry on without being linked to action in that regard, in an apparent reference to pakistan.
;;0.4019;;mumbai: five days after offering help to a stranded british couple in mumbai, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj asked the uk government when they would issue the passport for their infant daughter of about five-months.
;;0.3818;;we are prepared to extend parents' visa till then, sushmaswaraj said in a tweet on sunday.
;;0.0258;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that she has taken up the matter with islamabad.
;;-0.6369;;swaraj said that the bill has a provision for a jail term upto ten years and a fine of rs 10 lakhs for violations, such as abandoning the child and opting for commercial surrogacy.
;;0.2732;;foreigners as well as nris and pios who hold overseas citizens of india (oci) cards have been barred from opting for surrogacy, swaraj said.
;;0.3182;;swaraj said the new law will be notified 10 months after it is cleared by the two houses to allow mothers who are already pregnant then to have a surrogate baby.
;;0.5106;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said that she has spoken to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath about the attack on four nigerian students in greater noida and he has assured fair and impartial probe into the matter.
;;0.0258;;earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that she has taken up the matter with islamabad.
;;0.0;;by ptinew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today that indian missions in canada are working round the clock after a blast at an indian restaurant in ontario province.
;;0.0;;swaraj said she was in constant touch with india's consul general in toronto and the high commissioner in canada.
;;-0.3818;;in her address to the un general assembly here, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said climate change is a serious challenge confronting the world as there are enough resources on this planet to fulfill everyone's needs but not enough to fulfill anyone's greed since greed is limitless.
;;0.743;;developed nations must discharge their responsibility in the search for the common good, with finance and technology transfer, swaraj said as she referred to prime minister narendra modi's clarion call for climate justice.
;;0.875;;swaraj said nations must take forward the mission of gender equality and protect women where there is gender regression and ensure peace across boundaries, because there can be no prosperity without peace.
;;0.8126;;noting that 1/6th of humanity lives in india, swaraj said global success in realising sdgs depends on the success achieved in india.
;;-0.34;;india, however, has asked the us to find a just and non-discriminatory solution to the issue to avoid any adverse effect on the bilateral trade ties, said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.5859;;meanwhile, swaraj said that india had a detailed exchange of views on climate change and clean energy issues with us.
;;0.7096;;swaraj said that both the countries have agreed to scale up collaboration in clean energy and to quickly operationalize the different initiatives announced by prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.4767;;swaraj had told the family members that an iraqi official quoting intelligence sources had told singh that the kidnapped indians were deployed at a hospital construction site and then shifted to a farm before they were put in a jail in badush.
;;0.1531;;taking to her twitter handle, external affairs minister swaraj told qureshi that his googly remark exposed him, and also shows that he has no respect for the sentiments of the sikh community.
;;0.3818;;earlier on saturday, while addressing the media in poll-bound rajasthan's jaipur, swaraj had asked pak prime minister imran khan to clear his stand on the 'googly' remark made by his minister.
;;0.8807;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, speaking in hindi at the united nations general assembly, said prime minister narendra modi had extended the hand of friendship to pakistan by inviting his counterpart nawaz sharif to his swearing-in ceremony in may 2014, and also visiting lahore last december in a goodwill gesture.
;;0.0;;india will continue to be part of it irrespective of whether the us remains in it or not, swaraj told reporters while speaking on three years of the modi government.
;;0.0772;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the central government was taking immediate action and that she had spoken to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath who had assured her of a fair and impartial investigation into this unfortunate incident.
;;0.729;;i would caution pakistan to consider the consequences for our bilateral relationship if they proceed on this matter, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said, adding that india would go out of the way to ensure justice for jadhav.
;;0.7964;;addressing the meeting of shanghai cooperation organisation council of foreign ministers here in the kyrgyz capital, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said india is determined to consistently strengthen cooperation within the sco framework for comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable security.
;;-0.7357;;our wounds of pulwama attack were still raw and the news from the neighbourhood has made us more determined to resolutely fight against this menace, swaraj said at the meeting, also attended by pakistan foreign minister shah mehmood qureshi.
;;0.7346;;swaraj said india is open to ideas on how we can make the work of regional anti-terrorism structure (rats), which specifically deals with issues relating to security and defence, more effective.
;;0.2263;;in spite of a turbulent global scenario, sco member states have been steadily expanding mutually beneficial cooperation in various spheres, including political, security and development, swaraj said.
;;-0.3182;;the fact that the meeting went on for much longer than planned showed how critical the subject was, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;after the meeting, swaraj had said that a decision on buying oil from iran will be taken after the general elections.
;;0.4215;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has announced the release of five indians from kerala who were jailed in togo and appreciated the indian mission in and consulate in togo for their support.
;;0.6597;;swaraj, known for extending a helping hand to people who approach her through social media, said, her sympathies are with him.
;;-0.5574;;highlighting the two pending tasks of general assembly, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said despite the passage of two decades, the comprehensive convention on international terrorism, which was proposed by india in 1996, is yet to be implemented.
;;-0.2023;;on security council reform, swaraj said just as the world needs a more contemporary approach to combating terrorism, there is also need for a security council that is less outdated and that continues to reflect the world order of an earlier era.
;;-0.5106;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said the mortal remains of a man from delhi, who died of cardiac arrest in tokyo two weeks ago, will be brought back home tomorrow, days after his family sought government's help citing financial constraints.
;;0.2411;;responding to the request, swaraj had said government will bring back the body without delay and bear the expense.
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told parliament recently that iran had yet to ratify a trilateral pact to set up the transit corridor to afghanistan that was signed on a visit last year by prime minister narendra modi.
;;-0.8555;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said that police investigations into the death of a 22-year-old zambian student in gujarat suggest that it was a case of suicide.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said that her ministry is in the process of getting jinnah house, the sea-facing mumbai bungalow of pakistan founder mohammad ali jinnah, transferred in its name.
;;0.0;;in a letter to city bjp legislator mangal prabhat lodha, swaraj also said that her ministry will refurbish the bungalow on the lines of hyderabad house in delhi.
;;0.0;;pmo has now accorded necessary approvals, swaraj said in her letter to lodha.
;;-0.296;;swaraj responding to their complaint asked indian embassy in muscat to file a case against the persons who indulged in human trafficking and ill-treated our national.
;;-0.7506;;new delhi: two persons have been arrested here for assaulting and robbing a kenyan woman here, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on thursday.
;;0.0;;on the 'one belt one road' issue, swaraj said india is opposed to the china-pakistan economic corridor's (cpec) inclusion in the obor since the time it was proposed, as it was passing through territory that india claims as its own.
;;-0.8591;;swaraj had recently said that mea receives hundreds of complaints about nri men abandoning their wives in foreign lands, and husbands subjecting their wives to mental and physical abuse.
;;-0.296;;in a series of tweets, swaraj said both syed asif nizami and his nephew nazim nizami went missing after they landed at the karachi airport and pakistan government has been requested for an update on both the indian nationals.
;;0.0;;indian nationals syed asif nizami aged 80 years and his nephew nazim ali nizami had gone to pakistan on march 8, 2017, swaraj said.
;;0.34;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, tweeting about the incident, said that india has taken up the issue of security of indians in kuwait at the highest level.
;;-0.0772;;read: india will go out of its way to ensure kulbhushan jadhav's return: sushmaswaraj swaraj in parliamentsingh said india's request for basic consular access to jadhav was denied several times.
;;-0.3182;;swaraj asked amazon to tender unconditional apology and withdraw all products insulting the national flag immediately.
;;0.0;;we will also rescind the visas issued earlier, swaraj said in a sharply worded tweet.
;;0.0;;addressing the inaugural session of the third edition of the india-china high-level media forum here after co-chairing the first-ever meeting of the india-china high-level mechanism on people-to-people exchanges with chinese state councillor and foreign minister wang yi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said that modi and xi set the tone at the wuhan informal summit for deepening cultural exchanges and people-to-people cooperation.
;;0.7845;;both our leaders believe that improving people-to-people ties will help in boosting bilateral relations, sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;0.802;;expressing gratitude to the chinese side for taking a number of positive steps after the wuhan summit, sushmaswaraj swaraj said that both indian and chinese armies are cooperating with each other now.
;;-0.4404;;swaraj on november 16 said in a tweet that she was admitted to aiims because of a kidney failure.
;;0.5859;;when asked why he was not contesting in the lok sabha polls despite being the front runner from vidisha after union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced not to contest polls, chauhan said: vidisha is my home and there we are going to win.
;;0.0258;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said the indian government has taken up the matter with pakistan.
;;0.0;;swaraj also said that she had spoken with the father of sikh-american deep rai, who was shot outside his home in kent, washington, and was recovering in a private hospital.
;;-0.8779;;in a series of tweets on attacks in the us on india-origin persons last week, swaraj said, i am pained to hear about the killing of harnish patel, a us national of indian-origin in lancaster, south carolina.
;;-0.7579;;reacting to the attack on 39-year-old rai, swaraj said, i am sorry to know about the attack on deep rai, a us national of indian-origin.
;;-0.7351;;responding to a tweet by a person named rajeev sharma that his brother vinay mahajan had been kidnapped in serbia and the kidnappers were threatening to kill him unless paid money, sushmaswaraj swaraj said that mahajan had been found and was in safe custody of serbian authorities.
;;0.1779;;new delhi: two indian clerics, who went missing in pakistan, are safe and will be back in delhi on monday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on sunday.
;;0.0258;;swaraj asked indian envoy in nepal manjeev singh puri to look into the matter.
;;0.0;;@indiainnepal, swaraj said in reply to thadhani's tweet.
;;0.4019;;swaraj, who last week helped a bhopal family to get an admission for their infant baby in aiims, asked the man to approach his constituency's mp for help.
;;0.8442;;swaraj later said she was happy that representatives of all parties lauded the indian air force action and extended support to the government by rising above politics.
;;0.4019;;swaraj said she had convened the all-party meeting to brief the opposition parties where home minister rajnath singh, finance minister arun jaitley and parliamentary affairs minister vijay goel were also present.
;;0.0;;cpi leader d raja said that swaraj told the leaders that it was a non-military anti-terror operation.
;;-0.5719;;later responding to a zero hour mention by t subbarami reddy (cong) on hate crimes against indians in the us, swaraj said she would make a detailed statement on monday.
;;0.6369;;i have asked delhi government to provide him best medical treatment, swaraj said in a tweet.
;;-0.7579;;calling the statement of africans envoys unfortunate, painful and surprising, sushmaswaraj swaraj said, you cant say our steps are inadequate.
;;-0.886;;by ptiwuzhen: the pulwama attack is the direct result of the impunity and cover provided to the jaish-e-muhammed terror group by pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said wednesday as she forcefully raised the terror strike with her chinese counterpart wang yi here.
;;-0.914;;stating that the jem is banned by the un and other countries, swaraj told wang that this terrorist attack is the direct result of the impunity and cover provided to the jem and its leaders by the pakistani side.
;;0.4019;;swaraj, who arrived here early this morning, told wang that this is their first meeting this year and therefore an opportune time for the two sides to take stock of the bilateral relations and look ahead for cooperation.
;;0.5574;;referring to the wuhan summit between prime minister, narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping, swaraj said we have made substantial progress in relations.
;;-0.5106;;you cheated me, swaraj said in her opening statement at their bilateral meeting here.
;;0.0516;;swaraj said wang first told her that the ric ministers meeting would be held in shanghai and later sifted it to wuzhen, the historic city famous for ancient stone bridges, stone pathways and delicate wood carvings.
;;-0.7003;;by ptihyderabad: the government would bring a bill in the coming winter session of the parliament as part of its efforts to check the menace of nri husbands abandoning their wives, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said wednesday.
;;0.0;;swaraj, in her inaugural address at the youth pravasi bharatiya divas, said the indian diaspora has dramatically changed the world's perception of indians and our country.
;;0.6597;;swaraj, in her remarks, said the success of each and every indian immigrant is a testimonial to their unbeatable spirit, dedication and patience in the face of extreme hardships.
;;0.3818;;asserting that india is now a land of innovation and start-ups, swaraj said contribution of indian diaspora in technical field was exemplary with nearly 16 per cent of startups in the silicon valley having an indian co-founder.
;;0.0;;in the last four and a half years, the government has dismantled lots of rules and regulations and further opened up india's investment regime, swaraj said.
;;-0.9022;;new delhi: there is no report of any indian casualty so far in the terror attack near the uk parliament, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said tonight.
;;-0.296;;no meeting is scheduled either from their side or from our side, swaraj told a press conference on completion of three years of the government.
;;-0.743;;sushma swaraj said that pakistan persists in the belief that terror attacks will enable it to obtain the territory it covets.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the first phase of the implementation of the scheme to deliver passport-related services through post offices will start before march 31, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;-0.7269;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday said that amazon must tender an unconditional apology and withdraw all products insulting the tricolour, failing which no amazon official will get an indian visa.
;;-0.5859;;new delhi: india is following up with the malaysian authorities the reported abduction of an indian national in that country, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said tonight.
;;0.296;;replying to his tweet the same day, swaraj had said, i share your concern.
;;-0.2732;;the supply of these items is in the nature of emergency assistance to augment relief measures undertaken in the wake of severe drought faced by sri lanka, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told parliament in a written reply.
;;0.5423;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said that india will help out its sailors stuck in merchant ships at ajman in the united arab emirates (uae).
;;0.0;;taking to twitter, swaraj said, we have contacted the captains of the two vessels, ship owners, port authorities and the government.
;;-0.6705;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who communicated the union cabinets decision to the media, said it had almost become a fashion with celebrities who were misusing it to make their wives avoid labour pain.
;;-0.4404;;new delhi, november 16: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday announced that he was admitted to the leading aiims hospital in the capital owing to kidney failure and is presently on dialysis.
;;0.6486;;india is committed to strengthening your democratic institutions and socio-economic development of your people, sushmaswaraj said during her meeting with suu kyi.
;;0.6249;;by iansgandhinagar: highlighting the narendra modi government's focus on africa as a top priority in its foreign and economic policy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday said that strong india-africa relations would redefine the contours of the international order on more egalitarian lines.
;;0.743;;speaking at the inauguration of africa day during the vibrant gujarat summit here, sushmaswaraj swaraj said india's long-standing ties with africa had acquired vibrancy and dynamism during the last four years and the government had thus decided to open 18 new embassies and high commissions in the continent over the next few years, taking the total number to 47.
;;0.2023;;sushma swaraj said that prime minister modi had declared africa as top priority in india's foreign and economic policy, which would be guided by african priorities.
;;0.0;;sushma swaraj said a total of 189 projects in 42 african countries for nearly $11.
;;-0.5574;;new delhi: a 55-year-old indian woman, who was allegedly sold and tortured in saudi arabia, will return tomorrow, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;-0.7096;;new delhi: three indians stuck in a war zone in libya have been evacuated and are being brought back home, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said tonight.
;;-0.7096;;they are being evacuated from war torn libya at the public expense for the second time, swaraj said in a series of tweets.
;;0.7506;;turning to pakistan, swaraj said that india had offered the hand of friendship, and listed a number of initiatives india had undertaken without pre-conditions.
;;-0.8225;;pathankot, bahadur all, and uri, swaraj said referring to the major terrorist attacks on india.
;;-0.6597;;while speaking of terrorism - the biggest violation of human rights -- and its facilitators, swaraj said, it is important to ask, 'who is behind this and who benefits from it?
;;-0.9362;;swaraj said that terrorism is a matter of most critical importance to the world and spoke of the 15th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attack on new york earlier this month and the latest attack on the city as it prepared for the assembly session.
;;0.0;;those who do not return by 25th september will have to make their own arrangements for boarding, lodging and return journey, swaraj said in a series of tweets.
;;-0.5994;;during her visit to paris in june, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had announced the construction of a war memorial in france.
;;0.7717;;they gave hope to generations to come, by ensuring that our values and principles, which we hold sacred, are forever enshrined in our psyche and in our constitutions, swaraj said.
;;0.5423;;swaraj said india and south africa are marching hand-in-hand towards peace, prosperity and development.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during a question period in rajya sabha yesterday said that the indian government has asked for further information from washington before allowing deportations.
;;0.0;;speaking on the occasion, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the pravasi bharatiya kendra was not just an ordinary building but a memorial of the forefathers who had left india in search of work.
;;0.0;;on a reported remarks of a pakistani law officer that islamabad will take the kashmir issue to icj after india approached the global court in kulbhushan jadhav case, sushmaswaraj swaraj said, pakistan cannot take kashmir issue to icj.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, pl obtain british passport for baby lily (sic), swaraj said in a series of tweets.
;;-0.8625;;in a written reply to lok sabha, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the talks envisaged between indo-pak foreign secretaries to decide the modalities of the composite bilateral dialogue, agreed during her visit to islamabad in december 2015, could not take place due to the terrorist attack on pathankot airbase in january 2016 and other attacks last year emanating from pakistan.
;;-0.0772;;the government was also able to effectively neutralise pakistan's efforts to internationalise kashmir issue, and conveyed to india's interlocutors that normalisation of india-pakistan relations through a peaceful bilateral dialogue can take place only in a conducive environment free from violence and terrorism, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;in her response, swaraj said the indian government had opposed pakistans move the very day it got to know about it.
;;0.0;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said the government is following a case with the us police about an indian man who was shot at in california.
;;0.0;;in a series of tweets, swaraj said she has recieved a report from indian consulate in san francisco that an indian man identifed as mubeen ahmed, who was working at a gas station in california, was shot at by a gunman.
;;0.34;;tweeting on a separate issue, swaraj said the government has taken up with the canadian high commission the visa issue of indian badminton players, who are scheduled to play in canada at the yonex open.
;;0.8834;;wang also hoped that india and pakistan would improve their relations, to which swaraj said new delhi is willing to improve bilateral relations with islamabad and she hope that the two sides can make joint efforts to that end.
;;0.4019;;swaraj said the new government in india will continue to make the development of india-china ties a diplomacy priority and will further boost bilateral cooperation in all fields, the report said.
