;;0.4767;;for the record, lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj said the congress was responsible for todays happenings and it was playing a game.
;;-0.8957;;we strongly believe that our fight against terrorism should not only seek to eliminate terrorists but should also identify and take strong measures against states that encourage, support and finance terrorism and provide sanctuary to terrorists and terror groups, swaraj said without mentioning any country.
;;-0.5106;;on trade and investment, swaraj said that protectionism in all its forms should be rejected and efforts should be made to discipline measures that constitute barriers to trade.
;;0.0;;during the visit of then us secretary of state rex tillerson to india in november, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told the americans that india's trade with north korea had come down to a minimal.
;;-0.7964;;we reject the contention that there is inadequate evidence to prosecute him and his fellow conspirators, sushmaswaraj said.
;;-0.3089;;swaraj asked how the new legislation could provide immunity to the prime minister if the indian penal code and the prevention of corruption act did not accord him special treatment.
;;-0.7845;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday asked the uttar pradesh government for a report on the assault in the agra town that left the young couple with a fractured skull and a broken arm.
;;0.0;;sushma said: he says he is the son of a farmer.
;;0.3765;;aapko gaanth kholna nahi aata, aur maskari ke alawa kuchh bolna nahi aata (you cannot resolve any problem and cannot speak anything other than poking fun), sushmaswaraj said as lalu looked on with the hint of a smile, sushmaswaraj added: tareekh ki nazron ne voh daur bhi dekha hai.
;;0.0;;picture by prem singhnew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said india would stick to its time-tested policy of acknowledging only un-driven sanctions, responding to questions on how new delhi intended to deal with washington's sanctions on iran.
;;0.8271;;addressing the rally at benipatti in madhubani district in favour of the party candidate, hukumdeo narayan yadav, sushmaswaraj said: we are proud that we declared modi as the bjps prime ministerial candidate.
;;0.6652;;without taking name of nitish kumar and others, swaraj said: some people say its a crucial election for the jd(u) or the rjd but i say it is an election for making the country strong.
;;0.2195;;this is a very delicate matter, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said this morning.
;;-0.875;;20 (agencies): the 39 indian construction workers captured by the islamic state terrorist outfit in 2014 when it overran mosul in iraq are dead, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told parliament on tuesday.
;;-0.296;;dna tests had confirmed them to be those of the workers who went missing from mosul, swaraj told parliament.
;;-0.3818;;swaraj said the authorities in baghdad helped identify a mass grave at badosh village near mosul, following which deep penetration radar was used to locate the bodies, which were exhumed and sent for dna testing.
;;0.0;;his was a cock-and-bull story, swaraj said.
;;0.0366;;swaraj said she has previously maintained that the abducted indians would not be declared dead without substantive proof.
;;0.0;;swaraj said when is overan mosul, most iraqis left the city but indian and bangladeshi workers stayed back.
;;0.4767;;last year, swaraj had told the families of the workers that an iraqi official, quoting intelligence sources, had told gen.
;;0.4404;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said all passengers are safe.
;;0.6249;;inaugurating the nalanda university, sushmaswaraj said the varsity would be developed into an international centre of excellence.
;;0.0;;if an airport comes up here only, they would not face much hassle in travelling, said sushma.
;;-0.1531;;but barely an hour later, swaraj told family members of the abducted men when they met her here that iraq had told india the kidnapped workers were safe, the relatives said.
;;0.6369;;swaraj said the government was trying its best.
;;0.2144;;it is the party that decides, but i have made up my mind not to contest the next elections, sushmaswaraj said, in reply to a question.
;;0.0;;we will tell obama that too, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on monday, referring to the talks planned on september 29-30 between modi and us president barack obama.
;;-0.6808;;as a mother, i can understand the pain of a mother who loses a son on foreign soil, sushmaswaraj said.
;;-0.743;;all criminal acts should not be construed as racial attacks, sushmaswaraj told reporters after her meeting.
;;0.5321;;india's historical relations with africa rest on the foundation of brotherhood and solidarity and we should not allow such incidents to deflect from our historical friendship and close development partnership with africa, sushmaswaraj said.
;;0.0;;these were not premeditated acts against a particular community, sushmaswaraj said today.
;;0.5267;;inside the apartment, the anxiety of six weeks - judith had been abducted on june 9 - had been replaced by happy anticipation since external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had announced judith's rescue through a tweet early on saturday.
;;0.0;;however, external affairs minister swaraj said: other regional language versions of the website will be available in a phased manner.
;;0.7351;;sushma swarajnew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on thursday that on the auspicious occasion of diwali, india would grant medical visa in all deserving cases that are pending, as she responded positively to a number of such requests by pakistani nationals.
;;-0.1027;;when i questioned her in parliament, ms swaraj claimed disingenuously that hindi is spoken in mauritius, fiji, surinam, trinidad and tobago, and ghana.
;;0.1531;;supporting these views, swaraj said the accused officials had retired, grievances had been redressed and normality restored.
;;0.25;;swaraj also said that a congenial atmosphere had been created ever since r.c. deka had taken over as director and any action would only disturb the harmony of the institute, according to the minutes of the meeting.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said she had spoken to the home minister and delhi lieutenant-governor najeeb jung.
;;0.0;;sushma has asked v.k. singh and secretary in her ministry, amar sinha, to speak to the members.
;;0.0258;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said she had sought a report on the matter.
;;-0.5719;;sushma asked, in response to a question on the september 18 vote, the horror in her voice palpable.
;;0.3818;;sushma said on tuesday that she had repeatedly told the families that i have no evidence of their being either dead or alive - the equanimous position that governments and defence forces usually adopt to ensure that false hopes are not raised.
;;0.0;;the foundation had informed the indian mission in baghdad of the dna matches on monday, swaraj said.
;;0.34;;asked why the families were not informed first, sushmaswaraj said procedure demanded that parliament be taken into confidence.
;;0.1901;;sushma said the bodies of all but one had been identified with the help of dna samples collected last year and early this year from the relatives of the missing indians.
;;0.0;;that happened on july 9 last year, and minister of state v.k. singh left for mosul the following day, sushmaswaraj said.
;;-0.3447;;our government did not want to declare them 'missing and believed to be killed', sushmaswaraj said.
;;-0.5267;;since the setback in june, india has openly named and blamed china - beijing was responsible for blocking new delhi's application, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told parliament last month.
;;-0.2732;;it is wrong to say we created hype, sushmaswaraj told parliament.
;;-0.4767;;shedding more light on the incident, sushmaswaraj said she and her kids, who had woken up by the sound of the door being broken, were shoved into a room by the men carrying knives and pistols.
;;0.0258;;we didn't say that all these attacks were racially motivated, sushmaswaraj said, speaking in hindi.
;;0.3612;;thank you madam and khargeji, sushmaswaraj said, referring to speaker sumitra mahajan and congress lok sabha leader mallikarjun kharge.
;;-0.5106;;khargeji and cpm's mohammad salimji wanted to know why the government was silent, sushmaswaraj said, referring to a house debate during which members had questioned the normally ebullient prime minister's silence on these attacks.
;;0.0;;sushma said modi had asked her repeatedly about kuchibhotla's family even when he was busy electioneering during the past few weeks.
;;0.8779;;i would say that (the) prompt and clear response of the us political leadership and the law enforcement authorities to these incidents and the widespread messages of sympathy and support from all quarters in the us give us confidence that these incidents are acts of individuals and do not represent the overwhelming sentiments of the american people towards india, sushmaswaraj said.
;;-0.6486;;our special correspondentnew delhi: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said india was always ready for talks, amid speculation that the comprehensive dialogue with pakistan might resume after recent official and track-ii contacts, but asserted there was no change in the caveat that terror and talks cannot go together.
;;-0.128;;new delhi, march 31: two indian workers abducted earlier this month in south sudan were rescued yesterday, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
;;0.3612;;the correct news is that i am moving a privilege notice against the pm, sushmaswaraj said, back to making a political point on twitter after a lull.
;;-0.6293;;asked if the bjps stall-and-adjourn tactics might prove counterproductive to its long-term political interests as they had in the upas first tenure, sushmaswaraj today said: we did not want to create a constitutional crisis for the government or put a hurdle in the passage of the finance bill.
;;0.6705;;we also recognise that the maturity of our strategic relationship has given both sides the capacity to treat issues where we diverge as an opportunity for further conversation and dialogue, sushmaswaraj said in her statement.
;;-0.743;;in their talks, sushmaswaraj told kerry india was angry over reports that the us had spied on the indian embassy in the us and on the bjp, calling the snooping unacceptable.
;;0.34;;absolutely, sushmaswaraj said, in response to a question on whether she had articulated indian concerns over the alleged snooping by the us national security agency.
;;-0.2023;;sushma told kerry india was unwilling to review its nuclear liability law, opposed by us companies as too loaded against suppliers of nuclear equipment.
;;0.0258;;it is their domestic matter, sushmaswaraj said.
;;0.9153;;while i am pleased with our efforts today, to be truly satisfied, we must build on these efforts to deliver the best possible results from the prime ministers visit, sushmaswaraj said.
;;-0.1531;;the prime minister had prefaced his statement in the lok sabha with an appeal to reflect on the global implications of the turmoil in the arab world, an iqbal couplet, a compliment on her oratorical skills and a taunt to l.k. advani, said sushmaswaraj , the bjps leader in the lower house.
;;0.296;;sushma said she refused to get distracted with sidelights like sting operations on the trust vote.
;;0.4019;;sushma said the party would flag the wiki issue in anti-corruption rallies it plans to stage across the country from april 6.
;;0.0;;but through the 45-minute conversation, chidambaram was unyielding, the source said, adding that swaraj asked him: but why are you hung up on thomas when you have two more names before you?
;;-0.5859;;26: india's flagship diaspora outreach initiative, the pravasi bharatiya divas (pbd), has yielded no outcomes over its 13 editions so far, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today, in a criticism that struck at three governments including her own and clouded other efforts at bipartisanship.
;;0.0;;i didn't see any outcomes from the earlier pbds, sushmaswaraj said, when asked whether the government had compiled the outcomes of the earlier editions.
;;0.0;;this time, people will not just come, take selfies, eat and go, sushmaswaraj said.
;;0.3612;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, in an address to parliament last week, said the modi government was ready to assume more of a leadership role in the world than its predecessor.
;;0.8979;;india's external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on friday in a series of tweets that pakistan had also assured india of the safety, security and freedom of movement of the mother and wife.
;;0.0;;sushma readily said she would put up the proposal before the central election committee.
;;-0.6249;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told the rajya sabha on wednesday that prime minister narendra modis presence in nepal helped avert the flood threat to bihar.
;;-0.6369;;sushma, to a question from jdu mp sharad yadav, said the threat was averted after nepal drained out excess water from the artificial dam created on the sunkosi (a tributary of the kosi in the himalayan country).
;;0.0;;sushma asked.
;;-0.4973;;if someone does not agree to something once, it doesn't mean they will never agree to it, sushmaswaraj said, referring to beijing.
;;0.0;;sushma said india would never sign the npt.
;;-0.296;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said no such proposal was on the agenda during her recent visit to bangladesh.
;;-0.3182;;lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj said 2011 began with the return of the bofors ghost.
;;0.0;;sushma said that while she understood the feelings of the numerous members and workers who wanted to contest an election, the bjp could choose only one candidate from each constituency.
;;0.6124;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who met bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina in dhaka on sunday, said it is clear that normalcy will only be restored with the return of the displaced persons to rakhine state.
;;-0.4723;;a fair probe will nail the partys complicity in this scam, said sushmaswaraj swaraj, leader of the opposition in the lok sabha.
;;0.0;;indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said she too had spoken to pompeo.
;;0.4939;;indias external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had recently said the constitution (119th amendment) bill, 2013, which seeks to ratify the agreement will be discussed at the parliamentary standing committee for external affairs before it is introduced in parliament.
;;0.0258;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said she has written to rajya sabha chairman hamid ansari that the matter was neither admissible.
;;0.0;;in this case we have diplomatic relations with both countries, sushmaswaraj said.
;;0.0;;he was alluding to the churning in the nda when over a month ago lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj announced that the bjp would not back vice-president hamid ansari for the presidents post because he lacked the requisite stature.
;;0.607;;sushma had earlier said the bjp would not have problems endorsing kalam if his candidacy was sponsored by mulayams samajwadi party.
;;0.4767;;on friday itself, before sushmaswaraj asked the mission to take up the issue with the bangladeshi authorities, media reports from rangpur had said the district administration had arranged for relief materials for the predominantly hindu village.
;;-0.0516;;last year, after some hindus were attacked in brahmanbaria, sushmaswaraj had asked the mission to convey to bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina india's concern about the safety and well-being of the minority community.
;;0.0;;sushma had said that chidambaram had baldly stated in a meeting to finalise the cvcs name that thomas had been let off in a palm oil corruption case.
;;-0.5095;;new delhi, april 5: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said pakistan's move to declare gilgit-baltistan in pakistan-occupied kashmir as a new province was totally unacceptable.
;;-0.296;;sushma said india had firmly rejected islamabad's move and the government was committed to a resolution by both houses of parliament that says the whole of kashmir belongs to india.
;;0.079;;to even doubt that this government will allow any part of kashmir to go in itself is very wrong, sushmaswaraj said, adding that the government was bound by the resolution of parliament and also by the commitment of her party.
;;0.0;;sushma said: we have not even thought about it.
;;0.8126;;yesterday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told parliament that india would go out of the way to ensure justice for jadhav, an innocent kidnapped indian.
;;-0.8519;;prem singhterrorism is destroying lives, destabilising regions and putting the world at great peril, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said at the organisation of islamic cooperation (oic) meeting on friday and asserted that war against the menace was not against any religion.
;;0.6705;;they practice their respective beliefs and live in harmony with each other and with their non-muslim brethren, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;lets see what happens in the next session (budget session), said sushma.
;;0.0;;while sushmaswaraj said off and on that the issue of his continuance was open, bangalore mp kumar rarely concealed his chief ministerial aspirations.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said she had sought information from the uttar pradesh government on the incident.
;;0.8625;;indias solidarity with the palestinian people and its stance to the palestinian question was inspired by its own freedom struggle led by mahatma gandhi who supported the rights of palestinian people in his lifetime, sushmaswaraj told a meeting of the non-aligned movement on the margins of the un general assembly.
;;0.0;;in a series of tweets, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said, south sudan - i am aware of the developments in south sudan.
;;0.4588;;modi and xi will discuss overarching long-term and strategic matters concerning the future of china-india relations, and try to improve communication between them, foreign ministers wang yi and sushmaswaraj swaraj said after holding talks here on sunday.
;;0.0;;15: sushmaswaraj swaraj today said manmohan singh was the prime minister but not the leader of the country as she used industry chamber ficci as a platform to target the centre politically.
;;0.5499;;manmohan singh is the prime minister but he is neither the leader of his party nor the country, swaraj told ficcis annual general meeting.
;;0.8126;;swaraj claimed the bjp was playing the role of a responsible opposition but remained silent on whether her party would support ficcis demand for a uniform goods and services tax.
;;0.0;;the message was communicated to visiting us secretary of state rex tillerson during bilateral discussions, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;0.3182;;fielding a question on whether india planned to shut down its mission in pyongyang and cut trade ties with north korea in view of us pressure to check currency flow that helps fund the asian country's nuclear and ballistic missile programme, sushmaswaraj said the issue did come up for discussion at the bilateral engagement earlier in the day.
;;0.0;;in her statement, sushmaswaraj said she took up the issue with him.
;;-0.7461;;(pti photo)new delhi, may 28 (pti): there cannot be any comprehensive dialogue with pakistan till it shuns terrorism, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on monday, asserting talks were not appropriate while people are dying on the border.
;;0.0;;in a tweet addressed to jerome on friday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said: she is your sister and india's daughter.
;;0.0;;swaraj also said there are some deficiencies in papers related to mallya's extradition, ramesh added.
;;0.0;;we need to understand the diversity of this country, that a teekhi naakwala (person with a sharp nose) and chaptee naakwala (person with a flat nose) all belong to india, sushmaswaraj said.
;;0.6249;;sushma said the eight northeast states (including sikkim) were like eight sisters of the country and it was everyones responsibility to protect children from the region.
;;-0.7184;;on the attacks on hindus and other minorities in bangladesh, swaraj said: more than 3,000 people have been arrested.
;;-0.3818;;asked why only minority hindus from neighbouring countries were being given indian citizenship, swaraj said the facility was available to all prosecuted refugees.
;;0.0;;at the un this week, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had asked pakistan to introspect about its human rights record, including in balochistan.
;;-0.743;;sushma told adityanath that the uttar pradesh police's response could determine whether india is able to mitigate the damage to tied with nigeria, caused by the attack, an official familiar with the conversation told this newspaper.
;;0.0258;;government of india is seized of the matter - we are taking immediate action, sushmaswaraj said, in a post on twitter.
;;0.4019;;sushma said the 16th lok sabha would pass the bill, which seeks to reserve 33 per cent of the seats in parliament and state legislatures for women, and sought the oppositions support.
;;0.6808;;i would seek your support to pass the bill in the lok sabha, sushmaswaraj said while participating in the discussion over the motion of thanks to the presidents address.
;;0.6249;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and us secretary of state rex tillerson, after holding wide-ranging talks here, said islamabad needed to take concrete action against terror groups to ensure peace and security in the region, particularly in afghanistan.
;;-0.7717;;swaraj said pakistan must dismantle the terror infrastructure, insisting that any country backing terror groups must be held accountable.
;;-0.2023;;swaraj said she raised the issue of h1b visa with him and requested tillerson not to take action that might adversely affect indians.
;;0.3182;;in a tweet today, sushmaswaraj said: the truth is that i brought this fact (of thomass impending trial) to the notice of the prime minister and the home minister in the meeting.
;;0.2732;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had told parliament that it had been agreed that the media would not be given close access to the family.
;;0.0;;lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj reportedly said: let the government first announce and then we can debate.
;;0.0;;sushma, however, said the new controversy involving isro, could be included as a term of reference.
;;-0.4767;;the foreign ministry today said sushmaswaraj had asked the telangana government for a report on yesterday's attack in hyderabad.
;;-0.5994;;we don't have any other demand from the government, they had assured us that our family members were safe, manjeet said, hours after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced in parliament that the 39 indians abducted in iraq's mosul had been killed.
;;0.0;;further tests are needed in one instance as the dna samples were not from the parents or siblings but other relatives, sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;-0.4404;;sushma swaraj, leader of the opposition in the lok sabha, said the bjp wanted a cbi probe into the cash-for-votes scandal that would examine all protagonists, including l.k. advanis former political aide sudheendra kulkarni.
;;0.0;;new delhi, may 28: the din of bombs going off buries the sounds of dialogue, prime minister narendra modi told his pakistan counterpart during talks yesterday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said here on taking office today.
;;0.0;;he (modi) conveyed this in these words to nawaz sharif), swaraj said.
;;0.2263;;swaraj said she got the impression that the saarc leaders thought india has now got a government that thinks out of the box and a prime minister who thinks out of the box and there will be new initiatives.
;;0.6478;;asked if the new government will give more importance to countries like japan as compared to the us, swaraj said it was not proper to compare indias relations with the two countries.
;;-0.296;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday said in the rajya sabha that there is no controversy regarding the rafale deal, except in the minds of opposition leaders.
;;-0.296;;to this, swaraj said, anandji, there is no controversy.
;;-0.2732;;to a query raised by shiv sena member sanjay raut if there was any discussion on the rafale deal during the recent visit of french foreign minister jean-yves le drian to india, swaraj said, there was no discussion on the matter.
;;0.4939;;to another query on the jaitapur nuclear power project, swaraj said that an agreement had been signed on march 22, 2016 to set up a plant.
;;0.5859;;opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj told reporters her party was not informed that the speaker had accepted the motion moved by some congress members.
;;-0.4215;;riled by the speakers decision to let rahul gandhi sermonise to us on the lokpal ahead of members who had served notices to speak during zero hour, sushmaswaraj said matters were aggravated by the proposed discussion on a desultory motion under a rule that did not entail voting.
;;0.0;;to islamabad's claim that the indian deputy high commissioner could have objected to the change in attire there and then, sushmaswaraj said this was made impossible by the pakistanis as they had taken the women away without informing him.
;;-0.5574;;sushma said india had sent a note verbale to pakistan on wednesday, voicing new delhi's concerns about violation of the agreed terms for the visit and cautioning pakistan against attempting any mischief with the shoes of jadhav's wife.
;;-0.765;;what was on display was a serious and gross violation of human rights of the family members of shri jadhav, sushmaswaraj said.
;;0.5719;;we are happy that the cadres and the leadership are with gadkari, sushmaswaraj said.
;;0.0;;on monday, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said the two countries were conducting a feasibility study on mamata's alternative proposal to provide water from three other rivers to bangladesh in place of the teesta.
;;-0.6908;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said if jadhav is executed, india would see it as a pre-meditated murder.
;;0.0323;;i would caution (the) pakistan government to consider the consequences for our bilateral relationship if they proceed on this matter, swaraj, who read out from a statement, told both the houses.
;;0.5859;;swaraj said india would go out of the way to ensure that jadhav gets justice and asserted that there was no evidence of wrongdoing by the former indian navy officer.
;;0.0;;swaraj, who was present in the house, said a statement on the issue would be made on thursday.
;;0.4767;;sushma also said all passports for adopted children would henceforth be issued only after an approval from the women and child development ministry.
;;-0.4767;;sushma asked india's consul-general in houston to ensure that the murder of baby saraswati @sherinmathews is taken to a logical conclusion.
;;0.0;;to this day, the government has not given a single reason why a jpc is not being set up, said lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj.
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said during a meeting here that visa was one of the areas of concern for foreigners and indians living abroad.
;;0.4588;;17: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has asked ministry officials to hunt for permanent residences in mecca to house indian pilgrims, a move that has enthused sections of the muslim community otherwise wary of the new government.
;;0.0;;but sushmaswaraj has asked her officers to trace four buildings in mecca  owned by the princely state of junagadh before independence  as property that could potentially be refurbished and used as residences for indian pilgrims, senior government officials have told the telegraph.
;;0.0;;they are all my children  my sons and daughters  whatever their religion, sushmaswaraj said.
;;0.0572;;but sushmaswaraj has unambiguously told the ministry that she does not intend to leave control of the haj and its preparations, officials said.
;;0.2716;;the northeastern region is strategically very important as it borders with china, myanmar and bangladesh, said swaraj, whose speech was delivered in absentia at the function at the state convention centre during the inauguration of passport seva kendra here.
;;0.4215;;underlining the need to factor in inputs from the point of view of foreign and defence policy, internal security and international trade, swaraj said her immediate priority is to build the required infrastructure right up to the border areas, establishing connectivity and communication links to cross-border points.
;;0.6597;;to realise the objectives of ner vision 2020, swaraj said the look east policy is being vigorously pursued since the take over of the bjp-led nda government, adding that the focus of the government is to improve connectivity and promotion of trade and investment and cultural exchanges with bangladesh, myanmar, thailand and other asean countries.
;;0.6705;;setting up passport seva kendras in the northeast is my ministrys firm commitment to provide closer and better passport services to our fellow citizens, swaraj said.
;;0.2263;;as union ministers harsimrat kaur badal and hardeep singh puri prepared to cross the attari-wagah border on foot, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in hyderabad in the morning that bilateral dialogue and kartarpur corridor are two different things.
;;0.0;;bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj told a delegation, led by activist binalakshmi nepram, that section 153a ipc was adequate and the protesters should not insist on a separate anti-racism legislation.
;;-0.5719;;asked if the 2g scam could eventually singe the prime minister and some congress leaders, sushmaswaraj said: we need proof before making a charge.
;;0.2732;;even if there has been a loss of parliaments debating time, we are confident that this protest, coupled with our forthcoming battle from parliament to the people, will cleanse the process for a fair system of the allocation of natural resources, sushmaswaraj said.
;;-0.6705;;replying to the prime ministers charge that the bjp had negated democracy by stalling parliament, sushmaswaraj said: he was the opposition leader in the rajya sabha (during nda rule) and used these tactics to paralyse parliaments working on babri, the kafan (coffin) scam.
;;0.8402;;addressing an election rally at dhaka high school playground in favour of party candidate rama devi from the sheohar parliamentary constituency as well as the bjp candidate from chiraiya assembly segment, where bypoll is scheduled for may 7, sushmaswaraj said: i have come here with a request to the people of this area to send rama devi to parliament for the second time in order to strengthen the hands of narendra modi.
;;0.296;;in the presence of state bjp president mangal pandey, sushmaswaraj said: narendra modi is the only ray of hope to relieve the country of the present crisis on every front for which the bjp should be given a period of 60 months to prove its worth.
;;0.5106;;speaking about the enormous hike in price of fertilisers, sushmaswaraj told the large number of farmers present in the rally that the bjp was always opposed to foreign direct investment for the interest of small traders in the country.
;;-0.4767;;addressing another rally at gopalganj, sushmaswaraj said the congress misrule ruined the country.
;;0.9413;;only the bjp is capable of bringing hope, progress, happiness, prosperity and development and making india a super power, sushmaswaraj said.
;;0.3612;;we have built iits but you have built lets, we have built iims but you have built jems, sushmaswaraj had said, asking what pakistan had created.
;;-0.7003;;we also need to work and fight together to eliminate international terrorism in brics, un security council and its various committees, sushmaswaraj told a youth conclave held under the banner of the brazil-russia-india-china-south africa (brics) grouping here.
;;0.0;;at a press briefing after the meeting with kerry, swaraj said, negotiations are on way at geneva, and they are continuing.
;;-0.6249;;yesterday, sushmaswaraj told the rajya sabha that prime minister narendra modis presence in nepal helped avert the flood threat to bihar.
;;-0.6369;;sushma, to a question from jdu mp sharad yadav, had said the threat was averted after nepal drained out excess water from the artificial dam created on the sunkosi (a tributary of the kosi in the himalayan country).
;;0.4767;;swaraj said all passports for adopted children would be issued only after an approval from the ministry.
;;-0.802;;swaraj said the three countries had very productive talks on economic issues and the fight against terrorism.
;;-0.1027;;the pakistani foreign office issued a statement after media reports claimed sushmaswaraj asked high commissioner sohail mahmood to drop all charges against jadhav and send him back to india as a precondition for progress in bilateral ties.
;;0.0;;on tuesday evening, (hours after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced in parliament that all 39 indians taken hostage by the is in mosul in 2014 were dead), a police officer came to our home and told us we would receive a message.
;;0.2846;;this time, a strong government will be talking to obama, sushmaswaraj said, her voice level but firm.
;;0.2716;;and more than the invitations, the fact that they came (to the swearing-in) was really significant, sushmaswaraj said.
;;0.6486;;but it is in dealing with strength with the us, china and pakistan that the modi government was different from its predecessor, sushmaswaraj said.
;;0.6124;;agreements are made with countries, not with governments, so the pacts inked by previous governments are a legacy we have received, sushmaswaraj said, asked whether the modi government would seek amendments to pacts like the indo-us nuclear agreement that the bjp had criticised while in opposition.
;;-0.4939;;the civil nuclear liability law, which us firms blame as too draconian, will not be amended, sushmaswaraj said.
;;0.1124;;that is not acceptable, sushmaswaraj said, referring to the secretary of states visit to india end-july, days after revelations that american security agencies had in 2010 sought federal permission to snoop on the bjp.
;;0.744;;the prime minister makes the point that (just) like we are not scared of elections, you should not be scared of examinations, sushmaswaraj said.
;;0.296;;sushma said such recognition required a two-thirds majority vote among the un's 193 member-countries and for them to share the expenditure.
;;-0.1027;;bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj told reporters that bandyopadhyay of trinamul, t. siva of the dmk and e. ahamed of the muslim league questioned the timing of the decision.
;;-0.6808;;earlier, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said she had received confirmation that no indians were hurt.
;;-0.296;;new delhi: an oil tanker with 22 indians on board that was reported missing off the coast of benin in west africa on february 1 has been found, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on tuesday.
