;;0.296;;he always talked about his country and helping people, and taught our daughter to do the same, said sushma.
;;-0.5719;;new delhi: asserting that lokpal bill has a lot of flaws, bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj said it seems that the government has introduced the bill in anger.
;;0.5719;;emphasising that the bill is meant to provide an enabling framework, swaraj said government now says we make it mandatory because states like gujarat have failed to create effective lokayuktas.
;;0.128;;remove your confusions first, sushmaswaraj swaraj said, asking the government to tell the house if the creation of similar anti-corruption institutions in states was mandatory or optional.
;;0.6124;;swaraj said, bjp will support the bill if the government makes the changes suggested by the house otherwise i request you with folded hands, return this bill and bring a fresh one in the next session.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the government has information that 23 passports belonging to sikh pilgrims have been misplaced by pakistan high commission, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told parliament on wednesday.
;;-0.5267;;swaraj said the missing passports had been declared as lost in the government database to prevent misuse.
;;0.4497;;but in september, addressing the nam (non-aligned movement) committee on the palestine cause on the sidelines of the unga, foreign minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj said, indias expanding relations in the region would strengthen the palestinian cause.
;;-0.3818;;addressing a press conference here on sunday, swaraj said, this is a fight between three captains.
;;0.0;;taking a dig at the previous ashok gehlot government for not opening suitable passport seva kendras (psks), swaraj said that under vasundhara raje government, 17 such offices were set up.
;;0.2584;;one of them is in bikaner now, where anyone can get a passport without worrying to travel a lot, said swaraj.
;;0.0;;swaraj said, this is a year of milestones.
;;0.5994;;giving a major push to the northeastern region, swaraj said, our northeast region will prosper when there is a greater collective push with southeast asia.
;;0.4939;;swaraj told reporters, we both are also working in strengthening our ties in space sector.
;;-0.8176;;the ideology of hate which the terrorists would like to spread has no place in our societies, swaraj said while addressing the first session of the dialogue.
;;-0.9382;;no business development can take place in a country suffering from terrorism, swaraj said, adding that terrorism erodes all avenues of development which a country can have.
;;0.6486;;address at the shanghai cooperation organisation +sushma swaraj: need for indians and chinese to learn each other's language i want to say that the way india and china's relation are strengthening, trade is increasing, we are working together on international forums, it has become increasingly important that you learn hindi and we learn chinese, sushmaswaraj swaraj said in beijing.
;;-0.8957;;we strongly believe that our fight against terrorism should not only seek to eliminate terrorists but should also identify and take strong measures against states that encourage, support and finance terrorism and provide sanctuary to terrorists and terror groups, swaraj said without mentioning any country.
;;-0.5106;;on trade and investment, swaraj said that protectionism in all its forms should be rejected and efforts should be made to discipline measures that constitute barriers to trade.
;;0.4019;;an overwhelming majority of members have expressed their desire to see these negotiations continue on the basis of a text, swaraj said.
;;0.4939;;this is evident from our involvement with the international north-south transport corridor, the chabahar port development, the ashgabat agreement, india-myanmar-thailand highway project and bangladesh-butan-india-nepal initiative among others, swaraj said.
;;0.34;;swaraj said she had spoken to jadhav's mother, avantika jadhav , and informed her about pakistan's assurance.
;;0.2263;;new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday told the rajya sabha that the french government is satisfied after the supreme court cleared the air over the rafale fighter deal and said the scam lies only in the mind of the opposition.
;;-0.2732;;swaraj said, there was no discussion on the matter.
;;-0.0286;;speaking at her annual press conference, swaraj said india is not against talks with islamabad we have never said that we dont want to have dialogue with pakistan but then theres a caveat.
;;-0.34;;comprehensive dialogue and terror cant go together, said swaraj.
;;-0.6361;;the fact is that our pakistan policy has led to its isolation among the international community and now it is under a lot more pressure (on the issue of terrorism), said swaraj.
;;0.0;;swaraj said mea during congress rule was an elitist ministry and had nothing to do with the common people.
;;0.0;;according to purohit, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said that geeta is india's daughter and her marriage will be organized by the government.
;;0.0;;toi highlighted the problem of mohammadia begum on january 7, 2017 following which union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj asked indian high commission in pakistan to provide help.
;;0.7692;;but ties with maldives are not broken and cannot be broken, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said in her annual press conference on monday when asked about the maldives.
;;-0.1779;;nagpur: union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday said the biggest achievement of her ministry was the help provided to indians in distress abroad.
;;0.0;;the push to nation first credo made all this possible, swaraj said.
;;-0.296;;we will spare no effort, swaraj said on twitter.
;;0.0;;while in badush, he spent three nights sleeping on the floor in a small room, swaraj said.
;;-0.5187;;earlier this month, swaraj had told parliament that as many as 40 indians were abducted by terror group isis from mosul in iraq in june 2014, but one of them escaped posing as a muslim from bangladesh.
;;-0.4588;;new delhi: union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said india will take up at the highest level the issue of forced conversion of sikhs in pakistan.
;;0.0;;however, local congress leader sushmaswaraj , who was also present at the spot, said, bjp leaders have connections with gang leaders.
;;0.4019;;mumbai: i request union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to help bring my husband back from pakistan , said a teary-eyed sajida , wife of pakistani national siraj khan who was deported to his home country from mumbai on monday following court orders.
;;-0.914;;stating that the jem is banned by the un and other countries, swaraj told wang that this terrorist attack is the direct result of the impunity and cover provided to the jem and its leaders by the pakistani side.
;;0.4019;;swaraj who arrived here early this morning told wang that this is their first meeting this year and therefore an opportune time for the two sides to take stock of the bilateral relations and look ahead for cooperation.
;;-0.7845;;new delhi: an emotional reunion between kulbhushan jadhav and his wife and mother was used as a propaganda weapon by pakistan, which grossly violated the human rights of the women and presented them as widows, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told parliament on thursday.
;;-0.8481;;there can be no greater insult than this, swaraj said as mps shouted shame, shame as she referred to pakistani officials forcing jadhavs mother avanti and wife chetna to remove their bangles, bindis and mangalsutras.
;;0.0;;swaraj said jadhavs mother avanti told her that the absence of her mangalsutra prompted jadhav to ask about his father.
;;0.4767;;while jadhavs meeting with his mother and wife was portrayed by pakistan as a humanitarian gesture, the truth was that both humanity and compassion were missing, swaraj said.
;;-0.9413;;swaraj said india had issued a note verbale to pakistan expressing its disappointment and condemnation of the violation of an understanding over how the meeting was to proceed and warned pakistan against any mischief with regard to chetnas shoes that were not returned to her with pakistani officials later claiming they were being screened for suspected listening devices.
;;-0.296;;swaraj said avanti was repeatedly interrupted by two pakistani officials present in the meeting.
;;0.0;;among other suggestions, swaraj said bapus birth anniversary celebrations can be held across 193 countries with a standard programme.
;;0.4215;;co/b9858jzymz  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) 1513792789000new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced that medical visas have been approved for three pakistani nationals.
;;0.0;;mumbai: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said that her ministry is in the process of getting jinnah house , the sea-facing city bungalow of pakistan founder mohammad ali jinnah, transferred in its name.
;;0.0;;in a letter to city bjp legislator mangal prabhat lodha, swaraj also said that her ministry will refurbish the bungalow on the lines of hyderabad house in delhi.
;;0.0;;pmo has now accorded necessary approvals, swaraj said in her letter to lodha.
;;0.3612;;speaking on the occasion, swaraj said there was a need to find a solution to india's expanding trade deficit with china even as she expressed satisfaction over increasing trade and investment ties between the two countries.
;;-0.1027;;while our bilateral trade is on the rise, we also need to find a solution to the continuously increasing trade deficit, swaraj said in presence of wang.
;;0.7096;;beijing: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday asked indians and chinese to learn each other's language as it will help them overcome communication barriers, resulting in further strengthening the relationship between the two nations.
;;0.0;;i should be able to understand chinese when you speak, and you should be able to understand hindi when i talk, swaraj said.
;;0.2584;;so that when indians visit china they don't face difficulty, and when chinese visit india, you don't require an interpreter, swaraj said.
;;0.886;;swaraj said during her meeting with chinese foreign minister wang yi on sunday, she had told him that people are the biggest strength for any foreign minister and when people of two countries love each other, it only strengthens the governments.
;;-0.0387;;earlier in a series of tweets on saturday, swaraj said,mr. foreign minister of- your 'googly' remarks in a dramatic manner has exposed none but you.
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said in parliament that they had about 98  match for remains of 38 workers.
;;0.0;;over the past few years, swaraj said they had tapped several sources in different countries to get information.
;;0.6705;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , the senior-most minister present in the house, said she favoured the women's quota bill and continued to support it.
;;-0.0258;;this story is from december 2, 2018external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at a function on saturdaydownload the times of india news app for latest cityjaipur: launching a scathing attack on congress, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj says that congress leaders and its party workers are in dilemma over the religion and the caste of congress party president rahul gandhi the dilemma continues over congress will able to enter into a mahaghatbandhan or not, if they make a mahaghatbandhan will rahul gandhi will be its leader or not, said swaraj, in a presser held in jaipur on saturday.
;;-0.4767;;sharpening her attack, swaraj says that gandhi for years attempted to make his secular image.
;;0.0;;gandhi is his rallies taking the name of rani laxmibai but it appears that he forgot rani padmini, said swaraj, while making a point that gandhi in his rallies not taking the name of rani padmini, the queen of chittorgarh in thirteenth century.
;;0.3182;;taking on the poll promise made by the gandhi of waving farmers loan in the first ten days, swaraj says that why they have not done in the states where they are ruling.
;;0.6808;;in the ease of doing business, india has improved from 142 rank during the congress regime to 77rank at present, said swaraj.
;;-0.1877;;we are taking our cooperation forward in the indo-pacific region, which will not only benefit these two countries but also other countries in the region, swaraj told reporters.
;;0.2732;;in the context of the fact that france's ariane centre recently launched india's heaviest satellite, swaraj said that both the countries are working in strengthening ties in space sector and also leading the fight against climate change.
;;0.8176;;swaraj said the summit was meant to reduce friction between the two countries, improve common understanding of global issues and increase mutual trust.
;;-0.296;;swaraj also said that contrary to what had been suggested there was no change at the doklam face-off site in bhutan.
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , in a letter to mumbai bjp legislator mangal prabhat lodha, had said the government was in the process of renovating jinnah house.
;;-0.2732;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said on wednesday that the centre has already launched an institutional mechanism and the passports of 25 nri men have been revoked recently for abandoning their wives in india.
;;-0.6249;;however, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in her statement had said on tuesday that masih had cooked up his story that he was taken into a jungle with his compatriots where is terrorists had shot them.
;;-0.9072;;our fight against terrorism should not only seek to eliminate terrorists but should also take strong measures against states that encourage, support and finance terrorism and provide sanctuary to terrorists and terror groups, swaraj said in beijing.
;;-0.1779;;senior congress mps from punjab, ambika soni and partap singh bajwa , said swaraj repeatedly told them that the abducted indians were alive whenever they raised the issue.
;;0.0;;according to soni, swaraj said in parliament, a person is captive when his communication snaps.
;;0.4141;;swaraj said it was significant that the pakistani government had helped india's efforts to bring uzma back despite the tension in bilateral ties.
;;0.0;;swaraj said while the counsel treated uzma as his child, the judge dealt with the case on humanitarian grounds and not through the prism of india-pakistan relations as some people wanted him to.
;;0.4939;;i heaved a sigh of relief as soon as she crossed the wagah border, swaraj said.
;;-0.9062;;beijing: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday said that terrorism is an enemy of the basic human rights and the fight against it should also identify states that encourage, support and finance the menace and provide sanctuary to terror groups.
;;-0.4215;;countering the government's allegation that bjp rather than congress is responsible for sabotaging the bill by introducing 187 amendments, bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj said that while bjp's position remained the same as it was in ls, it was government's ally trinamool congress that radically changed its stand.
;;-0.3182;;swaraj said the upa could have taken several other steps to save the bill but intentionally decided to dump it.
;;-0.09;;they also had the third option of simply deferring the debate until the next session but they decided to orchestrate a drama,'' swaraj said.
;;-0.4588;;there can be no greater insult than this, swaraj said, as she referred to pakistani officials forcing jadhav's mother avanti and wife chetna to remove their bangles, bindi and mangalsutra.
;;0.4019;;swaraj said, her government had engaged with 186 out of 192 members of the un.
;;0.3612;;on maldives, swaraj said there would be no cutting off ties with maldives, though india was in the position of a counsellor to maldives, advising them on the best way forward.
;;0.0;;in ties with maldives, whichever government has been in power, there have been ups and downs, swaraj said.
;;0.6369;;separately, swaraj said the government was engaged with the us to ease the visa situation for indians.
;;0.6369;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) 1496205568000kabul/new delhi, may 31 (ians) all indian embassy staff in kabul are safe, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said after a huge explosion rocked the afghan capital on wednesday morning.
;;-0.6808;;as swaraj said, one of the focus areas in the trilateral was terrorism.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 21, 2018sushma swaraj (pti)indore: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday said she will not contest the 2019 general election citing health reasons.
;;0.2144;;its the party that decides (the candidature) but i have made up my mind not to contest the next lok sabha elections, swaraj told mediapersons here.
;;0.6697;;replying to a question on mp has gone missing posters being put up in her constituency, swaraj said, i won two lok sabha polls from vidisha and during my first eight years, i was quite active as i used to visit all eight assembly constituencies every month.
;;0.0;;indore: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday said india had two days ago sought diplomatic access to former navy officer kulbhushan jadhav who is currently in a pakistani jail after being convicted there for spying.
;;0.0258;;this matter is listed for hearing in february, swaraj told reporters here.
;;-0.5719;;in a swipe at the opposition congress, swaraj asked, but why has this (deportation) caused discomfort to the congress?
;;-0.6671;;on the rafale fighter aircraft purchase, which is at the centre of an acrimonious tussle between the ruling bjp and the congress, swaraj said it was not an issue and claimed it could not become a poll issue in mp despite the congress's best efforts.
;;-0.6486;;swaraj has previously said that she could not declare the men dead without evidence of their fate.
;;-0.0258;;in a move to pre-empt any criticism by the opposition that it had given false hopes to family members of the workers, swaraj said on tuesday that masihs story was incorrect.
;;-0.6369;;also, with a heavy heart, i want to say that those people have been killed, swaraj said.
;;-0.296;;as late as july 2017, swaraj had said in parliament that there was no concrete evidence to confirm the deaths as she had said three years earlier too on november 24, 2014.
;;0.3818;;swaraj has said in the past that the issue had been taken up with heads of state and governments and, as she told the families in 2016, in one case palestinian president mahmoud abbas had said the workers were still alive.
;;-0.5106;;only a week earlier, swaraj had said her junior minister, v k singh, had got information from iraq, after mosul was liberated on july 9, that the indian workers had been kept in badush prison.
;;-0.7717;;swaraj said the government still had no information about exactly when the workers had been killed.
;;0.0;;the plane carrying the mortal remains will first go to amritsar, then to patna and then to kolkata, swaraj said.
;;0.0258;;swaraj said indian troops acted only to prevent infiltration and cross-border incursions.
