;;-0.5106;;two indian petroleum engineers who were abducted in south sudan have been released, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on friday.
;;0.802;;the icj order has come as a great relief to the family of kulbhushan jadhav and people of india, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;-0.4939;;in new delhi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said india would raise the airspace violation with china.
;;0.0;;we discharged jagga a few months ago, says sushmaswaraj , chief anm (auxiliary nurse midwife), aiims cn tower 6.
;;0.4019;;swaraj had asked indian ambassador ahmad javed to help the indian workers and send her a report.
;;-0.0516;;last year, swaraj had asked indian workers who lost their jobs to file claims for unpaid wages and assured them that the government would pay for their repatriation.
;;-0.5267;;swaraj said pilot arunaksha nandy died in the incident on sunday even as two doctors were seriously injured and admitted to an intensive care unit in a bangkok hospital.
;;0.0;;i have spoken to the father and mr.k.k.shastri brother of srinivas kuchibhotla in hyderabad and conveyed my condolences to the family, swaraj said.
;;-0.3847;;india has not accepted a list of 271 people deemed as illegal migrants by the united states authorities pending the verification of their nationality, union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told rajya sabha on thursday.
;;0.6908;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on wednesday india is open to regional connectivity initiatives that are inclusive, sustainable, transparent and respect the principles of sovereignty and territorial integrity during the meeting of the foreign ministers of the shanghai cooperation organisation in kyrgyzstan.
;;0.7003;;indias commitment to regional connectivity is evident from our involvement in international north-south transport corridor, chabahar port, ashgabat agreement and india-myanmar-thailand trilateral highway, sushmaswaraj swaraj said at the meeting of the grouping of central asian republics led by china and russia, according to news agency ani.
;;0.34;;as many as 301 indian fishermen are currently lodged in jails in pakistan which has confirmed the presence of only 77 of them, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on thursday, adding the indian government is making all efforts to secure their release.
;;0.0258;;swaraj said government has been regularly taking up the matter of consular access, early release and repatriation of the apprehended indian fishermen in the custody of pakistan authorities at various levels.
;;0.3182;;swaraj said the government is continuously monitoring the status of indian fishermen in pakistan custody and accords high priority to securing their early release and repatriation.
;;-0.7506;;this is an act of premeditated murder, swaraj said in the rajya sabha, stressing that the indian government will leave no stone unturned to save hindustan ka beta jadhav.
;;0.34;;narrating the nda governments initiatives for people, swaraj said the ruling partys poll plank will be on three issues- security, development and welfare.
;;-0.7579;;/2  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 5, 2017in another post, swaraj said sardar harpal singh said his son had a bullet injury on his arm but was out of danger and is recovering at a private hospital.
;;-0.743;;the fate of the 39 workers was unclear till last month when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said they were dead.
;;-0.6486;;singh said that both the state and the central government are sensitive to the issue and that during her meeting with families of the dead in delhi, swaraj had asked them to give details of a family member who can be given a government job.
;;-0.8176;;the february 14 suicide terror attack in pulwama and the easter bombings in sri lanka have strengthened indias resolve to fight terror and boost security cooperation within the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco), external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on wednesday.
;;0.9001;;india is also committed to support any process that allows afghanistan to become a united, peaceful and stable country, swaraj said in her address at the meeting of the council of foreign ministers of sco states in bishkek, the capital of kyrgyzstan.
;;-0.7918;;our wounds of pulwama attack were still raw and the news from the neighbourhood has made us more determined to fight firmly [and] resolutely against this menace, swaraj said.
;;0.8439;;swaraj said india wants to strengthen cooperation within the sco framework for comprehensive and sustainable security and is open to ideas for making the regional anti-terrorism structure (rats) of sco more effective.
;;0.5423;;india and pakistan became full members of sco in 2017 and swaraj said in her speech that new delhi is committed to measures aimed at boosting economic and trade cooperation with the members of the grouping.
;;-0.296;;india has asked pakistan for an update on the whereabouts of two muslim clerics from delhis hazrat nizamuddin dargah who have gone missing in karachi, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on friday.
;;-0.4215;;but the duo went missing after landing in karachi airport from lahore, swaraj said in a series of tweets.
;;-0.5106;;/4  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 17, 2017asifs family said the two men left for pakistan for march 6 and had their return flight scheduled on thursday, which they failed to make.
;;0.4215;;strategic affairs expert c uday bhaskar said that the dialogue is taking place at a time when two sides are having a flux in their respective geopolitical outlook.
;;0.3818;;we are making all efforts (through diplomatic channels) to ensure these bills are not passed, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in the rajya sabha in march.
;;0.0;;swaraj said.
;;0.0;;which is why we are saying india and pakistan are two different cases, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;swaraj said though men and women are working, the workload on women is far more, said a government source.
;;-0.4404;;in a set of tweets late on friday, swaraj said she had received a report from the indian high commissioner to bangladesh, harsh shringla.
;;0.0;;swaraj also asked the indian students to remain in touch with the indian mission in dhaka.
;;0.4215;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has announced the release of five indians from kerala who were jailed in togo and appreciated the indian mission in and consulate in togo for their support.
;;-0.6249;;at the sco foreign ministers meet earlier, swaraj said: there are a number of challenges that are being faced by the world today, foremost being the threat of global terrorism and the imminent need to build a strong security architecture to combat it.
;;-0.775;;the fight against terrorism should not only seek to eliminate terrorists but should identify and take strong measures against states that encourage, support and finance terrorism and provide sanctuary to terrorists, swaraj said without naming any country.
;;0.6908;;swaraj said india wants to strengthen cooperation within the sco framework for comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable security.
;;0.0;;while referring to connectivity projects within sco countries, swaraj said: connectivity with sco countries is indias priority.
;;-0.8885;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on wednesday that the government was sparing no effort to trace kerala priest tom uzhunnalil, who was kidnapped in war- torn yemen by terror group islamic state (is) in march 2016.
;;0.7351;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told the 160 delegates from 11 asean nations that it was ramayana and buddhism that united them and the challenge was to strengthen and build on those ideals.
;;0.0;;addressing the valedictory session of the six-day india-asean youth summit here on friday, swaraj said muslims make idols and lord hanuman in indonesia and believe it to be part of their culture and there are statues of a prostrating arjuna before lord krishan seeking guidance in several squares, showing the spread of indian mythologies through indians who settled there centuries ago.
;;0.7783;;swaraj peppered her address with quotes from vivekanand and ideals taught by buddhism, swaraj said there was no higher bliss than peace which was evident in the teaching of buddha.
;;-0.2023;;read: come tomorrow for re 1 fee, swaraj told harish salve; died an hour laterindia has lost a great leader.
;;0.296;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said last month that china would share data on the two rivers.
;;0.4939;;strategic affairs expert brahma chellaney, who specialises in water issues, said, under the bilateral agreement between the two countries, china is bound to release hydrological data on brahmaputra and sutlej from may 15 till october 15 as india has already paid for the data.
;;0.0772;;he (adityanath) has assured that there will be a fair and impartial investigation into this unfortunate incident, swaraj said in series of tweets.
;;-0.8271;;in; 02086295950; 01212123217  india in the uk (@hci_london) may 23, 20174:40pm: indias external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj says no reports of any indian casualty in the manchester attack so far.
;;-0.4404;;a woman hailing from kerala has been stabbed in kuwait and the indian mission there has taken up the incident with authorities at the highest level, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;0.3612;;the informal summit between prime minister narendra modi and chinese president x jinping in wuhan last month saw them developing the kind of rapport that the two leaders can now speak to each other directly on any issue of importance, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said at her annual press conference on monday.
;;-0.8779;;commenting on pakistan at the same conference, swaraj said that it was clear that talks and terror could not go on at the same time, referring to terror strikes in india by pakistan-based terror groups.
;;0.0;;swaraj said the informal summit between modi and xi enabled the two leaders to discuss issues without any listed agenda.
;;0.4357;;so this informal summit has established this ease, swaraj said.
;;0.2732;;swaraj said her government had undertaken unprecedented outreach in terms of indian leaders visiting countries, many of which had never seen a high-level visit from this country.
;;0.6705;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had recently said both sides should first pull back their troops for any talks to take place, favouring a peaceful resolution of the border standoff.
;;-0.0516;;union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said all officials of the indian high commission in stockholm were safe after an attack took place on the streets close to the mission.
;;0.0;;indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in a string of tweets that the government was in touch with us agencies.
;;-0.2732;;swaraj, who was contacted by jaryals family from hoshiarpur, said the victim had arrived in the us only 25 days ago.
;;-0.875;;2) harish salve charged re 1 to fight kulbhushan jadhav case at icj: sushmaswaraj swarajharish salve, who fought indias case at the international court of justice against the death penalty given to kulbhushan jadhav by pakistan, has charged re 1 as fee, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;-0.6249;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has asked for a report from the uttar pradesh government about the violence.
;;0.4019;;later, swaraj told the rajya sabha the indian high commission in pakistan was told three hours after the verdict that new delhi could be given conditional consular access to jadhav provided new delhi accepted pakistans position on the case.
;;-0.969;;watch hindustan times facebook live video:here are updates on the incident:12:23am: british pm theresa may says thoughts with those killed, injured and their families in appalling westminster terror attack, afp quotes 10 downing street12:06am: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj says no indian casualties in london terror attack, adds that she is in constant touch with indian high commissionindian high commission is there to help all indian nationals in london.
;;0.0;;the indian high commission has asked the pakistan government for consular access to mumbai man hamid nehal ansari, who is in the custody of the pakistan army, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in a tweet on saturday.
;;0.0;;swaraj asked ambassador ahmad javed to initiate action for the workers release from the saudi company.
;;0.0;;we are not just talking with the us authorities (on h-1b visas), we are talking with logic and concrete statistics, swaraj told the rajya sabha during question hour.
;;-0.4019;;swaraj had earlier said there was no reason to worry about the curbs on h-1b visas or job security of indian it professionals in the us.
;;0.0;;addressing a press briefing in new delhi on monday, swaraj said that prime minister narendra modi addressed lakhs of indians in janakpur during his visit there earlier this month.
;;-0.2732;;swaraj had said that no prime minister before modi had tried to reach out to the indian diaspora on such a large scale.
;;0.0;;swaraj said she would take up the issue with the home ministry, which was in the process of pruning the list.
;;0.0258;;swaraj said she had been pursuing the matter.
;;-0.4939;;they must withdraw all products insulting our national flag immediately, swaraj said in a tweet.
;;-0.8658;;no pakistani soldier or civilian died in the air strike on a terror camp at balakot in pakistan in february, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said thursday.
;;-0.0258;;swaraj said the air strike was carried out in self- defence.
;;0.2023;;lauding prime minister narendra modi, swaraj said he has emerged as a top international leader who sets the agenda for the world.
;;-0.9485;;on the 2008 mumbai terror attack, swaraj said the then congress-led upa government had failed to take along other countries to isolate pakistan despite the fact that 40 persons belonging to 14 countries were also killed in the strike.
;;0.4019;;india-us ties progressing, engaged with trump govt on h-1b visa issue: swarajexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said india-us ties are progressing under the trump administration as they were during the obama presidency and the pace had not slowed down.
;;0.0;;when saudi government settles with the companies which have closed down, your dues will also be paid, swaraj had said.
;;0.128;;amid protests by indian medical students in bangladesh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on friday that the government is in contact with authorities there and advised students to remain in touch with the mission in dhaka to reach a solution.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on thursday that the government was following a case with the us police about an indian man who was shot at in california.
;;0.0;;in a series of tweets, swaraj said she has received a report from indian consulate in san francisco that an indian man identified as mubeen ahmed, who was working at a gas station in california, was shot at by a gunman.
;;0.34;;tweeting on a separate issue, swaraj said the government has taken up with the canadian high commission the visa issue of indian badminton players, who are scheduled to play in canada at the yonex open.
;;-0.6705;;officials of the indian consulate general in houston are in touch with the wife of srinivas kuchibhotla, an indian engineer who was killed in a shooting incident in kansas state, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on friday.
;;0.0516;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on tuesday that she had spoken to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath over a suspected racial attack on african students in greater noida, assuring immediate action on the matter.
;;-0.6249;;soon after the incident, swaraj asked for a report from the uttar pradesh government about the violence.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said india-us ties are progressing under the trump administration as they were during the obama presidency and the pace had not slowed down.
;;0.5023;;we are not asking them to put pressure on china, but use its good offices, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told a news briefing on monday about how india planned to get into the 48-member group that controls trade in nuclear know-how.
;;-0.3839;;this is completely not true, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said about trumps claim while announcing the us exit from the paris deal last week.
;;0.128;;trump alleged that india had made its participation in the accord contingent on receiving foreign aid from developed countriesindia signed the paris agreement because of indian culture and ethos and not under duress or out of greed, swaraj said.
;;0.4939;;sushma swaraj, however, said the american move on the paris climate agreement had not changed india-us ties and the relationship between the two countries was progressing as it did during barack obamas presidency.
;;0.0;;since the trump administration came to power, ties have not flagged but have progressed with same pace as under the (previous) obama administration, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told media earlier this month.
;;0.0772;;we havent got any indication that they (the us) want to dilute this relationship, swaraj had said.
;;0.0;;when the prime minister travels there (later this month) this is one of the issues he is planning to raise, swaraj had said.
;;-0.8625;;in a written reply to lok sabha, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the talks envisaged between indo-pak foreign secretaries to decide the modalities of the composite bilateral dialogue, agreed during her visit to islamabad in december 2015, could not take place due to the terrorist attack on pathankot airbase in january 2016 and other attacks last year emanating from pakistan.
;;-0.0772;;the government was also able to effectively neutralise pakistans efforts to internationalise kashmir issue, and conveyed to indias interlocutors that normalisation of india-pakistan relations through a peaceful bilateral dialogue can take place only in a conducive environment free from violence and terrorism, swaraj said.
;;-0.5994;;india has achieved success in getting pakistan isolated even among islamic countries in the aftermath of the terror attacks, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said friday.
;;-0.765;;harish salve, who fought indias case at the international court of justice against the death penalty given to kulbhushan jadhav by pakistan, has charged re 1 as fee, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
;;0.6124;;india abides by sanctions imposed by the united nations and not those imposed by any other country, such as ones announced by the united states against iran, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on monday.
;;0.0;;swaraj said indias decision on ties with iran or its position on sanctions is independent of any other country.
;;-0.296;;india follows only un sanctions, and not unilateral sanctions by any country, swaraj said, after being asked about indias response to the us decision to impose sanctions against iran.
;;-0.296;;at her press confreence, swaraj also said clarified that india had no plans to use venezuelas local cryptocurrency petro in paying for oil imported from the latin american nation, which too is facing us sanctions.
;;-0.0772;;swaraj, who described the woman as indias daughter, said she felt sorry for all that you have gone through.
;;0.5207;;swaraj said despite the tension between the two neighbours, the pakistan foreign office and the home ministry played a key role in her return.
;;0.0772;;following his tweet, swaraj asked for sharmas phone number so that her staff could contact him.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said one of the deceased was an indian national on a visit to us while others were persons of indian origin.
;;-0.0191;;chowkidar sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 7, 2019at a rally in santuri in purulia in west bengal on tuesday, the west bengal chief minister said, money doesnt matter to me.
;;-0.296;;no meeting is scheduled either from their side or from our side, swaraj told a press conference on completion of three years of the government.
;;-0.2732;;07pm: charges against kulbhushan jadhav are concocted, says swaraj in rajya sabha.
;;0.0323;;56am: i would caution the pakistan government to consider the consequences for our bilateral relationship if they proceed on this matter, says swaraj.
;;-0.6908;;this is an act of premeditated murder, says swaraj in rajya sabha.
;;0.4019;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said that india will go out of the way to ensure justice to jadhav who is an innocent kidnapped indian and his execution will be taken as a pre-meditated murder.
;;0.4019;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on monday india placed a higher premium on the safety of its citizens than strategic partnership with the united states, amid a surge in attacks against members of indian diaspora in that country.
;;0.0;;addressing the rajya sabha, swaraj said: strategic partnership is secondary.
;;0.3624;;responding to questions raised by members, swaraj said the government did not view these attacks as a law and order matter.
;;-0.4404;;swaraj said india would not stay mum over these attacks for the sake of strategic partnership with the us.
;;0.4215;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on monday that india will only abide by sanctions by the united nations.
;;0.0;;uzma told ali she could get some cash for him from her relatives at the high commission, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told ht.
;;0.0;;wait in the car with her, swaraj told singh.
;;0.0;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said india would go out of its way to save kulbhushan jadhav, a former navy officer facing death on allegations of spying in pakistan, and appoint good lawyers to get the guilty verdict overturned.
;;-0.2732;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on thursday an impartial probe will be held into the attacks on africans in greater noida after nigeria asked the indian government to ensure the immediate arrest and prosecution of those responsible.
;;-0.5994;;india received a report on the shootout incident resulting in the death of its national in us and was coordinating with the investigative agencies, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on saturday.
;;0.7184;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj recently said both sides should first pull back their troops for any talks to take place, and favoured a peaceful resolution of the border standoff.
;;0.0258;;in a series of tweets, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the matter had been taken up with the pakistan government, which had been asked to give an update on the whereabouts of the clerics.
;;-0.296;;/4  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 17, 2017however, swaraj said both clerics went missing after arriving in karachi.
;;-0.5719;;a man responsible for the killing of a 26-year-old indian man in santa clara county of california last week has been arrested, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on monday and assured all assistance to the family of the deceased.
;;0.7184;;taking strong objection to rahul gandhis remarks on the treatment meted out to bjp veteran l k advani by the party, senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday asked the congress president to maintain some decorum in his comments.
;;-0.5423;;the peoples liberation army (pla) on tuesday dismissed new delhis concerns over its military helicopters violating the indian air space, hours after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the incident would be raised with chinese authorities.
;;0.34;;the pla denial comes after swaraj emphatically said on monday the matter would be raised with competent chinese authorities.
;;-0.7184;;swaraj said dr kosanam, who has suffered a bullet injury, will be brought back to india shortly.
;;-0.0772;;india is ready for talks with pakistan if it stops supporting terrorists, said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday.
;;-0.5267;;terror and talks dont go together, said swaraj in delhi at a press conference.
;;0.5267;;today, indians living overseas are living peacefully, swaraj said.
;;0.0;;most of the traders kept waiting for water the entire say, said sushma.
;;0.0;;in new delhi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the government was ascertaining the impact of the spat on indians.
;;-0.2023;;the united states has responded positively to indias concerns over a string of recent race attacks, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told parliament on wednesday, describing such violence as stray incidents that did not reflect the sentiment of most americans.
;;-0.1027;;speaking in the lok sabha on mounting attacks on indians on us soil, including the fatal shooting of techie srinivas kuchibhotla in kansas last month, swaraj said the safety and security of indians living abroad was a top priority for the government.
;;-0.8934;;read | kansas shooting: heres why indias reaction to kuchibhotlas killing was mutedreplying on the issues related to the killing and atrocities on indians in the us, swaraj said, even if there is one indian in trouble we try to solve (the problem) in 24 hours.
;;-0.6486;;these are stray incidents and they dont reflect the sentiments of entire america towards indians, swaraj said, her first remarks on the attacks that have alarmed the indian-american community.
;;0.4215;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday night said doctor ramamurthy kosanam, an indian who was kidnapped in libya 18 months ago, has been rescued .
;;-0.7184;;swaraj said dr kosanam, who has suffered a bullet injury, will be brought back to india shortly.
;;-0.3182;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on thursday she was surprised and pained at the charge by some african nations that india is a xenophobic country after multiple attacks on nigerian students in greater noida in uttar pradesh last month.
;;-0.296;;swaraj also told the lower house that she asked her deputy mj akbar to speak to nigerian diplomats about her telephonic conversation with the up chief minister and brief them about the development in the case.
;;-0.5574;;last week, swaraj said an impartial probe will be held into the attacks after nigeria asked the indian government to ensure the immediate arrest and prosecution of those responsible and that the centre has sought a report from the state government.
;;-0.1877;;the new us administration under president donald trump has so far not announced any comprehensive policy changes impacting high-skill visa programmes, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said.
;;0.0;;asked about the foreign aid received or donated by india, swaraj said india has been providing more aid to foreign countries than it has been receiving annually in the last three years.
;;-0.7615;;foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, after a series of such incidents last year, had told the rajya sabha, these were not any kind of racial attacks but spontaneous and criminal.
;;0.6597;;swaraj, known for extending a helping hand to people who approach her through social media, said, her sympathies are with him.
;;0.0258;;in a series of tweets, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the matter had been taken up with the pakistan government, which had been asked to give an update on the whereabouts of the clerics.
;;-0.296;;/4  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 17, 2017however, swaraj said both clerics went missing after arriving in karachi.
;;0.0258;;external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the indian government has taken up the matter with pakistan.
;;-0.34;;during the phone call, swaraj said india should be allowed to import iranian crude for some more time without being impacted by us secondary sanctions as the general election is underway in the country, and that the next government with a fresh mandate will take a final call on this issue, the people added, asking not to be identified.
;;0.6526;;dont make the mistake of remaining silent like bhishm pitamah, swaraj said, using the mahabharat example of kauravas disrobing draupadi in the presence of the bhishm pitamah who had then cited loyalty to the chair for his inability to act.
