new delhi: the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on wednesday said that pakistan cant deny the presence of terrorist networks like the let and haqqani, as it is a well known fact that they operate freely and fiercely on and from its soil with active state support.
osama bin laden was living in pakistan while the whole world was looking for him and pakistan was completely in denial.
so ,if the united states secretary of state (john kerry) clearly says that whether its the let or the other organisation in pakistan that is obviously based on information and is open information now.
pakistan cant even pretend about it, because these terrorist networks operate freely, fiercely, and also with active state support, bjp leader nalin kohli told ani.
asserting that india and the u.s. are engaging on a number of levels, kohli said tuesday's joint statement press conference by kerry and his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj also focussed on pakistans role.
pakistan has been trying to mislead this fight against terror which is picking up globally.
there is a concept of good terrorist and bad terrorist.
wherever terrorists from pakistan have come and hurt and killed indian citizens, they have not moved against those perpetrators of terror.
now, i think the global community, including the u.s. in particular, is also sending out a message that pakistan needs to provide justice to the victims of terror, he added.
echoing similar sentiments, another bjp leader srikant sharma told ani that terrorism has become a challenge for humanity and the whole world is today united against it.
terrorism is an enemy of humanity.
those who are still under the misconception of good terrorism and bad terrorism should come together and be united against terrorism.
curbing terrorism totally will be good for the world, he added.
the united states and india have agreed to boost counter-terrorism cooperation by expanding intelligence sharing about known or suspected extremists and terrorist threats.
india has blamed pakistan-linked groups for the attacks.
we reaffirmed the urgent necessity for pakistan to dismantle safe havens for terrorists and criminals networks, including let, jem and the d-company, she said.
on his part, kerry said, the u.s. continues to support all efforts to bring the perpetrators of 2008 mumbai and 2016 pathankot attacks to justice.
echoing the indian foreign ministers remark, kerry also said that the u.s. cant and wont make a distinction between good and bad terrorists.
u.s. stands with india on all matters of terrorism, no matter where it comes from; its crystal clear we are on the same view over it, he said.
but he did say he had spoken recently with pakistani officials about the need for pakistan to deprive any (terrorist) group of sanctuary.
he specifically named the haqqani network that operates in afghanistan as well as the lashkar-e-taiba, which has been blamed for attacks in india.
it is vital that pakistan join with other nations in tackling this challenge, and in fairness, in recent weeks and months they have been moving more authoritatively, kerry said.
by ptibeijing: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today met her chinese counterpart wang yi and discussed a host of bilateral issues and ways to step up the pace of high-level interactions to improve the relationship.
swaraj arrived here yesterday on a four-day visit to take part in the foreign ministers' meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco).
she was received by wang at the diaoyutai state guest house in beijing ahead of their bilateral meeting.
this was their first meeting after wang was elevated as state councillor last month which makes him the top diplomat of the country in the chinese hierarchy.
he also continues to be the foreign minister.
in her initial remarks, swaraj congratulated wang on being elevated as state councillor and appointed the special representative for the india-china boundary talks.
this shows how much trust your leadership has in your abilities, and i think your new responsibilities will improve india-china relations, she said.
we will work closely with the chinese leadership to take india-china cooperation to new heights, she said wang said the bilateral ties have witnessed a good development and shown a positive momentum this year under the guidance of the leaders of the two nations.
on the eve of the closing of china's national people's congress this year, president xi jinping received a very important phone call from prime minister narendra modi.
he said the call spurred a positive momentum in the dialogue process between the two countries.
our two leaders had in-depth exchange of views and reached important consensus on furthering the china-india relationship.
we must work very hard to implement the consensus between our two leaders.
eam @sushmaswaraj concluding her press statement wishing foreign minister of china wang yi all success for sco foreign ministers meeting on 24th april.
pic.
twitter.com/f1noz4yfjv  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) april 22, 2018india's membership to the sco has expanded the orgainsation's potential and its influence, as well as providing a new platform for the india-china cooperation and i believe that india will make a positive and energetic contribution to the organisation, wang said.
their meeting is part of efforts by the two countries to step up the pace of high-level interactions to improve relations, official sources here told pti before the meeting.
following the dokalam standoff last year both countries increased dialogue to scale down tensions and improve relations with talks at various levels.
swaraj and wang are meeting in the immediate backdrop of the recent meeting between national security advisor ajit doval and top official of the ruling communist party of china (cpc) yang jiechi in shanghai.
new delhi: massimiliano latorre, one of the italian marines accused of killing two indian fishermen in 2012, moved the supreme court on thursday seeking an extension of his stay in italy till the end of his arbitration.
the apex court is set to hear the case on september 20.
latorre wants to stay in italy till international arbitration tribunal decides over which country has the right to try the case.
this development comes after ministry of external affairs (mea) yesterday clarified that no assurances between two countries took place and added that the marines would remain under the jurisdiction of supreme court of india.
massimiliano latorre and salvatore girone, who were on duty as security guards on-board italian-flagged commercial oil tanker mv enrica lexie, were arrested by the indian authorities on february 2012 after they shot dead the fishermen off the coast of kerala.
during meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her italian counterpart paolo gentiloni held on september 4 in rome, italy reportedly, urged india to allow the two marines to stay back home.
the italian side conveyed that the presence of the two marines in italy was conducive to restarting high level exchanges in all fields, the hindu quoted a diplomat.
following the report, a twitter user posed a question to swarup, saying is it true that italyhas asked marines to remain in italy to boost bilateral ties?
ref.
today's report in @the_hindu (sic).
in his reply he said, no such assurance was sought or given.
marines remain under jurisdiction of supreme court of india.
matter is under arbitration.
lattore is presently in italy on medical grounds after he suffered heart stroke in 2014 and girone, on the other hand, was also allowed to return on 'humanitarian grounds' in may this year.
the case is presently pending in the permanent court of arbitration in the hague to adjudicate on whether india or italy has the jurisdiction to extradite the accused marines after italy approached on december 11, 2015 asking the tribunal to prescribe that india shall take such measures as are necessary to relax the bail conditions on sergeant girone in order to enable him to return to italy under the responsibility of the italian authorities, pending the final determination of the tribunal.
the tribunal on april 29, this year, ruled that italy and india shall cooperate, including in proceedings before the supreme court of india, to achieve a relaxation of girone's bail conditions to give effect to the concept of considerations of humanity, so that girone, while remaining under the authority of the supreme court of india, may return to italy during the ongoing arbitration.
however differences emerged between two countries following the verdict as india claimed that the verdict upholds the supreme court's authority, while italy believes that it vindicates their stand that india has no jurisdiction.
new delhi: an indian student, who was allegedly brutally assaulted in poland and was claimed to have died, has survived the attack, according to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
swaraj tonight spoke to the indian ambassador to poland ajay bisaria regarding the assault on an indian student in poznan city whose name was not disclosed.
there was an incident of beating.
fortunately, he has survived.
we are inquiring into all aspects of the incident.
https://t.
co/uo9hj171ab  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 31, 2017swaraj sought a report from the envoy after she was approached by a netizen who informed her about a news item in polish media regarding the death of an indian student after being severely beaten up.
there was an incident of beating.
fortunately, he has survived.
we are inquiring into all aspects of the incident, she tweeted.
this is from mr.ajay bisaria, indian ambassador in poland.
@amit02a https://t.
co/pjdlfpv6vo  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 31, 2017bisaria had earlier tweeted, prelim enquiry suggests student attacked in poznan tram on wed.
thank god, he survived.
getting details.
new delhi: the indian delegation to the vatican for the much-awaited canonisation ceremony of mother teresa is riven by differences.
several political leaders going to the ceremony are refusing to be part of the official delegation.
the nun is to be declared a saint by pope francis at the vatican on september 4.
the bjp government has found itself in a spot with political leaders belonging to opposition parties  bengal chief minister mamata banerjee, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, representatives of the left front government in kerala and the jd(u) government of bihar  refusing to be partof the official delegation.
they may also not attend the official celebratory dinner to be thrown by the indian government in the vatican.
but the congress has agreed to be part of the official delegation led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the kerala congress  a mainly christian party  has also decided to send its lone mp with the delegation.
the 11-member delegation also includes goa deputy cm francis dsouza, supreme court judge kurian joseph, national peoples party mp conrad sangma, lawyer harish salve and catholic bishop council of india bishop secretary-general theodore mascarenhas.
union minister harsimrat kaur is also expected to be part of the delegation.
politics is playing spoilsport in a holy event like this.
we wanted the indian delegation to look united but it is not so, an official involved in the finalisation of the official delegation told express.
the government invited states to send representatives to be part of the official delegation.
but mamta and kejriwal said they would rather go to the vatican as part of the missionaries of charities delegation, having received an invitation from the order.
mamata has also announced a dinner for those missioneries of charity invitees on the same date as the official dinner.
new delhi: prime minister narendra modi on friday described egypt as a natural bridge between asia and africa following bilateral talks between him and visiting egyptian president abdel fattah el sisi.
in our conversation, president sisi and i have agreed to build on multiple pillars of our cooperation, modi said in a joint media statement with sisi following delegation-level talks here.
egypt is a natural bridge between asia and africa, he said.
as ancient and proud civilisations with rich cultural heritage, we decided to facilitate more people-to-people ties and cultural exchanges, he said.
sisi arrived here on thursday on a three-day official visit to india at the invitation of president pranab mukherjee.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on him in the evening, and during the meeting sisi described ties between egypt and india as old and very resilient.
sisi will be hosted for a banquet by president mukherjee on friday evening.
this is the first presidential visit from egypt to india since the visit of then president mohamed morsi in 2013.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will hold a high-level meeting with her sri lankan counterpart mangala samarweera in new delhi today to sort out the fishermen issue.
the meeting comes days after the fishermen associations of both the countries failed to reach a common ground to resolve the issue.
fishermen based in sri lankan north have been claiming that their livelihood is affected due to the bottom trawling practised by indian fishermen and their poaching into sri lankan territory.
the fishermen from tamil nadu and puducherry are opposed to sri lankan navy arresting them and seizing their boats.
though the fishermen are released on humanitarian grounds, their vessels are not returned by the sri lankan government.
nine indian fishermen in sri lankan custody were released this week ahead of today's meeting.
the issue was raised by president maithripala sirisena and prime minister of sri lanka ranil wickremesinghe during their meeting with prime minister narendra modi last month and both sides had agreed for a high-level meeting.
new delhi: the heart of asia conference might help in re-invigorating the relations in south asia by bringing a thaw in the strained indo-pak relation.
in the first high level visit from pakistan since the pathankot terror attack, its prime ministers advisor on foreign affairs sartaz aziz will be arriving in india to attend the conference in amritsar in the first week of december.
whether the visit will bring thaw in the relation of the two nuclear-powered neighbours that are exchanging firepower from big guns along the line of control (loc) in complete contravention to the 2003 ceasefire agreement and both sides are witnessing civilian and military casualty.
after days of statements about aziz attending the conference, pakistan on wednesday sent an official confirmation.
we have received an official confirmation from pakistan that aziz would be attending the heart of asia conference on afghanistan, ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup said.
the conference will take place in amritsar in the first week of december and will see representatives of over 40 countries and raising investments for re-development and re-construction of war-ravaged afghanistan.
prime minister narendra modi and afghan president ashraf ghani will also be addressing the ministerial conference.
officials did not comment if any bilateral meetings on the margins of the conference will be planned to defuse the tension between the two countries, as aziz has been contending.
pakistan media has quoted aziz saying: unlike india, that had sabotaged saarc summit in pakistan by pulling out, pakistan will respond by participating in the heart of asia (conference) being held in india.
it's a good opportunity to defuse the tension.
it remains unclear so far if azizs counterpart external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will be attending the conference as she has been unwell.
the duo had met on the sidelines of the 2015 heart of asia conference and has announced revival of comprehensive bilateral dialogue that could never take place.
both the countries summoned each other's diplomats to protest the ceasefire violations on the loc.
the year 2016 had begun with the attack on pathankot airbase.
india had provided an unprecedented access to islamabads officials to the base to substantiate the claim that the terror act was planned in pakistan territory.
however, pakistan called it a false flag operation done by the indian armed forces.
this was followed by nawaz sharif governments rhetoric on kashmir following the killing of the hizbul mujahideen commander burhan wani.
experts see sharifs tough posturing in kashmir coming as his name figured in panama leaks and he was fending off mysterious posters calling for a coup from pakistan army general raheel shareef.
things took a turn for worse following the uri terror attack that saw claimed lives of 19 soldiers that was avenged by india by publicly admitted surgical strike.
india and other member countries boycotted the saarc summit scheduled in islamabad citing cross border terrorism vitiating the atmosphere in the south asian region.
new delhi: india on monday said it had been engaged in preserving environment for 5,000 years, dismissing us president donald trump's charges that it signed the paris pact to get billions and billions and billions of dollars from developed nations.
she, however, said the american move on paris climate agreement had not changed india-us ties.
india signed the paris agreement not because of any pressure on out of greed.
we are committed to the environment and this commitment is 5,000 years old.
we worship nature.
it is in indian ethos.
i clearly dismiss both accusations, she told reporters on three years of modi government.
on the proposed us cap on h-1b visas which could affect indian professionals, the minister said new delhi was in talks with us congress and trump administration officials.
yes, the concern is there, she said, and added no changes have been made in the visa policy as of now.
there are amendments that cannot be made through executive orders, she asserted and denied that the proposed changes in the policy had affected india's relationship with the us.
the minister said the ties between india and the us since trump took charge were growing with the same speed as was the case when barack obama was the president.
there has been no change (in the ties).
we are moving forward as we were moving.
unsatisfied by the minister's reply during the question hour, the congress members including former prime minister manmohan singh staged a walkout.
congress leader anand sharma in his supplementary query demanded that the government make public the minutes of the meeting of prime minister narendra modi and former french president fracois hollande held last year on the rafale deal in a bid to settle the controversy once for all.
controversy is there in your mind.
all the controversy issues that you (congress) raised, the supreme court has clarified on each of them.
please don't use the word controversy again.
she said, the whole country knows there is no controversy.
the supreme court has cleared each issue.
if you still think there is a controversy, then no one can reply.
on that day, the supreme court verdict (on rafale deal) was pronounced.
he (french minister) was very happy.
he expressed joy and felt there was no need to have discussion, she said.
on the indo-french fund for developing script for co- production of films, the minister said the french delegation had visited mumbai and had discussion with representatives of bollywood besides meeting the state chief minister.
france's edf and india's npcl are looking into it.
six epr units are to be set with each unit having a capacity of 1650 megawatt.
once it is ready, it will be the world's largest nuclear plant, she said.
the project was reviewed in march last year, when the rate of power per unit and setting up of a reference plant were also discussed.
we will proceed after seeing the model plant.
we have decided about the dates, she added.
by anihyderabad: a woman from hyderabad, who has been living in somalia since 2013, is allegedly being mistreated and tortured by her in-laws.
mohammad wahiuddin, brother of mohammedi begum, alleged that his sister's in-laws not even provided adequate food to her.
my sister mohammedi begum got married to somalian national sayeed hassan ibrahim in the year 2003 in hyderabad and the duo used to stay with us in our residence in hyderabad for around ten years.
they were blessed with three sons and two daughters.
later, in 2013, my sister's husband said that his parents in somalia want to see their children.
so, my sister along with her five children went to somalia on 1 april 2013.
however, sayeed stayed in hyderabad for one long year and then he shifted to america.
since then my sister and her kids have been stuck in somalia and facing lots of problems.
she is being tortured by her in-laws, they are not even providing adequate food to eat, woman's brother told ani.
wahiuddin also urged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and embassy of india in somalia to intervene in the matter and rescue his sister and her children.
my only appeal to both sushmaswaraj ji and the indian embassy in somalia is, they should rescue my sister and her kids and bring them back home to india as soon as possible without any further delay, he added.
by iansjust a few hours before she collapsed and died, former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had tweeted her thanks to prime minister narendra modi for revoking article 370 on jammu and kashmir.
thank you prime minister.
thank you very much.
i was waiting to see this day in my lifetime.
that was her last communication on the social media platform on which she had over 13 million followers.
she was active on tweeting about major happenings, though she decided against contesting the 2019 lok sabha elections or on joining the narendra modi 2.
0 government due to health reasons.
sushma, who died aged 67, tweeted her condolences on congress leader sheila dikshit's death on july 20, writing that though they were opponents in politics, but were friends in personal life.
sushma, who brought her innate grace and charm into her work, was not cowed by twitter trolls either.
in fact when one troll told her, that like sheila dikshit, she too would be remembered after her death, sushmaswaraj took it sportingly, tweeting back: i thank you in anticipation for this kind thought.
though she was overshadowed by prime minister narendra modi, who undertook the major trips and diplomatic dealings during her tenure as external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj did not retire into the shadows.
she made her mark in her own way  connecting with the diaspora far and wide, and reaching out to help them.
read here | former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj passes away at 67 after heart attackshe would respond to every appeal for assistance, and make sure the indian missions responded to the requests.
in this way she gave the human touch to the ministry of external affairs, and won millions of admirers across the world, including many in pakistan.
many pakistani patients would appeal to her for medical visas via twitter, and sushmaswaraj would try to accommodate their requests.
she would also connect with some of the pakistanis who she helped get emergency medical visas.
in 2017, she won admiration when she granted a year-long medical visa to a pakistani girl shireen shiraz for an open heart surgery.
as leader of opposition in the 15th lok sabha, sushmaswaraj was a formidable and compelling speaker.
she would attack the ruling congress-led upa without pulling any punches, and once parliament was witness to a fierce poetic exchange between her and then prime minister manmohan singh.
former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file, eps)in 2013, when manmohan singh used an urdu couplet to hit out at the opposition bharatiya janata party, sushmaswaraj swaraj responded in kind.
manmohan singh, accusing the bjp of making unwarranted attacks on his government, had recited a couplet of urdu poet mirza ghalib.
humko hai unse wafa ki umeed, jo nahi jaante wafa kya hai (we hope for loyalty from those who do not know the meaning of the word), the then prime minister said, quoting famous urdu poet mirza ghalib.
retorting, sushmaswaraj narrated a verse of hindi poet bashir badr: kuch to majbooriya rahi hongi yun koi bewafa nahi hota (there must have been some compulsions, one is not disloyal for no reason at all).
she then quoted another verse: tumhe wafa yaad nahee, humein jafa yaad nahee, zindagi or maut ke toh do hee tarane hain, ek tumhein yaad nahee, ek humein yaad naheen (you don't remember loyalty, we don't remember disloyalty, life and death have two rhythms, you don't remember one, we don't remember the other).
sushma, who was always attired in wide-bordered saris and donned a trademark big red bindi and sindoor, had carved a niche in the bjp through effective presentation of her views both inside and outside parliament.
following the 2004 elections when the congress was set to form the government and the name of italian-born sonia gandhi was being touted as likely prime minister, sushmaswaraj threatened to shave her head, wear a white saree and eat groundnuts (symbolical of mourning) if sonia became prime minister.
read here | glorious chapter in politics ends, pm modi on sushmaswaraj swaraj's deathmarried to swaraj kaushal, a former mizoram governor, sushmaswaraj had contested against sonia in bellary (karnataka) during the 1999 lok sabha elections.
while gandhi polled 51.
7 per cent of the vote, sushmaswaraj was not too far behind with 44.
7 per cent.
though she lost the polls, sushmaswaraj moved up the party ladder.
born on february 14, 1952 at ambala cantonment, sushmaswaraj earned a b.a. degree in political science.
she studied ll.b. in panjab university, chandigarh.
she married swaraj kaushal on july 13, 1975, during the time of the emergency.
an advocate by profession, she began her political career as a student leader in the 1970s, organizing protests against indira gandhi's government.
she was associated with many social and cultural bodies in various capacities.
she was president of the hindi sahitya sammelan, haryana for four years.
she twice became mla from haryana during 1977-1982 and 1987-1990, and once from delhi in 1998.
as a janata party mla in devi lal's government, she was the cabinet minister of labour and employment (1977-1979)  becoming the youngest ever cabinet minister in the country at 25 years of age.
she joined the bjp in 1980.
under a combined lok dal-bjp government led by devi lal, she was the cabinet minister of education, food and civil supplies (1987-1990).
she was judged best speaker of haryana state assembly for three consecutive years.
in 1980, 1984, and 1989, she unsuccessfully contested the lok sabha elections from karnal in haryana.
all three times, she was defeated by the congress party's chiranji lal sharma.
she was elected as a member of the rajya sabha in 1990.
in 1996, she was elected to the 11th lok sabha from south delhi.
she was union cabinet minister of information and broadcasting in 1996, during the 13-day atal bihari vajpayee government.
she was re-elected to the 12th lok sabha for a second term in 1998.
under the second vajpayee government, she retained the information and broadcasting ministry and had additional charge of the ministry of telecommunications from march 19 to october 12, 1998.
sushma left the union cabinet from october-december 1998 to serve as the first woman chief minister of delhi.
the bjp lost the assembly elections, and she returned to national politics.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and minister of europe and foreign affairs of france, jean-yves le drian, shake hands after a joint press meet in delhi | ptisushma returned to parliament in april 2000 as a rajya sabha member from uttarakhand.
she was re-inducted into the cabinet as the minister of information and broadcasting, which she held from september 2000 until january 2003.
she was also made the minister of health and family welfare, and held the post of minister of parliamentary affairs.
she was re-elected to the rajya sabha in april 2006 from madhya pradesh.
she served as the deputy leader of bjp in rajya sabha.
in late 2005, speculation was high that sushmaswaraj was one of the top contenders to be bjp president after l.k. advani resigned.
however, rajnath singh was elected to that post.
in 2009, sushmaswaraj won the election to the 15th lok sabha from vidisha in madhya pradesh, by a record margin of 3.
89 lakh votes.
she was made deputy leader of the opposition in june 2009 in the lok sabha, and in december that year sushmaswaraj became the first woman leader of the opposition when she replaced advani.
by aninew delhi: five indian sailors posted in nigeria have been abducted by pirates, confirmed external minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
she has also asked indian ambassador in nigeria abhay thakur to take the matter with the government of nigeria to ensure an immediate release of sailors.
i have seen news reports about abduction of five indian sailors by pirates in nigeria, tweeted swaraj on monday.
i am asking indian high commissioner to take this up at the highest level with government of nigeria for their release, she added.
this comes days after indian media reported that pirates have abducted five indian sailors last month and took their ship mt apecus in bonny outer anchorage in nigeria.
by aninew delhi: condolences continued to pour in from world dignitaries for former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who breathed her last due to cardiac arrest on tuesday night.
bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina paid tributes to swaraj and extended sympathy to her family.
she (sushma) was a good friend of bangladesh.
with her death, bangladesh has lost a good friend.
bangladesh will recall her contributions in taking the relationship between the two countries to a new height, hasina was quoted by bdnews24 as saying.
iranian foreign minister javad zarif also expressed his condolences over swaraj's demise and recalled his fruitful discussions with her.
my deepest condolences to the government and the people of india on the passing of former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
i had many fruitful and useful discussions with her while she held office, and am saddened by her sudden passing.
may she forever rest in peace.
pic.
twitter.com/fhtjyqbexf  javad zarif (@jzarif) august 6, 2019echoing similar sentiments, former israeli ambassador to india daniel carmon recalled swaraj's visit to jerusalem in 2016 and said she was impressively accessible to the indian diaspora.
new delhi: signalling of thawing of ties nepalese president bidya devi bhandari arrived on her first visit to india, nearly a year after the showdown between the two countries had resulted in the cancellation of the visit.
india is the first port of calling for president bhandari, who assumed office in october 2015.
bhandari is staying at rashtrapati bhawan as an honoured guest  a privilege for the leaders of south asia.
on tuesday, the president will be meeting prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
in a briefing ahead of her visit, the ministry of external affairs joint secretary (north) sudhakar dalela said: a high-level delegation comprising ministers, mps and senior officials will be accompanying her.
her visit will reflect the priority that india attaches to further strengthening the age-old and unique partnership with nepal, shared cultural and historical linkages and strong people-to-people relationship.
since 2015, the two countries had been at loggerheads owing to the constitution of nepal that short-changed the madhesis, tharus and janjatis.
what looked like an impromptu blockade by the protesting groups also had a tacit support of the indian government, something that kathmandu saw new delhi laying a seize around it.
nepal in turn recalled its ambassador to india and cancelled the visit by its president to new delhi.
talking about the constitutional arrangement in the country, dalela said:during our high level political exchanges in recent time the government of nepal has shared with our leadership its governments priorities and efforts to address all constitution implementation issues by taking all sections of society on board.
the ties between the two countries started looking up after a new government led-by pushp kamal dahal was sworn-in in kathmandu in august 2016.
new york: a 29-year-old indian-american man has been found dead in the us state of new jersey, an incident which the family has described as a personal issue.
sources here said the cause of the death last week was still unknown and the medical examiner's office was investigating the incident which took place in jersey city.
more details were not immediately known.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted yesterday that the indian consulate here has spoken to the father of the deceased in massachusetts.
he says this is a personal family tragedy.
consulate officials have reached out to the deceased's family in massachusetts and sources said the family has requested privacy, saying it is a personal family matter.
the sources strongly cautioned that the incident should not be seen as linked to a possible hate crime since all details are still not available and the family too has termed it as a personal issue.
new delhi: mauritian prime minister pravind jugnauth arrived here on friday on a three-day state visit to india.
he was received at the airport by minister of state for human resource development upendra kushwaha.
this is jugnauth's first visit abroad since he assumed office in january this year.
on saturday, jugnauth will call on president pranab mukherjee and vice president hamid ansari and hold delegation-level talks with his indian counterpart narendra modi.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, defence and finance minister arun jaitley, home minister rajnath singh, railway minister suresh prabhu and minister of state for petroleum and natural gas dharmendra pradhan will also call on the visiting dignitary, who is a person of indian origin.
jugnauth will also address a business event organised by industry lobbies cii, ficci and assocham later on friday.
his visit comes after the visit of then mauritian prime minister navin ramgoolam in may 2014 for the swearing in of the nda government at the centre.
modi visited the indian ocean island nation in march 2015.
jugnauth is being accompanied by deputy prime minister ivan collendavelloo, and the cabinet and finance secretaries of the country.
mauritius is home to a large number of people of indian origin who are descendants of indentured indian workers brought in the 19th century to work in sugarcane plantations.
tumakuru: a businessman hailing from turuvekere in tumakuru district, who was mistaken for a criminal and detained in saudi arabia, was released on thursday evening following the intervention of the external affairs ministry.
my older brother nayaz ahmed spoke to me over phone and confirmed that he has been released, fayaz ahmed told express from new delhi.
he will return to india after completing his pilgrimage in 5-6 days, he added.
nayaz ahmed (41) was on umrah pilgrimage along with 32 others when he was detained by immigration officials as soon as he landed at jeddah airport on april 20 in a case of mistaken identity.
his name and date of birth matched with that of a person with criminal antecedents hailing from bengaluru.
nayazs family approached the office of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj through tumakuru lok sabha member s p muddahanume gowda on may 22.
the mea, in turn, alerted the indian embassy in saudi arabia following which the embassy officials spoke to nayaz over phone on may 23 and promised his safe release.
we are grateful to sushmaswaraj swaraj madam and her office.
we have no words to express our happiness, said muzzamil, brother-in-law of nayaz who too had been camping in new delhi.
nayazs another younger brother, imroz ahmed, has been with the indian army for over a decade and is currently posted in assam.
nayaz, a father of two children, was looking after the timber business along with his father ansar ahmed in turuvekere town.
his mother shamshad begum, brother riyaz ahmed, wife afiya banu, son ayaz and daughter amreen too thanked the ministry for securing his safe release, family sources said.
chandigarh: the delhi sikh gurdwara management committee (dsgmc) on tuesday took up the issue of the shooting of a sikh at kent near seattle in us recently with union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and us ambassador to india richard verma and urged them to expedite steps to ensure stopping of racial attacks and discrimination against the sikhs in united states.
in separate letters written to sushmaswaraj swaraj and us ambassador richard verma, the general secretary of the dsgmc manjinder singh sirsa expressed serious concern over the attacks on sikhs in the us and said that it is very shameful and shocking that killings of sikhs in the us over the past decade is continuing unabated.
sirsa said that though swaraj had been taking up issues keeping in mind feelings of the sikh community, the incidence of discrimination against sikhs by causing hurt, injury and sometimes killing is being repeated.
he said that the recent attack on one deep rai was the latest in the series.
he further said that no matter where a sikh resides his roots are embedded in punjab, india.
sirsa said that dsgmc which is a statutory body established by the act of parliament, 1971 of government of india represents the sikh community and thus has responsibility bestowed upon by sikh sangat for taking up these issues whenever any kind of racial, or insulting act occurs against the identity of a sikh.
stressing upon the establishment of a separate cell by the ministry to take up these issues, sirsa suggested that the cell can have members of government of india and representatives of sikh people from the elected bodies, namely dsgmc and sgpc.
he also said that along with this a proper campaign should be launched to ensure that such incidents don't occur in the future.
sirsa also reminded the external affairs minister and us ambassador of the incidents that occurred in the recent past, including a firing incident that occurred in 2012 at gurdwara sahib wisconsin where an accused namely wade michael page shot six sikhs and wounded four others; discrimination against waris ahluwalia, a sikh american actor who was barred from boarding aero mexico flight from mexico after he refused to remove his turban and an incident of a indo-canadian sikh comedian jasmeet singh who was forced to remove his turban at us airport and later barred from boarding a flight to mexico.
he urged both leaders to take urgent steps in the matter as the community was worried keeping in view the changed circumstances in the us.
washigton: amid the current tensions between india and pakistan, the us has reiterated that kashmir is a bilateral issue between the two south asian nations.
.
.
.
on the kashmir issue, our position has not changed.
we want this to be worked out between both sides, the issue of kashmir, us state department spokesperson john kirby said in the daily press briefing here on thursday.
and generally, generally speaking, i mean, we obviously want to see the tensions that exist right now be brought down and for dialogue to take its place -- meaningful dialogue to try to address these issues bilaterally between the countries, he said.
the state department's comments came as india-pakistan relations dipped to a new low in recent times with cross-border terror attacks and the indian army's surgical strikes at terror launch pads across the line of control (loc) in jammu and kashmir.
based on credible information, the indian army early on the intervening night of september 28-29 carried out surgical strikes on terror launch pads across the loc in which significant casualties have been caused to the terrorists and those who are trying to support them.
this came after the september 18 terror attack on an army camp in uri town of jammu and kashmir which left 19 soldiers dead and a similar attack in baramulla town in north kashmir in which a border security force trooper was killed.
these attacks took place amid large-scale violence in jammu and kashmir in which around 90 lives have been lost following the killing of hizbul mujahideen terrorist burhan wani in a gunfight with security forces on july 8.
pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif, in his address at the un general assembly session last month, alleged that india was causing human rights violations in jammu and kashmir.
but indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj effectively finished off the pakistani rhetoric saying in her un speech that islamabad should stop state sponsorship of terrorism and human rights abuses on the people of balochistan province in pakistan.
india also pulled out of the south asian association of regional cooperation (saarc) summit that was scheduled to be held in islamabad in november citing pakistan's sponsorship of terrorism in the region.
afghanistan, bangladesh, bhutan too followed suit citing the same reason.
pakistan went sabre-rattling with its defence minister khwaja asif saying that his country's tactical devices (read nuclear) were not show pieces and would be used against india if its security was threatened.
in his briefing on thursday, kirby said: we're confident that pakistan has the security controls they need to have in place on their arsenal, and i'd let them speak to that more specifically.
rayagada: nargish k asthari, an iran-born british charity worker who was found guilty by a court in a case of negligence leading to death of a tribal child in rayagada district, was acquitted by the additional district and sessions judge court here on saturday.
the court said the charge against asthari was fabricated and she may claim compensation from the state government for the harassment that she went through for over two years.
a case against her was registered in 2014.
asthari (28), who ran an orphanage through her ngo prishan foundation in mukundapur village of rayagada district, was found guilty by lower sdjm court in the case.
she faced the charges after disappearance of a six-year-old child, asim jilakara, in 2014, who was feared drowned in river nagavalli during a picnic organised by prishan foundation.
while six children were washed away during bath in the river, five of them were rescued and asim was not found.
the incident had occurred on november 3, 2014.
asims father peter, who and his wife were working in the ngo as warden in-charge and cook respectively, came to know from an eyewitness that asthari and secretary of the ngo, raju gupta, were in an inebriated condition when the incident occurred and filed petition to the collector, the sp and the odisha human rights commission in this regard.
subsequently, a case was filed and the trial court convicted asthari to one year imprisonment and `3,00,000 fine.
ngo secretary gupta was acquitted for lack of evidence.
asthari had moved the adj court against the verdict and wrote a petition to the prime minister and the chief minister.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had also sought the report on the issue of asthari from the rayagada administration, but later expressed inability to help the charity worker due to the sdjm court order.
apparently, asim was not an inmate of the orphanage run by prishan foundation and he had accompanied his parents to the picnic site.
the court observed that it was the responsibility of the boys parents to look after his safety at the picnic site and asthari cannot be accused of negligence.
additional public prosecutor maheswar mohapatra said they would appeal before a higher court against the adj court verdict after examining the order and consulting the higher authorities.
by ptinew delhi: leaders of different political parties on tuesday congratulated the indian air force at an all-party meeting here on operation targeting a terrorist camp in pakistan, with the congress saying that it will support security forces in their endeavour to finish terrorism coming into india from outside.
read | pakistan expected surgical strike in pok, had no clue iaf would attack deep insideexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj briefed the leaders, who included cpi(m)'s sitaram yechury, tmc's derek o'brian, omar abdullah of national conference and bhartruhari mahtab from bjd, on the air strike carried out in the early hours.
union ministers rajnath singh and arun jaitley, both members of the cabinet committee on security like swaraj, were also present in the meeting.
read | iaf air strike: pakistan drone shot down near gujarat borderazad told reporters after the meeting that political parties lauded the iaf strikes to destroy terror camps in a clean operation as there were no civilian casualties.
we will support our security forces in their endeavour to finish terrorism coming into indian from outside.
the good part was that it was a very clean operation, he said.
ncp's praful patel, bsp's satish mishra and bjp ally ramdas athawale also attended the meeting.
read | balakot camp located on bank of kunhar river in kpk; also used by hizbulin a swift and precise air strike, india bombed and destroyed jaish-e-mohammed's biggest training camp in pakistan early tuesday, killing over 350 terrorists, trainers and senior commanders, less than two weeks after the terror outfit carried out the suicide attack in pulwama in which 40 crpf personnel lost their lives.
by express news servicehyderabad: thames valley police station in london charged one aqib pervaiz, with the murder of hyderabadi- native mohammed nadeemuddin in united kingdom a few days ago.
in a statement, thames valley police station said, aqib pervaiz, aged 26, of rochford gardens, slough, was charged this evening (10/5) with one count of murder.
it is in connection with an incident in slough at 12.
32 pm on wednesday (8/5), which resulted in the death of 24-year-old nadeemuddin hameed mohammed, from southall, in the car park of tesco in wellington street.
pervaiz was arrested in birmingham on friday and he was produced before a local court in london on saturday.
he reportedly spoke only to confirm his name and details during the hearing.
he is set to appear again in court on monday.
reports said that pervaiz was known to nadeemuddin and his family and that he used to work under the deceased in poundland store.
he was removed from his job due to incompetence, and bore a grudge against nadeemuddin due to this, which played its part in the murder, sources said.
nadeemuddin, a resident of noor khan bazar, had been in london for over six years and was working as an assistant manager for the poundland store in london.
his wife afsha, a medical professional, had joined him months ago, and is seven-months pregnant.
nadeems uncle sharfaz was quoted by the tabloid the sun saying, we have been told it was something to do with work but nothing else.
its so sad because his wife is expecting a baby.
everyone is devastated by what has happened.
he was a good man.
hard working.
he didnt deserve this.
a spokesperson for poundland store also said, were obviously shocked and upset at what has happened in slough.
our only thoughts are for our colleagues friends, family and co-workers.
were doing everything we can to support them.
mahmood ali requests sushmaswaraj swaraj to speak to london embassyhome minister mohammed mahmood ali requested union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to speak to london embassy regarding granting visa to ayesha sultana, mother-in-law of mohammed nadeemuddin.
the wife of the deceased is eight months pregnant, the home minister informed sushmaswaraj swaraj.
he said that nadeemuddins mother-in-law wanted to join her daughter for moral support.
mumbai: senior ncp leader ajit pawar today claimed the bjp stalwart late gopinath munde wanted to cross over to the congress along with his party mlas, but his plan couldn't take off as then prime minister manmohan singh advised him against engineering split in bjp.
munde, who was the deputy leader in lok sabha then, was ready to quit bjp and join congress, along with legislators like pasha patel, madhuri misal, prakash shendge, pankaja munde (munde's daughter) who too were ready to quit (bjp), the former deputy chief minister who is nephew of ncp supremo sharad pawar told a news channel.
he said, manmohan singh opined that it was not wise to split the party (bjp) in such a manner and did not induct munde in congress.
munde, a bjp mp from beed and former deputy chief minister of maharashtra during the first stint of sena-bjp government in 1995-1999, was appointed as deputy leader of lower house in 2009 in place of sushmaswaraj swaraj who was elevated as leader of opposition.
sushma swaraj also persuaded munde from leaving the party, the ncp politician said, adding the bjp leaders like devendra fadnavis (current chief minister), vinod tawde and sudhir mungantiwar worked to ensure no mla quit the party with munde.
munde was the architect of obc base of bjp as well as the rainbow alliance with shiv sena and three smaller parties ahead of the 2014 polls.
he had briefly resigned from all organisational posts of bjp in 2008 over the appointment of key functionaries of bjp's mumbai unit by the party's central leadership.
munde met with a road accident on june 3, 2014, while on his way to delhi airport and died at aiims hospital on the same day.
meanwhile, referring to munde's nephew dhananjay munde and the latter's father late pandit anna munde, ajit said he had persuaded the duo against snapping ties with gopinath munde.
a year later, they met me again and expressed their wish to join ncp.
dhananjay munde had told me that he didn't want to stay with bjp.
he said the doors of other parties were open to him if he was not inducted in ncp, ajit added.
pandit anna had eventually joined the sharad pawar-led party in 2012 whereas dhananjay, also in ncp, is currently the leader of opposition in maharashtra legislative council.
by ptidubai: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will inaugurate a digital museum in abu dhabi showcasing the life, works and philosophy of mahatma gandhi and the founder of modern uae shaikh zayed.
the gandhi-zayed digital museum, which will promote peace, tolerance and sustainability, is part of the celebrations to mark the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi and centenary celebrations of the birth of shaikh zayed, an official statement said.
also read: sushmaswaraj swaraj to co-chair india-uae joint commission meeting in abu dhabi this weekswaraj will be on a two-day visit to the uae from december 3-4, where she will co-chair the 12th session of the india-uae joint commission meeting for economic and technical cooperation with her counterpart sheikh abdullah bin zayed al nahyan.
the museum will showcase rare photographs, videos and objects representing the life, works and philosophy of both renowned leaders.
the soft launch of the museum will take place at the founder's memorial in abu dhabi, the indian embassy in the uae said in a statement.
the interactive museum aims to celebrate the similarities, the influence they had, and the change they caused.
though separated by time and region the lives of these men serve as a resonating lesson, inspiration, and reminder to billions across the world.
the museum is a humble homage to sheikh zayed and mahatma gandhi by bringing forward their lives and their love for their people, the statement said.
the announcement of the proposed digital museum was made in new delhi by swaraj and her uae counterpart during the latter's visit in july 2018.
by ptinew delhi: prime minister narendra modi and saudi crown prince mohammed bin salman on wednesday explored ways to further deepen strategic ties, in talks taking place in the backdrop of india's escalating tension with pakistan following the pulwama terror attack.
the crown prince arrived here on a less than 30-hour visit tuesday night, a day after concluding his high-profile tour of pakistan where he said the dialogue was the only way to resolve outstanding issues between india and pakistan.
in a special gesture, modi received salman at the airport here, signifying the importance india attaches to the visit by the leader of the gulf nation.
during the delegation level talks, new delhi would strongly take up the issue of cross border terrorism and the support islamabad was extending to terror groups carrying out attacks on india, government sources said.
in a joint statement, pakistan and saudi arabia on monday called for avoiding politicisation of the un listing regime at a time when india was stepping up efforts to brand the jaish-e-mohammed terror group's chief masood azhar a global terrorist.
also read: mea sushmaswaraj swaraj calls on saudi crown prince mohammed bin salman, focus on expanding strategic tiesthe joint statement said the saudi crown prince stressed that dialogue is the only way to ensure peace and stability in the region to resolve outstanding issues between india and pakistan.
saudi arabia's minister of state for foreign affairs adel al-jubeir said in islamabad that riyadh will try to de-escalate tensions between india and pakistan in the wake of the pulwama attack.
after he was given a ceremonial welcome at the rashtrapati bhavan on wednesday, the crown prince talked about historical linkages between the two countries and stressed on expanding the ties further.
the relationship between india and saudi arabia is in our dna.
today, we want to be ensured that the relationship is maintained and improved for sake of both the countries and with the leadership of mr president and the prime minister, we can create good things for both the countries, he told reporters.
he also talked about the contribution of lakhs of indians in the overall development of saudi arabia.
earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met the crown prince and discussed ways to add further momentum to the strategic ties between the two nations besides deepening engagement in areas of trade and investment.
eam @sushmaswaraj called on hrh crown prince of #saudiarabia mohammed bin salman.
discussed adding momentum to strategic dimension of our relationship in various fields - from trade & investment to defence & security, and regional cooperation, the external affairs ministry spokesperson tweeted.
according to the ministry of external affairs, the crown prince will leave new delhi around 11.
50 pm on wednesday.
chennai/kolkata: mother teresas statue was today unveiled at seashore st. anthonys shrine in chennai hours ahead of the canonization of the nobel peace laureate, who dedicated her life to helping the poor.
bishop dr a.m. chinnapa expressed his delight and said the entire humanity will take pride in the recognition being accorded to mother teresa for her service to humanity.
mother teresas statue is being installed here to celebrate her sainthood.
.
.
she thought it was a call from lord jesus to take care of the people.
a saint doesnt belong to one religion, a saint belongs to humanity, belongs to everyone, he added.
director of st. anthonys church father john said it is a really big day for not only christians but for all indians.
it is a really happy day today.
.
.
she took care of everyone and rendered her wonderful service to all down-trodden people.
so, it is a very proud moment.
we feel that she is an indian saint, he added.
sunita kumar, the spokesperson of missionaries of charities, turned emotional, saying she was a part of my family.
we are very excited.
it is bringing tears in my eyes, she told ani.
mother teresa will be declared a saint by pope francis in a canonisation ceremony at st. peter's square in vatican city today.
thousands of mother teresa's followers are expected to gather to witness the ceremony.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is leading a 12-member delegation to attend the function.
pope francis had in march announced that mother teresa, who spent 45 years serving the poor and sick on the streets in kolkata, will be elevated to sainthood.
new delhi: asserting that pakistan has been rattled after getting a blatant reply from india which rejected its proposal of conducting foreign secretary level-talks, kashmiri activist sushil pandit on tuesday said that islamabad making efforts to resume talks with new delhi is like whistling in the dark and it wont fetch anything.
pandit said with prime minister narendra modi raking up the balochistan issue has stunned pakistan.
pakistan is obviously rattled and it is so because india has not offered a dignified and restrained verbal response like always on the issue of pakistani provocations.
they have opened up new ground by naming balochistan and gilgit baltistan and other areas of ferment within pakistan that has caused rattle within pakistan relation to india.
but this is whistling in the dark by pakistan , it will not fetch them any results, pandit told ani.
pakistani foreign secretary aizaz ahmad chaudhry yesterday invited his indian counterpart s jaishankar to visit islamabad for a dialogue on kashmir, which new delhi has already rejected outright last week.
the letter highlighted the international obligation of both the countries to resolve the jammu and kashmir dispute in accordance with the un security council resolutions, the letter said.
meanwhile, adding up troubles for the pakistan, prime minister modi yesterday made an oblique reference to the human rights situation in pakistans balochistan province besides gilgit and other areas of pakistan-occupied kashmir in his independence day speech from the ramparts of the red fort.
people of balochistan, gilgit and pok have thanked me a lot in past few days, i am grateful to them, prime minister modi said while addressing the nation on the occasion of 70th independence day.
celebrated sarod player amjad ali khan's visa application for uk visa has been rejected.
the maestro took to twitter to reveal the news and expressed his displeasure in a series of tweets tagging his message to the external affairs ministry and minster sushmaswaraj swaraj, the high commission of india in london and the british high commission in india.
amjad ali had applied for the visa as he was scheduled to perform at the royal festival hall in september.
shocked & appalled.
#uk visa rejected.
scheduled to perform at the #royalfestivalhall in sep @hci_london @meaindia @sushmaswaraj @ukinindia  amjad ali khan (@aaksarod) august 12, 2016my uk visa rejected.
harpreet bajwa byexpress news serviceamritsar: hamid nehal ansari, the mumbai man who was released from a pakistani jail after six years for alleged espionage charges, crossed over to the indian side at the attari-wagah border in punjab on tuesday.
a weary looking bespectacled ansari, in a jacket, muffler and a pashtun cap, was welcomed by his parents, fauzia and nehal ahmed ansari who were waiting at the border.
stepping on to the indian side, the 33-year-old former teacher at the mumbai management college, along with his family knelt down and touched the soil of the motherland with their foreheads.
as ansari, stood up, he first hugged his mother and then embraced his father in an emotional reunion.
his mother said, his release is a victory for humanity.
my son had no bad intentions.
he went with noble intentions.
he shouldnt have gone without a visa, but initially went missing and was later caught and framed.
we were ourselves not sure whether he was dead or alive, because there was no contact between us, she said and added that through his friends over the social media, especially facebook and with the help of the media people in pakistan they came to know that their son had stayed in a hotel for some time before disappearing.
pakistan had alleged that ansari, an engineer, was an indian spy who illegally entered the country.
islamabad accused him of involvement in anti-state crimes, forging documents, and jailed him.
for the family, it was an ordeal since november 2012 when he left the country for kabul for employment and then was reported missing.
he reportedly became friendly with a pakistan girl on social media and reached kohat in khyber pakhtunkhwa to save her from a forced marriage.
by aninew delhi: rahul gandhi on wednesday wrote a letter to swaraj kaushal, husband of former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, condoling the demise of the bjp stalwart.
gandhi opined that with swaraj's demise, the nation has lost an extraordinary parliamentarian and a gifted orator.
i am deeply saddened by the untimely demise of your wife sushmaswaraj swarajji.
we have lost an extraordinary parliamentarian and a gifted orator, gandhi said.
in her stint as the external affairs minister, her responsiveness and compassion for people in need, won her the respect of people around the world.
even her personal ailments did not diminish her public-spiritedness, read the letter.
read here | emotional bansuri performs last rites of mother sushmaswaraj swarajyou and your daughter bansuri are in my thoughts and prayers in this difficult time.
sushmaji's legacy will live on and continue to touch the lives of millions of indians.
i wish you peace and courage in this hour of grief, he added.
swaraj breathed her last on tuesday night at the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) after suffering a cardiac arrest.
view photos | nation bids final farewell to people's minister sushmaswaraj swarajaccording to sources at aiims, the 67-year-old was feeling restless at 9 pm and she was brought to the hospital at around 9:30 pm in an ambulance.
she was declared dead at 10:50 pm.
swaraj was the foreign minister in the first term of the modi government in 2014.
she opted out of the 2019 lok sabha elections citing ill health.
by ptinew delhi: india friday hit back at pakistan for expressing concern over the recent deployment of nuclear submarine ins arihant, saying the comments come from a country for whom the tenet of responsibility does not exist.
pakistan's foreign office spokesperson mohammad faisal, at a media briefing thursday, said: this development marks the first actual deployment of ready-to-fire nuclear warheads in south asia which is a matter of concern not only for the indian ocean littoral states but also for the international community at large.
responding to a question on faisal's remarks, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar, during a media briefing here, said prime minister narendra modi had made india's stand clear on the issue.
modi has made it clear that india's nuclear arsenal was not a part of an aggressive policy, but it was an important means for peace and stability.
kumar said,we are a responsible nation and i think these comments are coming from a country for whom the tenet of responsibility does not exist.
marking the country's nuclear triad, indian nuclear submarine ins arihant, or the destroyer of enemies has successfully completed its first deterrence patrol.
on the issue of opening of the kartarpur sahib corridor, kumar said pakistan had not officially communicated anything to india on the issue.
asked about punjab chief minister amarinder singh writing to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the issue, he said he would have to look at the contents of the letter and then could comment on it.
he, however, said india has taken up the matter with pakistan in the past on the opening of the border for sikh pilgrims to go and visit the gurdwara on the other side.
we have heard from pakistan that this is something that they want to do, but i am not aware of any official communication which we have received from pakistan that they are keen to work with us on this matter, kumar said.
on whether there was any development on the issue of waiver for india in the countering america's adversaries through sanctions act after its s-400 missile systems deal with russia, kumar said india was engaged with different stakeholders on this matter.
we have explained our objectives and position to the us side at different levels.
we feel that it has contributed to a better understanding by the us about our concerns, about our objectivities and expectations.
we do intend to continue to remain engage with the us side, but it is important to note that our defence purchases and acquisitions are dictated by our national interest, he said.
asked about the political turmoil in sri lanka, kumar said india continues to closely monitor the situation.
at this situation, i think the situation remains unclear.
we do hope the democratic values and the constitutional process in sri lanka will be respected, he said.
by express news servicevisakhapatnam: four youngsters, who formed a gang to make some easy money, duped a ruling party mla and a former legislator of rs 25 lakh by calling them up claiming to be personal assistants of chief minister ys jagan mohan reddy and former cm n chandrababu naidu.
the gang members made calls to politicians from across the country including former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, congress senior leader ghulam nabi azad, former mp from anantapur jc diwakar reddy and parliamentarians and mlas.
the main accused in the gang is an engineering dropout, who learnt making spoof calls through dark web.
the main accused, 27-year-old p vishnu murthy alias sagar of gajuwaka, developed a liking for hacking.
he visited several hacking websites and made acquaintance with unknown hackers and, with their help, he made spoofed voice calls to mlas, mps and other vips.
vishnu along with his friends contacted their targets through foreign whatsapp numbers and collected rs 10 lakh and rs 15 lakh in two different cases, visakhpatanam city police commissioner mahesh chandra laddha said on wednesday.
he produced the arrested youths before the media.
apart from vishnu, the other accused included a 30-year-old history-sheeter g tarun kumar of vadlapudi, and 24-year-olds p jaya krishna of peda gantyada and m jagadeesh of sriharipuram.
laddha said the gang members had created a fake foreign whatsapp number to communicate with their targets.
this started in april last year and, after several attempts, vishnu was successful in his criminal designs in december the same year, the cp said.
on june 6 this year, the fraudsters spoofed phone number of k nageswar reddy, pa of chief minister jagan mohan reddy and made a call to palasa mla s appala raju, asking for rs 15 lakhs on behalf of the cm.
they contacted him through whatsapp calls and messages and sent rs 100 note photo with 896553 number for identification and asked him to come to marripalem anna canteen to hand over the money.
the mlas aides came there and handed over the money to jagadeesh, according to the cp.
in another case, on may 7, 2019, former mla of pendurthy, bandaru satyanarayana received a call in the name of srinivas, the ps of former cm n chandrababu naidu.
the caller told the former mla that his person will send some messages through whatsapp and after sometime, the former mla received a whatsapp message, saying chief minister said send rs 10 lakhs, he is in meeting, he will call you at night from a foreign number.
believing that the message was genuine, satyanarayana sent the money through his driver sanyasi naidu, who handed it over to the gang at the steel plant.
later, when the former mla verified with srinivas about the money, he realised that he was cheated, laddha said.
the former mla lodged a complaint with police in this regard.
though similar calls were received by other personalities, they grew suspicious and reportedly verified with the personal staff of the cm and the former cm and escaped from falling prey to the fraudsters designs, police said.
the gang also made spoof calls to visakhapatnam mp mvv satyanarayana, who sensed that something was fishy and sent 4-5 persons along with cash to the appointed location.
they took care to hide themselves and stayed some distance away.
the gang though came to collect the cash, left without meeting the mps men, the cp said.
the gang used to create whatsapp foreign numbers using new sims, complaints were received from former mla pendurthy bandaru satyanarayana, mla vizag south vasupalli ganesh kumar by vizag ps, palasa mla s appala raju, ex-mla mummdivaram datla subba raju by eg police and ysrc coordinator harsha vadhan reddy by hyderbad ps.
in a landmark decision, abu dhabi has included hindi as the third official language used in its courts, alongside arabic and english, as part of a move designed to improve access to justice.
we thank abu dhabi for declaring hindi as one of the official languages in their judicial system.
this will make justice delivery system simpler and more accessible to our people, she tweeted.
the abu dhabi judicial department last saturday said it has extended the adoption of interactive forms of statement of claims filed before courts by including the hindi language alongside arabic and english in labour cases.
this is aimed at helping hindi speakers to learn about litigation procedures, their rights and duties without a language barrier, in addition to facilitating registration procedures via unified forms available through the adjd website, the judicial body said.
karimnagar: karimnagar lok sabha mp b vinod kumar today appealed to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to ensure the release of indians languishing in various prisons in saudi arabia.
in a press release here, the trs leader said hundreds of indian prisoners are lodged in jails in the gulf nation.
the unemployed youth going to saudi arabia for jobs are exploited by their employers, who do not pay wages for several months, he said.
out of desperation, they are forced to find other employment, without documentation, which often leads to their arrest, kumar said.
he appealed to swaraj to direct indian embassy in riyadh to ensure immediate release of such prisoners.
by ptinew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday sought a report over the reported denial of visa extension to a german padma shri awardee who has threatened to return her award over the issue.
german national friederike irina bruning, 61, who was awarded the padma shri for cow protection this year, has threatened to return her reward after her application for visa extension for further stay in india has has been rejected by the mea, according to a media report.
reacting to the media report, swaraj tweeted: thanks for bringing this to my notice.
i have asked for a report.
swaraj, in another tweet, also assured help to another woman who appealed to her after her husband and son's passports were robbed from airport in barcelona, spain.
by ptiislamabad: pakistan on sunday welcomed india's decision to send its two union ministers to attend the groundbreaking ceremony of the kartarpur corridor next week, terming it a positive response.
kartarpur sahib in pakistan is located across the river ravi, about four kilometres from the dera baba nanak shrine in punjab's gurdaspur district.
it was established by the sikh guru in 1522.
the first gurdwara, gurdwara kartarpur sahib, was built here, where guru nanak dev is said to have died.
foreign minister shah mehmood qureshi welcomed india's decision to send union ministers harsimrat kaur badal and hardeep singh puri, radio pakistan reported.
qureshi termed india's decision as a positive response to pakistan's move, it said.
india has responded well to pakistan's initiative in its bid to bring the sikh community closer, he told the associated press of pakistan during his visit to the stall of indian high commission at the pakistan foreign office women's association charity bazar here.
india's high commissioner to pakistan ajay bisaria received foreign minister qureshi at the stall.
qureshi said pakistan has won the hearts of millions of sikhs with a single but significant step and expressed confidence that the kartarpur corridor would attract members of the sikh community to pakistan from across the globe including the united states and the united kingdom.
he said that the sikh community will be greeted here amid sentiments of love and would take back positive image about pakistan and its people.
information minister fawad chaudhry said that the opening of the kartarpur border showed that pakistan stands with peace in the region.
pakistan through its conduct has once again showed who stands for peace in south asia and which force is not sincere.
pm imran khan has clearly shown pakistan stands for peace kartarpur border opening is history in the making, history will judge those who stood on the wrong side, he tweeted.
on saturday, qureshi extended an invitation to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, punjab chief minister amarinder singh and state minister navjot singh sidhu to attend the ceremony at kartarpur on november 28.
also read | kartarpur corridor: navjot singh sidhu accepts pakistan's invite, writes to qureshiswaraj thanked him for the invite and said that india will send union ministers harsimrat kaur badal and hardeep singh puri to pakistan next week to attend the groundbreaking ceremony of the kartarpur corridor.
amarinder declined pakistan's invite while sidhu accepted the request with with unalloyed joy.
the corridor, once built, will give indian pilgrims easy access to the shrine.
pakistan prime minister imran khan will inaugurate the groundbreaking ceremony of the corridor on the pakistani side on november 28.
the india-pakistan ties nose-dived in recent years with no bilateral talks taking place.
the ties between the two countries had strained after the terror attacks by pakistan-based groups in 2016.
new delhi: kidney has no religious labels, this is what external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, undergoing treatment for renal failure, tweeted while thanking a muslim man who offered her his kidney.
64-year-old swaraj has been offered kidneys by scores of people since wednesday when she said on twitter that she was in hospital due to kidney failure and was undergoing tests for a transplant.
thank you very much brothers.
i am sure, kidney has no religious labels, she tweeted.
her remark came in response to a tweet by mujib ansari who offered his kidney to her while adding that he is a muslim and a supporters of bsp in uttar pradesh.
@sushmaswaraj mam i am a bsp supporter and a muslim,bt i want 2 donate my kidney 4 u,4 me u r like my mother figure, may allah bless u, he said on twitter.
another muslim nyamath ali shaik also offered his kidney to swaraj saying he was ready to donate his kidney, if need be.
another twitter follower jaan shah also said he was ready to offer his kidney to her.
swaraj has been flooded with wishes from politicians cutting across party lines as well as from a cross-section of society.
she has been undergoing treatment for renal failure at aiims.
swaraj also exuded confidence of being able to come out of the health condition with good wishes of people and blessings of god.
harpreet bajwa byexpress news servicechandigarh: with the lok sabha election just a few months away, the nda government has tried to please the sikh community by announcing a corridor from dera baba nanak in punjab to the international border to facilitate pilgrims visiting gurudwara kartarpur sahib in pakistan.
both the shiromani akali dal-bjp alliance and the ruling congress are trying to take credit for this.
welcoming the union cabinet resolution, punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh said it was in response to the various letters and submissions he had made to prime minister narendra modi on this issue.
earlier, the state assembly had unanimously passed a resolution urging the centre to take up the opening of the kartarpur sahib corridor during the 550th birth anniversary celebrations of guru nanak dev with pakistan.
also, amarinder wrote a demi-official letter requesting external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to take up the matter with pakistan.
also read: linking india's decision on kartarpura corridor to pakistan proposal hurtful for sikhsthe bjp state unit credited the bjp-led central government.
the partys senior state leader rajinder mohan singh chhina said the nda government had fulfilled the long-pending demand of the sikhs.
arun jaitley had himself visited dera baba nanak when he held the defence portfolio and took stock of the situation then.
jaitley knew the importance of such a corridor and how sikh devotees had been demanding the same for the last three decades, he said.
the decision also provided a breather to sad, which has been on the backfoot in its core panthic constituency over the incidents of sacrilege of the guru granth sahib and police firing at anti-sacrilege protesters at kotkapura and behbal kalan in 2015.
also read: demand for kartarpur corridor raised 24 years agoformer chief minister parkash singh badal recalled that it was in 1999, when he accompanied then prime minister ab vajpayee to lahore, that the latter had acceded to his governments request to start the process of fulfilling the daily sikh prayer for khullle darshan didar of historic shrines all over the world.
sad president sukhbir singh badal, flanked by his wife and union food processing minister harsimrat kaur badal said thanked the modi government for the historic decision and said, the 70-year-old demand has been finally fulfilled.
he said the sad and the shiromani gurdwara parbandhak committee will take a delegation to kartarpur sahib during guru nanak devs 550th birth anniversary celebrations.
the leader of opposition in the punjab assembly and aam aadmi party leader harpal singh cheema, too, weldomed the cabinet decision saying it had fulfilled the wish of the sikhs.
sidhu and his hugthis issue was raised by punjab minister navjot singh sidhu when he visited pakistan early this year to attend the swearing-in of imran khan as pm.
sidhus hug to pakistan army chief gen qamar javed bajwa during the visit was flayed by many.
since then sidhu has been claiming that he hugged bajwa after being offered a corridor for kartarpur sahib.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj speaks in the rajya sabha in new delhi on monday.
he is the victim of a plan that seeks to cast aspersions on india to deflect international attention from pakistans well-known record of sponsoring and supporting terrorism.
under these circumstances, we have no choice but to regard the sentence, if carried out, as an act of pre-meditated murder, she said in the house.
read: kulbhushan jadhav: defence experts term pakistan's act 'heinous', demand speedy action by indiathe minister said that the government and people of india would view very seriously the possibility that an innocent indian citizen is facing death sentence in pakistan without due process and in violation of basic norms of law, justice and international relations.
i would caution the pakistan government to consider the consequences for our bilateral relationship if they proceed on this matter, she said.
from the time his abduction was known, our high commission in islamabad has continuously pressed pakistani authorities for such access.
although this is provided for by international law and is deemed a norm in international relations, the government of pakistan did not permit it.
that itself should tell us much about the strength of the case against jadhav, the minister further said.
read: be ready to face fallout of kulbhushan jadhav's sentence: pakistan medialeader of the house in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad said that the government must provide legal aid and nest of the lawyers so that facts are put strongly before the supreme court.
swaraj assured the house that jadhav is the son of india and government will go out of way to do anything for his release.
read: be ready to face fallout of kulbhushan jadhav's sentence: pakistan mediafiling an appeal in the court, hiring a good lawyer are small things, the government will even talk to pakistan president to save him, said swaraj as both sides thumped.
union minister for home affairs slammed pakistan for ignoring all norms of law and justice, after members cutting across party lines condemned death sentence to an indian citizen kulbhushan jadhav.
the minister assured the house that the government will do everything possible to ensure justice for jadhav.
read: kulbhushan jadhav: indian high commission in islamabad not informed about former naval officer's trialstating that jadhav will get justice, singh asserted that the government condemns the death sentence.
the lok sabha adopted a resolution condemning pakistan for disregarding the rule of law.
incidentally, the issue witnessed a bipartisan house, with swaraj soliciting the help of the congress mp shashi tharoor to draft the resolution.
the anger among the lawmakers was on display, as mps demanded strong measures from the government in response to the pakistani provocation.
the bjp mp and former home secretary rk singh argued that india should resort to the policy of strict reciprocity with pakistan.
he stated that scores of pakistani spies are arrested every month.
there are many such pakistanis who, while carrying out terror activities, are arrested by the security agencies.
if the policy of strict reciprocity is enforced, all of them will hang, added singh.
new delhi: saudi arabia has agreed to indias demand to issue exit visas to thousands of indians laid of their jobs there and send them back home at its own expense.
i am happy to inform that the saudi ruler has taken note of the plight of indian workers.
.
.
saudi king has instructed the officials to resolve the issue in two days, she said.
it has also offered to transport the workers to india.
government of india will not have to spend a penny on that, she said.
the islamic nation has also permitted workers to take re-employment if other companies find them suitable, she said, adding that before departing, the indian workers will register their claims of unpaid salaries and other dues with the labour office of saudi arabia.
indian embassy in riyadh will follow up with the labour office of saudi arabia to get all the dues of workers cleared, she said.
the minister said the saudi ruler has also issued orders to provide free medical and food to indian workers lodged in the camps apart from all civic amenities.
thanking the saudi ruler, she said this was possible because of the personal and diplomatic relationship stuck by prime minister narendra modi during his recent visit to islamic nation.
prime minister narendra modi receives his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina on her arrival at igi airport in new delhi (shekhar yadav | eps)new delhi: bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina arrived in india on her first visit since her second term began in 2014.
the visit would be widely watched by her critics back home for takeaways as she has often been criticised for being pro-india.
emphasising the importance of partnership with bangladesh, prime minister narendra modi drove to palam air force station to receive the bangladesh prime minister, who has been put up in rashtrapati bhawan, a gesture reserved for special state guests.
pm modi has also gone to the airport in normal traffic.
hasinas visit after a gap of seven years has been scheduled after a delay as both the sides wanted the teesta water sharing deal to get through, however, the opposition from the west bengal government has taken the deal of the agenda.
the bangladesh prime minister met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday at the rashtrapati bhawan.
on saturday, the bangladesh prime minister would receive the ceremonial guard of honour at the rashtrapati bhawan before moving to the hyderabad house to hold talks with prime minister modi.
from there she will drive to sam manekshaw centre to honour the indian armys 1971 war veterans in the presence of prime minister modi.
uzma, who is in her early 20s, hails from new delhi.
she had travelled to pakistan earlier this month.
she has accused tahir ali, whom she reportedly met in malaysia and fell in love with, of forcing her into marrying him in pakistan on may 3.
the court also returned her the immigration papers which she had said was taken away by ali, who had submitted the documents after being told by the court to do so.
uzma ahmed wiped the tears from her eyes as she hugged her mother.
and then, as her eyes welled up again, she bent down to pick up her three-year-old daughter.
delhi resident uzma, back home today after a harrowing time in pakistan, broke down often at an interaction with the media here.
forced to marry a pakistani national identified as tahir ali, she managed to return to india after the islamabad high court allowed her to leave pakistan, forcing ali, who had taken away her immigration papers, to return them to her.
she recounted a tale of horror, of being forced to live in a taliban-like region in pakistan, which she described as a well of death.
questions were not asked at the conference organised by the ministry of external affairs, so the details of her story were often hazy.
she had met ali in malaysia, and the two had fallen in love.
she left for pakistan with him sometime in the beginning of may, she said.
my plan of going to pakistan was for leisure.
i had planned to return by may 10 or 12.
but, it wasn't like that at all when i reached there.
you can call it a kidnapping situation, she said.
after we crossed the wagah border, nothing felt right, she said.
at some point of time, she said, she had been given a sleeping pill by ali and taken to an unusual village called buner.
uzma, it seemed, had been taken to the remote buner district in the khyber-pakhtunkhwa province, where she was married to ali on may 3, allegedly at gunpoint.
the language was totally different there and the people were unusual, too.
i was kept there, and i was beaten up, she said.
there were big guns in the house where she was put up, and ali carried a pistol with him, she said.
she could hear sounds of firing every day.
i realised i may not have been alone there.
there were other girls, perhaps not indian nationals, maybe from the philippines.
many of girls there have not been able to leave the place, she said.
emotionally overwhelmed, she often cried while narrating her story at the briefing, in which minister swaraj was also present.
uzma said she was an adopted child but the government made her feel she was india's daughter.
she thanked swaraj, her ministry and officials of the indian high commission in islamabad for ensuring her safe return.
i am here today only because of sushmaswaraj ma'am, who kept track of me all through this episode.
she told me that i was 'hindustan ki beti', her daughter, and that i need not worry.
these words gave me strength when i was totally torn inside, she said.
it was not clear how she reached islamabad from buner.
but once there, she took refuge at the indian high commission, which took up her case, providing her with legal aid.
she (swaraj) told me that i could stay at the high commission for even 2-3 years but she would not let me go back to that man (tahir).
i had never expected that the government would do so much for me, uzma added.
she came to the mission counter, and she had such a terrified look on her face that we immediately took her inside and gave her all support, india's deputy high commissioner in pakistan j p singh said.
the islamabad high court yesterday allowed her to return to india after she appealed to the court to direct ali to return her documents.
you sent out a powerful message with that gesture.
your identity as an indian national was enough for us to help you, the minister asserted.
uzma called pakistan a place which was easy to go to but difficult to return from.
it is a well of death ('maut ka kuan'), she said.
touching the soil of my homeland, i heaved a sigh of relief.
i could breathe the air of freedom.
there is no place in the world like india.
by ptinew delhi: riding on a massive modi wave sweeping through most parts of india, the bjp was set to return to power thursday as it led in 292 seats while the congress trailed far behind with 50, according to trends released by the election commission for all 542 seats that went to polls.
if the trends stay until final results, the bjp would have improved on its 2014 performance when it had won 282 seats on its own in the 543-member lok sabha.
adding the seats won by its allies, the bjp-led national democratic alliance could win 343 seats, up from 336 in 2014.
markets cheered the trends, as the benchmark bse sensex touched 40,000 for the first time and nse nifty breached the 12,000 level.
the rupee appreciated 14 paise to 69.
51 against the us dollar trade.
prime minister narendra modi -- many congratulations for securing such a big victory for the bjp.
i am thankful to the people, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted.
the results are a resounding endorsement of prime minister narendra modi's popularity, his government's achievements in the last five years and his campaign, which centred around national security and nationalism.
he also relentlessly attacked the congress party for what he called its dynastic legacy, and blamed it for the country's woes.
the opposition had criticised the bjp campaign as divisive and polarising.
still, the trend shows that the modi wave, along with party president amit shah's strategic brains, swept across geographies, caste lines, age, gender and economic status.
shah was leading in gandhinagar in gujarat by more than 3 lakh votes.
the bjp is set to repeat its 2014 showing in modi's home state when it had won all 26 seats.
in the politically critical state of uttar pradesh, where the samajwadi party-bahujan samaj party combine had posed a stiff challenge, the bjp was leading in 57 of the 80 seats at stake.
the sp was ahead in eight and bsp in 11.
although the bjp had won 71 seats in the last elections, the performance is much better than what many exit polls had forecast.
the congress party was ahead only in one seat in uttar pradesh.
even, congress president rahul gandhi was trailing bjp's smriti irani in amethi by nearly 7,000 votes but was clearly ahead in wayanad in kerala with a lead of more than 1 lakh votes.
the modi wave not only swept through the hindi heartland and gujarat, as was expected, but also rippled through west bengal, odisha, maharashtra and karnataka.
only kerala, tamil nadu and andhra pradesh appeared untouched.
even in telangana, where it was expected to fare poorly, the bjp was ahead in four seats, the same as the telangana rashtra samiti.
the trends were staggering for bjp in the hindi-speaking states, including those where congress had won in the recent assembly elections.
in madhya pradesh, bjp was ahead in 28 out of 29 seats with a vote percentage of nearly 60.
in rajasthan it was leading in all but one of 25 seats.
similarly in chattisgarh, bjp was ahead in nine compared to congress' 2 seats.
haryana also is expected to send nine bjp mps out of 10.
the people on the ground are not buying the narrative of the opposition that people are under threat.
people are doing well that they are looking forward to the next government of narendra modi.
we have to realise that modi's government inherited very weak economy and he done very phenomenal job (in the last five year), bjp spokesman amit malviya said.
in odisha, the bjp was ahead in six of the 21 seats and biju janata dal was ahead in 15.
in 2014, the bjd had won 20 seats and bjp took one.
bjp and its ally janata dal (united) were ahead in 16 seats each in bihar out of 40 at stake.
as votes for the seven-phase parliamentary polls were counted on thursday, the trinamool congress party was leading in 24 of 42 seats of west bengal while bjp was ahead in 17, up from two it held in 2014.
the left was wiped out in the state, once its citadel.
the dmk was ahead in 20 seats in tamil nadu while the aiadmk was leading in only two.
in kerala, the udf was ahead in 18 out of 20 seats.
as the trends came in, pointing to another tenure of modi as prime minister, celebrations broke out in the bjp's party offices across the country with people dancing to the sounds of drums.
the trends of the ruling party's leads were in sync with the exit polls, most of which predicted that the nda would be on course to retain power for a second term.
in 2014, the bjp won 282 seats, leaving the congress with an all-time low of 44 seats against the 206 it won in 2009.
the counting exercise is on in over 4,000 counting centres amid concerns raised by opposition parties over alleged tampering of evms.they have asked the election commission to ensure transparency in counting.
election commission officials said results are expected only by late evening.
the voting was staggered between april 11 and may 19 in which around 67 per cent of the nearly 900 million eligible people exercised their franchise to elect 542 members of the lok sabha from a total of 8,049 contestants.
for the first time in lok sabha polls, the ec is tallying the vote count on electronic voting machines with voter verified paper audit trail slips in five polling stations in each assembly segment of a parliamentary constituency.
it will effectively mean that out of nearly 10.
3 lakh polling stations, the evm-vvpat matching will take place in 20,600 such stations.
in case of a mismatch, the results based on paper slip count will be considered as final.
out of the 543 lok sabha seats, elections were held in 542 constituencies as the ec had cancelled polls to the vellore constituency on the ground of excessive use of money power.
we asked people around for help, but not one called the police: nigerian national who was attacked (ani)abuja: amid attacks on africans in india, the indian community in nigeria today voiced support for nigerians living in the country saying such a trend was disturbing as africans never mistreat foreigners.
asserting that the conception about africa and africans among many indians is incorrect, the indians living in nigeria have strongly condemned the attacks on nigerians in greater noida.
i was deeply disturbed by the attacks on the nigerian students in india.
but i feel indians mistreat the africans anyway.
their conception about africa and africans is wrong.
there has never been a case where an african has mistreated a foreigner in their country, said arunraj muruganandam, who is based in lagos for the last 15 years.
the whole fact that we somehow feel we are superior to them is very uncomforting.
even when i first went from nigeria, there were racist jokes played on me.
.
.
i feel the indians apart from those who have lived in africa will never treat the africans well, he told pti over phone.
asked if he ever felt discriminated or harassed in nigeria, the 25-year-old mechanical engineer hailing from chennai said, never.
i have felt more at home here.
resource-rich nigeria is a major trading partner of india having footprints of many leading indian companies including tata and bharti airtel.
while over 35,000 indians live in the east african country, around 30,000 nigerians travel to india for education, medical tourism and business.
nigerian students were attacked by several people during a candle-light march for a 17-year-old indian boy, who died of suspected drug overdose last week in greater noida.
the boy's parents alleged that the foreigners had kidnapped him and given him drugs which led to his death.
51-year-old sanjeev purwar, who has been staying in abuja, the nigerian capital, for over two decades, said when indians are troubled or assaulted due to apartheid in the us, the uk or australia all countrymen raise their voice in unison.
but why don't we feel the same angst when such incidents take place in our own country against outsiders?
why we can't tolerate (the difference in race) and become violent?
this is not our culture, said purwar, an engineer.
at a time when indians are being accepted globally, why are we unable to lead with an example?
every society in the world has a different culture and we must learn to appreciate it, he said.
purwar, who hails from kanpur in uttar pradesh and stays in abuja with his wife, said incidents like these do not auger well for the image of the country and particularly its diaspora who may have to pay the price for it.
he also called for the media to exercise caution in covering of such events, saying repeatedly showing pictures and videos of violence may not have an impact in india, but outside the country it may create ripples.
nigerians are mostly good people.
when you repeatedly show such pictures, some people who are short-tempered may react.
the media should have a discussion on such incidents but should not show pictures, he said.
purwar recalled how indians living in nigeria were harassed back in 2013 after a nigerian was reportedly killed in goa.
it was one rare such happening here, he said.
another indian-origin man gulrez singh, who is based in port harcourt in the southern part of the country, said he has sympathy for the nigerians and felt embarrassed over the unfortunate incidents taking place in india.
singh, whose family is based in chandigarh, attributed such attacks to the backwards mentality of some people.
the thinking of some indians is backwards and racist.
.
.
a random black man automatically becomes a drug lord.
this needs to stop but how to make people aware of it i do not know, he told pti.
nigeria had yesterday called in the indian high commissioner in abuja to register its protest over the attacks on its nationals in india and sought diligent prosecution against the perpetrators.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also assured parliament of a fair probe into the assault on nigerians.
the indian cultural association in nigeria, in a letter to india's high commissioner to nigeria b n reddy on wednesday, categorically condemned the incidents.
we bring to place on record our condemnation towards this incident which happened in noida, delhi (our national capital).
sir, we are staying in nigeria for many years.
some of us have spent here over 50 years and we never faced this kind of problem any time, the letter said.
on behalf of the entire indian community, we wish to convey our complete condemnation towards this incident.
we expect that the same should be conveyed to ministry of external affairs vehemently and properly, the association said.
it has also called on the ministry of external affairs to issue an appropriate advisory to the schools, colleges and general public in india, stating that your own countrymen are respected in these african countries always and such incidents and unruly behaviour may change their perspective towards us.
and above all, taking the law into hands may not solve the problem.
it should be tackled within the legal framework of the country, the letter said.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday sought to assuage the concerns of parliamentarians over physical attacks against indians in the us qualifying them as acts of individuals and not representative of the sentiments of americans towards india.
after a hiatus of few months to recuperate from kidney transplant, the minister returned to active politics to receive a warm welcome from her colleagues in the lok sabha and gave her first oral statement on the slew of attacks against indians since the inauguration of president donald trump.
the 64-year-old minister, who have heralded a new era of twitter diplomacy and has been active in providing succor to distraught indians through her twitter account, assured the house that the security and safety of the indian diaspora remains a top priority for the government.
we are in a continuous dialogue with the us government, said swaraj, looking rested and healthy in her trademark blue saree and jacket.
she has been advised by doctors to minimise human contact for few months to thwart any chances of infection after the kidney transplant.
she said that the wider sentiments of the us society were reflected in the heroism of ian grillot, an american national who suffered serious injury while trying to save the two indians hurt during the kansas shooting.
in last three weeks, three incidents of physical attack in the united states on indian nationals and persons of indian origin have come to the notice of the government.
the first one was on february 22, srinivas kuchibhotla, a 32-year-old indian engineer at gps device-maker garmin was shot dead by a us national in a crowded bar in kansas city suburb of olathe.
another indian national, alok madasani, present on the spot was also injured in the shooting.
it was established as a hate crime.
but the other two incidents, also under investigation, are yet to be confirmed as racially motivated.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought a detailed report from the indian high commission in malaysian, following reports of an indian being stranded in the country after his employers allegedly seized his passport.
the ministers response came after a user tweeted her asking for help on the same.
i have asked for a report from indian high commissioner in malaysia, she tweeted back in reply.
according to reports, jagat singh, who is from lohaghat uttarakhand, worked in a hotel in malaysia and when he wanted to return home, his employer seized his passport and forced him to work.
however, he managed to escape, but was left stranded in malaysia without his passport.
the minister also said that the indian consulate in san francisco is helping the family of 26-year-old vikram jaryal, who was shot dead allegedly by two masked armed robbers.
i have received a report on the shootout incident resulting in the tragic death of indian national vikram jaryal in washington state usa, swaraj tweeted.
the victim was only 26 years old and had reached us only 25 days back.
he was working at the gas station of a family friend, she said in a series of tweets.
jaryal, who worked as a clerk at am-pm gas station in yakima city, was behind the counter when the incident happened.
his family had yesterday sought swaraj's help to bring his body back.
on 6 april two miscreants entered the shop at 1.
30 am.
they snatched cash from victim and shot on his chest.
we are coordinating with the investigative agencies.
they have got the cctv footage and are in the process of apprehending the culprits, she saidour consulate in san francisco is helping the family and following this up with the police authorities, she added.
jaryal hailed from hoshiarpur district in punjab.
new delhi: an indian woman was allegedly strip-searched at frankfurt airport, prompting external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today to seek a report from the indian consul general concerned.
raveesh - plz send me a report on this.
@cgifrankfurt (sic), swaraj tweeted to indian consul general in frankfurt raveesh kumar.
her tweet came following news reports based on the woman's facebook post in which she alleged that she was strip-searched at the airport while she was on way to iceland from bengaluru on march 29.
we were travelling to iceland from india via frankfurt with our 4-year-old daughter when i was asked to move aside for this 'random check', no explanations offered.
i was taken into a room and was asked to lift my dress/take it off so that i could be checked to make sure i wasn't carrying anything under my clothes, shruthi basappa alleged in the facebook post.
i'm always the 'chosen one' for random security checks - pat down, baggage check, lets take you into a room for a closer pat down etc.
of course it is random.
of course it is not because i'm brown.
but this happens every time.
every.
single.
time, she alleged.
by ptinew delhi: rajya sabha was adjourned monday till 2 pm as congress and tdp members trooped into the well of the house seeking to raise various issues.
two bills were introduced before chairman m venkaiah naidu adjourned the house.
several opposition members, including from tmc and congress, protested as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj introduced the 'the registration of marriage of non-resident indian bill, 2019'.
naidu, however said the bill was just being introduced.
tribal affairs minister jual oram introduced 'the constitution (scheduled tribes) order (third amendment) bill, 2019'.
earlier, as soon as the listed papers were laid on the table of the house, members of tdp trooped into the well demanding special status for andhra pradesh.
several congress mps too entered the well.
the issues being raised by congress could not be heard in the din but in lok sabha they had raked up the issue of alleged horse-trading in karnataka by bjp.
law makers from bsp and sp, the two parties which have entered into an alliance for the next lok sabha polls, were heard raising the issue of deaths in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand due to consumption of illicit liquor.
the chairman made appeals to the protesting members to return to their seats and not display posters.
but his appeals went unheeded following which naidu adjourned the house till 2 pm.
before adjourning the house, naidu said he has received several notices under rule 267, but none have been accepted.
rule 267 provide for setting aside the business of the day to discuss the issue being raised.
by iansnew delhi: union minister and senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday said the nda would come back to power again with the blessings of poor people who have received food and houses at affordable prices and medicine for free in modi government's rule.
she said about 22 crore people in the country were benefited under the welfare schemes of the bjp-led nda government for poor, particularly, pradhan mantri ujjwala yojana (pmuy), ayushman bharat-pradhan mantri jan arogya yojana, and pradhan mantri awas yojana (pmay).
our government took care of food, house, medical treatment for poor people.
so will not they give us blessings?
their prayer is the will of god, she said while speaking at the party's two-day national council meet here.
read: bjp passes resolution, terms modi govt as pro-farmersthese people are making only one prayer that modi government should come back to power again.
and their blessing would not go in vain for sure.
however, all states and union territories were brought under it by the modi government.
she also said the pmuy had not just provided women with gas connections but it had contributed in their empowerment.
similarly, 1.
5 crore houses were allotted under pmay and 50 crore people were given medical insurance of rs10 lakh each under ayushman bharat scheme.
read | 2019 lok sabha polls battle of ideologies: amit shah at bjp council meetthe number of beneficiaries under various schemes designed for poor would touch 25 crores mark in next three months' time, the minister said.
she also introduced a resolution seeking welfare of poor people in the council meeting.
(former prime minister) rajiv gandhi had sadly said only 15 paise of re 1 issued by the government would reach the beneficiary.
we are happy that entire amount our government issues reaches to beneficiaries, she said.
this is turnbull's first bilateral visit to india since he assumed office in september 2015.
| picture courtesy: @meaindianew delhi: prime minister narendra modi and australian premier malcolm turnbull, now on a state visit, headed delegation-level bilateral talks here on monday.
a partnership for prosperity.
pm @narendramodi and pm @turnbuillmalcolm lead delegation level talks in hyderbad house, external affairs ministry spokesperson gopal baglay tweeted.
earlier on monday, turnbull was accorded a ceremonial welcome at rashtrapati bhavan here.
following the reception, turnbull told the media that ties between the two countries were strong and would be stronger because of this visit.
prime minister (narendra) modi is leading this most remarkable nation on a extraordinary journey of growth and development, he said.
the achievements of india are the admiration of the world, turnbull said, adding: we in australia look forward to working even more closely than we have done in the past.
later, external affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on the visiting dignitary.
the autralian prime minister arrived here on sunday on a four-day state visit to india.
this is turnbull's first bilateral visit to india since he assumed office in september 2015.
his predecessor tony abbott had visited india in september 2014 and this was followed by prime minister modi's visit to australia in november that year.
a number of agreements are expected to be signed following monday's bilateral summit.
during her visit to the ramakrishna center of phoenix in durban, swaraj talked of protectionism as she said that it stands for i am superiors and everything is for me which as per her contradicts with the indian tradition.
she said, the indian tradition is all about 'we'.
we talk in sutra which stands for our work must for good and benefit for all.
swaraj expressed her gratitude for opening the ramakrishna mission center which as per her will not help to serve the cause of ramakrishna but also of the entire humanity.
amongst those who lived with the message of mahatma for centuries!
eam @sushmaswaraj interacted with swami saradaprabhananda, president, ramakrishna centre of south africa (phoenix) and indian diaspora and emphasized on importance of following bapus value.
pic.
twitter.com/pwyqsczows  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) june 6, 2018she said that the center would help to realize that the indian tradition and civilisation has the ability to solve issues including terrorism.
the root of terrorism is that my faith is superior to yours.
either follow my belief or i will uproot yours as well swaraj added.
''swaraj then highlighted the significance of ramakrishna in the modern lives.
she reiterated the words of mahatma gandhi that, nature has an abundance to fulfill your need but not your greed.
only take that much what you need.
if you become selfish and start destroying the nature, then nature will destroy you.
on this note, swaraj gave an example of the natural calamities including hurricanes, cyclones, earthquake which is a form of nature's attack on humans.
some call it christ, some allah, guru or ishwar.
we believe what is the truth.
we believe truth is one and then there is no dispute at all.
mahatma gandhi who is called as the father of nation due to his contribution towards helping india achieve independence had gained his law degree from south africa and had spent a large amount of time there fighting apartheid.
new delhi: two indian engineers abducted in south sudan by rebels earlier this month have been released, following intervention by the indian government.
news of the release was tweeted on thursday night by ajay raja, production operator at dar petroleum operating company, south sudan, who thanked external affairs minister for the release of the two indians.
thank you @sushmaswaraj mam for your efforts to release the two indians midhun and edward in south sudan.
my friends are back.
thank you, he tweeted.
on march 9, raja had appealed to sushmaswaraj swaraj for her intervention following the abduction.
our 2 indians kidnapped by criminals @southsudan while in field work since march 8, 17.
@k6270096midhun @j1100553edward @sushmaswaraj.
help mam.
the two men, midhun ganesh, 25, and a. edward, 40, were abducted by the sudan people's liberation army-in opposition (spla-io) on march 8 when they were on field work.
they are employed in the operations and maintenance department of dar petroleum production company, south sudan and belong to tamil nadu.
in a related development, a pakistani engineer who was also employed with dar petroleum and kidnapped in south sudan was released on thursday.
the news of the release of ayaz jamali, who was in the captivity of some group in south sudan, was tweeted by pakistani foreign office spokesperson nafees zakariya.
zakariya posted: we are grateful to the governments of south sudan, china and sudan for their cooperation and support in the successful release of ayaz jamali.
by ptiislamabad: pakistan foreign minister shah mehmood qureshi on wednesday threatened to boycott a meeting of the organisation of islamic cooperation (oic) scheduled for next month in the uae if india's external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj participates in it.
swaraj has been invited as a guest of honour at the inaugural session of the foreign ministers' conclave in abu dhabi on march 1-2.
i have no reservations with the oic or any other islamic country.
my reservations are with indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's attendance at the oic meeting, qureshi told geo news.
if swaraj attends the meeting then i will not participate in it, qureshi said.
follow live updates: india confirms one iaf pilot missing in actionhe said shared that un secretary-general antonio guterres and turkish foreign minister mevlut cavusoglu telephoned him.
we believe india has committed aggression against a brother islamic country and attacked a founding member of the oic, qureshi quoted cavusoglu as saying.
the turkish foreign minister said there is no reason for indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to attend the meeting of the organization of islamic countries (oic) and turkey will fully oppose her invitation and opportunity to address, he added.
watch: surgical strike 2: pak foreign minister on what happened at balakotlast night, qureshi said he spoke to his uae counterpart sheikh abdullah bin zayed al nahyan expressed his reservations over invitation to swaraj.
under the current circumstances, it will not be possible for me to attend oic meeting where swaraj is present, he said.
meanwhile, the oic on tuesday condemned india's incursion and aerial violation in pakistan.
it urged india and pakistan to exercise restraint and avoid any steps that would endanger peace and security in the region.
also read | iaf chopper crashes in budgam district of jammu and kashmir, five deadit called upon both parties to act responsibly and encouraged them to seek peaceful solution to current crisis without resort to use of force.
it also called on them to embrace dialogue and work towards de-escalation of current situation as a matter of priority.
the oic contact group on jammu and kashmir held an emergency meeting at the oic general secretariat in jeddah and expressed deep concern over the heightened tension in the region and called for immediate de-escalation.
the oic is an international organization founded in 1969, consisting of 57 member states, with 40 countries being muslim majority countries.
i am happy to inform that iran has released our 15 fishermen from tamil nadu.
she also thanked the indian embassy in tehran, appreciating their good work for facilitating the release.
the fishermen, working for some baharainians, were detained for entering the iranian waters without permission.
they were said to be confined to their boats since their arrest on september 22.
colombo: the 5,000 tamil nadu fishermen who were to attend the annual st. anthonys feast in kachchativu island on saturday and sunday failed to turn up today.
only sri lankan fishermen are currently participating in the festival which is being held at the renovated and expanded st.anthonys chapel.
the renovation was executed for the diocese of jaffna by the sri lankan navy, free of charge, sri lankan officials said.
indian officials said that they will proceed to the island only if the indian fishermen change their mind and come.
our presence will be useful only if the indian fishermen come, they said.
sri lankan officials and churchmen from the diocese of jaffna are disappointed as they, in conjunction with the sri lankan navy had made all arrangements including breakfast, lunch and dinner packets for the thousands expected to come from tamil nadu.
sri lankan and indian coast guards were in readiness to escort the pilgrims up and down.
however, there is still hope that the fishermen will change their mind and come on sunday-- the actual feast day.
to bring peace to the fishing community stretching from rameswaram in the south to nagapattinam in the north of tamil nadu, the indian and sri lankan governments have started the process of releasing fishermen in each others custody.
fifty were released by sri lanka on friday.
india is expected to follow suit.
the fishermen of tamil nadu on the indian side of palk strait which divides the two countries have been agitating for action against the sri lankan navy for allegedly killing 22-year-old britjo of rameswaram on the india side of the maritime border near kachchativu island.
they have refused to take charge of britjos body till the concerned sri lankan naval rating is arrested.
they are demanding that the indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj come and see them and assure action against sri lanka.
they are also seeking the expulsion of sri lankan diplomats.
the agitation has spread to all coastal areas of tamil nadu and has elicited strong statements from political parties in tamil nadu.
indian vice president hamid ansari took up the issue with sri lankan president maithripala sirisena when he met the latter at the indian ocean summit in indonesia.
after the meeting, the indian and sri lankan governments decided to release all the fishermen in each others custody.
out of the 85indian fishermen in sri lankan custody, 53 were released on friday.
there are 19 sri lankan fishermen in indian custody still.
but this has not assuaged the feelings of the agitating indian fishermen.
they consider it to be inadequate.
they are also sore that sri lanka has not uttered a word about releasing the 134 indian boats in its custody.
sri lanka has denied that its navy had shot britjo.
to prove this, colombo has said that it will investigate on the basis of gps evidence.
india is yet to make its views known on the investigation.
by ptidallas: wesley mathews, the indian-american foster father of 3-year-old sherin mathews, was sentenced to life by a judge in dallas on wednesday for the tragic death of the indian toddler in 2017, in a case that attracted much international attention.
mathews, 39, pleaded guilty monday to a lesser charge of injury to a child in sherin's death.
he was originally charged with capital murder by authorities in the us state of texas after they discovered sherin's body in a culvert near her home.
mathews, dressed in a light grey suit, stared ahead and did not look at jurors as judge amber givens-davis sentenced him to life in prison.
the 12-member jury deliberated wednesday afternoon for about three hours before coming to a unanimous decision to give mathews a sentence of life in the death of sherin.
he will be eligible for parole after 30 years' imprisonment, us media reports said.
mr matthews is obviously saddened by the verdict, said his defense attorney rafael de la garza.
anybody would be, but he knows the jury he respects the jury's decision and he's going to weigh out his options.
also read | sherin mathews murder case: adoptive father wesley pleads guilty to lesser chargeprosecutors argued that mathews, hailing from kerala, killed sherin in october 2017.
she was adopted by mathews and his wife sini mathews from an orphanage in bihar in 2016.
mathews claimed she accidentally choked to death on milk.
he initially told police that sherin went missing on october 7, 2017, after he put her outside their home at 3 am in richardson, texas because she would not drink her milk.
when he checked in on her 15 minutes later, mathews said sherin was missing.
he later admitted she died when he physically assisted her in drinking the milk and got chocked.
sherin's badly decomposed body was found 15 days later in a culvert by a cadaver dog.
reacting to the sentencing, richardson police tweeted that, we feel justice has been served with today's verdict of life in prison given to wesley mathews by a jury of his peers.
we would like to thank the law enforcement agencies and civilian partners for the resources and time spent on this case.
we will always remember sherin mathews, the police said.
prosecutor sherre thomas argued that mathews' testimony was just another lie.
she said testimony and medical records show that it was medically impossible for a child who is 3 years old to stand up and choke to death as mathews claimed.
it means he's still a liar.
it means he killed that little girl.
and when he killed her, he panicked, thomas argued, wfaa tv reported.
read | india to cancel overseas citizenship of india cards of sherin mathews' foster parents, relatives in usshe said mathews also took the time to clean up himself and turned off the location tracker on his phone to try to hide what he had done.
there's nothing left of her, her teeth had fallen out, thomas said.
he covered his crime.
he got away with that.
speaking directly to mathews, prosecutor jason fine said, you told investigators sherin's death was a mistake but by your own words, you caused the death of your daughter and put her lifeless body in a trash bag and disposed of her.
i don't call that a mistake, i call it murder.
sherin's little body was so badly decomposed, due to the actions of this defendant, the medical examiner could not determine an official cause of death which could have dramatically changed the way we were able to prosecute this case, fine told jurors.
while prosecutors asked the jury to hand down a life sentence, defence attorney de la garza argued that mathews was a good father who panicked when his daughter choked and did not call for help.
he argued that prosecutors could not prove that mathews killed his child and said he was only guilty of not calling 911, the emergency helpline.
read | sherin mathew's death: foster parents to be tried separately says us courtduring closing arguments, de la garza walked over to mathews and placed his hands on his shoulders.
this is something he will live with for the rest of his life, the attorney told the jurors.
after the verdict was read, de la garza called the sentence cruel and unusual punishment.
on the witness stand during the sentencing trial, mathews said he panicked after his daughter's accidental death.
he said he wrapped her body in a blue trash bag and dumped her in a culvert so she would be near the home.
thomas argued that sherin suffered abuse the entire time she lived in the us.
medical records show that she had five broken bones that were at various stages of healing.
police charged sherin's foster mother sini, a registered nurse, with child abandonment in november 2017, after her husband told officials the couple left the toddler alone the night of her death while they went to dinner with their biological daughter.
sini's case was dismissed in march this year after prosecutors said they could not prove it beyond a reasonable doubt.
read | sherin's foster mom freed from us jail on lack of evidencesini sat in the courtroom during closing arguments on wednesday.
after the judge read the sentence, she quickly left the courtroom without giving a comment to waiting reporters.
she and wesley mathews were both arrested after sherin's body was found.
the couple later lost custody of their biological daughter.
sherin's death attracted the attention of the indian government and the then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took keen interest in the case and also instructed the indian mission in houston to make sure that the indian toddler received justice.
india revoked the overseas citizenship of india (oci) immigration status of wesley and sini after sherin's death.
the government further tightened the adoption process after sherin's tragic death.
the two time lok sabha member from vidisha seat of the assembly poll-bound madhya pradesh, sushmaswaraj swaraj cited health concerns behind her decision to not contest the upcoming general elections.
the 66-year-old senior bjp leader said she has to take maximum precautions, including avoiding dust, due to which she isnt addressing any open public meetings in election-bound mp and just staying confined to indoor party meetings.
in december 2016, swaraj had undergone kidney transplant at the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) in new delhi, after which she has been taking maximum health-related precautions.
swaraj has been the lok sabha member from vidisha since 2009.
the vidisha seat which neighbours bhopal has been a bjp citadel since 1989.
before swarajs two terms (2009 and 2014), the seat has been represented in the lok sabha by former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee once, five times by present mp cm shivraj singh chouhan and two times by former mp finance minister raghav ji.
as swaraj has been away from her constituency for over a year now, the opposition congress has been making her absence in vidisha a political issue.
posters questioning swarajs absence from vidisha have often been put up in vidisha in the past by congress workers.
located around 60 km from mp capital bhopal, the vidisha district along with seven other districts of mp has been listed by the niti ayog among the most backward districts of the country in march 2018.
swaraj is the second senior woman politician of bjp to have decided not to contest the ls polls.
earlier in february, another union minister and ex-mp cm uma bharti (presently lok sabha member from jhansi in up) had announced not contesting any elections for next three years due to health issues.
bharti, however, had clarified that she isnt retiring from politics.
according to sources, the ruling bjp after swarajs decision to not contest 2019 polls might render her a berth in the rajya sabha.
anuraag singh byexpress news servicebhopal: in the coming lok sabha polls, the battle in madhya pradesh could be mission 29 vs mission 20.
on one hand, unfazed by the loss of power in the state the bjp will work for winning all 29 seats, the congress, enthused by a return to power in the central indian state after 15 years is eyeing to win at least 20 seats.
in the 2014 polls (a year after it won a thumping majority in assembly polls winning 165 seats) the bjp riding the modi wave won 27 out of the 29 lok sabha seats, while the congress was decimated to just two seats, jyotiraditya scindia in guna and present cm kamal nath in his pocket-borough chhindwara.
one of the 27 seats, the ratlam-jhabua seat which was won by the bjp in 2014, however, was later wrested by the congress in 2015 by-election.
both, the congress and the bjp have begun the necessary spadework for the general elections.
while the congress national general secretary in-charge for the state deepak babaria met with senior leaders, including state party president and cm kamal nath in bhopal on thursday, the newly appointed bjp lok sabha in-charge for mp state, the up transport minister swatantra dev singh and co- in charge satish upadhyaya held meeting with state party top brass in bhopal on friday to chalk out the organizational programmes in the run-up to the general elections over the next two months.
while key sources within the state congress unit confided to the new indian express that the party is eyeing to win at least 20 seats in the state, bjp's co in charge for lok sabha polls in mp and ex-delhi bjp chief satish upadhyaya said on friday the party will field winnable candidates who can fetch for the party all 29 seats.
the congress national general secretary deepak babaria also made it clear there was no possibility of cabinet reshuffle/expansion in mp, appointment to state corporations or changes in the party organization before the ls polls.
he confirmed that there was a strong possibility that senior leaders who lost the recent assembly polls in the state could be fielded in the lok sabha polls by the party.
senior congress leaders, who lost the assembly polls in the state, include outgoing leader of opposition ajay singh, ramniwas rawat, outgoing assembly's deputy speaker rajendra singh, ex-minister mukesh naik, state congress working president surendra chowdhary and ex-mp sunderlal tiwari.
key sources in state congress confided that none of the newly elected mlas or ministers will be fielded in the ls polls, owing to the party not having a simple majority in the vidhan sabha on its own.
while the newly appointed bjp in-charge and co- in charge for ls polls in mp state made it clear that nothing about prospective candidates for the 29 seats were discussed in the meeting in bhopal on friday, but informed sources within the party maintained that it won't be surprising if sitting mp's on around 13-15 seats were replaced with new faces.
seats of some big names, like gwalior mp and union minister narendra singh tomar could be changed.
the seats where there is a strong possibility of sitting bjp mp's being denied tickets, include betul, rewa, sagar, rajgarh, satna, mandsaur, sidhi, dewas, hoshangabad, ratlam, khajuraho, vidisha, bhind, morena, gwalior and shahdol.
out of these candidates on three seats are bound to be changed, as sitting mp's from khajuraho and dewas have already vacated their seats after being elected to the vidhan sabha recently, while the vidisha seat too will see a new candidate as the present incumbent, the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has already made it clear she won't contest next ls polls due to health reasons.
if the results of the recent assembly polls are to be taken into account, the bjp seems to be on a sticky wicket in all four seats of gwalior-chambal region, including guna, gwalior, morena and bhind seats, besides other seats, among them burhanpur-khandwa, mandla, balaghat, khargone, ratlam, betul and chhindwara seats.
(right) uzma ahmed is welcomed by family, while union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj consoles one of the family members in new delhi on thursday| shekhar yadavnew delhi: uzma ahmed, the indian woman who was allegedly forced to marry a pakistani man at gunpoint during her visit there, dubbed pakistan a well of death while narrating her ordeal on her return to the national capital on thursday.
seated alongside external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, indian deputy high commissioner in islamabad jp singh, and other senior ministry officials, an emotional uzma said, its easy to enter pakistan but nearly impossible to leave that place.
pakistan is a maut ka kuan (well of death).
ive seen women who go there after arranged marriages.
theyre miserable and living in terrible condition.
there are two, three, even four wives in every house, she said.
she said buner, the area where tahir, the pakistani man who married her at gunpoint, took her after giving her sleeping pills, was like a taliban-controlled region.
uzma said had she stayed there for a few more days she would have been dead.
she broke down several times while recalling her ordeal before the national media.
she thanked swaraj, indian commission officials and other staffers for making her return possible.
uzma, who is in her early twenties, hails from delhi.
she was allowed by the islamabad high court on wednesday to return to india following a plea she filed with the court seeking its direction after her husband tahir ali seized her immigration papers and refused to return the documents.
she entered india through the wagah border crossing near amritsar.
she was accompanied by indian commission officials and escorted by pakistani police personnel.
swaraj showered words of praise on uzmas counsel barrister shahnawaz and justice mohsin akhtar kiyani of the islamabad high court.
new delhi: two indians were among the 39 people killed in the istanbul nightclub attack on sunday during new year celebrations.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj confirmed the deaths tweeting, i have bad news from turkey.
we have lost two indian nationals in the istanbul attack.
the indian ambassador is on the way to istanbul.
the victims are mr. abis rizvi, son of former rajya sabha mp, and ms. khushi shah from gujarat, she said.
the indians were among the foreigners killed, including an 18-year-old israeli woman and a belgian national, in the attack in which around 70 people were injured.
by ptinew delhi: prime minister narendra modi is expected to travel to the maldives early next month, in his first bilateral visit after retaining power in the lok sabha polls, according to diplomatic sources and maldivian media reports.
bhutan was the first country modi had visited in 2014 after becoming prime minister.
diplomatic sources said the prime minister is expected to travel to male in the first half of june, while the maldivian media reported that the visit will take place between june 7-8.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visited the maldives in march, the first full-fledged bilateral trip from india to the island nation after the government of president ibrahim mohamed solih came to power in november last year.
also read: president ramnath kovind appoints narendra modi as prime ministermodi visited the maldives in november to attend solih's swearing-in ceremony, signalling the importance india attaches to the island nation, where china has been trying to expand its influence.
last week, solih congratulated modi for his resounding electoral victory.
the relations between india and the maldives deteriorated after the then president abdulla yameen imposed emergency on february 5 last year.
also read: we are here for all, says conciliatory modi after bowing before constitutionindia had criticised his decision and asked his government to restore the credibility of the electoral and political process by releasing political prisoners.
the emergency had lasted for 45 days.
solih became president in november after he defeated yameen in the presidential polls.
by ptinew delhi: an indian woman was sunday rescued by authorities in bahrain after a bahraini enslaver allegedly threatened to keep her for at least 25 days.
the indian embassy in bahrain announced her rescue on twitter hours after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, in a tweet, directed the indian ambassador in the gulf nation to intervene in the case.
the indian mission said the woman has been rescued by bahraini authorities.
on saturday, humanitarian organisation 'justice upheld' had tweeted that an indian woman has been enslaved by her employer in bahrain and she feared for her life.
the organisation, quoting the enslaver, sunday said he was going to keep her for at least 25 days as he had paid 'lots of money for her'.
he is extremely annoyed that the matter has been reported to the indian authorities.
we are concerned about her safety, the organisation said.
soon after the indian embassy in bahrain, headed by ambassador alok kumar, tweeted that the mission has initiated action to rescue her.
alok - i know you are working for her rescue.
the situation appears to be serious.
this requires immediate intervention on your part.
pls keep me informed, swaraj tweeted.
details of the case, as well as about the woman, are not immediately available.
dear @sushmaswaraj ji, an unusual incident of theft has left us devastated here in chicago while returning back to india.
all our belongings, including passports were stolen from our hotel room booked at edward hotel and there's no one willing to help.
please intervene, jyoti, a member of the family, tweeted.
new delhi: it is a love story transcending borders, but with a twist.
the indian bride-to-be wants her best friend from pakistan to be by her side on the big day.
but they got a taste of the acrimonious relations between india and pakistan as the visa of sarah munir, the bridesmaid from karachi, was rejected.
since then, her best friend from this side of the border has started a campaign on social media to bring her to india for her december 19 wedding.
sarah, a journalist from karachi, met mumbais purvi thacker in 2011 when they both attended columbia journalism schools graduate program.
since then, the two have served as each others support systems in new york where they live, far away from their homes in the subcontinent.
sarah was preparing to attend her best friends wedding in mumbai next month and that is when they felt the heat of tensions between india and pakistan.
sarahs visa was rejected even as she has already been to india to visit purvis family.
undeterred, purvi has started a campaign on social media bring sarah to india.
that my best friend cannot be there for what will be my biggest day is something that i cannot come to terms with.
forget the hustling, the paperwork, the months of coordination and prayerswe didnt know that it would end with a rejection, purvi said in her post on facebook that has since then gone viral.
purvi is hoping that their stories will have a silver lining despite the red tape seeking to instill a sense of division and frustration in them.
purvi wrote, never did wars, religion, shared history, nationality or even cricket matches come between us.
it was not until sarahs visa application to attend my wedding in december was denied on october 31 that we were reminded that politics of hate and fear will create differences even where there are none among ordinary people like us.
purvi even contacted the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on twitter.
sushma, known for her prompt responses, has not replied to her tweet yet.
the minister, however, tweeted asking people to contact her only in case of an emergency.
she said, in distress @meaquery; passports @passportsevamea @cpvindia;visa @cpvindia; pl contact me in case of #sos.
by uninew delhi: india on tuesday carried out a major anti-terror strike against pakistan based and pakistan-sponsored group jaish-e-mohammad destroying a key camp run by un proscribed terrorist masood azhar's kin maulana yousuf azhar, alias ustad ghouri.
the selection of the target was conditioned by our desire to avoid civilian casualties.
the facility is located in a thick forest on a hilltop far away from any civilian presence, foreign secretary vijay gokhale told reporters here.
in an intelligence-led operation in the early hours of today, india struck the biggest training camp of jem in balakot.
credible intelligence was received that jem was attempting another suicide terror attack in various parts of the country, and the 'fidayeen jihadis' were being trained for this purpose.
in the face of imminent danger, a preemptive strike became absolutely necessary, he said.
in this operation, a very large number of jem terrorists, trainers, senior commanders and groups of jihadis who were being trained for fidayeen action were eliminated.
this facility at balakot was headed by maulana yousuf azhar alias ustad ghouri, the brother-in-law of masood azhar, chief of jem.
the government of india is firmly and resolutely committed to taking all necessary measures to fight the menace of terrorism.
hence this non-military preemptive action was specifically targeted at the jem camp, he said.
this organization (jem), which is prescribed by the un, has been responsible of a series of terrorist attacks, including on the indian parliament in december 2001 and the pathankot airbase in january 2016, he said.
on february 14, a suicide terror attack was conducted by jem leading to the martyrdom of 40 brave jawans of the crpf.
jem has been active in pakistan for the last two decades, and is led by masood azhar with its headquarters in bahawalpur.
information regarding the location of training camps in pakistan and pojk (pak-occuppied jammu and kashmir) has been provided to pakistan from time to time, mr gokhale said, adding that pakistan, however, denies their existence.
the existence of such massive training facilities capable of training hundreds of jihadis could not have functioned without the knowledge of pakistan authorities, he said.
he further said, india has been repeatedly urging pakistan to take action against the jem to prevent jihadis from being trained and armed inside pakistan.
pakistan has taken no concrete actions to dismantle the infrastructure of terrorism on its soil.
the operation was carried out in the wee hours.
sources said it was a pre-dawn strike.
the prime minister chaired a crucial meeting of the cabinet committee on security which was attended by national security advisor ajit doval also.
defence minister nirmala sitharaman, finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and home minister rajnath singh -- all members of ccs were present at the meeting.
former army chief gen (retd) v k singh, now mos external affairs minister in a tweet said, they say they want india to bleed with a 1,000 cuts.
we say that each time you attack us, be certain we will get back at you, harder and stronger.
salute the brave pilots of the indian air forces that carried out the strike.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is likely to meet leaders of all political parties in the afternoon, sources said.
unlike the 2016 september surgical strike, when pakistan was in a denial mood, on monday it rather helplessly admitted about the strike saying the indian aircraft intruded from muzaffarabad sector and also released payload.
facing timely and effective response from pakistan air force released payload in haste while escaping which fell near balakot.
no casualties or damage, major general asif ghafoor, spokesperson of pakistan armed forces claimed in his early morning tweet.
meanwhile, pakistan foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi has reportedly postponed his visit to japan and said, india has conducted a violation of the line of control and pakistan reserves the right to an appropriate response.
foreign secretary gokhale said, the government of pakistan had made a solemn commitment in january 2004 not to allow its soil or territory under its control to be used for terrorism against india.
we expect that pakistan lives up to its public commitment and takes follow up actions to dismantle all jem and other camps and hold the terrorists accountable for the actions.
jayanta had tried to escape in august and turned up at the indian embassy but reportedly was denied any help there.
| express photo servicekolkata: the case has come to light here of an automobile engineer held as a slave and subjected to sexual and physical abuse by his employer in riyadh, saudi arabia, for the past seven months.
jayanta biswas, the 23-year-old automobile engineer from mamudpur in naihati in north 24 parganas district, landed in riyadh on may 15 this year after paying three delhi-based agents rs 5.
35 lakh, which he raised by selling off his ancestral agricultural land.
the agents told him he would be paid a salary of rs 30,000 per month.
however, he soon found that the promise was a lie.
he and other youngsters from bangladesh and india were confined in a room in the house of their saudi kafeel (employeer), naeef bookme.
he (jayanta) used to call me and cry that he and other boys were being beaten up regularly by the employer and no food was given.
he revealed that he was being sexually abused regularly, jayantas elder sister ria biswas told new indian express.
jayanta tried to escape captivity in august and went to the indian embassy in riyadh but was denied any help there.
when the employer naeef found jayanta missing, he accused him of theft of 10,000 riyals and booked a case with the saudi police.
jayanta was arrested on august 9 and jailed till october end.
after his release, jayanta again went to the indian embassy.
this time, he was heard, but he was asked to bring a no-objection certificate (noc) from the employer to return to india.
when he returned to his employers house, he was tortured again.
his employer is continuously threatening him with death and now is demanding 3,500 riyals to let him go.
we are scared because of saudi laws have a reputation of cutting off hands, limbs or ears, ria said.
jayantas brother uttam biswas has tweeted the case to the external affairs ministry and to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
other relatives have written letters to prime minister narendra modi and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee and to the website madad.com, which aids indians stuck abroad.
if we do not get any response from the government within two days, our locality dwellers will launch an agitation demanding the return of my brother, ria added.
after securing an engineering degree from a private polytechnic college in raiganj in north dinajpur district in 2014, jayanta worked for six months at a private firm in dehradun.
he was then introduced by a friend to agent muneer ahmed of al hamid manpower consultancy and two other agents h m sadiq and tabrez alam in delhi.
by ptiluxembourg: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today called on prime minister of luxembourg xavier bettel and discussed ways to expand bilateral cooperation in trade and investment, space and people-to-people relationship.
swaraj, who arrived in luxembourg on the third leg of her four-nation tour yesterday, became the first external affairs minister from india to visit the european country.
the minster then had a meeting with minister of foreign and european affairs of luxembourg jean asselborn.
the two leaders discussed cooperation in trade and investment, steel and space, and exchanged views on strengthening india-eu relations, said raveesh kumar spokesperson of the ministry.
during the call on, the two leaders discussed a wide range of issues including enhancing bilateral and india-eu trade and investment ties, digital and space cooperation, fintech and diaspora contribution, the ministry of external affairs said in a statement.
it further said that the two ministers undertook a complete review of india-luxembourg political relations.
they also had extensive discussions on regional and multilateral issues.
trade and investment are the bedrocks of india-luxembourg ties.
the luxembourg headquartered european investment bank recently opened its south asia regional office in new delhi.
a number of indian companies are also listed on the luxembourg stock exchange, the statement said.
india and luxembourg are currently celebrating 70 years of establishment of their diplomatic relations.
swaraj arrived in luxembourg for a two-day visit from france where she met the top french leadership and addressed the indian diaspora.
by ptihouston: in an unexpected turn, the indian-american father, accused of killing his 3-year-old adopted daughter sherin mathews and hiding her body in a culvert in suburban dallas, has pleaded guilty to a lesser charge, according to media reports.
wesley mathews, 39, pleaded guilty to injury to a child by omission even before his capital murder trial opened at a dallas district court on monday.
the lesser charge comes with a lighter possible sentence.
mathews had been charged with capital murder of a person under the age of 10 in the death of his special needs adoptive daughter, sherin, in october 2017.
if convicted, mathews faced life in prison without the possibility of parole.
now, with the charge of first-degree injury to a child by omission, mathews could get probation or face prison and life with the possibility of parole after serving 30 years, nbcdfw.com reported.
read | india to cancel overseas citizenship of india cards of sherin mathews' foster parents, relatives in usit was not clear if this guilty plea removes the additional charges of capital murder and tampering with a corpse, the report said.
but entering the guilty plea immediately moved mathews' trial into the punishment phase on monday, it said.
if he had been found guilty of capital murder, mathews would have faced an automatic life sentence without parole for the minor indian girl's tragic death in october 2017, an incident that attracted much international attention.
mathews, and his wife sini, both from kerala, adopted sherin (born as saraswati) from an orphanage in bihar in 2016.
sini, registered nurse, was initially charged with child endangerment but prosecutors later dropped the charges citing a lack of evidence.
sini, who was present in the court on monday, could be called to testify in the case, the reports said.
the night of sherin's death, the family left her home alone to go out to dinner.
it was on october 7, 2017 when sherin was reported missing by mathews.
he initially claimed that as punishment for not drinking her milk he sent sherin outside at 3 am to stand by a tree outside the backyard of their home in richardson, texas.
when he checked in on her 15 minutes later, mathews said sherin was missing.
two weeks later, when sherin's body was found in a nearby culvert by a cadaver dog, mathews changed his story, claiming he physically assisted his adopted daughter in drinking the milk and that the toddler choked and after coughing for a while her breathing slowed.
read | sherin mathew's death: foster parents to be tried separately says us courtduring a custody hearing for the mathews' biological daughter, a child abuse specialist testified that sherin's body showed signs of abuse and that she had a series of broken bones and injuries, in various stages of healing, that could not have happened prior to her adoption.
during monday's hearing, lead prosecutor jason fine told jurors that the defendant knew exactly where sherin was.
fine said that mathews' character and his actions following sherin's disappearance will persuade the jury that it is left with only one just verdict -- life in prison.
rafael de la garza, mathews' attorney, asked the jury for leniency in his client's punishment.
he noted that mathews does not have a prior criminal history and argued that he is not a threat to the public, dallas morning post quoted the attorney as saying.
he said mathews is remorseful and is expected to testify to provide an honest description of what transpired the night sherin died.
in court on monday, the state played never-before-seen body camera footage of officers interacting with mathews when they first arrived to investigate her disappearance.
in the video, one could see mathews describing to officers what sherin was wearing and also where he last saw her, wfaa tv station reported.
a special agent with the fbi also testified and said that he examined mathews' iphone and found that he stopped sharing his location with his wife sini after sherin reportedly was left outside.
read | sherin's foster mom freed from us jail on lack of evidencea k9 handler also testified and held back tears as she explained finding sherin in the culvert, 15 days after she went missing.
the indian-american couple gave up parental rights to their biological child in january 2018.
the girl was removed from the family's home by child welfare officials after sherin went missing.
she remained in foster care for weeks before she was sent to live with sini mathews' relatives in the houston area.
sherin's death attracted the attention of the indian government and the then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took keen interest in the case and also instructed the indian mission in houston to make sure that the indian toddler received justice.
india further tightened the adoption process after sherin's tragic death.
by ptiislamabad: pakistan prime minister imran khan thursday said he was ready to hold talks with his indian counterpart narendra modi while conceding that it was not in the interest of his country to allow terror activities from its territory.
khan's remarks came a day after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj categorically ruled out the possibility of holding talks with pakistan unless it stops cross-border terror activities.
it is not in our interest to allow use of pakistan's territory for terror outside, khan, who is celebrating 100 days of his government thursday, said during an interaction with a group of indian journalists here.
khan said that people in pakistan want peace with india and he will be happy to meet modi and talk to him on any issue.
read | kartarpur corridor, yes.
talks, no, says indiai am ready for talks on any issue.
there can't be a military solution for kashmir, he said, adding nothing is impossible when asked whether it is possible to resolve the kashmir issue.
the mindset of people here has changed, khan said, a day after he laid the foundation stone for the kartarpur corridor that will connect darbar sahib in pakistan's kartarpur - the final resting place of sikh faith's founder guru nanak dev - with dera baba nanak shrine in india's gurdaspur district and facilitate visa-free movement of indian sikh pilgrims to kartarpur.
pakistan is projecting the corridor as a goodwill gesture.
also read: imran khan once again extends olive branch to india, says war not an optionthe india i know - majority must be appreciating it, khan told the indian journalists who had arrived in pakistan to cover the groundbreaking ceremony of the corridor.
he, however, said the gesture for peace cannot be one-sided.
we are willing to wait for (general) elections to get over in india for a gesture from new delhi, khan said, referring to the lok sabha elections scheduled for next year.
on punishing mumbai attack mastermind and jamat-ud dawah (jud) chief hafiz saeed, who is carrying a usd 10 million us bounty, khan said, there are un sanctions against hafiz saeed.
there is already a clampdown on him.
the jud was declared as a foreign terrorist organisation by the us in june 2014.
the group is a front for the lashkar-e-taiba terror outfit.
saeed is the co-founder of the lashkar-e-taiba, which was responsible for the attacks in which 166 people were killed in november 2008.
he was put under house arrest after the 26/11 attack, but was freed by a court in 2009.
on other accused in the 26/11 case, khan said their is sub judice.
the 26/11 attack case has entered into the 10th year but none of its seven suspects in pakistan has been punished yet, showing that the case had never been in its priority list.
india, which is observing the 10th anniversary of one of the worst terrorist attacks in the country, has been pushing pakistan to bring to justice the planners of the 2008 mumbai attacks.
kolkata: mother teresa will be declared a saint by pope francis of the roman catholic church in a canonisation ceremony in vatican city tomorrow in the presence of over a lakh of her followers from all over the world.
from india, a 12-member central delegation led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and two state government-level delegations from delhi and west bengal led by chief ministers arvind kejriwal and mamata banerjee, respectively, will be in attendance during the function.
nuns at the missionaries of charity, founded by the late nobel laureate nun, said the canonisation in rome will have a special universal significance because of the mother's popularity.
a group of around 40-50 nuns from different parts of the country will be present at the ceremony led by missionaries of charity superior general sister mary prema.
besides archbishop of kolkata thomas d'souza, about 45 bishops from all over india are now in vatican.
in march, pope francis had announced that the mother, who spent 45 years serving the poor and sick on the streets in kolkata, will be elevated to sainthood after the church recognised two miracles attributed to her after her death.
to mark the occasion a series of events are being held in the city where the mother lived and worked all her life.
at the mother house here tomorrow, a special mass will be organised and the nuns have promised to celebrate the occasion with the poorest of the poor.
in 2003, teresa was beatified by then pope john paul ii in a fast-tracked process which is the first step to gaining sainthood.
in 2002, the vatican officially recognised a miracle she was said to have carried out after her death, namely the 1998 healing of a bengali tribal woman, monika besra, who was suffering from an abdominal tumour.
the traditional canonisation procedure requires at least two miracles.
the second miracle was from brazil, where a person had been healed miraculously as a result of her earlier prayers.
members of bimstec - bhutan, bangladesh, india, nepal, sri lanka and thailand -- today represent the polar opposite of a terrorism promoting polity.
she said these are nations were actively promoting connectivity, cooperation and contacts amongst themselves.
their interface with the brics has a message in itself.
this is that a world changing in a positive direction as reflected by the brics has its regional expression in a community like bimstec that is able to visualize a prosperous collective future.
there cannot be a greater contrast with those who reject even trade and connectivity for political reasons.
she said brics meetings have always had an overarching political context underlining that a serious global discourse cannot be the preserve of a few countries with a narrow agenda.
the goa brics summit, she said, represented a further advancement in terms of the breadth and focus of its discussions.
terrorism was universally recognized as a key threat to stability, progress and development.
consequently, it featured strongly in the conference narrative and its eventual outcome.
indeed, what we saw was not just an understanding of the dangers posed by terrorism to the economic aspirations of the world but a growing recognition that this has now become a truly global challenge that the international community can only ignore at its peril.
nay pyi taw: after the heavy exchange of fire between the indian army and the banned insurgent outfit nscn (khaplang) last week in nagaland along the india-myanmar border, both countries on monday agreed to maintain peace and security along the the international border.
this was agreed to during meetings external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had with myanmar president u htin kyaw and state counsellor and foreign minister aung san suu kyi during her day-long visit to nay pyi taw.
both sides agreed to make efforts to ensure peace and security along the long shared border, sources here said.
the myanmar side stated that activities of insurgent groups would not be countenanced from myanmar territory and suggested that this issue should be addressed and taken forward through cooperation in established bilateral forums, they said.
heavy exchange of fire took place on friday between the indian army and the nscn(k) after the soldiers allegedly raided some of the villages along the indo-myanmar border.
according to the state police, the incident took place at about 4 a.
m.
near chenmoho in mon district in nagaland which shares its eastern border with myanmar.
though some reports said that the indian forces crossed into the myanmar side in pursuit of the insurgents, authorities have denied this.
this is the first cabinet-level visit from india to myanmar after suu kyi's national league for democracy (nld) assumed power in march this year, a gesture that myanmar leaders have appreciated, the sources said.
she expressed fullest support to the new myanmar government in its efforts to meet its developmental goals in the country.
suu kyi warmly recalled her long association with india and with indian personalities.
she briefed the external affairs minister on the preparations for the upcoming 21st century panglong conference for national reconciliation, the sources said.
the external affairs minister conveyed india's full support to this process and said india stands ready to extend any necessary help.
both sides also agreed to work together to identify new areas of cooperation where there is much untapped potential.
this includes areas such as agriculture especially pulses, power, renewable energy, skill development, health, education, transport and social development, the sources said.
india is already supplying 3 mw of electricity to myanmar through the moreh-tamu link from the northeastern state of manipur.
the myanmar side also expressed appreciation for the training that 20 myanmar mps had recently received at the bureau of parliamentary studies and training in new delhi.
president u htin kyaw was quoted as satying: india is the country we should get best lessons from on what democracy means.
india's act east policy also came up for discussion and both sides agreed that it fitted neatly into myanmar's needs and as such areas of mutually-beneficial cooperation should be identified in the near future.
according to the sources, sushmaswaraj swaraj extended invitations to both the president and the state counsellor to visit india at their earliest convenience, which were accepted.
israeli president reuven rivlin, center right, talks with india's science and technology minister harsh vardhan, center left, upon his arrival at the palm airport in new delhi, india, monday.
| apnew delhi: israel president reuven rivlin, who arrived here yesterday on an eight-day official visit to india, received a ceremonial welcome in the forecourt of rashtrapati bhawan.
president rivlin was received and welcomed by his indian counterpart pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendra modi, with whom he would hold bilateral talks later in the day.
president mukherjee will also host a banquet in his honour.
i am very honoured and very pleased to be the guest of president mukherjee.
he was along with us a year ago and we are very privileged and honoured today to be here in your great country in india.
thank you so much for welcoming me mr. president, president rivlin told the media after receiving the ceremonial welcome.
the meeting between president rivlin and prime minister modi will take place at 11.
30 a.
m.
, at the hyderabad house, which will be followed by the signing of agreements and press statement at 12.
30 p.
m.
the focus of the talks is likely to be on agricultural cooperation between the two sides.
india and israel enjoy excellent relations marked by strong ties in the areas of economy and commerce, science and technology, research and innovation, culture and tourism, education etc.
vice president mohammad hamid ansari will call on president rivlin at 4 p.
m.
at hotel taj palace, while the visiting president will call on his indian counterpart at the rashtrapati bhawan 7.
30 p.
m.
, which will be followed by a banquet hosted by president mukherjee at 8 p.
m.
later, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will call on the visiting dignitary.
president rivlin will be visiting the taj mahal at 11 a.
m.
on wednesday, followed by a visit to uttar pradesh jal nigam water treatment plant at sikandra at 12 in the noon.
he will return here at 3.
45 p.
m.
president rivlin, who is visiting india on an invitation of president mukherjee, is expected to meet business leaders of both india and israel.
he will also be visiting centre of excellence in agriculture in karnal and will participate in agro tech  2016 on thursday.
new delhi: in a fresh bid to reach out to people of the valley, prime minister narendra modi today said ekta (unity) and mamata (love) are the basic mantras for addressing kashmir problem even as he slammed those pushing innocent children to violence, saying they will have to answer them some day.
seeking to strike a chord with the people of kashmir, he said if any life is lost in the valley, whether of any youth or any securityman, that loss is ours, of our own, of our own country.
speaking on the unrest in the valley in his monthly radio programme 'mann ki baat', modi said, from the interactions i had with all parties on kashmir, one thing emerged from those, which can be put in simple words as 'ekta' and 'mamata'.
these two things were the basic mantra.
he said all the political parties had spoken in one voice on kashmir, sending out a message to the world as well as separatist forces besides conveying our sentiments to the people of kashmir.
he equated it to the passage of landmark gst bill by parliament for which all the parties came together, saying it showed that big tasks can be achieved by walking jointly.
it is the view of all of us, the view of 125 crore people from a pradhan of a village to the prime minister, that if any life is lost in kashmir, whether of any youth or any securityman, that loss is ours, our own country, modi said.
at the same time, he slammed those people who push small children to try to create unrest in kashmir, saying some day, they will have to give answers to these innocent children.
the prime minister's remarks came a day after jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti met him and presented a three-pronged action plan that includes dialogue with all stakeholders.
this country is very big, full of diversities.
to keep it united, it is the responsibility of all of us, as individual citizens, as a society and as a government, to strengthen the unity as much as we can, highlight it as much as we can.
only then can the nation achieve its bright future.
i have confidence in the power of 125 crore people of the country, he said in the 23rd edition of his programme.
during the 35-minute programme, he also talked about the rio olympics and hailed the girl power as he referred to medal winners -- shuttler p v sindhu and wrestler sakshi.
he also hailed gymnast dipa karmakar, who narrowly missed a medal.
he said indian participants in other events like hockey, shooting and boxing also performed well.
but my countrymen, we need to do a lot more.
but if we continue doing what we have been doing, then perhaps we will again be disappointed, he said while mentioning about thousands of messages to him from people who wanted him to speak on the subject of sports in view of poor performance in rio olympics as they were badly disappointed.
in the context of olympics, the prime minister referred to his recent announcement to form a task force under which the government will go deep into the subject, study the best practices in the world and prepare a roadmap for the next three olympic games in 2020, 2024 and 2028.
we have to formulate a long-term programme, he said.
he asked state governments also to form such committees so that impetus could be given to sports.
he said states can also send their suggestions to the centre in this regard.
he said associations linked to sports should also do brain-storming in an unbiased manner.
modi invited even individual citizens, with interest in sports, to write to him or the government.
we should do all preparations and i am confident that the country of 125 crore people, 65 per cent of them youth, will move ahead with this resolve, he said.
he also paid rich tributes to hockey legend dhyan chand on the eve of his birthday.
in the programme, he also spoke about the upcoming event to grant sainthood to mother teresa on september 4 which will be attended by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
he also talked about teacher-student relationship in the context of upcoming teacher's day on september 5, efforts to clean river ganga, swacch bharat abhiyan, eco-friendly ganesh immersion and the recent launch of akashvani maitri radio channel under which content will be shared in bengali by west bengal and bangladesh.
in the context of launch of akashvani maitri channel by president pranab mukherjee recently, modi said india has always maintained that its relations with neighbours should be deep and easy as well as lively.
he also made a mention of an 84-year-old retired woman teacher, who had written to him, mentioning about her giving up lpg subsidy and donating rs 50,000 for women who still use firewood.
he talked about floods in various parts of the country and said efforts are being made by local authorities as well as the central government to provide help to the victims.
speaking about the power of unity, modi said, in august 2016, parties having intense political rivalry, parties which do not let go any chance to attack the other, all came together to pass the gst bill.
there are 90 parties in all, he said.
in the context of teacher's day, he showered praise on p gopichand, a renowned badminton player and coach of p v sindhu, saying he is a shining example of a good teacher who gets deeply involved in his pupil's performance.
he said he would not be able to participate in teacher's day events this year as he would be travelling for g-20 summit in china.
ramananda sengupta byexpress news servicenew delhi: in a highly escalatory move, pakistani fighter jets crossed into indian territory on wednesday morning, and the pilot of a chasing indian mig-21 bison was captured after it was shot down in pakistan occupied kashmir (pok).
pakistan too lost an aircraft, as an f-16 was shot down in the dogfight and its pilot had ejected over pok, officials said.
the tension led to the closure of all airports in j&k, himachal pradesh and punjab, though they were opened later in the day.
in a terse press statement on wednesday afternoon, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar, accompanied by air vice marshal r g k kapoor, said details were being ascertained about pakistans claim of having captured one indian pilot.
in that aerial engagement, one pakistan air force fighter aircraft was shot down by an mig-21 bison of the indian air force.
the pakistani aircraft was seen by ground forces falling from the sky on the pakistan side.
in this engagement, we have unfortunately lost one mig-21.
the pilot is missing in action, he said.
later, in an admission that its pilot had been captured, india summoned pakistans acting high commissioner to lodge a strong protest against pakistans vulgar display of an injured personnel of the iaf in violation of all humanitarian norms and the geneva convention.
india also expects his immediate and safe return, he was told.
india said it reserves the right to take action to protect its security, sovereignty and territorial integrity.
in islamabad, the pakistan army released a 46-second video showing a blindfolded man claiming he is iafs wing commander abhinandan varthaman.
i am an iaf officer.
my service no is 27981, the man is seen saying.
prime minister narendra modi chaired a high-level security meeting and met with the service chiefs in the evening, though details of those discussions were not known at the time of going to press.
for his part, pakistan prime minister imran khan said in a televised address that his countrys air force crossed the line of control only to show its capability.
he urged india to consider talks instead of escalating things further.
i ask india: with the weapons you have and the weapons we have, can we really afford a miscalculation?
if this (situation) escalates, it will no longer be in my control or in narendra modis, he said.
the international community, while endorsing indias strike on a terrorist camp in pakistan on tuesday, urged calm and restraint from both sides.
while the us urged pakistan to take meaningful action against terror groups operating on its soil, us secretary of state mike pompeo said he spoke to pakistans foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi and indias external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
i expressed to both ministers that we encourage india and pakistan to exercise restraint, and avoid escalation at any cost.
i also encouraged both ministers to prioritise direct communication and avoid further military activity, he said.
speaking in moscow, a kremlin spokesman said, we are extremely concerned about the news coming in, we are very closely monitoring the situation and, of course, we urge all parties to show restraint.
president putins press secretary dmitry peskov said, russia is concerned about the aggravation of relations between india and pakistan and calls on both sides to show restraint.
a statement released by the acting spokesperson of the french ministry of europe and foreign affairs, said, france is concerned about the deterioration of the situation.
it calls on pakistan and india for de-escalation.
geneva norms on pow ignoredprisoners of war (pows) are protected against any act of violence, as well as against intimidation, insults, and public curiosity, according to article 13 of the geneva convention.
so, pakistan releasing a video of the captured mig pilot violated the geneva norm.
bhubaneswar: with bjp setting its sight on odisha after its stunning win up and uttarakhand, the stage is ready for partys national executive committee meeting which kicks off in bhubaneswar from saturday.
national bjp president amit shah arrived in the city on friday for the two-day meet.
while shah was given a rousing reception by party workers before being taken in a motor cycle rally to ag square where he paid floral tributes to the statue of br ambedkar to mark the birth anniversary of the father of the constitution, union minister of state for petroleum and natural gas dharmendra pradhan set the tone for the national convention saying that odisha was chosen for the meeting as prime minister narendra modi has planned to make odisha a laboratory in eastern india for its development experiments.
asserting that the bjp will capture power in the state in 2019, pradhan said, people of the state have accepted modi as their leader and they want a change of government in the state which is ruled by the bjd for four terms in a row.
as per a national survey conducted by the party after three years of nda coming to power, odisha has emerged among the top three states were the prime minister is the most popular political figure, pradhan told mediapersons here.
even as there is widespread speculation in political circles about leaders deserting both bjd and congress, pradhan claimed that there is a bee line of leaders from rival political parties to join bjp.
we are ready to accept leaders with clean image.
while prime minister modi will arrive in the city on saturday to attend the national executive meet, the bjp president will have a meeting with national general secretaries of the party later in the day in a city hotel to set the agenda for discussion in the national executive committee meeting.
the agenda will be put up before the party's national office bearers' meeting to be held on saturday for further discussion and the draft agenda will be finally placed in the national convention for ratification and passing of a resolution.
shah is scheduled to participate in a function organised on the occasion of maha bisubha sankranti popularly known as pana sankranti in the state bjp office to celebrate the odia new year.
meanwhile, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj may not participate in the two-day convention due to her health conditions.
for the national executive meeting, massive arrangements have been put in place at janata maidan in the city.
a fully-air-conditioned pandal is being erected on an area of 51,000 square feet out of a total carpet area of 80,000 sq ft which will house a temporary office of prime minister narendra modi.
as many as 334 delegates are expected to attend the national convention.
over 30 union ministers, 13 chief ministers of bjp-ruled states will start arriving from saturday.
to oversee the security for the meet, the state police has deployed 100 platoons of force apart from mobilising crpf, itbp and cisf.
four ig-ranked officers and 15 sps will supervise the extensive security arrangements.
by express news serviceeluru: a newborn baby died allegedly after staff nurses at the primary health centre at pedapadu in west godavari district helped the woman deliver in the absence of the duty doctor late friday night.
it was alleged that though the family members of the woman wanted to shift her to a private hospital, the staff nurses insisted on delivering the baby at the phc itself.
when a jhansirani, underwent tests at the phc, the doctor set may 27 as her delivery date.
however, jhansirani suffered labour pains on friday morning and was taken to the phc.
but she did not deliver till the evening giving anxious moments to her family members.
as her pains increased, the family members wanted to shift jhansirani to a private hospital as the doctor at the phc, dr sushmaswaraj , was not at hand.
however, staff nurses jayalakshmi and sunita assured the woman that they would help her deliver safely and took her into the labour room.
soon after, the nurses told the relatives of jhansirani that the baby died due to complications during delivery.
furious over this, the relatives of jhansirani staged a dharna at the hospital.
the doctor left the hospital by 11 am.
had the staff nurses allowed us to shift her to a private hospital, the mother and child might have been safe, the relatives said and demanded action against the nurses.
the nurses, however, defended their decision saying that it was not the first time they delivered babies.
the newborn died because of complications, they said.
pedapadu rural ci rushed to the village and held discussions with the family members of jhansirani.
it is learnt that the nurses agreed to pay compensation to the victim after which the protest was called off.
new delhi: the congress party on thursday said the visit of pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif's advisor on foreign affairs sartaj aziz be fruitful only is islamabad behaves appropriately.
congress leader p.c. chacko told ani, these are diplomatic moves.
the thing is that on one side the attitude and behaviour of pakistan is highly irresponsible, they should first mend their ways,the visit will only be a visit, it will not have any fruitful affect if pakistan is not behaving properly, he added.
aziz will be attending the heart of asia (hoa) conference in amritsar on december 3 and 4.
the visit comes amid rising tensions along the line of control (loc).
the conference, which will be addressed by prime minister narendra modi and afghan president ashraf ghani, will see the participation of over 40 countries.
the thrust of the meet is to discuss the future of afghanistan in which both india and pakistan are invested.
aziz would be the first senior pakistani official to visit india since the september 10 uri attack, blamed on pakistan-based militants, which led india to pull out of the saarc summit in pakistan in november.
however, it remains unclear whether there would be bilateral talks on the sidelines of the multilateral conference.
in december last year, the meeting of the hoa was hosted by pakistan and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had attended it after which she had bilateral talks with aziz.
islamabad: abdul basit, pakistani high commissioner to new delhi seems to be on poor terms with all indian dignitaries for his hawkish personality and unnecessary aggression highlighted a leading pakistani daily, adding despite being a top diplomat he hasnt met indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
basit who was appointed as the high commissioner in new delhi in february 2014, is being treated as a 'persona-non-grata' by the indian authorities and hence, has not been allowed to meet swaraj or high profile dignitary, reports daily times.
the pakistani daily quoted its sources that indian external affairs minister swaraj did not entertain repeated requests of basit for formal meetings for his hawkish personality and unnecessary aggression adding, none of the policy makers in india feel like meeting him.
he doesn't enjoy personal rapport with any important indian official.
while the job high commissioner in new delhi is regarded as one of the most important diplomatic assignments given the intricate nature of relations between the two arch-rivals, his rigid stance has failed to establish any rapport with the indian authorities.
according to the report, the indian authorities have verbally and informally appealed to pakistan at several occasions to replace basit with someone else, following which the pakistani foreign secretary aizaz chaudhry had also raised the matter with the high commissioner and advised him to keep his cool during tough situations.
though the foreign secretary is said to have wanted the high commissioner to dispel the impression that he was a hawk and always would be no matter whatever the circumstances between the two neighbouring countries is, basits rigid stance has also led to loggerheads with the former at several occasions.
nafees zakria, pakistan foreign office spokesperson has denied that there were differences between chaudhry and basit but, he refused to comment on the fact that the high commissioner never called on the indian external affairs minister or any other high profile indian official.
the lahore-based daily also quoted an indian official saying, whenever we want to issue a dmarche, we prefer not to summon the (pakistani) high commission to the (external affairs) ministry.
we just don't feel comfortable with him.
in 2014, new delhi had cancelled foreign secretary-level talks with pakistan, after basit met with all parties hurriyat conference (aphc) leader shabir shah just days before the dialogue.
basits twitter timeline seems to show him travelling to various parts of india on invitations of different institutes and re-tweeting pictures of picturesque landscapes of pakistan, like his primary task is to promote the country's tourism industry, the daily pointed.
by ptidubai: abu dhabi crown prince mohamed bin zayed al-nahyan thursday telephoned prime minister narendra modi and his pakistani counterpart imran khan as part of his efforts to de-escalate indo-pak tensions and underline the importance of dialogue and communication in resolving differences.
the crown prince, also the deputy supreme commander of the uae armed forces, in a tweet said he talked to prime minister modi and prime minister khan.
tensions have escalated between india and pakistan in the wake of the pulwama attack by pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammed (jem) terror group.
india carried out air strikes against the biggest training camp of jem in balakot.
pakistan retaliated on wednesday.
prime minister khan announced thursday that pakistan will free captured iaf pilot wing commander abhinandan varthaman on friday as a peace gesture, hours after a strong message from india demanding his unconditional release, largely de-escalating tensions between the two nuclear-armed neighbours.
his highness sheikh mohamed bin zayed al nahyan, crown prince of abu dhabi and deputy supreme commander of the uae armed forces, held two phone calls on thursday with prime minister narendra modi of india, and prime minister imran khan of pakistan, his twitter handle said.
also read: ready for talks on all issues including terrorism, pak pm imran tells indiainterestingly, his tweet came a day before the uae hosts the organisation of islamic cooperation meeting in abu dhabi on friday.
india has been invited for the first time to attend the foreign ministers' conclave in abu dhabi where external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will be the guest of honour.
pakistan, a member of the oic, has conveyed its reservations over swaraj's presence at the meeting.
saudi foreign minister adel al jubeir is also scheduled to visit islamabad on thursday carrying an important message from the saudi crown prince muhammad bin salman, reports from pakistan said.
meanwhile, the official wam emirates news agency, reporting on the abu dhabi crown prince's talks with prime minister modi and pakistan prime minister khan said, his highness and the two prime ministers exchanged talks on recent developments in the india-pakistan arena.
sheikh mohamed emphasised the importance behind dealing with these worrying developments, and working towards easing tensions between the two countries, prioritising dialogue and communication between the parties, it said.
the abu dhabi crown prince stressed the uae's will to support positive relations between the two neighbouring countries, noting the common historical and cultural ties that brings them together, the report said.
sheikh mohammed underscored the uae's keenness on ensuring peace and stability in india-pakistan ties, expressing his great confidence in the two countries' leadership prioritising peaceful dialogue in dealing with the developments that have occurred in the past few days, it added.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday sought report from the uttar pradesh government over the attack on four nigerian students, who sustained severe injuries after being assaulted by a group of local residents in greater noida's pari chowk area.
i have asked for a report from government of uttar pradesh about the reported attack on african students in noida.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 27, 2017the incident comes as locals protested following the death of a class 12 student in greater noida's nsg black cats enclave due to suspected drug overdose and five nigerian students living in the neighbourhood were booked - and later detained - in connection with the case.
the students were later released for lack of evidence.
over 100 locals held a protest at the busy junction demanding that all africans living in residential colonies in greater noida be asked to vacate their rented houses immediately.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday met a delegation of tamil nadu fishermen and talked about early implementation of rs 1,500 crore package to augment deep-sea fishing capacity of the fishermen in the state.
the external affairs minister reiterated the union governments commitment for early implementation of the rs 1,500 crore package to develop deep-sea fishing capacities for fishermen in tamil nadu and informed that the initial financial allotment in this regard has been made.
the fishermen in the state have been on the edge as killing of an indian fishermen in the waters between india and sri lanka on march 6 has underlined the dependency of their livelihood on good relation and early resolution of the issues between the two countries.
sources in the ministry of external affairs (mea) said that the fishermen, accompanied by union minister of state for road transport and highways, shipping pon radhakrishnan and members of parliament (mps) l ganeshan and anwar raajha, apprised swaraj of the difficulties faced by them in attending to their livelihood through fishing in waters between india and sri lanka.
the sri lankan navy had arrested 85 indian fishermen and had seized their boats as well after the firing incident.
the fishermen were assured that the sri lankan government is conducting a thorough investigation in the killing of the indian fishermen.
she also highlighted that efforts taken by the indian government in the last two years had led to release of all boats and fishermen by sri lanka.
however, the fishing trawlers seized by the sri lankan navy continue to remain in its custody as the sri lankan fishermen continue to oppose the indian fishing trawlers that, they say, has been harming the marine ecosystem in sri lankan waters.
the protests following the death of the fisherman on march 6 were pegged on the core demand of peaceful and a long-standing solution to the issues miring fishing activities and restoration of their traditional rights in the palk strait.
by express news servicejinnah house to come to life againthe majestic jinnah house, located opposite the official residence of the maharashtra chief minister, is likely to come to life once again soon.
the external affairs ministry has decided to take it over and develop it on the lines of hyderabad house at delhi, to be used as a venue for meetings with international delegates, union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has written to local mla mangalprabhat lodha, who had been following up the issue for a long time.
the father of pakistan, muhammad ali jinnah, built the house after he returned to india from self-exile in london in 1934, and stayed there until he left for the then 'would be' pakistan on august 7, 1947.
built in place of a small bungalow inherited from his parsi wife, this house was very dear to jinnah.
queen's necklace turns 98mumbai's iconic marine drive turned 98 this week.
work on this iconic pathway started on december 18, 1915 and was completed in 1920, says a plaque near girgaum chaupati.
the 3.
6-km road is a major attraction for tourists coming to mumbai.
it was built to enable the citizens to enjoy fresh air from the sea.
while this shows the foresight of the planners, the fact that the road never needed repairs for 72 years speaks about the quality of the work.
built by reclaiming 440 acres of land from the sea, the road is blessing during the monsoon, when huge waves crash on its sides and drench it.
monorail back on track?
the monorail project was primarily conceived as feeder to the metro rail projects in mumbai city.
but the route that was planned to connect mumbai central, in the heart of the city, to the refineries on the eastern coast could never really pick up.
difficulties in completing the elevated route in thickly populated central mumbai forced the project to remain confined only to a small portion.
when the possibilities of its expansion became visible, a series of accidents forced it to shut down.
finally, malaysian company scomi engineering abandoned the project halfway.
the mmrda, which owns the project, has now taken over the responsibility of running it.
this has revived hopes that the project would be back on the wheels again.
vehicle test track sees greens redmumbai has four rtos, but none of them had the mandatory 250-metre-long track for testing vehicle fitness.
the bombay high court had directed the state government to have such a track in place.
however, when the state government finally handed over a piece of land to the rto for the propose about a fortnight back, it made green activists in the city see red, as the track would be located in aarey colony in the western suburbs.
the activists feel that the track would disturb the area that forms the periphery of the jungle of sanjay gandhi national park, and lead to more pollution.
now the case is likely to go back to court.
mumbai: condemning the narendra modi-led governments move to launch a diplomatic war against islamabad after the dastardly uri attack, the shiv sena on monday said that the centre is simply having war of words with pakistan rather than taking some serious actions against the neighbouring nation.
solders are losing their lives and we are still busy in giving warning to pakistan and appreciating our efforts.
but the truth is if pakistan really wants to have war with us then we are also ready, the sena said in its editorial, saamna.
the shiv sena further asserted that the cantre is talking about isolating pakistan, but eventually all the supporters of india can be witnessed maintaining their friendship with islamabad whether it be russia with its joint drill, indonesia which provided defence equipment or organisation of islamic cooperation (oic) who has extended its support to pakistan openly and is willing to send fact finding committee to kashmir.
no matter how much hue and cry we make to isolate pakistan after the uri attack on the international forum, the truth remains that all these efforts are useless.
in fact a new fear has cropped up that india might face isolation on the global platform, the editorial said.
the bjp ally emphasised that pakistans statement asserting that the uri attack took place because of the kashmir unrest, somehow indicates that they accepted their involvement in the attack.
on indias decision to provide evidence in the united nations against pakistan, the shiv sena said that since the un is asserting to resolve the issue bilaterally, then there is no use of providing evidence on this issue.
earlier on saturday, the prime minister launched a scathing attack on pakistan and said that india would never forget the uri terror attack and would make all efforts to isolate islamabad globally.
a day will come when the people of pakistan will go against their own government to fight terrorism.
india has been successful in isolating you (pakistan) globally, and we will intensify our efforts to make sure that you are isolated globally.
the people of pakistan should ask their leaders that india and pakistan got freedom in the same year, but india exports software and your (pakistan) leaders are exporting terrorists, said prime minister modi, while addressing a public rally in kozhikode.
meanwhile, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will address the un general assembly in new york today, where she is expected to give a stinging response to pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif's unga speech.
outlining india's focus for the un general assembly session, new delhi's envoy to the un syed akbaruddin said terrorism is the primary concern for india as well as for nations across the world.
he listed reform of the un security council, sustainable development, climate change and peacekeeping as other priorities for india in the current unga session.
external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup also said that one can also expect a continued focus from india on the theme of terrorism which is today undoubtedly the single biggest challenge to international peace and security.
new delhi: following a father's youtube sos that his daughter was being mistreated by her in-laws in pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said the indian high commission had met the victim and was ensuring her safety and return to india.
sushma swaraj tweeted that she received a youtube message from mohammad akbar that his daughter mohammadia begum, an indian national, was married to a person in pakistan and was being ill-treated by her in-laws.
our mission sent a note verbale requesting the safety, security and well-being of mohammadia begum, she said.
our high commission officials met mohammadia begum and she expressed her desire to return to india.
meanwhile, mohammedi begum (the name on her passport) spoke to her mother hajara begum over phone and informed that her husband muhammad younis beat her up and locked her in a room after indian high commission officials met her.
the 44-year-old broke down while narrating the ill-treatment at the hands of her husband and in-laws.
the mother advised her to have patience and wait for the help from the high commission.
hajara begum said younis had been abusing her daughter.
he even tells the children to keep themselves away from her as she is a hindustani and all hindustanis are hindus.
younis has even threatened that he will not allow her go back to india alive.
he reportedly married another woman, a pakistani.
hajara begum said her daughter had turned very weak due to physical and mental torture and needs immediate medical help.
mohammedi begum and younis have five children -- three sons and two daughters.
the youngest son is nine-year-old and he was born in pakistan while the other children were born in muscat, oman.
if the children come with her that will be good but my appeal is that she should be brought home immediately, said hajara begum.
it was on march 16 that sushmaswaraj had sought a report from india high commissioner gautam bambawale.
mohammedi begum's father mohammed akbar, a cycle mechanic, had earlier sent an e-mail to sushmaswaraj swaraj in january seeking her help in bringing back his daughter.
he alleged that muhammad younis, who concealed his actual nationality and claimed to be from oman, married her in 1996.
the 'nikah' was performed over telephone through some agent and begum joined younis, a mechanic, in muscat.
after 12 years of marriage, begum got a shock when younis, who had lost his job, disclosed that he was a pakistani.
mohammedi begum had visited hyderabad in 2012.
her father said this was her only visit to india in 21 years.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today rubbished reports that congress leader shashi tharoor will help the narendra modi government in drafting a statement on kulbhushan jadhav to be read out in parliament.
there is no dearth of talent in my ministry.
i have the assistance of very able secretaries, she said in curt tweet.
she also posted the news report to which she was reacting.
according to the news report, tharoor, also former minister of state for foreign affairs, will help the government draft the 'statement of solidarity' on the issue of kulbhushan jadhav.
this statement will be adopted by both houses of parliament.
the request to draft the resolution came from swaraj after parliament today condemned pakistan for sentencing kulbhushan jadhav to death, the report said.
jadhav, a former indian navy officer, has been sentenced to death by a military court in pakistan on the charges of espionage and sabotage activities, triggering outrage in india.
there is no evidence of wrongdoing by jadhav.
new delhi: mother teresa's canonisation portends more conversions to christianity, an issue that prime minister narendra modi should have considered before deciding to send a delegation to the vatican, the vhp said on sunday.
the canonisation of mother teresa is an alarm bell that now there would be more conversions in india and more funds (for conversions) would be routed to india, vishwa hindu parishad (vhp) international joint general secretary surendra jain said here.
he said granting of sainthood to a person based on miracles attributed to them was not practical in today's times.
do you expect miracles to happen in this age, he wondered.
jain warned that with more conversions, there would be more unrest in the society.
he said modi should have considered the issue before deciding to send an official indian delegation to the canonisation ceremony at the vatican.
the issue of mother teresa's services vis-a-vis religious conversions is not new.
we have been raising it for years.
i think the prime minister should have thought over it before he decided to send an official delegation to the vatican, jain said.
an official indian delegation led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is scheduled to attend mother teresa's canonisation ceremony at the vatican on september 4.
on sunday, prime minister narendra modi in his 'mann ki baat' radio address paid tributes to the late catholic nun for her services to the poor of india, saying that indians should be proud that mother teresa is being officially declared a saint.
the nun founded the missionaries of charity, a roman catholic religious congregation that runs hospices in india.
she died in 1997.
by ptilahore: a pakistani lawmaker from prime minister imran khan's party has met top indian leaders, including prime minister narendra modi, as islamabad started backdoor contacts with new delhi to defuse tensions between the two sides in the wake of the pulwama terror attack, a media report said sunday.
the government has begun backdoor contacts with india and the ruling pakistan tehreek-e-insaf (pti) leader ramesh kumar vankwani, who was in india last week, has met prime minister modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, the express tribune reported.
i have communicated a positive note to the indian leaders and i hope there will now be a change in their behaviour, vankwani said on saturday while talking to the paper over telephone.
he also met minster of state for external affairs general vk singh, who has also served as the chief of the indian army.
the sindh-based pti leader, who is a lawmaker on minority seat, is in india as part of a 220-member delegation from 185 countries who attended the kumbh mela on an invite of the indian government.
his visit comes amid heightened tensions between the two countries in the wake of february 14 suicide attack by jaish-e-mohammad that killed at least 40 crpf soldiers in jammu and kashmir's pulwama district.
days after the pulwama attack, prime minister modi said security forces have been given free hand to avenge the dastardly act.
vankwani said he met modi during an event and the indian prime minister met him warmly, the paper reported.
he said he told modi that he had come with a positive message and wanted to return with a positive message.
he said later on modi's directive, swaraj also held a 25-minute-long meeting with him, the paper said.
i told the indian foreign minister that in pakistan its captain's (imran khan) government now; he is a pathan and he does what he says.
we assure you that no pakistani institution is involved in pulwama attack.
if india provides evidence, we will facilitate the investigation, the paper quoted vankwani as saying.
according to the pti leader, he told swaraj that the two countries need to take lessons from past and not to hold on to it.
enmity can be brought to an end by befriending the enemy, he said, adding that he himself has returned after ganga ashnan (ablution) and never tells lies.
i told them that we need to get out of politics of accusations, he was quoted as saying by the paper.
according to vankwani, after the meeting he felts that the atmosphere was beginning to thaw.
indian pm during his rajasthan rally has hinted at holding dialogue with pakistan, he added.
amaravathi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was at it again, this time helping out a septuagenarian couple from andhra pradesh get passports for their differently-abled daughters.
swaraj, who is known to react promptly to sos messages on twitter, responded equally to a petition on change.org, an online platform for social change, and sent the passport officials to the couple for assistance.
the couple - rallapalli rama subba rao and subbalakshmi - from nellore in andhra pradesh was overjoyed when officials of the regional passport office came knocking on their door today to enable their differently-abled daughters get their passports at their home.
rao, a retired tehsildar, filed a petition on change.org yesterday about the plight of his polio-affiliated daughters and their difficulty in making a personal appearance at the passport office.
the union minister, in response, last night tweeted, i have gone through your petition.
we will definitely help and sought his personal details.
accordingly, officials from the rpo contacted the couple at their residence while the district special branch police too completed the necessary formalities.
the couple, which took care of the two daughters for over 40 years, now wanted to send them to the care of their brothers settled abroad and hence the need for passports.
we are overjoyed that sushmaswaraj swaraj ji responded to our petition.
we are deeply grateful to her for offering help in getting our daughters' passports, rao said.
passport officials have already contacted us and taken the details, he said.
sushma ji's prompt action restores our faith in good governance and i am really happy that our ministers are helping people, the retired tehsildar added.
new delhi: india today raised with china its blocking of jaish-e-mohammad (jem) chief masood azhar's banning by the un as well as beijing's opposition to india's nsg membership bid for which the two sides agreed to have a meeting soon between their top disarmament officials.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her chinese counterpart wang yi, during their talks, also decided to put in place a new mechanism at the level of foreign secretaries to discuss various aspects of bilateral ties which have witnessed strain in the recent past.
swaraj also conveyed to wang, india's concerns on the china-pakistan economic corridor in pakistan-occupied kashmir during the three-hour-long discussion including over lunch.
they reviewed the situation on the border and discussed further steps to strengthen peace and tranquillity.
earlier in the day, wang also called on prime minister narendra modi and a number of issues were discussed during the 20-minute-long meeting.
lengthy discussion were held on india's nsg membership.
swaraj outlined importance of meeting our clean energy goals in the context of cop-21.
india offered to discuss any technical issues china may have.
it was agreed that the dgs of disarmament of the two countries would meet soon, official sources said.
china had scuttled india's bid for membership of the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) at the plenary meeting of the 48-nation grouping in june on the grounds that it was not a signatory to the nuclear non-proliferation treaty (npt), evoking a strong reaction from india.
india had said china was the only country that put a road block to its nsg membership.
swaraj also raised the issue of china blocking india's efforts to get jem chief azhar, mastermind of the mumbai and pathankot terror attacks, banned by the un.
china's technical hold on listing of masood azhar in the unsc 1267 committee was also taken up.
china was urged to revisit its technical hold in line with its own professed zero tolerance towards terrorism, the sources said.
they said the situation on the border was also reviewed and further steps to strengthen peace and tranquillity were discussed.
a new mechanism at the level of foreign secretaries agreed to discuss ties, the sources said.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who underwent a kidney transplant at aiims 10 days back, is being discharged from the hospital today.
sushma swaraj, who underwent kidney transplant operation on 10th december 2016, has shown steady recovery and is being discharged from hospital today, the aiims said in a statement.
it further said her postoperative recovery was closely monitored by a team of transplant surgeons, physicians, critical care experts and physiotherapists.
new delhi: even if you are stuck on the mars, indian embassy there will help you, is how external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj responded today when a member of twitterati made a tongue-in-cheek comment.
swaraj's reply came after karan saini tweeted, @sushmaswaraj, i am stuck on mars, food sent via .
.
.
mangalyaan (987 days ago), is running out, when is .
.
.
mangalyaan-ii being sent ?
@isro.
even if you are stuck on the mars, indian embassy there will help you.
https://t.
co/smg1oxkzxd  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) june 8, 2017the external affairs minister is known for using the social media to reach out to indians in dire situations and help them.
while swaraj got a lot of praise for her reply, saini was ridiculed by netizens.
when someone truly does a great job, the least you can do is 'respect' the person !
mocking them will get you attention but not respect, tweeted a user.
following some of the critical tweets, saini tweeted, my and our respect for @isro and foreign affairs team is skyhigh, my tweet was purely humorous in nature #nationfirstnocompromise.
by ptisingapore: singapore foreign affairs minister vivian balakrishnan on wednesday remembered former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's warm friendship and said that she represented india on the world stage and fought tirelessly for indian citizens.
also read: rip sushmaswaraj swaraj - super mom who rescued stranded indiansmourning the demise of the senior bjp leader, balakrishnan tweeted, i met her countless times, and will always recall her warm friendship and wise counsel.
our hearts are broken by her loss.
sushma swaraj was a wonderful lady, always full of life, as she represented india on the world stage and fought tirelessly for her citizens, wrote the singapore minister.
sushma swaraj was a wonderful lady, always full of life, as she represented india on the world stage and fought tirelessly for her citizens.
i met her countless times, and will always recall her warm friendship and wise counsel.
our hearts are broken by her loss.
https://t.
co/ub06evdsq2  vivian balakrishnan (@vivianbala) august 7, 2019swaraj passed away at the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) in new delhi on tuesday night after suffering a cardiac arrest.
she was 67.
by ptinew delhi: india today withdrew the 'most-favoured nation' status to pakistan following the deadly pulwama terror attack and said it will take all steps to isolate the neighbouring country globally.
in a media briefing after the meeting of the cabinet committee on security(ccs), finance minister arun jaitley said all efforts will be made to ensure that perpetrators of the attack are brought to book.
read : us experts suspect pakistan spy agency isi role in pulwama terrorist attackthe most favoured nation status to pakistan stands revoked, he said after the ccs meeting at the prime minister's residence.
most favoured nation (mfn) status is given to a trade partner to ensure non-discriminatory trade between two countries.
india granted mfn status to pakistan in 1996.
talking tough, jaitley said those aiding and abating the perpetrators will have to pay a heavy price.
read | adil ahmad, man behind pulwama terror attack once led prayershe said the ministry of external affairs will launch an all out effort to isolate pakistan and all diplomatic efforts will be launched in this regard.
mea will initiate all possible diplomatic steps which are to be taken to ensure complete isolation of pakistan in the international community, he said, adding incontrovertible evidence is available of pakistan's direct hand in this gruesome terrorist attack.
sounding a warning to perpetrators, jaitley said that those behind the attacks will pay a heavy price for it.
home minister rajnath singh will be visiting srinagar on friday and would convene an all-party meeting most likely on saturday to brief political parties on the incident so that the nation speaks in one voice on the issue.
the cabinet committee on security meet was chaired by prime minister narendra modi to discuss the security scenario in jammu and kashmir in the wake of the pulwama terror attack.
it was attended by defence minister nirmala sithraman, finance miniser arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
forty crpf personnel were killed and five injured on thursday in one of the deadliest terror attacks in jammu and kashmir when a jaish suicide bomber rammed a vehicle carrying over 100 kg of explosives into their bus in pulwama district.
by ptimumbai: back home after six years in a pakistani jail, software engineer hamid nihal ansari thursday said he wants to move on, instead of 'reopening old wounds' about the pain he endured during this period.
ansari, 33, who reached mumbai to a cheering welcome by friends and relatives, said he wants to get a job and then find a suitable match for himself (pehle naukri phir chhokri).
i don't want to recall what happened with me (while in pakistan).
i want to look at the future, he said.
also read | hamid nihal ansari returns to india after spending six years in pakistan jailansari was arrested in pakistan in 2012 for allegedly entering that country from afghanistan reportedly to meet a woman he had befriended online.
pakistan slapped espionage charges against him.
he was repatriated on tuesday and handed over to india at the wagah-attari border.
ansari and his parents landed here thursday morning from delhi by an air india flight.
relatives, friends and well-wishers greeted and cheered for him as he came out of the airport.
the family then left for their residence in suburban versova.
when they reached home, they were greeted by a large number of neighbours who were waiting to catch his glimpse.
speaking to media persons at the airport, ansari said, i made some mistakes but now i want to look ahead to the future.
i can't describe my feelings of the moment i crossed the border and touched the indian soil and caught a glimpse of my parents, who were waiting on the indian side, he said.
i then realised how much they must have suffered for me.
i wanted to meet them immediately, but could not as i was on the pakistani side for some time, ansari said.
asked about an eye injury he apparently suffered during interrogation at the pakistani prison, ansari said the interrogation process cannot be avoided.
during the interrogation, the retina of my eye got ruptured.
but, they admitted me to a government hospital and it was treated.
they compensated for it (treatment), he said.
ansari attributed an alleged attack on him in peshawar prison to a misunderstanding which escalated.
on his plans, the software engineer said first there will be a celebration with the family.
i have to find a job and after that i also have to find a woman to get married, he said.
ansari was imprisoned in the peshawar jail after being sentenced by a military court on december 15, 2015.
according to official sources, india issued 96 notes verbales to pakistan seeking consular access to ansari.
the decision to release him was taken due to relentless pressure from new delhi, they said.
shortly before he reached india, his mother fauzia had told reporters that the prayers of the family and of all those who wished for his safe return were answered.
his father nihal had said it was a new dawn for them.
ansari and his family have thanked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her ministry for persisting with the case and taking it up with islamabad.
his jail term ended on december 15 but he was not able to leave for india as his legal documents were not ready.
on thursday, the peshawar high court gave pakistan government a month's time to complete his repatriation process.
ansari had an emotional interaction with swaraj on wednesday as he narrated the difficult phase he had to endure through in pakistan.
by ptinew delhi: iranian foreign minister mohammad javad zarif will arrive here on tuesday to hold talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj primarily on the impact of the us ending waivers on import of oil from iran, and ways to deal with it, official sources said.
according to the ministry of external affairs, zarif will arrive at 11.
45 pm on tuesday and depart at 2:30 pm on wednesday.
his visit comes, 12 days after six-month-long exemptions from the us sanctions to india and seven other countries to buy oil from iran ended.
the issue is expected to figure prominently in the talks, the sources said.
after the exemptions expired on may 2, india said it will deal with the issue based on three factors -- the country's energy security, commercial consideration and economic interests.
external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said india was prepared to deal with the impact of the us decision.
in may last year, the us had brought back sanctions on iran after withdrawing from the iran nuclear deal which was struck in 2015.
the us had told india and other countries to cut oil imports from the gulf nation to zero by november 4 or face sanctions.
however, washington had granted a six-month waiver from sanctions to eight countries, including india.
india, which is the second biggest purchaser of iranian oil after china, had agreed to restrict its monthly purchase to 1.
25 million tonnes or 15 million tonne in a year (300,000 barrels per day), down from 22.
6 million tonne (452,000 barrels per day) bought in the 2017-18 financial year.
the world's third-biggest oil consumer, india meets more than 80 per cent of its oil needs through imports.
iran is its third largest supplier after iraq and saudi arabia and meets about 10 per cent of its total needs.
sources said the chabahar port project is also likely to figure in the meeting between zarif and swaraj.
indo-iran ties have been on an upswing in the last few years.
prime minister modi visited tehran in may 2016 with an aim to craft a strategic relationship with iran and expand india's ties with west asia.
during the visit, india and iran signed nearly a dozen pacts, the centrepiece of which was an agreement on the development of chabahar port.
later, india, iran and afghanistan signed a trilateral pact providing for transport of goods among the three countries through the port.
by ptinoida: the noida police on friday registered a case against e-commerce giant amazon for allegedly hurting hindu sentiments after rugs and toilet seat covers with pictures of hindu gods were available for sale on its us website.
an online campaign to boycott amazon was initiated by several social media users thursday over the issue, with an amazon spokesperson saying all sellers must follow the company's selling guidelines and those who do not comply will be subject to action, including potential removal of their account.
the products in question are being removed from our store, the spokesperson added.
read | amazon faces boycott call after doormats with images of indian deities go on salea complaint was made at the sector 58 police station for allegedly promoting enmity between different groups on grounds of religion, the police said.
the foreign-based company regularly puts up products on its website which hurts the sentiments of hindus.
this may lead to communal tension in our country anytime.
hence, it's a request to take strict action against the company so that such incidents are not repeated and hindus can live with their pride and dignity peacefully, complainant vikas mishra said.
circle officer, noida 2nd, piyush kumar singh said the fir has been registered under section 153a of the indian penal code -- promoting enmity between different groups on grounds of religion, race, place of birth, residence, language, etc and doing acts prejudicial to maintenance of harmony.
the matter is being probed, he added.
in 2017, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had received several complaints about amazon selling flip-flops with mahatma gandhi's image.
there were also reports of amazon canada selling on its platform doormats depicting indian flag.
by ptinew delhi: the lok sabha was adjourned on wednesday till noon following protests by congress, shiv sena and aiadmk members demanding jpc probe on the rafale deal, construction of ram temple in ayodhya and justice for farmers of the cauvery delta respectively.
as soon as the question hour began after obituary references to 11 former mps, members belonging to the congress, shiv sena and aiadmk trooped into the well-carrying banners and shouting slogans.
congress members demanded a probe by a joint parliamentary committee into the alleged corruption in the rafale aircraft deal while shiv sena mps staged protests demanding immediate construction of the ram temple in ayodhya.
members belonging to the aiadmk raised slogans demanding justice for tamil nadu farmers living along the cauvery delta.
speaker sumitra mahajan tried to pacify members but in vain.
as the pandemonium continued, the speaker adjourned the house till noon.
prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, senior bjp leader l k advani, congress leaders sonia gandhi, mallikarjun kharge besides others were present in the house.
by ptiwuzhen: the pulwama terrorist attack and the listing of pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammad chief masood azhar as a global terrorist by the un is expected to figure prominently at russia, india and china (ric) foreign ministers' meeting being held here on wednesday.
also read | pakistan fm calls emergency meeting after iaf air strikes in pokbesides attending the annual trilateral meeting, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj would also hold bilateral talks with her chinese and russian counterparts on the sidelines of the meeting in which the listing of azhar by the un's 1267 committee is expected to figure.
swaraj's meeting with chinese foreign minister wang yi assumes significance as it is the first high-level interaction between the two countries after the pulwama terror attack that left 40 crpf personnel dead.
china, a veto-wielding member, has consistently blocked india, the us, the uk and france's efforts to list azhar as a global terrorist since 2016 but endorsed a scathing statement issued by un security council on february 21 on the pulwama attack.
the unsc statement on the pulwama attack stated that the members of the security council condemned in the strongest terms the heinous and cowardly suicide bombing in jammu and kashmir, which left 40 indian paramilitary forces dead and dozens wounded on february 14, 2019, for which jaish-e-mohammed has claimed responsibility.
but after endorsing the statement in which jem has been named, china the next day in an apparent attempt to placate pakistan sought to play it down, saying that the mention of jem in the statement was only in general terms and does not represent a judgement.
the issue of listing of azhar as a global terrorist by the un is expected to come up before the 1267 committee of the un security council again as france, also a veto-wielding member of the high-power un body, said it would move the resolution again.
the issue is also expected to figure prominently in swaraj's talks with russian foreign minister, sergei lavrov.
this is the 16th meeting of the ric foreign ministers.
during the meeting, the three foreign ministers will focus on the implementation of our leaders' consensus and exchange views on major international regional issues of common concern and deepening trilateral cooperation.
i am sure this meeting will achieve positive outcomes, chinese foreign minister geng shuang told a media briefing in beijing on february 20.
by iansnew delhi: maintaining a balance between ties with the us and russia, talks on free trade agreements with europe and southeast asia, and making the indo-pacific concept gain global acceptability will be among india's top foreign policy priorities in the year ahead.
analysts believe that, for india, which has good relations with both the us and russia, maintaining a balance between ties with these two major global powers will be a challenge through 2019.
in 2018, a new milestone was reached when the first ever india-us 2+2 ministerial dialogue was held in which external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, defence minister nirmala sithraman, us secretary of state mike pompeo and then defence secretary jim mattis participated.
a key highlight of the meeting was the signing of the communications compatibility and security agreement (comcasa) by the two sides.
comcasa guarantees india access to critical us defence technologies and communication networks to help the militaries of the two countries in their inter-operability.
meanwhile, vladimir putin, after being re-elected russian president for the fourth time, hosted prime minister narendra modi for an informal summit in the resort city of sochi, something unprecedented.
following, the meeting modi said that it took the special and privileged strategic partnership between india and russia to a new level.
this was before the annual bilateral summit between modi and putin in new delhi in october during which the crucial agreement to procure the s-400 triumf long-range surface-to-air missile system from russia was signed.
the s-400 missile deal has been an issue of much speculation after the trump administration's countering america's adversaries through sanctions act (caatsa) law came into effect in january.
caatsa targets countries doing business with russian, iranian and north korean defence companies.
according to the analysts here, with the us on one side and russia on the other -- and with issue-based support from china -- india will have its task cut out at international forums like the un security council, wto and the organisation for prevention of chemical weapons in trying to preserve its space.
i think it is going to be challenge here and we will have to navigate very carefully, one analyst put it succinctly.
another challenge before the external affairs ministry will be to conduct successful negotiations for the regional comprehensive economic partnership (rcep) with the association of southeast asian nations (asean) regional bloc and the broad-based trade and investment agreement (btia) with the european union (eu).
the rcep is a proposed free trade agreement between the 10 asean member-states and the six countries with which this regional bloc has existing free trade agreements -- australia, china, india, japan, south korea and new zealand.
stating that the talks for the rcep are reaching an endgame, sources here said that india would risk losing out economically if the agreement is not concluded at the earliest.
as for the btia with the eu that has been hanging fire since 2007, it is learnt that differences between the two sides are down to certain core areas.
negotiations for btia have been on hold since 2015.
those in the know say that after india renounced its bilateral investment treaties (bits) with all countries, investments from european nations are now not protected.
india has terminated all bits following a new bit model new delhi released in december 2015.
the 28 eu member-states have now passed on the responsibility of investment protection negotiations to the eu.
according to the sources, the btia is getting held up because of the strong views of the domestic industry on both sides.
in an important development in 2018, the eu released a joint communication that sets out the bloc's vision for a strategy to strengthen cooperation and the partnership with india.
following the release of the joint communication, eu ambassador to india tomasz kozlowski said that the bloc is looking for the most conducive investment conditions in india.
our assessment of the business environment and ease of doing business in india has improved considerably, kozlowski said.
trade talks, though, are not limited to the external affairs ministry alone and there are other coordinating ministries and stakeholders as well.
it all depends on how well we co-opt and collaborate, but it is a challenge, the source mentioned above said.
another foreign policy challenge for new delhi in the year ahead will be to make the indo-pacific concept gain acceptability internationally.
india, along with the us, japan and australia, in 2017 revived a quad that seeks to work for peace and prosperity in the indo-pacific, a region that stretches from the east coast of japan to the east coast of africa.
it was a strategically important move given china's growing footprint in the region and beijing's aggressive behaviour in the south china sea.
china did appreciate modi's speech at the shangri-la dialogue in singapore in june last year in which he said that india and china had shown wisdom and maturity in handling their complex relations and asia and the world will have a better future if the countries work together with trust and confidence, keeping in mind each other's interests.
but china still has doubts about the concept of the indo-pacific, it is learnt.
in his speech, modi also stressed on the centrality of the asean in this region and the sources here said new delhi's efforts would be to work through the southeast asian bloc and other players to make the idea of the indo-pacific acceptable.
new delhi: noting that failure to act and silence of speech only encourages the terrorists, prime minister narendra modi on tuesday said israel and india have agreed to intensify their cooperation to combat the forces of extremism and radicalisation that threaten all peace-loving nations.
addressing a joint press conference with israel president reuven rivlin after bilateral talks, prime minister modi said, we recognise that terrorism is a global challenge, knows no boundaries and has extensive links with other forms of organised crime.
regrettably, one of the countries of its origin and spread is in india's neighbourhood, said the prime minister in an indirect reference to pakistan.
stating that president rivlin and he deeply value their strong and growing partnership to secure their societies, prime minister modi observed, our people are constantly threatened by forces of terrorism and extremism.
we agreed that the international community must act with resolve and determination against terror networks and states that harbour them.
failure to act and silence of speech only encourages the terrorists.
we agreed to intensify our cooperation to combat the forces of extremism and radicalisation that threaten all peace-loving nations.
hailing indias defence partnership with israel, the prime minister said, we noted the strength of our growing defence partnership and agreed on the need to make it more broad-based in production and manufacturing.
prime minister modi also expressed indias gratefulness to israel for its clear support to indias permanent candidature in a reformed the united nations security council (unsc).
we have identified water management and conservation, and collaboration in scientific research and development as two areas of priority engagement, whereas our economic initiatives and emphasis on innovation, research and technological development match well with israels strengths and capacities, said the prime minister.
speaking on the various aspects of india-israel cooperation, he said, our engagement is multi-dimensional and wide-ranging such as enhancing agricultural productivity and efficiency; boosting research and innovation linkages; employing applications of science and technology for the benefit of our societies; forging strong trade links and investment ties; building defence ties to secure our people; enhancing people to people ties through greater cultural and tourism linkages; and promoting educational exchanges.
the growing number of indian students going to study in israel and vice versa can be an important bridge in our bilateral partnership.
noting that president rivlins visit provides an opportunity to break new ground and shape new contours of our partnership, the prime minister said, excellency, your visit will provide crucial push to build new pillars in our partnership.
the 2000-year old jewish community in india represents a thriving link to this past, a vital part of our composite cultural mosaic.
as we approach the 25-year milestone in establishment of diplomatic relations, we are committed to advance our engagement on several fronts.
responding to prime minister modis statement, president rivlin affirmed support to india on countering terrorism, while saying, terror is terror is terror is terror.
president rivlin, who is on an eight-day official visit to india, said, israel is ready to answer the pms call; we are ready to make in india and make with india.
vice president mohammad hamid ansari will call on president rivlin at 4 p.
m.
at hotel taj palace, while the visiting president will call on his indian counterpart pranab mukherjee at the rashtrapati bhawan 7.
30 p.
m.
, which will be followed by a banquet hosted by president mukherjee at 8 p.
m.
later, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will call on the visiting dignitary.
president rivlin will be visiting the taj mahal at 11 a.
m.
on wednesday, followed by a visit to uttar pradesh jal nigam water treatment plant at sikandra at 12 in the noon.
he will return here at 3.
45 p.
m.
president rivlin, who is visiting india on an invitation of president mukherjee, is expected to meet business leaders of both india and israel.
he will also be visiting centre of excellence in agriculture in karnal and will participate in agro tech  2016 on thursday.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj continues to recover fast after a kidney transplant at the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) here, a senior doctor said on tuesday.
the minister is recovering fast.
however, it will take at least a week or so to discharge her.
our team of doctors is monitoring her condition, the senior doctor, who was on the team that performed a kidney transplant on the senior bjp leader, told ians.
swaraj underwent the kidney transplant from an unrelated donor on december 10 at aiims by a dedicated team of 50 medical staff, including several senior doctors like m. minz, v.k. bansal and preet mohinder singh led by aiims director m.c. misra.
the three-hour surgery was performed at the cardio thoracic and neuro sciences centre.
the 64-year-old minister, who has been in and out of aiims for the last few months, was admitted to the hospital on november 7.
chandigarh: the government has informed families of 39 indians, believed to have been abducted by islamic state (is) militants in iraq in 2014, that they may be in mosul in the north of the country, a family member said.
the minister told the family in a meeting that lasted 45 minutes the indians seen in mosul were in all likelihood the missing men.
the families said they had last heard from the men on june 14, 2014, when they all called home to say they were being taken away by is fighters.
now that mosul, earlier in the control of the is, had been liberated, the indian government discussed the issue of the stranded men with the iraqi government, the family quoted swaraj as saying.
the indian government has taken the matter up with the iraqi government, which has assured it that once things become normal, they will be sent back, gurpinder kaur, sister of one of the missing men, manjinder singh, told pti.
kaur, a resident of bhoewal village in amritsar district, said this was the families' 11th meeting with the minister since the men's disappearance.
earlier, the government was silent on the issue.
but now swaraj has assured us that the missing people have been traced, she said.
the families asked the minister what the government was doing to bring them back.
she told us that iraqi forces had recaptured 90 per cent of the area and the indian men were in the area that was yet to be freed from is militants, gurpinder said.
amritsar's seema devi, whose husband sonu masih is among the missing men, said they were elated when they heard that the men were safe.
by ptinew delhi: the congress saturday expressed surprise that the government was celebrating the invitation to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for the oic's inaugural plenary, dubbing it a misplaced euphoria and a futile exercise to mislead the people of india.
senior party spokesperson anand sharma asked prime minister narendra modi and swaraj to respect the past position of india of not attending meetings of the organisation of islamic cooperation (oic) till it is accepted as a full member, given its large muslim population.
i am surprised at the government celebrating the invitation to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to address the oic meeting in uae.
the euphoria is misplaced and it is a futile exercise to mislead the public opinion in india, he said.
congress' anand sharma: thereafter, india has refused any invitation to go, particularly the observer status.
india has maintained that being the original invitee & a country with a very large muslim population, it's important that oic grants india full status member.
pic.
twitter.com/hmex8ajbvt  ani (@ani) february 23, 2019sharma, who was the minister of state of external affairs in the upa government, said that in the past india has always taken a firm position with respect to its engagement with the oic, a powerful grouping of muslim majority nations.
listen here | oic invite to india rights a historic wrong, says ex-envoy to saudi arabiaindia has rejected the oic's offer for observer status and made it clear that given the size of its muslim population, the oic must give india the status of a full member to facilitate the indian state's engagement with the oic, he said.
we would advise the prime minister and the external affairs minister to respect the past position of india and go for the oic meeting only when india is accepted as a full member, he said.
in a significant move, india has been invited to the inaugural plenary of the foreign ministers' conclave of the oic and swaraj will attend it in abu dhabi from march 1 to 2 as the 'guest of honour'.
the ministry of external affairs (mea) called the invitation a welcome recognition of the presence of 185 million muslims in india and of their contribution to its pluralistic ethos, and of india's contribution to the islamic world.
official sources said it was for the first time, india has been invited to an organisation of islamic cooperation (oic) meeting as guest of honour.
by iansnew delhi: india has increased its annual contribution to the united nations relief and works agency for palestine refugees in the near east (unrwa) from usd 1.
5 million to usd 5 million from 2018-19 for a period of three years, the external affairs ministry said on wednesday.
according to a ministry statement india made the announcement of this substantive increase in annual contribution at the extraordinary ministerial conference held in rome on march 15 following a flash appeal made by the unrwa, which is faced with a major funds crunch.
this enhancement was made in the backdrop of the unprecedented financial crisis being faced by unrwa, which has been delivering valuable public services to palestine refugees around the world, the statement said.
it also said that the four-fold increase in india's contribution is based on external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's commitment to enhance support to the unrwa at the non-aligned movement (nam) ministerial meeting on palestine on september 19 last year.
it stated that this is also part of india's enhanced engagement with palestine, particularly in the wake of prime minister narendra modi's historic visit to palestine on february 10, the first ever by an indian prime minister to the west asian nation.
the unrwa's present predicament came about after us president donald trump last month withheld more than half of the us-pledged aid to the agency.
the white house informed the unrwa of the dramatic funding cut, meaning it will receive approximately usd 60 million in us aid.
the us has been unrwa's single largest donor for decades.
trump last year unilaterally announced that the us recognised jerusalem as the capital of israel and that his country's embassy will be shifted to that city.
however, a majority of countries, including india, voted against trump's decision in the un general assembly in december last year.
us ambassador to the un nikki haley had warned that the unga vote would have repercussions.
i am very much disturbed to read about repeated attacks on hamid ansari who is detained in peshawar jail since 2012.
it is inhuman, she said in a series of tweets.
i have asked our high commissioner in pakistan to seek consular access to hamid ansari in hospital/jail and report, she said.
hamid nehal ansari was attacked twice in the peshawar central prison in the last two months, dawn online quoted his lawyer as telling a court on thursday.
the lawyer said a jail official also daily thrashed ansari.
jail superintendent masoodur rehman, however, argued that the injuries were of minor nature and that such incidents kept happening in prisons.
external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said in his weekly media briefing here on friday that a petition was filed in the peshawar high court earlier following earlier reports that ansari was attacked in prison.
through our high commission in islamabad, the government has also raised the matter of ansari's well-being and his early release, he stated.
he said the pakistan government has also been asked to allow ansari to speak to his family.
ansari, serving a three-year term, is kept in a death cell.
rehman, in his statement in the court, said the indian can't be kept in a normal barrack with other prisoners for the sake of his security.
ansari's lawyer said he wanted security for his client but the jail official had refused to give any guarantee.
the official had promised to shift ansari to a hospital after the attack but this was not done.
ansari, who reportedly possessed a fake pakistani identity card, was arrested by intelligence agencies in kohat district in november 2012.
he was convicted by a military court in february this year.
by ptibeijing: china today said its relations with india have seen great strides and the upcoming visit of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will further enhance political trust between the two countries.
swaraj will arrive here on april 21 for a four-day visit and hold talks with chinese foreign minister wang yi on april 22 to take forward attempts by both countries to reset ties strained by last year's 73-day dokalam military standoff as well as a host of other issues.
we believe swaraj's visit will further enhance political trust between the two countries and elevate the china-india strategic cooperation partnership, said chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunying.
we have seen great strides in all-around cooperation.
this year, there is a positive momentum in bilateral ties.
we would like to work with the indian side to maintain high-level exchanges, expand practical cooperation, properly manage disputes and move forward bilateral ties, hua said.
the issues of discord between the two countries include the china-pakistan economic corridor (cpec) being built through pakistan-occupied kashmir, china blocking india's entry into the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) as well as its opposition to efforts to list jaish-e-muhammad chief masood azhar as a global terrorist by the un.
this will be swaraj's first meeting with wang after he was elevated last month to be the state councillor, which makes him the top diplomat in the chinese hierarchy.
he holds the dual posts of state councillor and foreign minister.
during their talks, wang and swaraj will exchange views on bilateral ties, international and regional issues of mutual concern, the chinese foreign ministry spokesperson said.
swaraj is also scheduled to take part in the foreign ministers' meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) on april 24 besides meeting chinese hindi scholars and students.
hua said foreign ministers of all eight-member countries of the sco will take part in the meeting on april 24.
sco, in which china plays an influential role, is comprised of china, kazakhstan, kyrgyzstan, russia, tajikistan, uzbekistan, india and pakistan.
this is the first foreign ministers' meeting after india and pakistan were admitted into sco last year.
all parties will exchange views on sco cooperation and major international and regional issues, hua said.
the meeting will lay the groundwork for the upcoming summit of the sco at the chinese city of qingdao in june, she said.
prime minister narendra modi is expected to take part in the sco summit.
the chinese leadership will have group meeting with heads of delegations.
foreign minister wang will chair foreign minister's meeting.
the ministers will exchange views on all important international and regional issues.
at the end of the meeting, the ministers will witness signing of outcome document, she said, adding that we believe all sides will take the opportunity to build on consensus, reach more cooperation and ensure success of qingdao summit.
swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman will be visiting china virtually around the same time.
sitharaman is also due to take part in the sco defence ministers' meeting on april 24.
the visit of swaraj and sitharaman were taking place as india and china stepped up high level exchanges to defuse tensions following the dokalam standoff.
ahead of swaraj's talks with wang, national security advisor ajit doval met director of china's foreign affairs commission and member of the ruling communist party of china (cpc) yang jiechi in shanghai on april 13 during which the two sides held in-depth talks on improving relations.
by ptinew delhi: an indian man died and his wife sustained injuries, after they were stabbed by an immigrant near munich in germany, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, said saturday.
indian couple prashant and smita basarur were stabbed by an immigrant near munich.
unfortunately, prashant has expired.
smita is stable.
we are facilitating the travel of prashant's brother to germany.
my heartfelt condolences to the bereaved family, swaraj tweeted.
i appreciate the good work by @cgmunich.
i have asked our mission to take care of their two children.
/2 chowkidar sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 30, 2019indian couple prashant and smita basarur were stabbed by an immigrant near munich.
unfortunately, prashant has expired.
smita is stable.
we are facilitating the travel of prashant's brother to germany.
my heartfelt condolences to the bereaved family.
/1 chowkidar sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 30, 2019the external affairs minister said she has asked indian mission in munich to take care of the couple's two children.
further details of the incident and the couple were not immediately known.
meanwhile, asked by a twitter user why she, the most sensible bjp leader, had added the 'chowkidar' prefix to her name on the microblogging site, swaraj tweeted, because i am doing chowkidari of indian interests and indian nationals abroad.
prime minister narendra modi had launched the main bhi chowkidar (i too am a watchman) campaign to blunt the congress's chowkidar chor hai (the watchman is a thief) jibe at him.
because i am doing chowkidari of indian interests and indian nationals abroad.
https://t.
co/dcgibpsagz  chowkidar sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 30, 2019he prefixed his twitter name with 'chowkidar' and almost all bjp leaders and union ministers including swaraj, arun jaitley and nirmala sitharaman followed suit.
congress president rahul gandhi has been targeting modi over alleged irregularities in the rafale fighter jet deal.
he has often used the chowkidar chor hai slogan while accusing the prime minister of wrongdoings in the deal.
new delhi: india, the us and afghanistan have reaffirmed their shared interests in combating terrorism and advancing peace and security in the region as they explored ways to coordinate and align assistance to the war-torn country according to the afghan government's priorities.
indian ambassador to afghanistan manpreet vohra, afghan deputy foreign minister hekmat karzai and us special representative for afghanistan and pakistan richard olson met here yesterday on the margins of the 71st un general assembly for a round of trilateral consultations.
they exchanged views on the situation in afghanistan and on regional issues of mutual interest.
reaffirming their shared interests in advancing peace and security in the region, as well as countering terrorism, all sides welcomed the discussions focused on political, economic, and development goals in afghanistan, including the regional dimension, a trilateral statement issued after the meeting said.
it added that the meeting provided a forum for the governments of india and the us to explore ways to coordinate and align their assistance with the priorities of the afghan government.
they agreed that the dialogue helps advance shared values and goals, and decided to continue these consultations on a regular basis, it said.
during afghan president ashraf ghani's visit to india last week, prime minister narendra modi announced allocation of usd 1 billion to afghanistan to meet requirements for capacity and capability building in spheres like education, health, agriculture, skill development, empowerment of women, energy, infrastructure and strengthening of democratic institutions.
us secretary of state john kerry had said late last month during his visit to new delhi that washington would launch trilateral talks, which had stopped in 2013, with new delhi and kabul at the sidelines of the un general assembly.
gaya: special prayers were offered at vishnupad mandir here on saturday for the speedy recovery of external minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who is undergoing a dialysis at the aiims hospital in new delhi.
the prayer was organised under the leadership of bharatiya janata party (bjp) councilor krishan kumar singh.
till now she had opted not to go abroad for treatment and is getting treated in india only.
for her speedy recovery, we organised a special prayer for lord vishnu, so that she can recover fast and work for the welfare of the nation as she was doing earlier, said krishan kumar singh.
swaraj was admitted to aiims on november 7 and is being monitored by a team of doctors.
she has been suffering from diabetes for almost 20 years.
the 64-year-old bjp leader was admitted to aiims in april also when she underwent treatment for pneumonia and other health issues.
kathmandu: nepal has abruptly cancelled all agreements with indian construction firm ilfs to build a usd one billion expressway project, connecting the nepalese capital with the southern terai region near the indian border.
the surprise move to cancel the agreements with infrastructure leasing and financial services ltd to build the 76-km-long expressway came yesterday after a meeting of the development and finance committees of legislature-parliament.
minister for physical planning and infrastructure development,ramesh lekhak said the government would now complete the fast-track road with domestic resources.
now all bodies concerned should make decision standing together in course of taking the nation's pride project ahead, lekhak was quoted as saying by the kathmandu post.
he said the government has tabled a proposal with the cabinet for constructing the road with own investment.
the fast-track road would connect kathmandu to nijgadh in the southern terai region, where a new international airport has been planned.
ilfs had already prepared a detailed report for the project that would have reduced the travel time from kathmandu to nijgadh to under an hour.
according to a feasibility report prepared by the asian development bank (adb) in 2014, the road project was estimated to cost usd 960 million.
the latest dpr has given a price tag of usd 1,117 million, reports have said.
previously, the kp sharma oli government had decided that the road project would be constructed by nepal, instead of providing the contract to the indian company.
finance minister krishna bahadur mahara yesterday expressed commitment to ensure funds for national pride projects including the tarai-madhesh fast track and the nijgadh international airport.
the problem, however, is not lack of funds but inability to spend it.
the problem in capital expenditure has not improved, he said.
chairperson of development committee rabindra adhikari, chair of finance minister prakash jwala, member surendra bahadur pandey, keshav badal and others spoke of the need for unity among all the political parties to move ahead with the nijgadh international airport project and the kathmandu-tarai fast-track road project.
they suggested the government to allocate all the unspent budget every fiscal year for the fast-track road project and complete it in a fast-track manner, the report said.
new delhi: sajid ali, the son of missing cleric asif ali nizami, on saturday requested the agencies in pakistan to free his father, adding the former is innocent and not involved in any unwanted activities.
i would like to request the agencies in pakistan to free both of them.
they are not involved in any unwanted activities, ali told media.
he further said his father had all documents and visa that is required to prove him innocent.
two indian sufi clerics asif nizami and nazim nizami, who were on a pilgrimage to pakistan, have gone missing prompting india to take up the matter with islamabad.
the clerics had gone to karachi to meet their relatives after which they headed to lahore to visit the shrines of sufi saints.
syed asif ali nizami is the head priest of new delhi's hazrat nizamuddin dargah.
by online deskan hour before former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj passed away, she reportedly asked lawyer harish salve to collect re 1 on wednesday at 6 pm, sources say.
salve, is the lawyer who defended india at the international court of justice (icj) in the kulbhushan jadhav case and had charged only re 1 from the government.
however, the bjp stalwart sushmaswaraj swaraj passed away on tuesday after suffering cardiac arrest.
she was brought to aiims in delhi at 9.
30pm.
the doctors tried to revive her for almost 70 minutes but she died at 10.
50pm.
i spoke to her at 8:50 pm.
it was a very emotional conversation.
she said you have to come and meet me.
i have to give you your one rupee for the case which you won.
i said, of course, i have to come to collect that precious fee.
she said to come tomorrow at 6 o'clock, salve told a tv channel.
sushma swaraj had described the icj's verdict as a great victory for india.
hours before the untimely death, she also congratulated prime minister narendra modi after the government abrogated article 370 revoking special status for jammu and kashmir.
she took to twitter and said, i was waiting to see this day in my lifetime.
the former chief minister of delhi will be cremated at 3 pm today.
she is survived by her husband swaraj kaushal and daughter bansuri swaraj.
by ptiabu dhabi: a digital interactive museum showcasing the life, works and philosophy of mahatma gandhi and the founder of modern uae shaikh zayed was on tuesday jointly inaugurated by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her counterpart abdullah bin zayed al nahyan.
the gandhi-zayed digital museum, which will promote peace, tolerance and sustainability, is part of the celebrations by the two countries to mark 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi and centenary celebrations of the birth of shaikh zayed.
valuing peace, tolerance and sustainability.
eam @sushmaswaraj and foreign minister sheikh abdullah bin zayed al nahyan jointly launch the gandhi-zayed digital museum commemorating the 100th year of founding father of #uae sheikh zayed and 150th year of mahatma gandhi #bapuat150, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
the museum, that will celebrate the life and legacy of the visionary leaders, will showcase rare photographs, videos and objects representing the life, works and philosophy of both renowned leaders.
the interactive museum aims to celebrate the similarities between the two leaders, the influence they had, and the change they caused.
though separated by time and region the lives of these men serve as a resonating lesson, inspiration, and reminder to billions across the world.
the museum is a humble homage to sheikh zayed and mahatma gandhi by bringing forward their lives and their love for their people, according to officials.
the announcement of the proposed digital museum was made in new delhi by swaraj and her uae counterpart during the latter's visit in july 2018.
swaraj, who arrived here on monday on a two-day visit, co-chaired with abdullah bin zayed the12th session of the india-uae joint commission meeting for economic and technical cooperation here.
by ptiunited nations: france is working on a proposal to ban chief of the un-proscribed jaish-e muhammad (jem) masood azhar after it assumes the presidency of the powerful un security council in march, sources said.
the rotating monthly presidency of the 15-nation un security council (unsc) will go from equatorial guinea to france on march 1.
france, a permanent member of the council with veto powers, is working on the proposal (to ban azhar) and it should be ready soon, informed sources told pti, adding that the proposal against the jem chief could perhaps be moved in the sanctions committee under the french presidency.
france is focussed on bringing individual listing requests of jem terrorists to the 1267 sanctions committee soon, they said.
the pakistan-based jem claimed the responsibility of the heinous suicide attack in jammu and kashmir's pulwama district on february 14 in which 40 central reserve police force (crpf) personnel were killed, sparking outrage in india.
following the incident, india bombed and destroyed jem's biggest training camp in balakot in pakistan's restive khyber pakhtunkhwa province, about 80-km from the line of control early tuesday, killing a very large number of terrorists, trainers, senior commanders and groups of jihadis who were being trained for fidayeen action.
the facility at balakot was headed by yousuf azhar, the brother-in-law of the jem chief.
the proposal, when moved, will be the fourth such bid at the un in the last 10 years to list azhar as a global terrorist.
in 2009, india had moved a proposal by itself to designate azhar.
this was followed in 2016 when india moved the proposal with the p3 - the united states, the united kingdom and france - in the un's 1267 sanctions committee to ban azhar, also the mastermind of the attack on the air base in pathankot in january, 2016.
in 2017, the p3 nations moved a similar proposal again.
however, on all occasions china, a veto-wielding permanent member of the unsc, blocked the proposal from being adopted by the sanctions committee.
it remains to be seen how china will vote on the proposal this time, following a crucial bilateral meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chinese foreign minister wang yi in wuzhen, where she is participating in the russia, india, china (ric) foreign ministers meeting.
swaraj on wednesday raised the pulwama suicide attack in her meeting with her chinese counterpart, a day after india destroyed a major jem terror training camp in pakistan.
after the pulwama attack the entire un has spoken with full voice to condemn it, she said.
the french presidency of the unsc comes after the 15-nation un organ under the presidency of equatorial guinea had issued a highly significant press statement strongly condemning the pulwama terror attack.
china had to sign off on the february 21 unsc press statement that condemned in the strongest terms the heinous and cowardly suicide bombing in jammu and kashmir, which resulted in over 40 indian paramilitary forces dead and dozens wounded on february 14, 2019, for which jaish-e-mohammed has claimed responsibility.
on the unsc press statement condemning the pulwama attack, a un diplomat here said that what moved the security council was that this is an issue that all the members speak with one voice in the fight against terrorism.
whenever there is an act of terrorism, anywhere no matter who perpetrates it, it receives the condemnation of not only of the security council but of all the international community.
the unsc press statement was seen not only as a strong condemnation of terror against india but also of international solidarity with new delhi on its fight against terrorism.
china's lone opposition in the unsc to any mention of terrorism resulted in a delay of nearly one week in issuance of the press statement by the powerful body on the dastardly pulwama terror attack, official sources had said.
however, the us assiduously worked as pen holder making various adjustments to get the approval by all other members of the council, they said.
in a statement issued by the acting spokesperson of the ministry of europe and foreign affairs of the republic of france following the air strikes by the indian air force on the jem training camp in pakistan, france said it stands by india in the fight against terrorism in all its forms and is fully engaged in mobilizing the international community to sanction the terrorists responsible for this attack and freezing their financing networks.
hours after india carried out the air strikes against the biggest training camp of jem in balakot, un secretary-general antonio guterres reiterated his urgent appeal to both the government of india and the government of pakistan to exercise maximum restraint to ensure that the situation does not further deteriorate.
his spokesperson stphane dujarric told reporters at the daily press briefing that the un chief is obviously following this situation very closely.
currently there are four bills in the us congress about curbs on h1b visas.
we are engaged (in a dialogue) with the us at very high level regarding this.
.
.
so there is no reason to worry about it as of now, she added.
the minister pointed out that even before donald trump became president, there had been a flip-flop in the h1b visa policy by the us.
in 1990 when h1b visas were first introduced, the cap was 65,000.
in 2000 it was raised to 1,95,000 for three years.
in 2004 the number of these visas was again reversed to 65,000 by the us.
so there has been a flip-flop on this policy even before donald trump government, she said.
the minister also informed the house that the visa facility extended to the spouse of the indian professionals has not been withdrawn by the us so far.
we have asked for more details about these 271 persons.
once we check their antecedents and find they are actually indian citizens, we'll provide them travel documents back to india so that they are not put behind bars by us authorities, she said.
she said india will once again raise the issue of totalisation once the jobs of indian it professionals are ensured to be secure.
the british parliament will start the discussion on this issue from january 7 and there will be more clarity on the relationship between the uk and the european union in the second fortnight of this month, she added.
it won't be definite to say anything at this point of time.
any uncertainty will be known after the process is completed, she said.
in a written reply, the minister said after the brexit day - march 29, 2019 - when the uk leaves the eu, there will be a transition period till december 31, 2020.
during this transition period, the uk will continue to be governed by the eu rules in its commitments thereof.
however, during the transition period, the uk will be able to negotiate, sign and ratify new agreements with other countries, but they will not come into force until the end of the transition period of december 31, 2020, she said.
in the india-uk joint statement of april 2018, it was agreed that both sides will ensure continued application of eu-india agreements to the uk during the transition period and put in place arrangements to replicate relevant eu-india agreements beyond this period, she added.
the eu citizens can continue to stay in the uk at the end of transition period december 31, 2020, if they meet any one of the four conditions such as if they are workers or self- employed in the uk and have sufficient resources and sickness insurance, she added.
the minister said the brexit is essentially an issue that concerns the uk government and the eu.
however, the government of india is closely following the brexit process.
swaraj was responding to a query from congress leader kumar ketkar who wanted to know the government's approach to protect migrant indians in britain after brexit.
new delhi: the two sufi clerics, who went missing in pakistan last week, today thanked the governments of india and pakistan for their safe return here but remained tightlipped on what led to their disappearance.
nazim ali nizami, one of the clerics, did reject pakistani media reports that they were in interior sindh where there was no communication network.
we did not have visa for sindh interior region, so how could we have gone there?
we come from the school of sufi which teaches peace and brotherhood.
there are good and bad elements and those who go against the teachings they have to suffer humiliation, he told reporters, without elaborating further.
when asked as to why they were interrogated, nazim said they were asked about their visa and other immigration details.
both nazim and syed asif nizami, who is the the head priest of hazrat nizamuddin dargah, thanked the indian and the pakistani governments for their return to the homeland.
we thank union home minister rajnath singh and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and well-wishers from all religions who prayed for our return, they told reporters.
the two are likely to meet swaraj today.
amir nizami, son of syed asif nizami, alleged that the duo were taken away based on a news report in a local urdu daily which claimed that they had links with indian intelligence agency raw.
asked if pakistan spy agency isi was involved in the episode, he refused to comment but made it clear that no force was used against them.
by ptiralegan siddhi: amid concerns over social activist anna hazare's health, maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis and two union ministers tuesday met the 81-year-old here and requested him to call off his fast.
hazare, who began his indefinite fast on january 30 over the appointment of anti-corruption watchdogs, has lost around 4.
30 kg weight in the last seven days, doctors said.
fadnavis reached hazare's native ralegan siddhi village in ahmednagar district in the afternoon and held talks with him.
union ministers radha mohan singh and subhash bhamre and maharashtra minister girish mahajan were also present.
the chief minister requested hazare to call off the fast.
anna has expressed his disappointment with the central and state governments over appointment of lokpal and lokayukta.
if fadnavis proposes something concrete, then only is there hope for a solution, an aide of the activist said.
also read: mns chief raj thackeray, water activist rajendra singh meet fasting anna hazarehazare began his fast demanding appointment of lokpal at the centre and lokayuktas in states where such statutory anti-corruption watchdogs do not exist, and resolution of farmers' issues.
he has also been demanding implementation of the swaminathan commission recommendations on ways to address agrarian distress, besides electoral reforms.
locals who observed a bandh recently to show support for hazare's agitation, restricted entry of government officials to the village on tuesday.
the anti-graft crusader earlier said if the modi government does not fulfil its promises, he would return his padma bhushan award.
hazare monday claimed that senior bjp leaders who once vehemently backed his lokpal demand had turned 'allergic' to it after coming to power and accused the ruling dispensation of betraying people who voted it to power in 2014.
also read: anna hazare says bjp 'used' him during 2014 electionsduring my ramlila maidan agitation on lokpal and lokayukta, the entire country stood up.
an atmosphere was created.
that is the reason why you (bjp) came to power.
now you are betraying the people who brought you to power, hazare had said.
leaders like arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj had once vehemently defended the lokpal demand in parliament.
but after coming to power, they are mum over it.
it looks like they are allergic to lokpal and lokayukta.
the agitation brought them to power but they have forgotten it, hazare had said.
mns chief raj thackeray and water conservationist rajendra singh met hazare on monday and extended their support to his agitation.
thackeray asked him not to sacrifice his life for the useless government.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, whose party is an ally of the bjp at the centre and in maharashtra, has extended his support to hazare, asking him to emulate socialist leader jayaprakash narayan and lead an agitation against corruption.
new delhi: sri lankan prime minister ranil wickermesinghe will be visiting india from april 25 during which he will be finalising details regarding prime minister narendra modis visit to his country next month.
during his visit, wickeremesinghe will meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, minister of home affairs rajnath singh and minister of road transport and highways and shipping nitin gadkari.
this will be prime minister modis second visit to sri lanka since 2014.
in 2015, he had inaugurated the reconstructed northern province railway line that linked jaffna with colombo.
that was the first prime ministerial visit to jaffna.
the rail line is one of the few developmental projects undertaken by the indian government in post-conflict sri lanka, where china has made deeper inroads.
the contract for construction of the trincomalee port and conclusion of a free trade agreement are some of the bilateral agreements that have been hanging fire for long and some forward movement is expected during modis visit.
the indian government has been undertaking large number of development projects in sri lanka for rehabilitation and resettlement of conflict-affected and internally displaced people in tamil-majority northern and eastern provinces.
indias total development aid is more than usd 2.
6 billion.
governor (kerala): we are sparing no effort, she said on twitter.
her tweet came in response to the meeting held between the relatives of father uzhunnalil and kerala governor justice p sathasivam in thiruvananthapuram.
former kerala chief minister oommen chandy accompanied the relatives to meet the governor this evening and requested him to expedite action to trace father uzhunnalil, who was kidnapped by the is in aden in yemen on march 4 last year.
the governor assured them of all possible help and forwarded the plea submitted by the relatives to swaraj.
father uzhunnalil had gone missing after the terror group attacked a care home run by mother teresa's missionaries of charity.
new delhi: following the deadly shooting in kansas in which an indian engineer, srinivas kuchibhotla, was killed by a gunman in an alleged racial attack, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has assured that india would undertake all arrangements to transport the mortal remains of the former to hyderabad.
we will make all arrangements to transport the mortal remains of srinivas kuchibhotla to hyderbad, she said in a tweet.
swaraj spoke to the father and brother of kuchibhotla and conveyed her condolences to the bereaved family.
i am shocked at the shooting incident in kansas in which srinivas kuchibhotla has been killed.
my heartfelt condolences to bereaved family.
we will provide all help and assistance to the bereaved family.
sushma tweeted.
meanwhile, the indian consulate in houston has stepped in to ensure the victims mortal remains are brought back and adequate facilities are provided to another indian, alok madasani, who was injured.
consul mr. r. d joshi is rushing from houston to kansas to render all possible assistance.
vice consul, mr. harpal singh is also proceeding from dallas to kansas.
they will meet the injured and facilitate in bringing the mortal remains of the deceased, said ministry of external affairs (mea) spokesperson vikas swarup.
he further informed that they will be in touch with the local police officials to ascertain more details of the incident and monitor follow up action.
also read: us hate crime: indian engineer shot dead in kansas; body to be brought back to hyderabad soonthe deceased and the injured persons are from hyderabad and warangal, and have been working at garmin in olathe (kansas), swarup said.
according to local u.s. media, the gunman, adam purinton, 51 who is a navy veteran, was arrested after he allegedly blasted off several rounds of fire on thursday.
the police say purinton shot and killed srinivas kuchibhotla, an engineer at gps maker garmin international and wounded his colleague alok madasani.
were saddened that two garmin associates were involved in last nights incident, and we express our condolences to the family and friends of our co-workers involved.
garmin will have grievance counselors on-site and available for its associates today and tomorrow, said a statement released by garmin international.
at least one witness has claimed that purtinton yelled 'get out of my country' and also heard him screaming racial slurs before opening fire.
according to reports, kuchibhotla died at a local hospital and madasani and another injured man were hospitalized.
local u.s. media reports said that purinton came back after he was asked to leave the bar for shouting racial slurs and opened fire on the people.
he was reportedly taken into custody by the police at applebees in clinton, missouri, about 82 miles southeast of olathe.
purinton was working as desktop support specialist for an information technology company in the kansas city area.
he was described by the witnesses at the bar as a disgruntled customer.
olathe police said the fbi will investigate if its proven that the shooting was a result of a hate crime.
by ptiparis: vice president m venkaiah naidu saturday inaugurated the first india-bulit war memorial in northern france to pay tribute to thousands of indian soldiers who fought selflessly and made supreme sacrifices during the world war i.naidu, who is on a three-day visit to paris starting friday, also interacted with french armed forces veterans and children at the inauguration of the indian war memorial at villers guislain.
extremely happy to unveil the indian armed forces memorial at villers-guislain town in france today.
it's a great tribute to several thousands of indian soldiers whose gallantry and dedication have earned worldwide recognition, naidu said in a tweet.
the land in villers-guislain was donated by french government to government of india for constructing a memorial recognising the sacrifices of indian soldiers during the battle of cambrai in 1917.
i thank the mayor of villers-guislain for organising the program.
#vpinfrance pic.
twitter.com/scjbdvbvy4  vicepresidentofindia (@vpsecretariat) november 10, 2018the memorial is the first-of-its-kind built by india in france after the country's independence.
the announcement to construct the memorial was made by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during her last visit to paris in june 2018.
india contributed immensely to the war effort in terms of both men and material.
her soldiers served with credit and honour in numerous battlefields around the globe: in france and belgium, in aden, arabia, east africa, gallipoli, egypt, mesopotamia, palestine, persia and salonika, he said.
we therefore share a bond of sacrifice that joins us to french soil and society.
the final resting places of these soldiers are spread over 158 cemeteries across various communes and cities of france.
their blood is permanently mixed with the soil here, he said.
naidu said despite india's significant role in the world war i, it was frequently overlooked as a result of the horrors experienced in trench warfare and by europe's tendency to home in on battles such as those fought at the somme and verdun, which many assume only europeans fought in.
vice president naidu also addresses local community and members of indian diaspora after inaugurating the memorial.
i consider it my privilege to have this honour to be amongst you today and inaugurate the first war memorial constructed by the goi in france and to pay homage to the indian soldiers who fought selflessly and heroically during world war i and made the supreme sacrifice, he said.
indian troops were on western front by winter of 1914 and fought at the first battle of ypres.
by the end of 1915, they had sustained many casualties along with casualties from sickness, the decision was taken to withdraw indian corps from front line duty at the end of 1915.
naidu said 800,000 indian troops fought in all the theatres of the war with 1.
5 million volunteering to fight.
they fought in most theatres of war including gallipoli and north and east africa.
in all 47,746 were classed as killed or missing with 65,000 wounded, he said.
the indian corps won 13,000 medals for gallantry including 12 victoria crosses.
khudadad khan won the corps first victoria cross.
such was the cost of the war, that india's economy was pushed to near bankruptcy, naidu said.
vice president naidu is in paris to represent india at the armistice of world war i centenary commemoration.
heads of state or government of over 50 countries and their representatives are expected to participate in the centenary activities.
on sunday, the vice president will attend the ceremony to commemorate the armistice of world war i at arc de triomphe, presided over by french president emmanuel macron.
he will speak at a high-level panel discussion titled 'dialogue of the continents on global governance' and will also hold a number of bilateral meetings on the sidelines of the paris peace forum, the ministry of external affairs said in statement.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj consoling the mother-duo at jawahar bhawan after after indian woman uzma reached delhi on thursday.
| ptinew delhi: amid continued tensions with pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today profusely thanked the pakistani establishment and judiciary for facilitating indian citizen uzma ahmed's return.
she said though there is tension between the two neighbours, the pakistan foreign office and the home ministry played a key role in her return.
swaraj had words of praise for uzma's counsel barrister shahnawaz and justice mohsin akhtar kiyani of the islamabad high court.
she said while the counsel treated uzma as his child, the judge dealt with the case on humanitarian grounds and not through the prism of india-pakistan relations as some people wanted him to.
uzma, a delhi woman, who had said she was forced to marry a man at gunpoint, returned home earlier in the day.
the minister also thanked officials of the indian high commission in islamabad, especially deputy high commissioner j p singh.
bhubaneswar: chief minister naveen patnaik today demanded that steps should be initiated by the centre to provide 'visa on arrival' facility at bhubaneswar airport and include the capital city of odisha as a stop colombo-varanasi flight started by air india recently.
the chief minister made the requests in separate letters to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and civil aviation minister a gajapathi raju.
the state government has established international connectivity recently with air asia starting its operations between bhubaneswar and kuala lumpur.
we had entered into an mou with air asia in which the state government is providing viability gap funding to the international carrier for its operations, naveen said in his letter to swaraj.
stating that there has been a good response to this international connectivity with indian citizens travelling abroad through bhubaneswar, he said a sizeable number of foreign arrivals have also been noticed.
in order to facilitate the travel of arriving tourists, it is requested that bhubaneswar be included as a 'visa on arrival' station for citizens of the eligible nations as it would encourage people from countries connected by the recently launched international connectivity and boost tourist footfalls to our state, he said.
in his letter to raju, the chief minister said launching of air india flight from colombo to varanasi recently would be useful in promotion of heritage tourism and in increasing the traffic from sri lanka into india.
stating that odisha is a land of rich cultural heritage where emperor ashoka converted to buddhism and spread the message across the world, he said the diamond triangle of buddhist sites has conclusively established that odisha was an important centre of buddhism during 3rd century bc.
in the recently held international buddhist conclave and other discussions in different forums, the tour operators, academicians and revered monks from sri lanka have expressed strong desire to come to odisha to explore buddhist sites, the chief minister said.
however, as there is no direct air connectivity, sri lankan tourist find it difficult to visit odisha, he said and added, in order to meet this strong, unmet demand, i would request that bhubaneswar may be included as a stop for the colombo-varanasi flight, he said.
new delhi: central government accords the highest priority to promote the well-being, safety and security of indian fishermen and have strongly conveyed to sri lanka that the use of force cannot be justified under any circumstances, said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the sri lankan side has, however, denied the involvement of their navy in the firing incident.
our high commissioner personally spoke to sri lankan prime minister and navy commander on this matter.
the sri lankan government has further reassured us that all possible action will be taken in cooperation with the relevant indian authorities to investigate the incident, she said.
assuring to pursue the matter with the sri lankan government, the minister said that the matter is essentially humanitarian in nature, involving the livelihood and socio-economic practices of indian fishermen community.
she said that several meetings were held in past few months to discuss the issue in a comprehensive manner.
the government, as a result of its consistent efforts, has secured release of 1045 indian fishermen, in custody of sri lanka in 2014, 375 fishermen in 2015, 333 fishermen in 2016 and 51 fishermen in 2017.
while 85 indian fishermen along with 136 fishing vessels were in custody of sri lanka, i am glad to inform the house that all the fishermen have since been released.
we are also pursuing the release of the fishing boats in sri lankan custody, said informed the house.
the minister further said that centre is engaged with sri lanka to ensure that the rights of the detained indian nationals are protected and that the fishermen on both sides can continue to pursue their livelihood in a safe, secure and sustainable.
by ptinew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will hold extensive talks with her chinese counterpart wang yi on friday under the newly established framework to enhance people-to-people exchanges between the two neighbours.
the two sides are expected to deliberate on a host of bilateral issues including ways to deepen overall ties.
wang is visiting india to attend the first meeting of the high-level mechanism on people-to-people exchanges.
he will also call on president ram nath kovind.
during his four-day trip, the chinese foreign minister will also visit aurangabad and mumbai.
a spokesperson in the ministry of external affairs raveesh kumar said the meeting will be co-chaired by swaraj and wang.
the decision to establish the forum was taken at the wuhan summit between prime minister modi and president xi jinping in april.
modi and xi had met on the sidelines of the g-20 summit in argentina on november 30 during which they concurred that there had been a perceptible improvement in bilateral ties after their wuhan summit and both sides are optimistic that 2019 would be an even better year for india-china relations.
they also discussed joint efforts to further enhance mutual trust and friendship between the two neighbours.
earlier this month, foreign secretary vijay gokhale held talks here with chinese vice foreign minister kong xuanyou and reviewed the progress made in the bilateral ties since the wuhan summit.
in their informal summit in the chinese city of wuhan in april, modi and xi decided to issue strategic guidance to their militaries to strengthen communications so that they can build trust and understanding.
the informal summit had taken place seven months after the doklam standoff.
troops of india and china were locked in a 73-day face-off in doklam from june 16 last year after the indian side stopped the building of a road in the disputed area by the chinese army.
the impasse ended on august 28.
by ptibeijing: national security advisor ajit doval today held talks with top official of china's ruling cpc yang jiechi in shanghai, the indian embassy here said, the second meeting between the two officials after the last year's dokalam stand-off.
doval's meeting with yang, the politburo member of the cpc, comes ahead of several key dialogues between the two countries, which are trying to reset the ties after the last year's 73-day long stand-off at dokalam.
the indian embassy in a brief statement said that doval and yang, both special representatives of the india-china boundary talks, held talks, but gave no details about the meeting.
yang is also director of foreign affairs commission.
till last month, yang was the state councillor of the cpc, a top diplomatic post.
he was replaced by foreign minister, wang yi.
wang will hold the dual posts of state councillor and foreign minister in a major reshuffle of top officials.
this is the second meeting between doval and yang after the dokalam stand-off.
yang attended the 20th round of boundary talks between the two countries in delhi in december last year during which both sides decided to reset the ties with more interactions.
since december, the two sides are trying to iron out differences on the china-pakistan economic corridor, india's entry into the nuclear suppliers group and china blocking the efforts to designate jaish-e-muhammad chief masood azhar as a terrorist by the un.
the two countries are preparing for a series of high-level interactions leading up to prime minister narendra modi's proposed visit for the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in june.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman are scheduled to be in beijing on april 24 to attend different meetings of the sco and interact with their counterparts from the member states.
the eight-member sco, in which india was the latest entrant along with pakistan, is due to hold its summit in the chinese city of qingdao.
the sco comprised of china, kazakhstan, kyrgyzstan, russia, tajikistan, uzbekistan, india and pakistan.
ahead of the summit, the organisation which is focused on anti-terrorism cooperation is holding a host of ministerial and officials' meetings to work out a firm agenda for the summit to provide a new direction to the grouping.
sco foreign and defence ministers meetings are also scheduled on april 24 and almost around the same time, according to officials here.
both sides attach lot of significance to these meetings to reset the ties as they were taking place after president xi jingping has commenced his second-five-year tenure last month with the prospect continuing in power for life following the removal of two-term limit for the president.
kansas: a man accused of shooting two indians in a crowded suburban kansas city bar, killing one man and injuring two others in an attack that some witnesses said was racially motivated, has been charged with murder and attempted murder.
authorities repeatedly declined at a thursday news conference to say whether the shooting was a hate crime although local police said they were working with the fbi to investigate the case.
a bartender at austins bar and grill in olathe, kansas, said adam purinton used racial slurs before he started shooting wednesday night as patrons were watching the university of kansas-tcu basketball game on television.
srinivas kuchibhotla, 32, died at an area hospital, police said.
alok madasani, 32, and ian grillot, 24, were hospitalized and are in stable condition, they said.
the linkedin accounts for kuchibhotla and madasani say that they were engineers working at gps-maker garmin and had studied in india.
in india, the shooting sent shock waves through the victims' hometowns and india's government was rushing diplomats to monitor progress in the investigation.
a spokesman for india's external affairs ministry, vikas swarup, said kuchibhotla was an indian national from the southern state of telangana.
local, county, state and federal law enforcement authorities attended the news conference where the murder charges were announced.
asked if the presence of federal authorities indicated the shooting could be considered a hate crime, fbi special agent eric jackson said it was too early to determine.
this was a violent crime and we want the best prosecution that relates to this because there are victims of this crime and we want the community to know that .
.
.
we're looking to make sure that the individual involved in this is held accountable for his actions.
bartender garret bohnen told the kansas city star that kuchibhotla and madasani stopped at austins for a drink once or twice a week.
from what i understand when he was throwing racial slurs at the two gentlemen (kuchibhotla and madasani), ian (grillot) stood up for them, bohnen said.
we're all proud of him.
witnesses also told the star that purinton, 51, yelled get out of my country before he opened fire.
grillot said in an interview from his hospital bed that when the shooting broke out, he hid until nine shots had been fired and he thought the suspect's gun magazine was empty.
i got up and proceeded to chase him down, try to subdue him, grillot said in a video from the university of kansas health system posted on the star website.
i got behind him and he turned around and fired a round at me.
grillot said that the bullet went through his hand and into his chest, just missing a major artery.
it's not about where he (victim) was from or his ethnicity, grillot said.
we're all humans, so i just did what was right to do.
gofundme pages were started to help pay expenses for all three of the victims.
u.s. sen.
jerry moran of kansas posted a statement on facebook saying he was very disturbed by the shooting.
i strongly condemn violence of any kind, especially if it is motivated by prejudice and xenophobia, moran said.
purinton was taken into custody just after midnight on thursday morning at an applebee's about 70 miles to the southeast of olathe in clinton, missouri, authorities said.
assistant clinton police chief sonny lynch said an applebee's bartender summoned police to the bar where the man was drinking because he said he'd been involved in a shooting.
the unarmed purinton was taken into custody and interviewed by detectives from olathe.
he mentioned he had been involved in a shooting and we went out there and picked him up, lynch said.
the bar where the shooting took place was closed thursday, with a sign in the door that said it would remain closed indefinitely.
by ptiwashington: the strategically important trilateral dialogue between india, japan and the us will be held in new delhi this week ahead of a summit between american president donald trump and japanese prime minister shinzo abe this month.
the trump administration has sent two of its senior diplomats from the state department -- principal deputy assistant secretary of state for south and central asian affairs alice wells and acting assistant secretary of state for east asian and pacific affairs susan thornton -- to co-lead the american delegation for the trilateral dialogue.
the dialogue between the three leading democratic powers of the indo-pacific region on wednesday comes a fortnight ahead of the trump-abe summit at mar-a-lago, trump's florida resort.
during the two-day summit on april 17 and 18, the two leaders will reaffirm the us-japan alliance as a cornerstone of peace, stability, and prosperity in the indo-pacific region, the white house said today.
while wells has just returned from pakistan, thorton completed her trip to malaysia before heading to new delhi where she attended the us-asean dialogue to engage on regional security and economic issues.
on april 6, wells will participate in the india-us forum, hosted by the ananta centre and the ministry of external affairs.
during her visit, she will also meet senior indian government officials to discuss regional and global issues and representatives from the private sector, the state department said.
the india-japan-us trilateral was launched in december 2011 when hillary clinton was the secretary of state.
for the first several rounds the trilateral was held at the director or assistant secretary level.
it was elevated to ministerial level in 2015.
the inaugural ministerial trilateral was held on september 29, 2015, in new york on the sidelines of the un general assembly session.
it was hosted by then us secretary of state john kerry.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and japanese foreign minister fumio kishida represented their respective countries.
the last ministerial dialogue was also held in new york in september 2017.
new delhi: india on tuesday announced it will not attend the saarc summit in islamabad in november, saying that regional cooperation and terror don't go together.
pakistan has termed the boycott decision as unfortunate.
india, the largest member of the eight-nation south asian association for regional cooperation (saarc), announced its decision to pull out hours after pakistan high commissioner abdul basit was summoned to south block and handed over pakistan's proof of cross-border origin of the september 18 uri terror attack.
in a statement, india said increasing cross-border terrorist attacks in the region and growing interference in the internal affairs of saarc member-states by one country have created an environment that is not conducive to the successful holding of the 19th saarc summit.
ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup said that india has conveyed to current saarc chair nepal its decision not to attend the summit, for which prime minister narendra modi was slated to go.
india remains steadfast in its commitment to regional cooperation, connectivity and contacts but believes that these can only go forward in an atmosphere free of terror.
in the prevailing circumstances, the government of india is unable to participate in the proposed summit in islamabad, he said in the statement.
swarup said that some other saarc member-states have also conveyed their reservation about attending the islamabad summit in november 2016.
the other countries unwilling to attend are said to be bangladesh, bhutan and afghanistan, according to sources.
the decision to pull out, marking a sharp escalation in india's attack on pakistan for sponsoring terror, also comes a day after new delhi decided to revisit the 56-year-old indus waters treaty, and apportion more water to itself from river waters that have been used by pakistan for decades.
prime minister modi, chairing the meeting on the river waters treaty, is quoted as having said that blood and water can't flow together.
india is also planning to revoke the most favoured nation status to pakistan in trade, in another punishing measure.
india has been hyping its diplomatic offensive against pakistan over the past few days, over the latter's open backing of the kashmir unrest and specially after the terror attack on an army camp in uri on september 18 that left 18 soldiers dead.
prime minister modi had announced last week during the bjp conclave in kerala that the sacrifices of the indian soldiers killed in uri would not go waste and india will diplomatically isolate pakistan.
tuesday's move comes as in the united nations general assembly india has been unsparing in its attack on pakistan for sponsoring terror.
the chances of prime minister modi attending the saarc summit had dimmed ever since pakistan was seen to be openly backing the kashmir unrest and had termed hizbul mujahedin terrorist burhan wani a martyr and observed a black day in his honour.
in august, union home minister rajnath singh's visit to islamabad to attend a saarc ministerial was clouded over by bad diplomatic vibes between the two nations over the kashmir issue.
afghan envoy to india shaida mohammad abdali told ndtv last week that his country was willing to consider a joint boycott of the saarc summit along with india and other members.
earlier in the day, foreign secretary s. jaishankar summoned pakistan's high commissioner basit for the second time since the uri attack and handed over the evidence to him on the two arrested guides.
basit dismissed the proof as an attempt by india to divert world attention from alleged violation of rights in jammu and kashmir.
jaishankar gave basit a diplomatic note, stating that three days after the killing of 18 soldiers, villagers in uri caught two residents of pakistan-administered kashmir who had acted as guides for the four attackers who sneaked into the army camp near the line of control (loc).
the two -- faizal hussain awan, 20, and yasin khursheed, 19, both residents of muzaffarabad -- were handed over to indian security forces and are now in indian custody.
india has also offered consular access to the two arrested muzaffarabad guides.
reacting to india's decision to pull out, the pakistan foreign office, termed the decision as unfortunate.
it also hit out at the excuse used by india and said the world knows that it is india that is perpetrating and financing terrorism in pakistan, and cited the public confession by alleged indian spy kulbhushan jadhav as living proof.
new delhi: union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today met mauritian prime minister pravind jugnauth and discussed ways to deepen bilateral cooperation in various areas including trade and investment.
meeting with a long-standing friend.
eam @sushmaswaraj calls on prime minister of mauritius pravind kumar jugnauth,mea spokesperson gopal bagley tweeted along a picture of swaraj with the mauritian pm.
earlier today, jugnauth was given a ceremonial welcome at the rashtrapati bhavan.
the mauritian prime minister arrived here yesterday on a three-day visit, during which he will hold meetings with his indian counterpart narendra modi and president pranab mukherjee.
jugnauth held discussions with home minister rajnath singh, railway minister suresh prabhu and petroleum and natural gas minister dharmendra pradhan yesterday.
he will hold delegation-level talks with prime minister modi today, besides meeting defence and finance minister arun jaitley.
this is jugnauth's first visit abroad as prime minister after assuming office early this year.
swaraj, who is on a visit here, made the remarks during a programme, titled 'contribution of hindi in india-china friendship', organised by the india embassy.
when two friends sit together, what do they want?
they want to talk their hearts out to each other, share what they feel.
and for that we need a language.
if there is an interpreter sitting between two friends, he may be able to translate the words but not the feelings with which i say something.
so, it is essential that we learn a language, and understand it, she said, a day after it was announced that prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping would hold an informal summit from april 27 to 28.
i want to say that the way india and china's relation are strengthening, trade is increasing, we are working together on international forums, it has become increasingly important that you learn hindi and we learn chinese.
and this, your love for hindi.
you may not be aware that two foreign ministers can't strengthen the relations between indian and china as much as these students learning hindi can.
you (students) all are doing great service (to the two countries), she said.
the minister invoked dangal, secret superstar and hindi medium to stress that hindi films are gaining popularity in china, but said an understanding of the language instead of subtitles could improve their experiences of watching such films.
noting that during the programme, a chinese student learning hindi had expressed that her dream was to visit india, swaraj instructed the ambassador to make arrangements for a visit of such students to india i want to tell her, that your dream would come true right here, right now.
i am telling our ambassador here to send a delegation of 25 hindi students from here on india visit.
we will entertain you there and gift you indian traditional clothes - saree for girls and kurta pyjama for boys.
i entrust our ambassador here with the responsibility of sending a delegation of students learning hindi here, she said.
new delhi: after getting the un to declare an international yoga day and include it in the unesco cultural heritage list, india is working to make hindu one of the uns official languages.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday apprised the lok sabha on wednesday that the government is making continuous efforts to popularise hindi world over and for the acceptance of hindi as one of the un official languages.
swaraj is presently in aiims where she is recuperating after a successful kidney transplant.
at the last world hindi conference organised in bhopal from 10-12 sep 2015 one of the sessions of the conference was devoted to the theme videsh niti mein hindi (hindi in foreign policy) in which one of the recommendations reiterated was that hindi should be made a un language.
a committee has been established under the chairmanship of external affairs minister for implementation of this and other recommendations made at the conference.
on several occasions indian leaders have delivered statements at the un in hindi including prime ministers statement to the 69th unga in september 2014, the address of prime minister to the united nations sustainable development summit in september 2015, the address to the 70th unga by external affairs minister in october 2015, and the address of external affairs minister to the 71st unga in september 2016.
necessary special arrangements were made for simultaneous interpretation of these statements into english by the permanent mission of india in new york.
hyderabad: the proposal to restrict foreign nationals having criminal record of child abuse from entering india, is under consideration of the union external affairs ministry.
recently, union minister for women and child development maneka gandhi had requested her cabinet colleague, union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to revise the visa format to ensure that foreigners with child abuse record do not land in the country.
maneka gandhi, in her tweet on january 17, stated, at present, foreign nationals do not have to declare their record of criminal prosecution for visas to travel to india.
have requested that indian visa format should include a declaration of criminal record.
besides, maneka gandhi stressed on the need for setting up a national register of sex offenders.
dr dnyaneshwar m mulay, secretary in the union external affairs ministry, who is in the city, said here on sunday that the proposal is under consideration.
a few years ago, in 2009, an australian national was arrested in odisha for sexually abusing minor boys in an orphanage.
he was working in the orphonage which had a branch in andhra pradesh too.
he was reportedly arrested in the telugu state also on child abuse charges.
social activist sunitha krishnan said there is a need to change visa regulations to ensure sex offenders convicted in other countries are monitored.
first they should not be allowed to enter india.
even if they are allowed, they should be tracked, she said.
the social activist added that usually, sex offenders chose orphanages, homes for disabled, shelter homes where children stay.
need of the hour is to have a register of sex offenders so that there is a mechanism to track the convicted sex offenders in this country, sunitha krishnan said.
washington: the fbi will help investigate the shooting of a sikh man who said a gunman approached him as he worked on his car in his suburban seattle driveway and told him go back to your own country, authorities said sunday.
kent police chief ken thomas said no arrests have yet been after the victim was shot in the arm friday night about 20 miles south of seattle but that he did not believe anyone was in imminent danger.
this is a top priority investigation, and we are doing everything possible to identify and arrest the suspect, thomas said in an email, adding that the city of about 120,000 should be vigilant.
it comes after an indian man was killed and another wounded in a recent shooting at a kansas bar that federal agencies are investigating as a hate crime after witnesses say the suspect yelled get out of my country.
hira singh, a sikh community leader, said there have been increasing complaints recently from sikhs near seattle who say they have been the target of foul language or other comments.
this kind of incident shakes up the whole community, he said, adding that about 50,000 members of the faith live in washington state.
india's foreign minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, identified the victim on twitter early sunday, saying, i am sorry to know about the attack on deep rai, a u.s. national of indian origin.
she said she had spoken to rai's father, who told her rai is out of danger and recovering in a hospital.
rai told police a man he didn't know came up to him friday night and they got into an argument, with the suspect telling rai to go back to his homeland.
he described the shooter as 6 feet tall and white with a stocky build, police said.
he said the man was wearing a mask covering the lower half of his face.
sikhs have previously been the target of assaults in the u.s. after the sept.
11, 2001, attacks, the backlash that hit muslims around the country expanded to include those of the sikh faith.
men often cover their heads with turbans, which are considered sacred, and refrain from shaving their beards.
in 2012, a man shot and killed six sikh worshippers and wounded four others at a sikh temple near milwaukee before killing himself.
the sikh coalition, a national civil rights group, asked local and federal authorities to investigate the shooting in suburban seattle as a hate crime.
it was disheartening to see it happening here in my community, satwinder kaur said.
kent is a very diverse community.
kaur said she had arranged for kent's police chief to talk to the community saturday about their concerns on immigration and the role of local police officers.
after the shooting, the meeting turned into a question-and-answer session about the crime, she said.
when someone says, 'get out of my country,' it's a hate crime, there's no question, kaur said.
the community has been shaken up.
new delhi: the us today fully backed india on its demand that pakistan should act against terrorists operating from sanctuaries on its soil with us secretary of state john kerry asserting that his country stands in strong partnership with india against all terrorism.
terrorism, more specifically that emanating from pakistan, figured prominently in marathon talks between kerry and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who briefed him extensively on the continuing problem of cross-border terrorism that india and the larger region face from pakistan.
secretary kerry and i also agreed on the need for pakistan to do more to bring the perpetrators of the 2008 mumbai and 2016 pathankot terrorist attacks to justice quickly.
kerry said he had spoken to pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif and army chief general raheel sharif so that pakistan deprives any terrorist group of sanctuary.
ramananda sengupta byexpress news servicenew delhi: in a diplomatic boost for india and major snub to pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has been invited to attend the inaugural plenary of the organisation of islamic cooperation (oic) foreign ministers meeting as a guest of honour on march 1 in abu dhabi.
with a membership of 57 countries spread over four continents, constituting 1.
5 billion people and a combined gdp of about $7 trillion, the oic is the second largest inter-governmental group after the united nations.
but despite having the second-largest muslim population in the world, india was denied membership of the group due to opposition, mainly from pakistan.
though the oic, egged on by islamabad, officially endorses resolving the kashmir issue in accordance with the un resolutions of 1948 and 1949, indias position on resolving the issue bilaterally with pakistan has been gaining increasing acceptance among maember states.
describing the invitation as a remarkable development and a great triumph for india, talmiz ahmad, who served as ambassador to saudi arabia twice as well as envoy to oman and the uae, said it corrects a grievous wrong that was done to india.
we see this invitation as a welcome recognition of the presence of 185 million muslims in india.
.
.
india is, therefore, happy to accept the invitation, the mea said.
thiruvananthapuram: the nri grievance cell functioning in the state bjp office has become a source of relief for the keralites abroad in distress situations.
compared to the government department norka, the grievance cell at the bjp office has turned out to be of greater help to the people in the time of distress, according to people who have sought assistance.
lavin michael, an employee at technopark here whose two cousins died in a road mishap in australia, told express that intervention of the state government alone could not have been enough to bring the bodies to the state without delay.
my cousins asha mathew and anju mathew died in an accident that took place in australia on may 23 this year.
as the caskets arranged to carry the bodies were of large size, the singapore airlines with which arrangements had been made to bring the body refused to bring them.
it was the timely intervention of the grievance cell that forced the indian embassy to step in and bring the caskets within seven days, he said.
gireesh kumar p a of balaramapuram also found the grievance cell of great help.
when he had to bring the mortal remains of his cousin salil nair, who died at columbus in the us a few months ago, he approached the grievance cell.
following the bjp state offices intervention, the consul general in the indian embassy in the united states took all necessary steps to bring the mortal remains here, gireesh told express.
over the last one-and-a-half years, the grievance cell could step in to bring home the mortal remains of over 140 people.
during the same period, over 450 cases were settled and justice was meted out to the victims stranded in gulf and east asian countries following the cells intervention.
speaking to express, bjp nri grievance cell in-charge rajesh chandran said the cell was getting 15 to 20 petitions a day on an average.
we simultaneously bring the matter to the attention of the external affairs ministry and indian embassies in the respective countries.
at the same time, we contact the local indian organisations to help the victims.
if there is no positive results within three days, state president kummanam rajasekharan will directly call the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, seeking her intervention, he said.
rajesh said organisations like samanwaya in saudi arabia and people like manoj mavelikkara in kuwait, a team led by gireesh panth in dubai and durgadas in abu dhabi were of great help to the keralites in distress.
he also said that atrocities against indian labourers were on the rise in saudi arabia and oman.
unfortunately, the indian embassy is not that helpful, he said.
according to reports, kantaben shah was sent back to gujarat from the us by her younger son without checking her valid visa.
she had appealed for help as she is in no position to go back to the us and does not have a valid visa to stay in india.
kanta ben will not have to leave india.
we will resolve this for good, swaraj tweeted.
swaraj had assured help to the 90-year-old woman yesterday after media highlighted her plight.
shah was resisting her deportation to the us as she wants to spend her last years in her motherland.
a video grab of kulbhushan jadhavs statement released by pakistan.
india has said that jadhav was tortured and video was recorded under immense pressure | express photo serviceislamabad: india today demanded from pakistan a certified copy of the charge-sheet as well as the judgement in the death sentence of its national kulbhushan jadhav and sought consular access to him.
indian high commissioner in islamabad gautam bambawale met pakistan foreign secretary tehmina janjua in connection with the case of jadhav, who has been given death sentence by a pakistani military court for alleged spying.
i have asked for a certified copy of the charge-sheet as well as the judgement in the death sentence of kulbhushan jadhav, bambawale told pti.
they have denied our request for consular access 13 times (in the last one year).
i have again requested the pakistan foreign secretary to give access to jadhav so that we can appeal, he said.
sources in new delhi said apart from diplomatic options, india will also explore legal remedies permitted under pakistan legal system including jadhav's family appealing against the verdict.
pakistan's top military generals yesterday decided not to make any compromise on the death sentence given to jadhav.
the decision was made at a corps commanders' conference presided over by army chief general qamar bajwa at the general headquarters in rawalpindi.
the death sentence to jadhav, 46, was confirmed by army chief general bajwa after the field general court martial found him guilty of espionage and sabotage activities in pakistan.
pakistan claims its security forces had arrested jadhav from the restive balochistan province on march 3 last year after he reportedly entered from iran.
it also claimed that he was a serving officer in the indian navy.
the pakistan army had also released a confessional video of jadhav after his arrest.
india had acknowledged that jadhav had served with the navy but denied that he has any connection with the government.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had warned that jadhav's execution will be taken by india as a pre-meditated murder and pakistan should consider its consequences on bilateral relations, if it proceeds on this matter.
new delhi: uzma ahmed, the indian woman who was allegedly forced to marry a pakistani man at gunpoint during her visit there, called pakistan a well of death while narrating her ordeal on her return today.
seated with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, indian deputy high commissioner in islamabad j p singh, and other senior ministry officials, an emotional uzma said, it's easy to enter pakistan but nearly impossible to leave that place.
pakistan is a 'maut ka kuan' (well of death).
i've seen women who go there after arranged marriages.
they're miserable and living in terrible condition.
there are two, three, even four wives in every house, she said.
she said 'buner', the area where tahir, the pakistani man who married her at gunpoint, took her after giving her sleeping pills, was like a taliban-controlled region.
uzma said had she stayed there for a few more days she would have been dead.
she broke down several times while recalling the horror in front of the national media.
she profusely thanked swaraj, indian mission officials and other staffers for making her comfortable and ensuring her return.
uzma, who is in her early 20s, hails from new delhi.
she was allowed by the islamabad high court yesterday to return to india following a plea she filed with the court seeking its direction after her husband tahir ali seized her immigration papers and refused to return the document.
she crossed into india through the wagah border crossing near amritsar.
she was accompanied by indian mission officials and escorted by pakistani police personnel.
by uninew delhi: the bjp is holding a two-day national convention of its top leaders, office bearers, elected legislators and district level chiefs here.
on the inaugural day on friday, the party adopted two resolutions - one on agriculture and farm issue and the other on social sectors - underlining the party's concerns and attempt to focus on the growing concern over farmers' distress, loss of income in rural areas, disgruntled upper castes and jobs especially in the context of ensuing general elections.
prime minister narendra modi on saturday will address the concluding session of the two-meet - also being billed as the last such massive interactions of party leaders before the polls.
the decision to reserve 10 per cent seats for general category applicants for government jobs and education in government institutions, was described as a revolutionary and historic.
also read: reservation for economically weak sections: economic criterion cant be basis, says petition in scthis benefit will be available to the poor of all communities and religions and to groups who were not getting reservation up till now like brahmins, baniyas, kapus, marathas, patels, jats and rajputs, said the resolution on social sector moved by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj - highlighting party's focus to reach out to a large section of the electorate.
the government has taken a revolutionary and historic decision for the poor and middles classes of the country.
.
.
the benefit will be made available to the poor of every religion and to groups who were not getting reservation up till now, the resolution titled 'garib kalyan' said.
in the resolution passed on the welfare of farmers moved by union minister and senior party leader rajnath singh and seconded by maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis, the party lauded the modi-led government's policy-based, holistic approach to agricultural growth and farmers' welfare.
highlighting the various initiatives taken by the modi government, home minister mr singh said a provision of 14 lakh crore rupees has been made in the budget for strengthening rural economy.
also read: amit shah frames 2019 as 3rd battle of panipat, calls it a must-win fighthe said, during 2018-19, the government has enhanced the agriculture credit to 11 lakh crore rupees.
he said, the prime minister has set a target to double the farmer's income by 2022.
the second resolution dwelt on social sector the welfare of the poor.
earlier, in his presidential address, bjp chief amit shah said, the bill providing 10 per cent reservation in jobs and education to economically weaker sections in general category will benefit crores of youth.
seeking another term for bjp-led government at the centre, the bjp chief termed the present dispensation led by prime minister as transparent, corruption-free, decisive and sensitive.
also read: where are the jobs?
asks shiv sena after general category quotahe assured the nation that economic offenders, such as nirav modi, mehul choksi and vijay mallya will be brought back to the country to face the law.
in his spirited presidential address, mr shah waxed eloquent on key political issues and slammed the congress and trinamool congress even as he made a strong pitch for ram temple via 'constitutional route'.
we have said that through constitutional route only ram mandir will be constructed.
but congress is not leaving a single chance to create hurdle, mr shah said amid chanting of 'bharat mata ki jai' among the leaders and workers.
the underlining of a roadmap for ram temple, the bjp strategists feel, will help the right wing party consolidate its core vote of upper castes in the hindi-speaking states - where it suffered erosion of support base lately.
near the venue scores of party workers including women were seen carrying hoardings and posters and raising slogans.
our victory is certain in 2019, mr shah said in presence of prime minister modi and others.
the two resolutions adopted by the party at the convention do reflect the party's political concerns after the loss in the three hindi heartland states of madhya pradesh, rajasthan and chhattisgarh.
the bjp lauds its government for 'successfully' working out issues of farmers' income.
'new india' that we are trying to create, we will not just be able to reach the goal of doubling of farmers income but would also be looking forward from there.
.
.
the resolution on farm issue said.
hyderabad: a city-based woman naseem begum has alleged that her son and daughter-in-law mohammad rasheed and shabana begum are being mentally tortured and forcefully detained by their employer in riyadh, saudi arabia.
naseem, a resident of asif nagar told express, rasheed and shabana who were under huge debt were sent to riyadh through an agent syed minhaj promising them good pay on a three-month visa.
however, after reaching riyadh, their life became miserable.
not just they were made to work by their employer aziz rahman for extra hours under inhuman conditions, but were also made to stay in a cellar in the acute heat of saudi arabia.
they managed their stay in riyadh for eight months, after which shabana became ill.
she has been suffering with chest pain but rahman didnt provide her any money for treatment.
on the grounds of naseems complaint, amjed ullah khan, the spokesperson of telangana-based organisation majlis bachao tahreek, on wednesday, wrote a letter to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj seeking the couples rescue.
the couple eagerly wants to return home but rahman is stopping them.
he asks them to pay 8,000 saudi riyal or alternative domestic help if they want permission to leave.
they are being held captives, harassed and mentally tortured.
they have elderly parents and four minor daughters to attend to in hyderabad.
please intervene into this matter and rescue the couple, reads the letter.
meanwhile, indian embassy replied to khan on twitter saying, we have spoken to mr rasheed and his mother in india and counselled them.
we have also spoken to their agent.
we will take this case forward.
hyderabad: an intellectual forum under the banner concerned citizens of hyderabad cried foul over the justice a k roopanwal judicial commission appointed by the union hrd ministry that gave its report that research scholar rohith vemula was not a dalit.
speaking to reporters, members of the forum, former chief secretary of united ap kaki madhava rao and senior journalist mallepalli laxmaiah said that in roopanwal wasnt supposed to be investigating rohith vemulas caste.
the whole thing is a conspiracy to discredit (rohith) and save the administration, said rao adding that it was a political move ahead of assembly elections.
the roopanwal commission shifts the focus of vemula's january 17 suicide away from the case registered against uoh vice-chancellor appa rao, university official alok pandey, union minister bandaru dattatreya, abvp leader susheel kumar and bjp legislator n ramchander rao under the sc/st prevention of atrocities act and abetment to suicide, the panel said.
the conerned citizens group also referred to a national commission for scheduled castes (ncsc) report which declared rohith a dalit and directed the ap government to extend benefits to his family under the bpl category.
they also pointed out that guntur district collector had said the same.
the panel stated that the commissions inquiry into vemula's caste showed lack of commitment to the case currently lodged against powerful people.
they added this negligence was compounded by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's statement that vemula was not a dalit.
kent: fear, hurt and disbelief weighed on the minds of those who gathered at a sikh temple after the shooting of a sikh man who said a gunman approached him in his suburban seattle driveway and told him go back to your own country.
everybody who is part of this community needs to be vigilant, satwinder kaur, a sikh community leader, said as several hundred people poured into a temple in renton for worship services about one mile from friday night's shooting.
it is scary, she added.
the community has been shaken up.
authorities said a gunman approached the 39-year-old sikh man as he worked on his car in his driveway in the city of kent, about 20 miles south of seattle.
the fbi will help investigate the shooting, authorities said.
kent police chief ken thomas said sunday the department is investigating the shooting as a hate crime.
he said no arrests have been made yet after the victim was shot in the arm but that he did not believe anyone was in imminent danger.
this is a top priority investigation, and we are doing everything possible to identify and arrest the suspect, thomas said in an email, adding that residents in the city of about 125,000 should be vigilant but also not let the shooting hurt their quality of life.
the fbi's seattle office said in a statement sunday that it is committed to investigating crimes that are potentially hate-motivated, the seattle times reported.
the shooting comes after an indian man was killed and another wounded in a recent shooting at a kansas bar that federal agencies are investigating as a hate crime after witnesses say the suspect yelled get out of my country.
friday night's shooting was on the minds of many who gathered at a sikh temple in nearby renton sunday morning for worship.
women in colorful saris and headscarves and men wearing turbans sat on the floor on opposite sides inside the worship space.
as they entered and left the services, many expressed fear that one of their own was targeted and said they're scared to go to the store or other public places.
some said they have noticed an uptick in name-calling and other racist incidents in recent months.
still others expressed hurt and disbelief at the lack of understanding and ignorance.
sikhism teaches about equality and peace, said sandeep singh, 24.
it's sad to see that's what it has come to, he said of the violence.
this is our country.
this is everyone's country.
gurjot singh, 39, who served in the marine corps and is an iraq war veteran, said he was dismayed that people think others who look different aren't equal or don't contribute equally to the community.
this is equally my country as it is your country, he said.
it doesn't anger me.
it hurts me.
hira singh, a sikh community leader, said there have been increasing complaints recently from sikhs near seattle who say they have been the target of foul language or other comments.
this kind of incident shakes up the whole community, he said, adding that about 50,000 members of the faith live in washington state.
kent councilwoman brenda fincher went to the temple sunday to show support for the community.
when a hate crime happens, we have to stand up and make sure everyone knows it's not acceptable, she said.
kent police have not identified the man or released other information.
but india's foreign minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, identified the victim on twitter early sunday, saying, i am sorry to know about the attack on deep rai, a u.s. national of indian origin.
she said she had spoken to rai's father, who told her rai is out of danger and recovering in a hospital.
rai told police a man he didn't know came up to him friday night and they got into an argument, with the suspect telling rai to go back to his homeland.
he described the shooter as 6 feet tall and white with a stocky build, police said.
he said the man was wearing a mask covering the lower half of his face.
all of the information that i have available at this time suggests that the information provided by the victim is credible, thomas, the police chief, wrote.
sikhs have previously been the target of assaults in the u.s. after the sept.
11, 2001, attacks, the backlash that hit muslims around the country expanded to include those of the sikh faith.
men often cover their heads with turbans, which are considered sacred, and refrain from shaving their beards.
in 2012, a man shot and killed six sikh worshippers and wounded four others at a sikh temple near milwaukee before killing himself.
the sikh coalition, a national civil rights group, on sunday said everything must be done to confront this growing epidemic of hate violence.
we are all accountable for what happened in kent, washington on friday night, jasmit singh, a seattle-area community leader, said in a statement.
raj singh ajmani, who lives in bellevue, said he was shocked by the shooting.
when it happens in your own community, you realize the danger and the times we're living in, he said before heading to service.
some people worry that more such violence will occur because of president trump.
by ptiislamabad: pakistan foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi on sunday defended his controversial googly comments, which drew sharp criticism from india, saying that linking his remarks to sikh sentiments was misleading.
on thursday, qureshi had said prime minister imran khan bowled a googly to ensure indian government's presence at the groundbreaking ceremony of the landmark kartarpur corridor.
a googly is a leg-spinner's prize weapon, which is almost undetectable.
qureshi noted that it was the same indian government that had said it will not engage with pakistan sent two ministers to the groundbreaking ceremony.
khan on wednesday laid the foundation stone for the kartarpur corridor linking two revered gurdwaras on both sides of the border in kartarpur in punjab province.
union ministers from india, harsimrat kaur badal and hardeep singh puri, along with congress leader navjot singh sidhu, attended the event in pakistan punjab province's narowal area.
qureshi's remarks drew strong criticism from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who came down heavily on her pakistani counterpart saying his comments exposed him and that pakistan has no respect for sikh sentiments.
qureshi took to twitter on sunday to respond to the criticisms.
dragging my comment towards 'sikh sentiments' is a deliberate attempt to misrepresent & mislead.
what i said was strictly with ref to bilateral interaction with the indian govt, he tweeted.
dragging my comment towards sikh sentiments is a deliberate attempt to misrepresent & mislead.
what i said was strictly with ref to bilat.
interaction with the indian govt.
we have deep respect for sikh sentiments & no amount of distortions or controversies would change it.
1/2  shah mahmood qureshi (@smqureshipti) 2 december 2018we have deep respect for sikh sentiments and no amount of distortions or controversies would change it, he said.
qureshi also said the kartarpur corridor was opened to fulfil the desires of the sikh community.
in deference to the long-standing desires of our sikh brethren, we decided to open the kartarpur corridor.
we have taken this historic initiative in good faith and will carry it forward in good faith, he tweeted.
this shows that you have no respect for sikh sentiments.
you only play 'googlies'.
let me explain to you that we were not trapped by your 'googlies'.
our two sikh ministers went to kartarpur sahib to offer prayers in the holy gurudwara, she said.
union minister harsimrat kaur badal also took exception to qureshi's remarks and warned pakistan that it should not use the kartarpur corridor issue and religion to fulfil its evil designs of vitiating the peaceful atmosphere in india and particularly in punjab.
she said the issue was a matter of faith and there is no scope for one-upmanship and petty politics on it.
going to sri kartarpur sahib was a matter of faith for me.
indulging in one-upmanship on this sacred issue is uncalled for.
no one was bowled over by any 'googly'.
pm modi and ministers have only respected sentiments of sikhs by authoring and participating in this noble initiative, she said on friday.
if you think you will be able to fulfil your evil designs by misusing our religion, you are mistaken do not use religion to fulfil your evil intentions, she said.
new delhi: top ministers of the nda government were today conspicuous by their absence from the lok sabha during the question hour.
prime miniser narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj were seen in the rajya sabha.
but the front row of the lok sabha treasury benches occupied by heavyweights like arun jaitley, nitin gadkari, rajnath singh, swaraj and modi was empty.
bjp veteran l k advani, who also occupies the front row, walked in late during the question hour, while another party senior murli manohar joshi was also not present.
it was a rare sight as at least one of the top ministers is usually present during question hour.
government formation talks are still on in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand, where the bjp is yet to decide on who will be the chief ministers.
in goa, things finally settled down today after the manohar parrikar government won a trust vote on the floor of the goa assembly.
parrikar was sworn in two days ago, after the supreme court gave the go-ahead following a case filed by the congress, which emerged the single largest party in the state when election results were announced on march 11.
in manipur too, it was the congress that got the highest number of seats but could not cross the half-way mark.
the bjp rallied support of other mlas and formed the government, with chief minister n biren singh being sworn in on wednesday.
washington: an indian engineer was killed and two others were injured after an american man yelling get out of my country opened fire on them in a crowded bar in kansas city in an apparent hate crime incident.
the story was first broken by the kansas city star website.
updates:we will make all arrangements to transport the mortal remains of srinivas kuchibhotla to hyderbad.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 24, 2017indian ambassador has also informed me that alok madasani who was injured in the incident has been discharged from the hospital.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 24, 2017external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted that indian ambassador in us navtej sarna has stated that two indian embassy officials have rushed to kansas to look into the matter.
i am shocked at the shooting incident in kansas in which srinivas kuchibhotla has been killed.
my heartfelt condolences to bereaved family.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 24, 2017---srinivas kuchibhotla (32), who was working at gps-maker garmin headquarters in olathe, was killed while another indian man and his colleague alok madasani was critically injured after a 51-year-old navy veteran started shooting hurling racial slurs following an altercation on wednesday night.
also read: will bring back body of killed indian engineer to hyderabad, assures swaraja third person, an american man identified as ian grillot who tried to intervene also received injuries in the firing in austins bar and grill in olathe.
the shooter, adam purinton, reportedly got into an argument with the victims in the terms of racism, and shouted get out of my country, terrorist before shooting them.
the shooter reportedly provoked them into argument asking their presence and work in his country, and how they are better than him.
according to police, purinton left the bar after the argument and then returned with a gun and shot the three men while patrons were watching the university of kansas-tcu basketball game on television in the bar.
alok madasani (source: facebook)the shooter was arrested on thursday morning, five hours after the incident and charged with murder and attempted murder.
authorities declined at a news conference to say whether the shooting was a hate crime although local police said they were working with the fbi to investigate the case.
it was a tragic and senseless act of violence, olathe police chief steven menke told reporters.
in new delhi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj expressed shock over the incident and said two indian embassy officials have been rushed to kansas to render all possible assistance.
i am shocked at the shooting incident in kansas in which srinivas kuchibhotla has been killed.
my heartfelt condolences to bereaved family, she tweeted.
i have spoken to indian ambassador in us mr navtej sarna.
he informed me that two indian embassy officials have rushed to kansas, she said.
external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said kuchibhotla and madasani hailed from hyderabad and warangal, and were working at garmin in olathe (kansas).
the indian embassy officials will meet the injured and facilitate in bringing the mortal remains of the deceased and will be in touch with local police officials to ascertain more details of the incident and monitor follow-up action.
they will also meet the community members in kansas, swarup said.
according to garmin, kuchibhotla and madasani worked in the company's aviation systems.
we're saddened that two garmin associates were involved in last night's (wednesday night) incident, and we express our condolences to the family and friends of our co-workers involved.
garmin will have grievance counsellors on-site and available for its associates today and tomorrow, garmin said in a statement.
the fbi has joined local police authorities in the investigation.
the fbi is investigating to determine if the shooting of kuchibhotla, was a bias-motivated hate crime in violation of the victims' civil rights, eric jackson, special agent in charge of the fbis kansas city office told reporters at a news conference.
the shooter, a navy veteran with inactive pilot license and air traffic controller certificate, told a bartender in clinton, missouri, where he was hiding after the shooting that he killed two middle eastern persons, local media reported.
adam purinton, a us navy veteran, key accused in the kansas shooting (kansas city star website video screengrab)he has been charged with premeditated first-degree murder and his bond has been set at usd 2 million.
according to kansas city star, the shooter worked as an air traffic controller in olathe.
he also worked at the federal aviation administration, but left faa in 2000.
friends of kuchibhotla have set up a gofundme page to help raise funds for sending his remains to india.
srini was the kindest person you would meet, full of love, care and compassion for everyone.
he never uttered a word of hatred, a simple gossip, or a careless comment.
he was brilliant, well mannered and simply an outstanding human being, the fund raising page said.
also read: kin allege killing of warangal boy in us a hate crimehis wife sunayana and his family are now faced with incredible grief and a multitude of expenses, it said.
the shooting incident comes at a time when hate crimes and acts of bigotry have risen notably during the recent months in america.
it has sent shocked waves among indian-american and the indian community across the united states.
our thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of kuchibhotla, said jay kansara, director of government relations at hindu american foundation.
we are also praying for a speedy recovery for the injured.
we call upon the us department of justice and local law enforcement to investigate this murder as what it is, a hate crime.
anything less will be an injustice to the victims and their families, he said.
a report in the kansas city star said 24-year-old grillot hid behind a table when purinton opened fire.
he counted the gunshots and when he thought the gunman was out of bullets, he jumped up to stop him but purinton still had one round left, and he used it to shoot grillot.
the bullet went through the 24-year-old olathe man's hand and into his chest.
im just very grateful that one of the gentlemen is fine and alive.
its terrible what happened to his friend.
but i think he was watching over us last night, he said.
grillot said that he learned madasanis wife is five months pregnant and that he considers the engineer his new best friend.
the sports bar where the shooting took place has been closed with a sign on the door that said it would remain closed indefinitely.
new delhi: myanmar, which has recently attained democracy, holds a unique position in india's neighbourhood, prime minister narendra modi said on monday.
myanmar is special for us.
it holds a unique position in india's neighbourhood, modi said in a joint press conference after holding bilateral talks with visiting myanmar president htin kyaw.
the longstanding cultural and historical linkages between our societies form a solid foundation of our ties, he said.
modi said india's engagement with myanmar supported projects in connectivity, infrastructure, capacity building education, healthcare and many other sectors.
india and myanmar signed four agreements following the bilateral talks, including ones on constructing 69 bridges on the trilateral highway connecting india, myanmar and thailand and cooperation in the field of renewable energy.
president kyaw, who is on a four-day visit, was in bodh gaya in bihar on saturday and later visited the taj mahal in agra on sunday.
this is the first presidential visit from myanmar to india after nobel laureate suu kyi's national league for democracy (nld) came to power in march this year.
prior to the meeting with modi on monday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on president kyaw.
earlier in the day, the visiting dignitary was accorded a ceremonial welcome at rashtrapati bhavan.
union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, known for her prompt responses to emergency tweets, on sunday slammed a man who requested a transfer for his wife.
@sushmaswaraj can u plz help us in ending our banwas in india?
my wife is in jhansi rly employee and i work in pune in it.
been a year+.
smit raj.
(@smitraj07) january 8, 2017the pune-based techie requested a transfer for his wife, who works for the railway ministry and is posted in a different city, to which swaraj replied, i would have ordered a suspension had this transfer request been made to my ministry.
if you or your wife were from my ministry and such a request for transfer was made on twitter, i would have sent a suspension order by now.
https://t.
co/limngqwfh6  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) january 8, 2017the union minister also tagged railway minister suresh prabhu, another active social media minister, in her response to it professional smit raj's request.
prabhu replied that he has nothing to do with transfers and would ask a top railway officer to look into the case.
the techie had used banwas or exile to describe his situation after swaraj interacted with us-based sanjay pandita who had asked for her help to get a passport for his wife, claiming that he had been forced to live without her because of the delay.
hyderabad: union minister venkaiah naidu today condemned the killing of an indian engineer in kansas, saying the us government should respond to such incidents and take the strongest action.
usa should respond to this incident.
american president and people of america, they should come out openly to condemn such actions.
.
.
and then take strongest action.
also send a message that it is not acceptable, naidu told reporters here.
these kind of incidents involving racial discrimination are shameful.
they will dent the image of usa.
so the us president, administration and civil societies should unequivocally respond and condemn such incidents.
i as a central minister condemn such incidents, he said.
according to reports, the shooter who has been arrested, yelled get out of my country before opening fire on 32-year-old srinivas kuchibhotla and his indian colleague alok madasani on wednesday night.
srinivas was killed while his friend was injured.
a third person, an american man identified as ian grillot, 24, who tried to intervene also received injuries in the firing in austins bar and grill in olathe in kansas city in the us state of missouri.
naidu said he spoke regarding the incident to his cabinet colleague and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who gave appropriate directions to the indian high commission.
it is shocking that kuchibhotla was shot dead in an alleged (case of) racial discrimination.
it caused mental agony to all indians.
i express my sympathies to the bereaved family.
the moment i came to know about the incident i spoke to sushmaswaraj swaraj.
she accordingly gave instructions to the indian high commission in usa, he said.
by ptikuwait: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was tuesday accorded a warm welcome on her arrival in kuwait where she will engage in several bilateral meetings and interact with the indian community members during the two days visit to the oil-rich gulf nation.
swaraj arrived in kuwait from doha where she met emir of qatar sheikh tamim bin hamad al-thani on monday and discussed ways to move forward on the roadmap set by the top leaders of the two countries.
eam sushmaswaraj swaraj warmly welcomed in kuwait, the 'land of pearls'.
hectic two days await with a flurry of bilateral meetings and activities, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
read | after successful talks with qatar sheikh tamim bin hamad, mea sushmaswaraj swaraj to visit kuwait nexteam will hold discussions with the leadership of kuwait and interact with indian community members, kumar said in another tweet.
it is swaraj's maiden visit to kuwait.
during her doha visit, swaraj held delegation level talks with her counterpart h e sheikh mohammed bin abdulrahman al thani.
both sides discussed the entire gamut of bilateral relations and signed a declaration to establish joint commission at the level of external affairs and foreign minister to periodically review progress in various cooperation initiatives, the external affairs ministry said in a statement.
india said the bilateral trade in 2017-18 stood at usd 9.
9 billion and indian exports to qatar during this period registered an increase of 87 per cent over the previous year.
qatari investments were invited in the areas including petrochemicals, infrastructure, agriculture and food processing, the statement said.
both sides expressed satisfaction at the smooth functioning of various institutional mechanisms for strengthening of bilateral relationship.
she also addressed and interacted with over 500 representatives of the indian community.
swaraj had arrived in doha on sunday on the first leg of her four-day visit to qatar and kuwait.
india shares close and friendly bilateral relations with kuwait.
as per the latest statistics, over 8 lakh indian nationals legally reside in kuwait.
kuwait has been a reliable supplier of crude oil to india.
during 2017-18, kuwait was the ninth largest oil supplier to india and it meets about 4.
6 per cent of india's energy needs.
total bilateral trade with kuwait during 2016-17 was usd 5.
9 billion and for 2017-18 was usd 8.
53 billion.
lt.
gen.
mcmaster (left) is expected to meet prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file photo)new delhi: united states national security advisor lieutenant general hr mcmaster is in delhi to hold talks with his indian counterpart ajit doval.
he is expected to meet prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
mcmaster yesterday met pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif and discussed bilateral ties, afghan situation and rising tensions between india, pakistan.
lt.
gen.
mcmaster also met adviser to the prime minister on foreign affairs sartaj aziz in islamabad.
aziz briefed lt.
gen.
mcmaster on the policies being pursued by the pakistan government that have resulted in improved security environment and economic turnaround in the country.
the dawn quoted aziz, as saying that that pakistan remains determined to continue its fight as part of the national action plan until terrorism is completely eliminated from the country.
expressing pakistan's concerns over the deteriorating security situation in afghanistan, aziz reaffirmed islamabad's commitment to working with the international community to support peace efforts in afghanistan.
he also stressed on the importance of effective border management to achieve sustainable peace in the region.
lt.
gen.
mcmaster thanked aziz and acknowledged pakistan's sacrifices in combating extremism and terrorism.
he renewed the commitment of the new administration to work closely with pakistan in strengthening mutually beneficial relations and towards the shared objectives of peace and stability in afghanistan and the region.
lt.
gen.
mcmaster, who is on his maiden visit to pakistan after being elected as president donald trump's national security advisor, will next visit india to assess the situation in the two countries and then report back to the white house.
by ptinew delhi: union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was tuesday moved by a tunisian woman's professed love for india, prompting the senior politician to say that she must have been an indian in her previous life.
maha gaida, 31, who speaks four indian languages -- hindi, urdu, malayalam and tamil -- participated in the grand finale of the 'bharat ko janiye' quiz and became emotionally overwhelmed while describing her relationship with india.
tunisia and india, both have a very special place in my heart.
and, i am delighted to be part of this event, and excited to explore india more.
i wish to thank sushmaswaraj ji for this opportunity, she said.
maha, who participated in the foreigner category, later while interacting with reporters said this was her fourth visit to india, but first shot at the quiz contest.
her professed love for india, charmed swaraj, who in her address at the event held at the pravasi bharatiya kendra here, said, among all the events organised by the mea, the quiz is the dearest to me.
maha has been very excited about her visit and was getting overwhelmed answering each of the question which shows she came well-prepared.
but, what is the most striking part is her love for india, she said.
maha, you must have been an indian in your previous life.
we in india believe that (previous life).
during the felicitation ceremony, maha greeted swaraj by touching her feet on the dais and the minister reciprocated by hugging her.
a senior ministry of external affairs official said 24 contestants were selected for the semi-final, which took place on sunday, from over 40,000 applications drawn from over 100 countries.
from 24 semi-finalists, nine were chosen for the grand finale in three categories -- nri, pio and foreigner.
an emotionally overwhelmed maha, during her interaction with reporters, said she learned kathakali dance in kerala during her visit to india a few years ago.
i love bollywood films, but i also love south indian language films.
indian films are not just bollywood.
i like shah rukh khan but also vijay from tamil films and others, she said.
maha, who hails from sousse city in tunisia, said she watches film on internet which helped her pick up hindi.
her younger sister, soha, a fashion designer, who also participated in the quiz event, said, we watch films on tv with french subtitles.
maha said both india and tunisia had several similarities like spicy food, scenic locales and cultural roots celebrated in both the countries.
i am deeply in love with india and it is my heart, she extolled.
ramananda sengupta byexpress news servicenew delhi: abdulla shahid, the new foreign minister of the republic of maldives, met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi on monday and reiterated his governments india first policy.
shahid, accompanied by minister of state for foreign affairs ahmed khaleel, foreign secretary abdul ghafoor mohammed, finance minister fayaaz ismail, minister of economic development ahmed khaleel, arrived in new delhi on saturday on a four-day visit.
during their talks on monday, swaraj and shahid discussed the modalities for the state visit of president ibrahim mohamed solih to india on december 17, and ways to ramp up the economic, cultural, defence and political partnership between the two nations, which had taken a hit during the previous regime of pro-china president abdulla yameen.
prime minister narendra modi had visited the capital male on november 17 for the swearing ceremony of solih, head of the opposition alliance who had unexpectedly won against yameen in the september elections.
during the swaraj-shahid meeting, the latter reiterated that the government of maldives would be sensitive towards indias security and strategic concerns.
sushma in turn assured him of indian help in ensuring fiscal and budgetary stability, which faces a chinese debt trap owning to yameens decision to allow massive chinese infrastructure investments in the country.
shahid also met defence minister nirmala sitharaman.
parvez sultan byexpress news servicenew delhi: heads of several ineffective and inactive senior bjp office-bearers may roll in a major reshuffle after may 23 as state unit chief manoj tiwari seeks to strengthen the organisational setup for next years delhi polls.
these office-bearers were found to be not up to the mark during the poll campaign as per the reports of independent observers and coordinators appointed by the central leadership, said a top party functionary.
tiwari is seeking a strong team which can propel the party in the assembly elections.
so he has planned a reshuffle soon after the lok sabha election results.
the trigger for restructuring the local unit is the inputs received from the central leadership pertaining to the performance of party leaders in the recently concluded campaign, said the delhi bjp leader.
it is learnt that the bjp deployed independent observers and coordinators to facilitate the party candidates in electioneering.
these observers also sent a ground report daily to the top leadership.
the findings of independent individuals engaged by the party were forwarded to the state unit, which points out that several key senior office-bearers were missing in action during the elections, said a delhi bjp leader.
he added that the party leadership was particularly upset with those leaders who were seen at the residence of rival leaders during electioneering.
they were inactive and found working against the interest of the party during the lok sabha polls in the national capital.
several of them are likely to face the music as tiwari has planned punitive action against these errant party functionaries after the results.
according to the party leaders, with less than a year left for the assembly elections, the state leaderships move for restructuring the organisation clearly suggests that tiwari does not want to take a chance.
to maintain the momentum received in the parliamentary elections, he may introduce new faces in his team, informed a senior delhi bjp leader.
gross misconduct and glaring mismanagement were prevailing, which was visible during the election campaign in public meetings of several senior leaders and union ministers such as sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had come to east delhi for gautam gambhir, and giriraj singh, who was in south delhi for ramesh bidhuri, said another party leader.
hence, the party is also mulling reorganising departments and cells for better coordination and to achieve the desired targets and positive publicity in the coming months.
new delhi: terming the incidents of attacks on african students as unfortunate, government on friday said in lok sabha that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will make a statement on this in parliament.
the development has come a day after nigeria summoned the indian high commissioner in the country.
nigeria had asked india to ensure the immediate arrest and prosecution of those responsible.
in a series of attacks since monday, at least five nigerian students were allegedly assaulted by mobs in greater noida in the ncr area.
the incidents of attacks on the african students are unfortunate.
sushma swaraj spoke to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath.
the matter is being probed.
enquiry will be impartial, parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar said in lok sabha after rajeev satav of congress raised the issue during the zero hour, asking the government to take serious note of this and make a statement.
ramananda sengupta byexpress news servicenew delhi: in a move unlikely to go down well with the rabidly patriarchal taliban that hopes to return to power in afghanistan, india and central asian nations have proposed attracting afghan women to participate in the countrys public life.
the first meeting of the india-central asia foreign ministers dialogue, with the participation of afghanistan, in samarkhand, uzbekistan, on saturday also agreed to promote inclusive afghan-led, afghan-owned peace process and reconciliation, and to assist in economic reconstruction of afghanistan.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her counterparts from afghanistan, kazakhstan, the kyrgyz republic, tajikistan, turkmenistan and uzbekistan participated in the meeting.
welcoming the participation of afghanistan as an important land link in regional cooperation, transit of goods and energy, all the ministers expressed their commitment to peace, security and stability of afghanistan.
us president donald trumps proposal to halve the american troops in afghanistan has emboldened the taliban, which has consistently rejected talks with the afghan government.
last week, it called off talks with us officials led by special representative for afghanistan reconciliation zalmay khalilzad due to an agenda disagreement.
khalilzad was also in new delhi last week as part of a tour of china, afghanistan, and pakistan to brief officials on his efforts to bring the taliban to the negotiating table.
india sees the taliban as a proxy for pakistans isi, and has consistently refused to hold direct talks with it.
senior government officials had rejected gen bipin rawats recent comments that india would be left behind if it didnt engage with the taliban.
the army chief has no business commenting on a political decision, said an official.
by ptibeijing: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her chinese counterpart wang yi would meet on the sidelines of next week's russia-india-china foreign ministers' conference in china amid beijing's continued blocking of india and other countries' moves to list pakistan-based jem chief masood azhar as a global terrorist by the un.
the meeting assumes significance as it will be the first high-level interaction between the two countries after the pulwama terror attack carried out by pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammad (jem) in which 40 crpf soldiers were killed on february 14.
china, while expressing shock over the incident, reiterated its stand to block moves to list azhar as a global terrorist by the un's 1267 sanctions committee.
the 16th meeting of the russia-india-china (ric) foreign ministers would be held at the chinese city of wuzhen in the eastern zhejiang province on february 27, china's foreign ministry spokesman geng shuang announced on wednesday.
also read| china urges restraint by india, pakistan on pulwama terror attackduring this foreign ministers' meeting, the three foreign ministers will focus on the implementation of their leaders' consensus, and exchange views on major international, regional issues of common concern and deepening trilateral cooperation.
i am sure this meeting will achieve positive outcomes, geng said.
besides swaraj and wang, the meeting would be attended by russian foreign minister sergei lavrov, he said.
official sources here told pti that swaraj and wang would also meet on the sidelines of the ric ministers meeting.
this is expected to provide an opportunity for both the ministers to have in-depth discussions on china's reluctance to back efforts by india, the us, the uk and france to list azhar as a global terrorist by the un's 1267 sanctions committee.
china, an all-weather ally of pakistan and a veto-wielding member, has stonewalled all efforts by the four countries by putting technical holds since 2016.
however france, also a veto-wielding member, has announced that it would move a new resolution in the 1267 committee to list azhar in the light of the pulwama attack.
to a question about the ric meeting taking place under the shadow of the pulwama attack, geng, while reiterating china's stand, said that beijing would adopt a constructive stand on this issue.
china hopes that with the concerted efforts by the three countries, ric ministers meeting will achieve positive outcomes, he said.
you talked about the designation of jem head as an international terrorist, i have already answered many questions regarding the same.
the 1267 committee of un security council has clear rules and procedures when it comes to the designation of terrorists and terrorist organisations.
on this issue, we will adopt a constructive attitude to work with all sides, geng said.
in a written reply to a question from pti about france's decision to once again move a proposal to list azhar as a global terrorist, geng said, i am not aware of the specific situation you mentioned.
the 1267 security committee has clear norms on the listing and procedures of terrorist organisations or individuals.
china will continue to communicate and cooperate with relevant parties in a constructive and responsible manner.
on february 15, geng, when asked about the external affairs ministry's appeal to all members of the un security council to list azhar as a global terrorist after the pulwama attack, said, as for the issue of listing, i could tell you that the 1267 committee of security council has a clear stipulation on the listing and procedure of the terrorist organisations.
jem has been included in the security council terrorism sanctions list.
china will continue to handle the relevant sanctions issue in a constructive and responsible manner.
on the forthcoming ric meeting which is an annual affair, geng in his wednesday's media briefing said that china, russia and india are important countries of the world and newly-emerging markets.
they share important common interests and responsibilities in maintaining world peace, stability and development.
since the establishment of the trilateral mechanism, this has played an important role in enhancing strategic communication and coordinating positions, and seeking consensus and cooperation between the three countries, he said.
in last november, leaders of the three countries held an informal meeting in argentina.
new delhi: women and child development minister maneka gandhi has written a letter to hrd minister prakash javadekar asking to change rules for the mandatory writing of fathers name on degree certificate as according to her that bothers single mothers.
gandhi, who had earlier written a similar kind of letter to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for removing clause of having the name of both parents on passports, said she has received a lot of communications from single mothers asking to do away with the practice of having the name of both the parents.
i have been approached by several women who are separated from their husbands and who face problems getting degree certificates issued for their children without their father's name, said the letter.
explaining that breakdown of marriages and separation between husband and wife is now a reality, maneka said, keeping in view the sensitivity of the single and separated mother, we need to make a provision for this purpose by changing rules and guidelines.
last year, the wcd minister wrote to swaraj and months later the mea came out with changed rules where an applicant can mention the name of either of the parents.
it was necessitated by a single mother writing to both the ministers and initiating a petition on change.org.
the amended rules also said that a woman need to mention the name of separated spouse for getting a passport.
by ptiindore: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tuesday said geeta, a hearing and speech impaired person who was brought to india from pakistan three years ago, would never be sent back.
geeta is the daughter of india.
even if she does not meet her family, she will never be sent back to pakistan.
i am also toiling to find her parents as she has attained marriageable age, and efforts are on to get her married, the minister added.
a centre here has been given the special responsibility of taking care of geeta after she returned from pakistan on october 26, 2015.
pakistan rangers had found geeta, when she was 7-8 years old, on the samjhauta express that runs between the two countries.
she was taken care of by the edhi foundation in pakistan.
by iansnew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's husband swaraj kaushal on tuesday welcomed her decision not to contest the 2019 lok sabha elections.
madam (sushma swaraj) - thank you very much for your decision not to contest any more elections.
i remember there came a time when even milkha singh stopped running, he said in a series of tweets.
also read: sushmaswaraj swaraj to not contest 2019 lok sabha electionsthis marathon has been on since 1977 - that is 41 years.
you have contested 11 direct elections.
in fact you contested all elections held since 1977 except twice when party did not allow you to contest in 1991 and 2004, he said.
you have been four terms in lok sabha, three terms in rajya sabha and thrice elected to state assembly.
you are contesting elections since you were 25 - and fighting elections for 41 years is quite a marathon, he said.
madam - i am running behind you for the last 46 years.
i am no longer a 19-year-old.
please, i am also running out of breath.
thank you, he added.
new delhi: india on sunday expressed concern over the repeated attacks by inmates on an indian engineer imprisoned in pakistan jail and sought consular access to him.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has directed the indian high commissioner in pakistan to seek consular access to hamid nehal ansari, a resident of mumbai who had entered pakistan illegally via afghanistan after allegedly falling in love with an afghan girl.
ansari has suffered injuries after inmates in peshawar central prison attacked him.
taking cognizance of the development, swaraj tweeted: i am very much disturbed to read about repeated attacks on hamid ansari who is detained in peshawar jail since 2012.
it is inhuman.
i have asked our high commissioner in pakistan to seek consular access to hamid ansari in hospital/jail and report, she tweeted.
the 31-year-old engineer is serving three-year jail term awarded by a military court for spying and for possessing fake pakistani identity card.
three years ago when he was 27, ansari left his home saying he was heading to afghanistan in search of a job.
his family later found out that he fell in love with a girl from the kohat region of western pakistan.
the recent development in the case started as ansaris lawyer qazi mohammad anwar submitted in the peshawar high court that his client was attacked by the jail inmates thrice and has been shifted to a hospital for treatment.
it is reported that ansari has been kept in a cell meant for criminals awaiting execution for murder.
also he has been subjected to physical assaults and slaps on a daily basis.
the petition has requested the court to summon the superintendent of the jail, where ansari was attacked.
through our high commission in islamabad, the government has raised the matter of ansaris well-being and his early release.
we have also requested consular access and requested the government of pakistan to allow him to speak to his family, mea spokesperson vikas swarup said.
by afpnew delhi: a string of violent escalations have pushed india and pakistan to the brink of conflict, sparking global alarm and calls for restraint between the nuclear-armed neighbours.
here is an explanation of the events so far, and the possible next steps:what triggered the crisis?
on february 14, 40 paramilitaries were killed in a suicide bomb attack in the indian-administered part of kashmir, igniting outrage.
it was the deadliest militant attack there in three decades, and was claimed by pakistan-based group jaish-e-mohammed (jem).
kashmir has been a major flashpoint since the end of british rule in the subcontinent in 1947.
a ceasefire line divides it between india and pakistan, but both claim the himalayan region in its entirety.
also read: jem attacker deployed suv loaded with nearly 300 kg of explosiveskashmir has seen hostilities during three india-pakistan wars, as well as a limited conflict in 1999.
india has 500,000 troops stationed in the region to counter an armed insurgency by separatists seeking either independence or a merger with pakistan.
how did india react?
prime minister narendra modi threatened a jaw-breaking response after the bombing.
new delhi demanded action from islamabad, which it accuses of using militant groups as proxies to fuel unrest in kashmir and carry out terror attacks in india.
on february 26, indian warplanes crossed the kashmir ceasefire line into pakistani airspace, dropping bombs on what new delhi described as a large jem camp where militants were preparing to stage more attacks in india.
also read: how iaf plotted and executed surgical strike 2.
0islamabad confirmed the incursion and the dropping of payloads in undisputed pakistani territory, a few kilometres outside the part of kashmir it controls.
but it said new delhi's claim of killing scores of militants was self-serving, reckless and fictitious.
what was pakistan's response?
an infuriated islamabad vowed retaliation after the raid, india's first use of air power on pakistani soil since the two fought a war in 1971 -- when neither had nuclear weapons.
on february 27, pakistani jets flew across the kashmir ceasefire line in what islamabad described as a show of strength, hitting open spaces after locking on to military targets.
also read: avoid escalation, focus on getting wing commander abhinandan back, advise former iaf brassbut there was a dramatic escalation when the pakistani planes were chased by indian fighters.
in the ensuing fight, both sides claimed to have shot down each other's warplanes.
pakistan said it downed two indian jets, and detained one of their pilots.
new delhi confirmed the loss of one of its planes, and said a pakistani jet was shot down -- which islamabad denied.
india has demanded the immediate and safe return of the pilot.
as tensions reached a level not seen in years, pakistan closed its airspace completely.
what happens next?
the crisis has sparked alarm across the world, with major powers urging the two nuclear-armed rivals to act with restraint.
both sides have sought to play down the threat of war -- pakistani prime minister imran khan and indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj have said they do not want to escalate further.
a lot rests on how india reacts to the pakistani retaliation and the capture of its pilot, analysts said.
if india were to.
.
.
retaliate again, that could really take things to another level, michael kugelman of the wilson center told bloomberg tv.
also read: pakistan used its air force to target india's military installations, bid foiled: mea on border standoffbut the fact that pakistan has one of its pilots may limit its options and may make it a bit more cautious.
and given limited communication between the two, there is increased scope for misunderstanding and miscalculation, wrote rahul roy-chaudhury of the international institute for strategic studies.
while there is international pressure to avoid a plunge into full-blown war, there may be pressure within india to not let pakistan have the last word.
india is led by a government that's very conservative, and has been very tough on pakistan.
there's an election coming up in a few weeks in india.
.
.
i find it hard to believe that india would be ready to de-escalate, roy-chaudhury said.
i don't know if we've seen the last of these fireworks on the sub-continent, unfortunately.
by ptinew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday met saudia arabia's crown prince mohammed bin salman and discussed ways to add further momentum to the strategic ties between the two nations besides deepening engagement in the areas of trade and investment.
the crown prince arrived here on tuesday night on a less than 30-hour visit.
in a special gesture, prime minister narendra modi received him at airport.
after he was given a ceremonial welcome at the rashtrapati bhavan, the powerful saudi leader talked about historical linkages between the two countries and stressed on expanding ties further.
the relationship between india and saudi arabia is in our dna.
today, we want to be ensured that the relationship is maintained and improved for sake of both the countries and with the leadership of mr president and the prime minister, we can create good things for both the countries, he told reporters.
the saudi crown prince also talked about the contribution of lakhs of indians in the overall development of saudi arabia.
he arrived here a day after concluding his high-profile tour of pakistan where he said dialogue was the only way to resolve outstanding issues between india and pakistan.
after the meeting between salman and swaraj, the ministry of external affairs spokesperson said ways to expand strategic dimension of the ties were discussed.
eam @sushmaswaraj called on hrh crown prince of #saudiarabia mohammed bin salman.
discussed adding momentum to strategic dimension of our relationship in various fields - from trade & investment to defence & security, and regional cooperation, the spokesperson tweeted.
according to the ministry of external affairs, the crown prince will leave new delhi around 11.
50 pm on wednesday.
his visit comes in the backdrop of escalating tension between india and pakistan following the pulwama terror attack carried out by pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammad (jem) terror group in which 40 crpf were killed.
in a joint statement, pakistan and saudi arabia on monday called for avoiding politicisation of the un listing regime at a time when india was stepping up efforts to brand the jem terror group's chief masood azhar as a global terrorist.
the joint statement said the saudi crown prince stressed that dialogue is the only way to ensure peace and stability in the region to resolve outstanding issues between india and pakistan.
saudi arabia's minister of state for foreign affairs adel al-jubeir said in islamabad that riyadh will try to de-escalate tensions between india and pakistan in the wake of the pulwama attack.
saudi arabia is also a key pillar of india's energy security, being a source of 17 per cent or more of crude oil and 32 per cent of lpg requirements of india.
recently, saudi aramco in partnership with adnoc of uae has agreed to partner in ratnagiri refinery and petro-chemical project ltd which is a joint venture of usd 44 billion.
the indian partners are ioc, bpcl and hpcl.
the crown prince is expected to travel to china from india.
by ptinew delhi: india repatriated six pakistani prisoners through the attari- wagah border today, the ministry of external affairs said in a statement.
in october 2017, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had suggested to the pakistan high commissioner that the two sides could progress on humanitarian issues related to elderly, women, children and mentally unsound prisoners.
then in march this year, india and pakistan had agreed to release and repatriate women prisoners and those who are over 70 years of age, besides resuming visits by the joint judicial committee.
six pakistan prisoners were repatriated today via attari-wagah border.
in addition, four pakistan prisoners have already been released and repatriated in 2018, so far.
india attaches high priority to address all humanitarian issues, including early release and repatriation of indian fishermen and prisoners in pakistan's custody, the mea said.
india has secured the release of 147 indian prisoners, including 146 fishermen, from pakistan this year so far, the statement said.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday promised help to a family in haryana in getting the body of their son, who was stabbed to death in new zealand.
hardeep singh deol, a 24-year-old from rania in sirsa district, was stabbed to death by a drunk girl in a christchurch park in new zealand on christmas evening.
please give me your number.
i will spk (speak) to you on phone.
you need not come to delhi.
my heartfelt condolences, the minister said.
the family had contacted the indian high commission in new zealand as well as tweeted to the external affairs minister, pleading for the government help.
according to the family, deol was on work visa in christchurch after completing a course in hotel management from that country.
according to the information received by the family, the girl was arrested and charged with murder.
new delhi: top leaders of political parties were today briefed by the government about the surgical strike carried out by the army on terror launching pads across the loc to foil plans of terrorists to target some indian towns.
information and broadcasting minister m venkaiah naidu said after the hour-long meeting that all political parties unanimously supported the army action, which was carried at 5-6 important places across loc along kupwara and poonch in jammu and kashmir at an altitude of 6,000 feet and some of these terror launch pads were destroyed.
the home minister explained the all-party meeting about the surgical strike which was carried out by the army to foil attempts by terrorists to carry out attack not only in jammu and kashmir but some other important towns, he told reporters.
the army action came in the aftermath of terror attack in uri on september 18 in which 18 soldiers were killed.
naidu said the terrorists had carried out strike from these launching pads and they had plans to do the same in future too.
government and the army had reports that the terrorists had plans to infiltrate again and create havoc in jammu and kashmir and some other places, he said.
after the successful operation, the army personnel had returned to their respective bases without suffering any casualty, he said adding further details would be available later.
the minister said representatives of congress, ncp, cpi(m), bsp, shiv sena, ljsp and tdp complimented the indian army action and assured the government of their support in any action in future.
those who attended the meeting include ghulam nabi azad (congress), sharad pawar (ncp), sitaram yechury (cpi-m), satish chandra mishra (bsp) and ram vilas paswan (ljsp).
bjp president amit shah, finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, defence minister manohar parrikar besides the home minister and naidu attended the meeting.
naidu said the surgical strike was carried out as pakistan was not mending its ways and testing india's patience.
director general of military operations lieutenant general ranbir singh briefed the all-party meeting.
by ptiunited nations: with polarisation and populism gathering momentum across the world in 2018, india gave a clarion call for bolstering multilateralism, emphasising that pressing issues like terrorism, climate change and migration cannot be tackled in a segmented manner.
un secretary-general antonio guterres warned at the start of the high-level general debate in september that the world was suffering from a bad case of trust deficit disorder, where polarisation is on the rise and cooperation among nations is more difficult.
multilateralism is under fire precisely when we need it most, he said.
nowhere did the multilateralism seem more under threat and populism hit its peak than in the us, resulting in calls for renewed commitment to a rules-based global order.
president donald trump touted american sovereignty in his address to world leaders at the 73rd session of the un general assembly in september, saying the us rejects the ideology of globalism and embraces patriotism and will always choose independence over global governance.
as the winds of polarisation and populism gathered momentum in 2018, india vowed that it will never weaken the multilateral mechanism.
india believes that the world is a family, and the best means of resolution is shared discourse.
a family is shaped by love and is not transactional, nurtured by a consideration, not greed, believes in harmony not jealousy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in her unga address.
greed breeds conflict; consideration leads to resolution.
that is why the united nations must be based on the principles of the family.
the un cannot be run by the 'i', it only works by the 'we', she said.
on the one hand, we want to fight terrorism; on the other, we cannot define it.
this is why terrorists with a price on their head are celebrated, financed and armed as liberation heroes by a country that remains a member of the united nations, she said in her strong remarks.
the biggest challenge of our era comes from the existential threats of climate change and terrorism.
we imagined that the arrival of the 21st century would bring with it an age of common good, defined by cooperation in the quest for peace and prosperity.
on climate action, india stepped up and was seen as a leader at a time when the us withdrew from the 2015 paris climate change agreement.
the international solar alliance (isa), launched jointly by india and france, emerged as a successful example of india's role in strengthening multilateralism to tackle climate change.
the isa and the role it can play in climate action and clean energy positions us in a matrix where we are seen as trying to address the issue and be part of the solution, said india's permanent representative to the un ambassador syed akbaruddin.
it is quite clear that people are seeing india as a willing partner to step up both in action and in a principled basis.
on environment and climate change we are among the leaders in terms of what is the right trajectory of action, he told pti.
he said india stressed that issues such as migration and climate action require multilateral solutions.
we are among those who are fully committed to multilateralism because we feel these issues can only be addressed multilaterally.
you cannot address them in a segmented form, he said.
akbaruddin said 2018 was a difficult year for international organisations because they are generally built on the premise that there will be a greater role for cooperation than competition or differences of opinion.
he said in 2018 the levels of competition and differences were sharper than in previous years.
it has been clear that there was greater competition than cooperation so it was inevitable that it will have an impact on the functioning of the un or other international organisations.
this was reflected during the entire course of the year, he said.
akbaruddin said india believed there should be an architecture that counters terrorism rather than use procedural mechanisms to block it.
while india welcomed the establishment of the united nations office of counterterrorism, it lambasted the lack of progress at the world body for adopting a global convention on international terrorism.
india also continued to stress to move the un security council reform process forward, saying the talk needed to be followed with action to achieve credible progress on the issue.
the 193-members of the un also endorsed a new international agreement to forge a stronger, fairer response to large refugee movements known as the global compact on refugees.
by ptivaranasi: many foreign dignitaries speak a few hindi words to wow crowds in india but mauritian prime minister pravind jugnauth went a step further on tuesday and broke into chaste bhojpuri in his address at the pravasi bharatiya divas, much to the delight of the gathering.
delivering the keynote address as the chief guest at the inauguration of the 15th pravasi bharatiya divas convention in this temple town, jugnauth also announced that mauritius will host a bhagwad gita mahotsav in partnership with the haryana government next month and also for the first time organise a bhojpuri festival next year.
bahut bars pehle, jaun logan hiyan se mauritius jal rahlan, aaj oo logan ki santaan ee pavitra dharti par aal howan, ja humni ki khatir ee apan aap mein aego teerthba (many years ago, those people who had left for mauritius, their children have come to this pure land and for them this land is pilgrimage), the visiting leader said, drawing loud cheers from the crowd.
jugnauth, who also spoke in hindi several times during his address, signed off saying, dono deshon ki gehri mitrita bani rahe (the friendship between the two countries continues).
many of those from india who first arrived in mauritius to work as indentured labourers were those from bihar, speaking bhojpuri.
if india is unique, indianness is universal, jugnauth said in the presence of prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, among others.
the mauritian premier lauded india's soft power and said the recognition of the international day of yoga was a manifestation of it.
jugnauth also hailed prime minister modi's leadership, saying india had transformed under him and taken many initiatives to facilitate the less fortunate to have better access to opportunities.
the world applauds the impressive economic performance of india and the transformation of this country under your leadership modi ji.
your wish for a modern and prosperous india has inspired many initiatives like skill india, digital india, beti bachao beti padhao, smart city, start up, india swachch bharat, ayushman bharat and many others.
these not only speak of your vision of a modern india, your attachment to respect for human dignity and inclusiveness but also your wish to ensure that development benefits all citizens, including the global community, he said, praising modi's development initiatives.
he lauded india for spearheading the setting up of the international solar alliance.
jugnauth said the diaspora connect was very important in the development journey.
he also thanked india for supporting mauritius' development through various assistance projects.
later, jugnauth held talks with modi on the sidelines of the event and the two leaders discussed ways to strengthen bilateral ties.
new delhi: the central government accords the highest priority to promote the well-being, safety and security of indian fishermen, and has strongly conveyed to sri lanka that the use of force cannot be justified under any circumstances, said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the sri lankan side has, however, denied the involvement of their navy in the firing incident.
our high commissioner personally spoke to sri lankan prime minister and navy commander on this matter.
assuring to pursue the matter with the sri lankan government, the minister said that the matter is essentially humanitarian in nature, involving the livelihood and socio-economic practices of indian fishermen community.
she said that several meetings were held in past few months to discuss the issue in a comprehensive manner.
the government, as a result of its consistent efforts, has secured release of 1,045 indian fishermen, in custody of sri lanka in 2014, 375 in 2015, 333 in 2016 and 51 in 2017.
while 85 indian fishermen along with 136 fishing vessels were in custody of sri lanka, i am glad to inform the house that all the fishermen have since been released.
we are also pursuing the release of the fishing boats in sri lankan custody, said informed the house.
by ptinew delhi: india on wednesday termed pakistan prime minister imran khan's reference to kashmir during the ground breaking ceremony of the kartarpur corridor deeply regrettable and said he chose to politicise a pious moment.
the ministry of external affairs said jammu and kashmir was an integral and inalienable part of india.
it is deeply regrettable that the prime minister of pakistan chose to politicise the pious occasion meant to realise the long pending demand of the sikh community to develop a kartarpur corridor by making unwarranted reference to jammu and kashmir which is an integral and inalienable part of india, the ministry said.
also read: imran rakes up kashmir issue at kartarpur, india reacts sharplyit added that pakistan must fulfil its international obligations and take effective and credible action to stop providing shelter and all kinds of support to cross-border terrorism from territories under its control.
she also said the kartarpur corridor initiative -- connecting sikh faith's founder guru nanak dev's final resting place in kartarpur to the dera baba nanak shrine in india's gurdaspur district -- was not linked to the dialogue process with pakistan.
also read: imran khan once again extends olive branch to india, says war not an optionher comments came a day after islamabad said it would invite prime minister narendra modi to the saarc summit.
that invitation has already been given.
but we are not responding to it positively.
the pakistan prime minister laid the foundation of the kartarpur corridor linking two revered gurdwaras on either side of the border at a ceremony attended by india's union ministers harsimrat kaur badal and hardeep singh puri as well as punjab minister navtoj singh sidhu.
i am saying today, that our political leaders, our army, and all other institutions are all on one page.
we wish to move forward, we want a civilised relationship.
we have just one problem, kashmir.
if man can walk on the moon, what problems are there that we cannot resolve?
khan asked while addressing the gathering.
the much-awaited corridor between kartarpur in pakistan and gurdaspur in india will facilitate visa-free movement of indian sikh pilgrims.
kartarpur sahib in pakistan is located across the river ravi, about four kilometres from the dera baba nanak shrine.
it was established in 1522 by guru nanak dev who is believed to have spent 18 years there.
the first gurdwara, gurdwara kartarpur sahib, was built here, where guru nanak is said to have died.
new delhi: iraq foreign minister dr ibrahim al-jaafari, who is on a five-day visit to india, arrived in new delhi on monday.
dr ibrahim will meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the jawaharlal nehru bhawan to hold a discussion on the entire gamut of bilateral relations between both the countries, as well as regional and international issues of mutual interest.
the visit is expected to add further impetus to our mutually beneficial bilateral engagement.
in the afternoon, at around 3 p.
m.
, he will hold a meeting with union minister of petroleum and natural gas dharmendra pradhan at ministry of petroleum and natural gas, shastri bhawan.
later in the day, at around 4:30 p.
m.
he will meet vice president hamid ansari at 6, maulana azad road.
on the second day of his visit, the iraq foreign minister will attend a programme in the national capital and on wednesday, july 26, he will fly to mumbai to attend a programme there.
on the fourth day of his visit, dr ibrahim will come back here to be a part of another programme and on friday july 28, he will emplane to iraq at around 4 a.
m.
he will be accompanied by a senior-level official delegation.
india and iraq have historically enjoyed close and friendly political, economic and cultural ties.
our robust bilateral trade amounted to nearly us$ 13 billion in 2016-17.
iraq contributes significantly to india's energy security and is the second-largest supplier of crude oil to us (over 37 mmt during 2016-17).
thousands of indians visit iraq annually for the pilgrimage to the holy cities of najaf and karbala, ministry of external affairs (mea) said in a statement.
minister of state for external affairs v. k. singh had visited iraq this year to coordinate and facilitate the return of the indians stuck in iraq.
earlier in august 2016, minister of state for external affairs m.j. akbar visited iraq.
bilateral trade till august 2016 between india and iraq was of usd 5077 mn of which india's exports accounted for usd 425 mn and imports for 4652 mn.
indian exports to iraq consist of cereals, iron and steel, meat and meat products, pharmaceutical products, agro chemicals, cosmetics, rubber manufactured products, paints, gems and jewellery, ceramics, manufactures of metals, machine tools, electrical machinery and instruments, transport equipment, electronic goods, handicrafts, sugar, tea, garments.
new delhi: ahead of its ambassador's meeting with authorities in norway involving the custody of a child of a indo-norwegian family, india today made it clear that it wants the five-and-a-half year old boy united with his natural parents.
i refuse to accept that foster parents can take better care of the child than the natural parents.
we want restoration of aryan to his natural parents.
/4  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) december 27, 2016the foster parents are totally ignorant of the indian culture and our food habits.
/3  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) december 27, 2016the foster parents are totally ignorant of the indian culture and our food habits.
we want restoration of aryan to his natural parents.
indian national gurvinderjit kaur and her husband, who is a norwegian national, have alleged that authorities in that country have taken away their son, also a norwegian national, on a frivolous complaint of abuse.
kaur had also written to the ministry seeking help in getting back her son, who has been taken away by the norway child welfare services.
this is the third case since 2011 when children have been taken away from their indian-origin parents by the authorities in norway on the grounds of abuse.
in 2011, a three-year-old and a one-year-old were separated from their parents, prompting the then upa government to take up the issue with norway.
the norwegian court later allowed the children to be reunited with their parents.
in december 2012, an indian couple was jailed on charges of ill treatment of their children, 7 and 2 years.
later, they were sent to their grandparents in hyderabad.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday gave an ultimatum to indian workers stranded in saudi arabia to choose between re-employment in the kingdom or returning to india before september 25.
the minister said that after the date, the workers would have to bear the costs of their lodging and flight home.
indian workers who have lost their jobs should file their claims and return by september 25.
we will bring them back free of charge those who do not return by september 25 will have to make their own arrangements for boarding, lodging and return journey, swaraj tweeted on tuesday.
minister of state for external affairs gen v k singh had visited saudi arabia twice to convince the workers to come back after filing claims, rather than waiting indefinitely.
when the saudi government settles with the companies, the workers claims will also be settled, swaraj added.
according to estimates, 3,712 indian workers in riyadh have not received their salaries for months.
besides this, 2,450 labourers of saudi oger company have not been provided with meals since july 25.
the non-oil sector of saudi arabia has slipped into recession for the first time since the 1980s along with plummeting oil prices.
this has come as a challenge to the saudi government seeking to revamp the countrys rentier economy by making it less dependent on oil exports.
initial reports had suggested that only 800 indian workers were starving for the last three days in the saudi city of jeddah.
however, an assessment of the situation threw up startling figures of over 10,000 workers without any food supplies.
by ptiindore: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tuesday said india had two days ago sought diplomatic access to former navy officer kulbhushan jadhav who is currently in a pakistani jail after being convicted there for spying.
the minister added that jadhav's case is listed for hearing in february in the international court of justice.
jadhav was sentenced to death by a pakistani military court on spying charges in april 2017.
india moved the icj in may the same year against the verdict.
the world court halted jadhav's execution, on india's appeal, pending the final verdict by it.
we have secured a stay on jadhav's execution from the international court of justice (icj).
while pakistan has claimed its security forces arrested jadhav from its balochistan province in march 2016 after he reportedly entered the country from iran, india has said jadhav was kidnapped from iran where he had business interests after retiring from the navy.
speaking on the deportation of christian michel, an alleged middleman in the agustawestland chopper deal, swaraj called it a big success on the part of the centre.
by uninew delhi: external affairs minister and senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj has contributed rs 1,000 to the 'narendra modi app' and urged the party workers, supporters and well-wishers to make use of the avenue in order to encourage transparency in politics.
i have donated rs 1000.
i will urge all part workers, supporters and well wishers that in order to ensure transparency in public life, this method can be adopted, ms swaraj tweeted on monday.
in another missive in the microblogging site, she wrote, there is need for transparency in public life.
realising the importance of this, one can deposit small amount from rs 50 to rs 1000 to the narendra modi app.
any payment made above rs 1000 is not accepted.
prime minister narendra modi's official app last month introduced the concept of 'micro donations' as part of efforts to widen the bjp outreach.
the bjp website also allows donations.
under new rules, political parties will have to disclose the identity of the donor for any donations above rs 2,000, down from the earlier threshold of rs 20,000.
thiruvananthapuram: like millions from the state, arun sudhakaran, a cameraman from kadakkal in kollam district flew to saudi arabia with dreams of a good life in sight.
17 months on he is stranded with no work and no salary and his passport in the custody of the employer.
arun sudhakarandesperate to get out of the trap and get back home he has put out a twitter message seeking the help of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
though a recent law enacted in saudi arabia insists that employers or sponsors should not confiscate passport of employees, arun is yet to enjoy that freedom.
arun who was working as a freelance cameraman in thiruvananthapuram was promised the job of a cameraman in a production company in riyadh and salary of 2500 riyals.
on arrival he discovered to his shock that his visa is that of a house driver with a salary of 1500 riyals.
this salary too is not regular.
i am paid one months salary every two or three months.
seven months salary is still pending.
when i asked for my passport he refused to give it and is not paying the dues either.
arun told express over phone and voice messages.
he has been putting out messages seeking help to get his salary and return home and is lamenting he is being driven to suicide.
embassy officials in riyadh has sought information but arun is not optimistic, seeing the plight of similar employees who are stranded.
intervention at the highest level alone can save me.
i am confined to my room, there is no work now and may starve to death, he told express.
the agent who sent him to riyadh accepted that he had taken rs 25,000 in return.
i had warned him that salary could be irregular but he was desperate to go.
as soon as i heard that he is facing problems i returned the money to his mother, the agent binu told express.
bhubaneswar: union minister of state for petroleum and natural gas dharmendra pradhan on monday requested union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for opening seven more post office passport sewa kendras (popsks) in odisha.
justifying the need to open more popsks and passport sewa kendras (psks), pradhan said there has been increasing demand from various segments of people for issue of passport and the existing facilities are inadequate to meet the demand.
in a letter to swaraj, pradhan requested to issue necessary instructions for starting popsks/psks at angul, berhampur, balasore, kendrapada, balangir, jajpur and bhawanipatna.
there is a demand for issue of passport from various segments including large number of skilled/semi-skilled workforce, students/research scholars, business communities and tourists.
growing need is felt to open additional popsks/psks to facilitate the expeditious issue of passport, pradhan said.
opening of the centre at the proposed locations will greatly enhance the access to passport services for people residing in these towns and adjoining areas, the letter stated.
the union petroleum and natural gas minister thanked swaraj for according sanction for opening three popsks at rourkela, sambalpur and koraput.
while the popsks at rourkela and sambalpur have started functioning, the third centre at koraput is in the pipeline.
by ptiwashington: the us on wednesday firmly asked pakistan to take meaningful action against terrorist groups operating on its soil after india's counter-terrorism action against it and asked the two neighbours to exercise restraint and avoid escalation at any cost.
us secretary of state mike pompeo in a phone call with pakistan foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi also called for avoiding military action.
in a separate call with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, pompeo emphasised the close security partnership between the us and india and shared goal of maintaining peace and security in the region.
his statement came amid growing tensions between the two countries after 40 central reserve police force (crpf) personnel were killed in a suicide attack by pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammed (jem) in jammu and kashmir's pulwama district on february 14, sparking outrage in the country.
live updates: let's settle this with talks, imran khan tells indiafollowing the incident, india on tuesday bombed and destroyed jem's biggest training camp in balakot in pakistan's restive khyber pakhtunkhwa province, about 80-km from the line of control (loc), killing a very large number of terrorists, trainers and senior commanders.
pompeo is currently in vietnam to attend the second summit between president donald trump and the north korean leader kim jong-un on the denuclearsation of the korean peninsula.
following indian counter-terrorism actions on february 26, i spoke with indian minister of external affairs swaraj to emphasize our close security partnership and shared goal of maintaining peace and security in the region, pompeo said in a statement.
i also spoke to pakistani foreign minister qureshi to underscore the priority of de-escalating current tensions by avoiding military action, and the urgency of pakistan taking meaningful action against terrorist groups operating on its soil, pompeo said.
watch | what pakistan claims happened at balakoti expressed to both ministers that we encourage india and pakistan to exercise restraint, and avoid escalation at any cost.
i also encouraged both ministers to prioritise direct communication and avoid further military activity, said the secretary of state.
last week, us national security adviser john bolton told his indian counterpart ajit doval that america supports india's right to self-defence as both sides vowed to work together to ensure that pakistan ceases to be a safe heaven for jem and other terror groups.
by ptimumbai: tv actor karanvir bohra, who was stuck at moscow international airport, has thanked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for helping him get a temporary passport and a visa for russia.
bohra on wednesday took to social media to share that he was detained at the airport due to passport issues and asked the indian embassy in russia to intervene.
i have no words to thank the @indembmoscow 4 helping me get a brand new temporary passport and a visa.
celebrity or no celebrity, i know one thing for sure, we indians are in very safe hands when we travel abroad.
.
.
thanks to @sushmaswaraj and the #indianembassy for their help  karanvir bohra (@kvbohra) january 30, 2019i have no words to thank the @indembmoscow 4 helping me get a brand new temporary passport and a visa.
celebrity or no celebrity, i know one thing for sure, we indians are in very safe hands when we travel abroad.
thanks to @sushmaswaraj and the #indianembassy for their help (sic), he wrote on thursday.
bohra is in moscow for maccoffee bollywood film festival.
the actor was last seen in the reality tv show 'bigg boss 12'.
new delhi: the lassitude of saarc has been booster for another regional grouping bimstec, that has finally taken off after two decades.
exhausted for failing to make any significant progress through saarc, the ministry of external affairs (mea) has moved to even merge the divisions looking after saarc and bimstec.
earlier this month, two meetings of officials took place  one under the auspices of south asian association for regional cooperation (saarc) and another under bay of bengal initiative for multi-sectoral technical and economic cooperation (bimstec) in kathmandu.
the programming committee of saarc has met to decide on the agenda, but no dates could be finalized for the saarc summit.
but bimstec was marked with positivity.
the government expects that regional cooperation would advance under both bimstec and bbin.
we hope that these examples would also impact positively, on saarc and encourage an atmosphere free of terror and violence that is conducive for regional cooperation, minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj told the lok sabha in a written reply recently.
india has sought cessation of state-sponsored terrorism before saarc summit can be held.
but bimstec (bangladesh, myanmar, india, nepal, sri lanka, bhutan and thailand as members) have made great progress in connectivity and trade in the region.
the work has been overlapping.
many member countries of saarc are also part of bimstec, so it makes sense to have one division for both, mea sources told the express.
earlier joint secretary soumen bagchi has been heading the bimstec division that has now moved under joint secretary prashant aggarwal heading the saarc division.
but the diplomats do not want to write off saarc completely.
every grouping has a takeoff time and it is invigorating to see how decisions are made and executed in bimstec.
but that does not mean saarc is not necessary, mea officials added.
according to officials bimstec is evolving into a model of cooperation with all members taking lead in implementing the decisions taken.
panaji: india is expected to continue with its diplomatic offensive against pakistan on the issue of terrorism originating from there when it plays host to russian president vladimir putin and his chinese counterpart xi jinping and leaders of brazil and south africa at the summit of five-nation brics grouping here on sunday.
even preceding the brics summit, prime minister narendra modi is likely to raise these issues with putin and xi on saturday when a series of bilateral meetings are slated at the seaside venue.
with the summits taking place within weeks of uri terror strike by pak-based terrorists, india will be forceful in its demand at brics summit, which will also have a bimstec outreach meet, for intensified efforts to tackle terrorism including action against countries providing safe havens to terrorists and arming them.
india has made strong references both at unga as well as g-20 regarding pakistan's continued support to cross-border terrorism.
apart from the heads of governments of brics to attend the summit on october 16, prime ministers of bhutan, bangladesh, nepal, sri lanka, thailand and myanmar (state counsellor) will be here to participate in the brics-bimstec outreach meet.
new delhi will also make all out efforts to revive bay of bengal initiative for multi-sectoral technical and economic cooperation (bimstec) when prime ministers of bhutan, bangladesh, nepal, sri lanka, thailand and myanmar (state counsellor) attend the brics-bimstec outreach meet.
this also assumes significance given the collapse of recent saarc summit after four countries apart from india pulled out of the meet to be hosted by pakistan over the issue of cross-border terrorism, maintaining that environment was not conducive to hold such an event.
indian officials have made it clear that india's effort would be to have strong language in the brics outcome document on terrorism including how to deal with countries that provide sanctuaries, safe havens and finances.
by ptiamritsar: union ministers harsimrat kaur badal and hardeep singh puri wednesday crossed over to pakistan through attari-wagah border to attend the foundation stone laying ceremony of kartarpur corridor.
prime minister of pakistan imran khan will lay the foundation stone for the kartarpur corridor while pakistan army chief general qamar bajwa will also attend the groundbreaking ceremony.
pakistan had earlier invited external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for the ceremony.
talking to reporters at attari in amritsar, badal said it was an emotional moment for her to visit the historic kartarpur sahib gurdwara in pakistan.
participating in the #kartarpurcorridor foundation stone laying ceremony in #?
pakistan at the sacred abode of guru nanak dev ji is indeed an emotional moment for me.
i thank guru sahib for bestowing me with this great opportunity and seek his blessings.
pic.
twitter.com/6ghmnsxtnh  harsimrat kaur badal (@harsimratbadal_) november 28, 2018puri said he was privileged and blessed to get an opportunity to pay obeisance at the shrine.
pakistan had also invited punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh and his cabinet colleague navjot singh sidhu.
while singh declined to attend the event, citing continued terrorist attacks in his state and killings of indian soldiers by pakistan's armed forces, sidhu left for pakistan on tuesday.
congress mp from amritsar gurjeet singh aujla and shiromani gurdwara parbandhak committee (sgpc) chief gobind singh longowal have already reached pakistan for the ceremony.
the foundation stone for the kartarpur corridor was laid at dera baba nanak in punjab's gurdaspur district by vice president m venkaiah naidu and singh on monday.
the corridor will facilitate easy passage for sikh pilgrims to the historic gurdwara darbar sahib kartarpur in pakistan.
the decision to build passage from dera baba nanak in gurdaspur district to the international border was taken by the union cabinet on november 22.
it has been a long-pending demand of the sikh community.
kartarpur is located in shakargarh in narowal district of pakistan's punjab.
guru nanak dev, the founder of sikhism, had spent more than 18 years of his life there.
the kartarpur sahib gurdwara is located on the banks of the ravi river, about three-four kilometres from the border in pakistan.
islamabad: pakistan's top military generals today decided not to make any compromise on the death sentence given to indian national kulbushan jadhav on spying charges, notwithstanding india's stern warning that his hanging will have serious consequences on the bilateral ties.
the decision was made at a corps commanders' conference presided over by army chief general qamar bajwa at the general headquarters in rawalpindi, the military's media wing inter- services public relations (ispr) said in a statement.
also read: the spy who disappearedthe generals were briefed about jadhav and it was concluded that no compromise shall be made on such anti-state acts, the statement said.
the corps commanders' conference is a key high-level forum in which all corps commanders and principal staff officers take part.
its decisions are announced through brief statements but they are considered very important.
the death sentence to jadhav, 46, was confirmed by army chief gen bajwa after the field general court martial found him guilty of espionage and sabotage activities in pakistan.
pakistan claims its security forces had arrested jadhav from the restive balochistan province on march 3 last year after he reportedly entered from iran.
it also claimed that he was a serving officer in the indian navy.
the pakistan army had also released a confessional video of jadhav after his arrest.
india had acknowledged that jadhav had served with the navy but denied that he has any connection with the government.
the incident is expected to further deteriorate already strained indo-pak ties which were hit after deadly attacks in pathankot and uri by pakistan-based terrorists last year.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had warned that jadhav's execution will be taken by india as a pre-meditated murder and pakistan should consider its consequences on bilateral relations, if it proceeds on this matter.
the top pakistani military officials also reviewed the national security environment and recent developments in the region at the 201st conference of corps commanders.
they discussed the progress of nationwide operation 'radd-ul-fasaad' and provision of support to ongoing national housing and population census, the statement said.
gen bajwa lauded the efforts of intelligence agencies and other law enforcers towards the successful execution of counter-terrorism operations across the country, it added.
new delhi: india and the us on wednesday joined hands to ask china to abide by international laws to resolve the issue in the south china sea, where both countries have strategic and commercial interests.
india, so far, has refrained from directly commenting on the south china sea, but the disputed maritime zone found its way to the india-us joint statement issued after the 2nd strategic and commercial dialogue between the two countries that was co-chaired by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and us secretary of state john kerry.
in the context of recent developments, the sides (india and us) stressed the importance of maintaining freedom of navigation, freedom of over flight, and unimpeded lawful commerce throughout the region, including in the south china sea.
they urged the utmost respect for international law, as reflected in the un convention on the law of the sea (unclos), the two countries said in the joint statement.
china had termed the judgment of the international court of justice, which upheld philippines claims of sovereignty, as a farce and has even threatened to declare the airspace above the south china sea as air defence identification zone.
in what could further add to chinas chagrin, the visiting us secretary of state cited indias example while exhorting beijing to resolve its issues peacefully.
indias decision to accept an international tribunal judgment regarding its maritime border with bangladesh actually stands apart.
this is the model to help potentially dangerous disputes in different danger spots.
.
.
these can be resolved peacefully, including the south china sea (dispute), kerry said following interaction with iit delhi students.
the united states continues to call on china and the philippines to abide by the tribunals recent decision which is final and legally binding on both parties, kerry added as both sides reaffirmed to work together as priority partners in the asia pacific and the indian ocean region (ior).
kerry also indicated that both the countries will redouble their efforts to secure indias entry to the global body nuclear suppliers that seek to control nuclear proliferation by regulating the supply of nuclear material, equipment and so on.
indias entry bid was scuttled by china that cited technical reasons for the denial.
speaking on terrorism in the subcontinent, kerry said pakistan could do a lot more to maintain peace in the region.
it is clear that pakistan has work to do in order to push harder against its indigenous groups that are engaged in terrorist activities.
they must work with us to help clear sanctuary of bad actors who are affecting not only india- pakistan relationship but also our ability to achieve peace and stability in afghanistan, he said.
by unigwalior/bhind: in madhya pradesh, the bjp government under chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, once underestimated but who is the helm of affairs since 2005, faces criticism for not delivering on its promises of employment and development.
well, this happens with any government in power for so long.
but what is turning much of a tougher challenge for 'mama', as the chief minister is adorably called by his admirers, is the regular dose of 'rebellion' surfacing in the saffron camp.
once known as a disciplined party, the dissidents are showing that career seekers in the saffron party are also like any 'run-of-the-mill' regular stuff given to temptation and weakness of personal ambitions and all that pull to push one's family interests.
the list of rebels and prospective rebels are quite a few and these can combine together to harm bjp's prospects across the state.
narendra kushwah, the sitting bjp mla from bhind, had won the 2013 polls defeating bsp nominee sanjeev singh by a margin of 5993 votes.
but he has been denied ticket as amit shah and others decided to bank on chaudhary rakesh singh chuturvedi.
anguished mr khushwaha joined samajwadi party and also filed nomination.
there have been other rebellion stories in bjp camp.
but the most legends of fables is the rebellion associated with 88-year-old babulal gaur, a former chief minister who preceded shivraj singh chouhan and had succeeded uma bharati.
an mla since 1974, a former bhel worker gaur kept on nurturing ambitions for govindpura seat in bhopal and the saffron party, despite a 'clear no' from shivraj singh chouhan, had to give in and accommodate his daughter-in-law krishna gaur.
having managed the ticket for his 'bahu', babulal gaur now certainly feels he has won a minor but crucial battle against chief ministser mr chouhan, who had replaced him in november 2005.
krishna gaur is deserving and she got the ticket because of narendra modi ji, mr gaur has said.
the development has irked many other aspirants for the seat including bhopal mayor alok sharma.
the stories of rebellion are heard in gwalior and also other seats around this region.
berasia sc reserved assembly segment is about six hours drive from gwalior.
bjp has reposed faith in vishnu khatri for the seat, but there are reports about local foot soldiers not happy with mr khatri, who won in 2013, defeating congress nominee mahesh ratnakar.
among others, kamlapat arya, a dalit bjp leader from chambal and another leader from katni area padma shukla also quit bjp and joined the congress.
in the run-up to the november 28 crucial polls, of all the people shivraj singh chouhan's brother-in-law sanjay sharma masani, the sitting tendukheda constituency also quit bjp and joined the congress.
this was doubly embarrassing for the chief minister as he had also started talking ill of the shivraj singh chouhan regime.
thus, it was not without good reason that congress leaders-run newspaper 'national herald' wrote rather acidly: masani's switch is of psychological and sentimental importance to the congress poll campaign.
in yet another significant development, jitendra daga, once a close confidant of external affairs minister and vidisha mp sushmaswaraj swaraj, was also denied ticket.
mr daga will be now an independent candidate from huzur.
another prominent leader brahmananad also has rebelled and filed nomination as independent candidate from berasia.
former agriculture minister ramkrishna kusmaria also quit bjp and filed papers from patharia seat, where the saffron party has reposed faith on the sitting legislator lakhan patel.
there are reports of rebellion in indore district also.
colombo: india and sri lanka on saturday agreed to set up a joint working group (jwg) on the vexed fishermens issue and stipulated that the jwg will meet every three months and the ministers of fisheries will meet every six months, according to a joint communiqu issued by the foreign ministries of the two countries.
the indian and sri lankan delegations in the jwg would include representatives from the ministries of foreign affairs, the coast guards and navies of the two countries.
the first ministerial meeting would be held on january 2, 2017 in colombo.
the fishermens associations of the two countries to meet every six months to take further their dialogue from the meeting held on november 2, 2016 in new delhi.
these decisions were taken at a meeting of indian and sri lankan foreign and fisheries ministers in new delhi on saturday.
among those who attended saturdays ministerial meeting were: indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and minister of agriculture & farmers welfare radha mohan singh, sri lankan minister for foreign affairs mangala samaraweera, the sri lankan minister for fisheries and aquatic resources development mahinda amaraweera, indian minister of state for road transport, highways & shipping pon radhakrishnan and the sri lankan member of parliament m.a. sumanthiran.
the issue touches the tamil fishermen of north sri lanka.
sumanthiran, who belongs to the tamil national alliance (tna), has been seeking a ban on bottom trawling in both sri lanka and india.
this is the first time, a tamil mp has been included in a sri lankan official delegation discussing the fishing issue with india.
terms of reference for jwgthe terms of reference for the joint working group on fisheries would include (i) expediting the transition towards ending the practice of bottom trawling at the earliest, (ii) working out the modalities for the standard operating procedures (sops) for handing over of apprehended fishermen, and (iii) ascertaining possibilities for cooperation on patrolling.
the issue of the release of detained fishing vessels will be discussed at the first jwg meeting.
both governments agreed on setting up a hotline between the two coast guards.
there was support for expediting the provision of communication tracking sets to the fishermen.
they also agreed to the request by the fishermen associations that there should be no violence and no loss of life in the handling of fishermen by the navies and coast guards of the two countries.
the ministers noted that the process is underway for the release of fishermen presently in custody on either side.
kent: a sikh man said a gunman approached him as he worked on his car in his suburban seattle driveway and told him to go back to your own country before shooting him in the arm, authorities say.
police in the city of kent are searching for the shooter and have contacted the fbi and other law enforcement agencies.
it comes after an indian man was killed and another wounded in a recent shooting at a kansas bar that federal agencies are investigating as a hate crime after witnesses say the suspect yelled: get out of my country.
with recent unrest and concern throughout the nation, this can get people emotionally involved, especially when (the crime) is directed at a person for how they live, how they look, kent police cmdr.
jarod kasner told the news tribune of tacoma.
india's foreign minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, identified the victim on twitter early sunday, saying, i am sorry to know about the attack on deep rai, a u.s. national of indian origin.
she said she had spoken to rai's father, who told her rai is out of danger and recovering in a hospital.
rai told police that a man he didn't know came up to him friday night and they got into an argument, with the suspect telling rai to go back to his homeland.
he described the shooter as 6 feet tall and white with a stocky build, police said.
he said the man was wearing a mask covering the lower half of his face.
sikhs have previously been the target of assaults in the u.s. after the sept.
11, 2001, attacks, the backlash that hit muslims around the country expanded to include those of the sikh faith.
male observant sikhs often cover their heads with turbans, which are considered sacred, and refrain from shaving their beards.
the faith comes from south asia's punjab region.
in 2012, a man shot and killed six sikh worshippers and wounded four others at a sikh temple near milwaukee before killing himself.
the sikh coalition, a national civil rights group, asked local and federal authorities to investigate the shooting in suburban seattle as a hate crime.
we're early on in our investigation, kent police chief ken thomas told the seattle times on saturday.
we are treating this as a very serious incident.
hira singh, a sikh community leader in kent, said sunday that the news was a shock to him.
this kind of incident shakes up the whole community, he said.
he said there have been increasing complaints recently from sikh community members who say they have been the target of foul language or other comments.
about 50,000 sikhs live in washington state, with most in the puget sound region, he said.
it was disheartening to see it happening here in my community, satwinder kaur said.
kent is a very diverse community.
we haven't seen a hate crime happening at this level.
kaur said she had arranged for kent's police chief to talk to the community saturday about their concerns on immigration and the role of local police officers.
after the shooting, the meeting turned into a question-and-answer session about the crime, she said.
when someone says 'get out of my country,' it's a hate crime, there's no question, kaur said.
the community has been shaken up.
new delhi: minister of state for external affairs general v k singh is set to leave for saudi arabia on tuesday as over 10,000 indian labourers face economic uncertainty following financial slowdown in the gulf kingdom.
as the prospects of food crisis looms large, plans are afoot to airlift these labourers home.
the government is also in talks with the foreign and labour offices in saudi arabia to facilitate an early evacuation.
the labourers have been left in lurch with the employers fleeing the country after shutting down factories and without providing no objection certificate which is necessary for getting an exit visa.
swaraj informed parliament that the government has requested the saudi government to give them exit visas as employers had left the country and also urged it to first clear the dues of workers, who have not been paid for months, whenever they settle the accounts with the companies.
the indian consulate in jeddah, with support from the indian diaspora, has distributed food to the labourers in distress and the rations is suffice for next 8-10 days.
in all, 3,712 indian workers in riyadh have not received their salaries for months.
and 2,450 labourers of saudi oger company have not been provided with meals since july 25.
these labourers have been accommodated in five camps run by the consular general of india.
thiruvananthapuram: the presence of bjp top-brass, including prime minister narendra modi, in the state for two days from saturday has come as a ray of hope for the kin of p praveen - the keralite sailor lodged in kenyan jail since two years.
for, they feel a favourable communication from indian government to kenya could sort out the issue and aid in his return.
praveen of pathanapuram in kollam, a trainee sailor with an iranian merchant vessel, was taken into custody along with another indian sailor and seven pakistan crew members by kenyan security forces over suspicions of drug-trafficking.
though the matter was taken up by the union government and indian embassy in kenya, praveen is still lodged in kenyan prison.
praveens father prabhakaran nair said he had been knocking every door for his sons rescue.
he pointed out that though the case was pending before a kenyan court, the proceedings were getting delayed due to the absence of a regular translator.
my son has been incarcerated in kenya for two years and two months.
if the indian government sends a communication to kenyan authorities via the indian embassy that he is just a trainee sailor, they may release him, he said, hopefully.
nair had earlier approached bjp state president kummanam rajasekharan,, who raised the issue with union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
meanwhile, kenya-based malayala samajam has decided to take up the matter with sushmaswaraj swaraj in person when she comes to kozhikkode.
we met the indian high commission and discussed the matter with the advocate.
the issue is currently pending before the kenyan court and witness hearing is yet to be completed.
we have been actively taking up the matter and would now meet union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj when she is in kozhikode, kn manikandan of malayala samajam told express.
the heads of african mission accredited to india had convened a special meeting to look into the recent attacks against african students, in greater noida.
| picture courtesy: aninew delhi: the african countries have condemned the inadequate action by the government of india in taking deterring measures against perpetrators of xenophobic and racial attacks against african students in greater noida and threatened to seek an independent probe by un human rights council (unhrc).
the strongly worded unanimous statement from the heads of the african missions has come as diplomatic slap for india that has been trying to do some face-saving by refusing to categorise the attacks as racially-motivated and instead termed it criminal acts.
the heads of african mission accredited to india had convened a special meeting to look into the recent attacks against african students, in greater noida.
taking into account the previous spate of incidents, the diplomats concluded that no known, sufficient, and visible deterring measures were taken by the government of india.
while external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had condemned the attack and assured of action against the perpetrators, there has been a political silence from the government of uttar pradesh  something that the diplomats said was expected.
in a press statement issued by the office of dean of the african group head of missions on march 31 they condemned the incident in greater noida where four nigerian students were beaten up.
the meeting unanimously agreed that those accumulated attacks against africans are xenophobic and racial in nature, the statement said.
talking about their future course of action, the diplomats agreed to call for an independent investigation by the human rights council as well as other human rights bodies and also to comprehensively report the matter to the african union commission.
while india has been looking towards strengthening its economic ties with the african countries, slew of violent incidents against africans in india, reeking of racism, has been proven to be a big impediment for it.
hyderabad: passport of mohammadi begum, the hyderabadi woman who is held captive in pakistan, will be renewed as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj instructed indian high commission to facilitate the return of the woman to india.
meanwhile, indian high commission officials met mohammadi begum.
a diplomatic communication was sent requesting safety and security of the woman.
mohammadi begums father mohammad akbar, who stays in bandlaguda, has written to ministry of external affairs in january and february requesting his daughter to be brought back to india.
in a letter, he stated that his daughter mohammadi begum was married to mahammed younus who claimed he was an omani national but turned out to be a pakistani.
younus cheated the family and got married to mohammadi begum while he was working in muscat in oman.
on monday, akbars wife hajira begum spoke to mohammadi begum over phone.
speaking to mediapersons, hajira begum said that her daughter is being ill-treated by younus and his family members.
on monday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted, i received a youtube message from shri mohammad akbar that his daughter mohammadi begum, an indian national was married in pakistan.
followed by another tweet, and was being ill-treated by her inlaws.
our mission sent a note verbale requesting the safety, security and well-being of mohammadi begum.
new delhi: in the wake of fresh attacks on hindus in bangladesh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has directed the indian high commissioner in dhaka to convey to prime minister sheikh hasina india's grave concern over safety and security of the community in that country.
i have asked indian high commissioner in dhaka to call on the prime minister and express our grave concern about the safety and wellbeing of the hindus in bangladesh, swaraj tweeted today.
in fresh attacks on hindus in bangladesh, unidentified miscreants set ablaze houses of some of them and damaged two temples in central brahmanbarhia district where several places of worship of the minority community were vandalised a few days ago.
miscreants set fire at least six hindu houses in a predawn attack yesterday in central brahmanbarhia district's nasirnagar, the place where at least 15 temples and more than 20 houses were vandalised after a facebook post deemed offensive to islam sparked outrage in the country.
police in overnight drives detained 33 persons for their alleged involvement in the synchronised attacks on hindus in brahmanbaria on october 30.
earlier also, india had taken up with bangladesh the issue of safety and security of the minorities.
bangladesh's national human rights commission (nhrc) had said the attacks on several hindu temples in bangladesh were carried out under a well orchestrated plan aimed at grabbing lands of the minority community.
new delhi: all india majlis-e-ittehad-ul muslimeen (aimim) chief asaduddin owaisi on tuesday urged the centre to use its influence to rescue former indian naval officer and alleged spy kulbhushan jadhav.
the governments first priority should be to save kulbhuashan jadhavs life.
they should use all of their power and influence to rescue him.
hope they will make all of their efforts to bring him back, owaisi told ani.
describing the order passed by pakistans military court as pre-meditated murder, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has issued a stern warning, saying that islamabad should be wary of taking such an extreme step as it could result in damaging bilateral relations between the already hostile neighbors.
it is an indefensible verdict against an innocent indian citizen.
we have no option but to deem the sentence a premeditated murder.
our position is very clear, there is no evidence of wrongdoing by kulbhushan jadhav.
a strong sense of solidarity expressed by the house will give them more courage at this time.
parliament has witnessed uproarious scenes over pakistan's decision to sentence jadhav to death.
union home minister rajnath singh has assured the lok sabha that the centre will do everything possible to save jadhav.
jadhav was arrested in march last year, for his (alleged) involvement in espionage and sabotage activities against pakistan, according to a statement released by the pakistan armed forces.
the statement said jadhav confessed that he was tasked by the research and analysis wing (raw), to plan, coordinate and organise espionage and sabotage activities aimed at destabilising and waging war against pakistan.
a military court found jadhav guilty on two counts of espionage and sentenced him to death.
by iansnew delhi: modi is the kind of man who wants to do everything himself and who is obsessed with creating history everyday.
if he can become the first indian prime minister to visit timbuktu he would do so whether it is necessary and impactful or not, says former union minister yashwant sinha.
there is one thing he has done which no prime minister has done before -- he has taken most of the existing government programmes and renamed them, so that the credit and glory accumulate to him, observes the former bjp leader in his book india unmade: how modi government broke the economy, a devastating essay on modi and his government in the last four and a half years.
sinha, who has been critical of the bjp-led government, has dedicated the book, published by juggernaut books, to all those who are not afraid to pursue the truth.
in the chapter hail caesar!
modi's style of functioning, the 81-year-old bureaucrat turned politician who was minister of finance and external affairs in the vajpayee government says modi has centralised all decision-making powers in the government of india in himself, assisted by a few chosen officers in his pmo.
however, he is known to be more interested in powerpoint presentations than in reading voluminous files.
this is a pity.
it means that he does not grasp the nuances that are stored in institutional memory.
perhaps it suits a man whose intellectual training lacks rigour at best (indeed, no one has seen his higher education degree in 'entire political science'), sinha says in the book co-authored with journalist aditya sinha.
he says the government of india administration is driven by three centres: one, the prime minister and his pmo; the finance minister and his ministry; and three, the planning commission.
a politician used to head the planning commission earlier, but now it has been silenced and replaced by the niti aayog, where modi has placed people who have zero influence on governance, sinha says adding that leaves only two drivers of government.
the veteran politician, who had quit the ias to join politics, observes that everyone knows how the finance minister's influence in government has declined to almost zero and he is unable to push things even in his own ministry.
after all, why his finance secretary hasmukh adhia was involved in the infamous demonetisation exercise, the finance minister himself was in the dark.
the finance secretary's proximity to the prime minister goes back to their days together in gujarat.
everyone familiar with the functioning of the finance ministry is aware that independent political leadership of that ministry is absolutely essential to get things moving in the government.
modi, he says, is unfortunately a man who is impatient with institutions.
his faith in himself blinds him to the fact that he is not a king, that he is only the head of a parliamentary party with a majority that enabled it to form a government, and which is prescribed with limits by the constitution that has inbuilt checks and balances.
sinha says the cabinet is collectively responsible to parliament.
but as an institution it has been turned into a rubber stamp for the prime minister's decisions.
it is said that most cabinet ministers are not allowed to speak unless an item of their ministry is up for a decision.
modi stands on a different plane from the ministers, and he has no time for them, because they don't matter.
only he does, and he will rule through bureaucrats -- this appears to be his mantra, says sinha.
the november 2016 demonetisation of high-value currency, for instance, was revealed to the cabinet only minutes before it was announced to the nation -- at no stage was it discussed with the collective political brains trust of the government.
he feels perhaps a wider discussion would have made it more effective in achieving any of the goals that modi set for it again and again during that surreal winter.
sinha refers to another big decision which took the concerned minister by surprise was the bjp's withdrawal of support to the pdp government in june this year with whom it was in a coalition government in jammu and kashmir.
the home minister, who historically has been so important that he (l.
k. advani) has also been deputy prime minister, had just days earlier visited jammu and kashmir energetically with a peace initiative in mind.
as soon as he heard the decision -- like everyone else, as it was breaking -- he scampered off home, unwilling to face his bureaucrats or the media.
sinha also refers to the most cavalier treatment of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who was the leader of the opposition in the lok sabha.
she is trolled by lunatics on social media, and modi goes on to congratulate some of those trolls for their activity on the internet on his behalf.
she is not only kept out of important policy decisions, she does not even travel abroad with her prime minister.
this, he says, was in stark contrast to vajpayee, who invited sinha as foreign minister to accompany him on every foreign trip.
he also observes that modi did not take the defence minister into confidence while deciding on buying 36 rafale fighter planes from france.
vajpayee would never have done such a thing.
but then it is my mistake to compare modi to vajpayee.
writing about the campaign carried out by him along with former minister arun shourie and activist-lawyer prashant bhushan on the rafale deal, sinha says, despite anil ambani sending a 'cease and desist' notice to all and sundry on this clear case of undue favouritism, the nation awaits modi's response.
thiruvananthapuram: baloch international womens forum leader naela quadri baloch, who is in india as part of the efforts to reach out to the masses to mobilise support for forming a baloch government in exile is set to address a public meeting in thalassery on december 28.
she will speak at a meeting to be organised under the aegis of brennen vibrant, an organisation of the old abvp activists of brennen college, thalassery.
v manivarnan, an office-bearer of brennan vibrant and hindu aikyavedi district general secretary, told express that quadri would be speaking on the topic, freedom from oppressors, china and pakistan.
according to manivarnan, the talk will focus on the baloch national movement.
quadri will also highlight the organised looting of baloch people by china in collusion with the pak army.
she has already written a letter to the mothers in china reminding them that the gold ornaments they wear were made by the gold illegally mined from balochistan, he said.
according to brennan vibrant workers, their purpose of bringing naela to thalassery to speak about the aspirations of the baloch people, including their efforts to form a government of balochistan in exile was to sensitise keralites, especially the residents of the communist fortress, about the tyranny of the pak army and the plight of the hapless citizens in pakistan.
naela quadri has stated that pakistan was a failed state and prime minister nawaz sharif a pawn in the hands of the pak army, said manivarnan.
the balochistan government in exile is an idea which is taking shape.
it can be in india or anywhere else in the world, but the baloch groups involved in fighting against the occupiers will soon make it a reality, he said quoting naela quadri in an interview.
baloch rebel leaders have been citing prime minister narendra modi raising the issue of balochistan from the ramparts of the red fort during his independence day speech and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj raising the issue in un general assembly as clearly showing indias position on the issue.
naela quadri baloch lives in canada and is a professor by profession.
her husband has been a victim of pakistani oppression over baloch people.
new delhi: attempting to break the ice, pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif has wished speedy recovery to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who underwent a kidney transplant recently.
according to official sources, sharif wrote a letter to swaraj wishing her quick recovery.
on december 25, prime minister narendra modi in a tweet message had greeted his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif on his birthday.
swaraj had undergone a kidney transplant on december 10 and was discharged from new delhi-based aiims on december 19 after successful transplant.
it is notable that there has been not comprehensive dialogue between the two nation after pakistan-backed militants carried out pathankot terror attack in january, killing eight people including seven iaf and nsg personnel.
in his letter, sharif also believed to have mentioned that india should release pakistani fishermen just as a reciprocal move as pakistan had released over 200 indian fishermen on december 25.
the move, observed as a goodwill gesture by pakistan, came amid strain in ties after the recent cross-border terror incidents.
the first batch of 110 fishermen reportedly arrived in vadodara from amritsar and will soon leave for their natives places to reunite with their families.
kochi: passengers to doha, get ready for more flight delays and air fare hikes.
the diplomatic face-off between five gcc nations and qatar has reached the skies, taking its toll on the timings of doha-bound flights from kerala.
officers of various airlines told express that flights to doha from kerala will experience a delay of up to one hour in the wake of restrictions on using the air space of saudi arabia, bahrain and the uae after they severed diplomatic ties with qatar.
air india express officers said flights to doha may be delayed by 40 minutes as the aircraft have to use the airspace of pakistan and iran to reach their destination.
air india express operates a daily flight from kozhikode to doha and three weekly flights from mangalore.
an attempt to strike a deal for using their air space is on as the curbs will hit passengers and create a ripple effect on the timing of some other flights as well.
as more time means more fuel, airline companies operating flights to doha from various destinations will be forced to pass on the burden to the passengers if there is no solution in sight, said an aviation expert.
kochi-based booking agent babu paul said there was no immediate fare hike for doha flights despite the restrictions.
however, the scene may not be the same once the summer vacation begins by june end in west asia, he said.
qatar airways sources said all its flights on tuesday did not suffer any major delay.
it operates around 25 flights from kerala a week.
however, there is a chance for delay for flights using unscheduled airspace in the coming days if the issue is not solved quickly, they said.
qatar airways, which has suspended all flights to saudi arabia, the uae, bahrain and egypt until further notice, issued an advisory on tuesday.
it said it had arranged three oman air chartered flights to take stranded passengers from jeddah to muscat from where they can continue their journey on the qatar airways connecting flight.
meanwhile, money exchange counters in the airports have reportedly stopped the transaction of the qatari riyal for the time being following a sudden fluctuation in its value.
a senior officer at cochin international airport said money exchange counters had received a communication in this regard from their head offices.
this is expected to upset the passengers to and from doha.
the airport handles around 11 flights to doha and over 30,000 passengers in a week.
kpcc chief writes to prime ministerkpcc president m m hassan sent a letter to prime minister narendra modi today urging him to take adequate and immediate measures to ensure the safety of indians living in qatar, after five member countries in the gulf cooperation council snapped ties with the kingdom.
hassan also sought the intervention of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in this regard.
out of the 6.
75 lakh indian population in qatar, malayalees account for nearly 3 lakh.
the indian embassy should be directed to ensure security for all indians and extend necessary help, hassan wrote.
the kpcc president has also urged congress president sonia gandhi and vice president rahul gandhi to persuade the government to allay the fears of the indians living in qatar.
for us, the transformation is not just a domestic agenda but a global vision, she said.
talking about the critical challenges that confront the world, she said the first among them is terrorism.
there was a time when india would talk about terrorism and it would be treated as a law and order issue at many global platforms.
in this digital age, the challenge posed by terrorism is even greater with more vulnerability to radicalisation, she said.
as far back as 1996, india proposed a comprehensive convention on international terrorism at the united nations, but it remains a draft to this day because the countries cannot agree on a common definition of terrorism, she said.
ensuring zero tolerance towards terrorism and towards those using it as an instrument of convenience is the need of the hour, the external affairs minister said.
she said the threat of proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and climate change were also major challenges facing the international community.
by express news servicehyderabad: a hyderabadi man who was held responsible for death of two colleagues in an accident in uganda and directed to pay hefty compensation to the families of the deceased, has returned home.
mohammed saleem uddin was working as a branch manager in a medical company for the last six years.
his stay in uganda took an ugly turn on may 3 of 2018.
he had sent his co-workers, mobashir ahmed (a pakistani national) and omugisha gerald (a ugandan national) in his car for official work.
however, on their way back due to heavy rain they met with an accident at kabwohe.
the car toppled over a cliff and both the occupants along with car were burnt.
the company held saleem responsible for the incident and filed a case against him.
he was him to pay a heavy amount of money to the deceaseds families, said amjed ullah khan of mbt who helped the family of saleem uddin to approach the ministry of external affairs.
his mother shaheen sultana through khan wrote to sushmaswaraj swaraj, minister for external affairs, requesting help.
after much persuasion by the indian high commission in kampala, uganda on the local police and the company, he got back his passport and he returned home to hyderabad.
pakistan cannot take kashmir issue to the international court of justice.
addressing a press conference in delhi to highlight her ministrys achievements over the past three years, the foreign minister said indias relations with nations around the world improved dramatically.
indians travelling, settled or working abroad are increasingly proud about the fact that in case they face any difficulties, the indian missions are only a click or a call away, said the minister known for her engagement with people on twitter, where she boasts of some 8.
1 million followers.
over 80,000 indians stranded across the globe had been brought back to india safely over the last three years, she said, and those who predicted that the narendra modi-led government would face difficulties with muslim-majority countries had been proved wrong, because indias relations with asian nations are at an all-time high.
saudi arabia and uae, countries said to be close to pakistan, now share a very close and special bond with india, while palestine and israel, despite their disagreements, see india as their friend.
closer home, india has historic good relations with afghanistan and iran.
as for pakistan, she reiterated that while india believed in dialogue to resolve all disputes, terror and talks cannot continue together.
quizzed about the recent intrusion of chinese helicopters into indian territory, she said india would raise the issue at the highest levels in beijing.
while insisting that us-india relations were on the right track, her rejection of us president donald trumps remark that india would receive financial benefits by signing the paris treaty is a clear indication of an increasingly assertive foreign policy being pursued by the government.
given the rapidly changing and unpredictable global order, no doubt swaraj and her team have a lot to be proud of.
but the proof of the pudding, as they say, is in the eating.
the fishermen, hailing from tamil nadu, have been repatriated to bahrain.
i am happy to inform that 25 indian fishermen from tamil nadu who were detained by iranian coast guards since march 2017 with 5 bahraini boats have been released and repatriated to bahrain, swaraj tweeted last night.
she also thanked the indian embassy in tehran, appreciating their relentless efforts for facilitating the release.
in a significant development, india will be among the seven nations taking part in blue flag, a two week biennial drill organised by the israeli air force near tel aviv later this year.
the exercise is aimed at honing planning, targeting, and coordinated command and control skills needed for operating in high-threat theaters.
apart from nearly 100 aircraft and several hundred pilots and support staff from the us, greece, poland, france, germany, italy and india, military observers from 40 other nations are also expected to attend.
this would mark the first time india will take part in a multinational military drill in israel, and the announcement comes ahead of a proposed visit by prime minister narendra modi in may or june, which would make him the first indian pm to do so.
israel made considerable investments in gujarat when modi was the chief minister, and he believes it can play a major role in his make in india initiative.
the bjp too has been vocal in its admiration for israels nationalistic position.
israel is one of indias largest defence suppliers, selling high-end missile systems as well as unmanned aerial vehicles, small arms, and sensors used along the loc with pakistan.
earlier, while new delhi and tel aviv did indulge in a lot of military trade and transfers, the relationship was kept low-key owing to fear of offending the gulf nations, which supply most of indias fuel needs and where thousands of indians work.
but after the bjp came to power in 2014, there has been a flurry of bilateral visits.
president pranab mukherjee became the first indian head of state to land in israel in october 2015.
this led to a reciprocal visit by israel president reuven rivlin in november last year.
israeli defence minister mosh yaalon was in india in february 2015.
home minister rajnath singh visited israel in november 2015; external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj went there in january 2016.
so far, india has managed a fine diplomatic balancing act between the jewish and arab states.
but the clear tilt is starting to show.
new delhi: economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das on sunday warned e-commerce giant amazon not to be flippant about indian symbols and icons, and said if it showed indifference to indian sensibilities, it will be at its own peril.
amazon, better behave.
desist from being flippant about indian symbols & icons.
indifference will be at your own peril, das said in a tweet.
in another tweet, he added, comment on amazon was as a citizen of india as i felt strongly about it.
nothing more should be read into it.
later, das also tweeted, remain committed to economic reforms, ease of doing business and open trade.
sometimes get touchy when our icons are involved.
das comments come just days after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj received a complaint about doormats depicting the indian flag, which were listed on amazons canada website.
however, the e-retail giant pulled the items from the site.
meanwhile, amazon india on sunday announced that it would create over 7,500 temporary jobs for its upcoming great india sale.
these positions will mostly be in logistics.
by aninew delhi: the international community has extended support to india following the dreaded pulwama terror attack which claimed the lives of over 40 crpf personnel in the indian state of jammu and kashmir.
as many as 48 countries condemned the ghastly terror attack that shook the nation on thursday.
also read: security men search for body parts of dead crpf men near bombing siteunited stateswhite house released a statement condemning the heinous terrorist attack by a pakistan-based terrorist group.
we express our deep condolences to the victims families, the indian government, and the indian people for the loss of life in this brutal attack, the statement read.
the united states also called on pakistan to end immediately the support and safe haven provided to all terrorist groups operating on its soil, whose only goal is to sow chaos, violence, and terror in the region.
this attack only strengthens our resolve to bolster counterterrorism cooperation and coordination between the united states and india, read the statement.
also read: regretting loss of lives, pulwama bomber's father warns of more attacks if kashmir issue not solvedus state department too issued a statement assuring that the united states is resolutely committed to working with the indian government to combat terrorism in all its forms.
the un designated, pakistan-based terrorist group jaish-e-muhammad has claimed responsibility for this heinous act.
we call on all countries to uphold their responsibilities pursuant to un security council resolutions to deny safe haven and support for terrorists, state department stated in the press release.
the united nations on thursday (local time) strongly condemned the terrorist attack.
we strongly condemn today's attack in jammu and kashmir's pulwama.
we express our deepest condolences to the families of those who lost their lives and to the people and the government of india.
we wish a speedy recovery to injured and call for those behind the attack to be brought to justice, the un said in a statement.
also read: mortal remains of bravehearts arrive amidst anti-pakistan slogansrussiarussia denounced terrorism in all its forms and manifestation.
embassy of the russian federation tweeted, we denounce terrorism in all its forms & reiterate the need to combat these inhuman acts with decisive & collective response without any double standards.
we express condolences to families of the deceased & wish a speedy recovery to injured.
francefrench minister of europe and foreign affairs jean-yves le drian termed the pulwama attack a vile.
i condemn in the strongest terms the vile attack that has just struck india.
i express my condolences to the families of fallen soldiers and my deep solidarity with the government and people of india.
france has always been and will always be alongside india in the fight against terrorism in all its forms.
i call on each state to effectively combat terrorist networks and their funding channels and to prevent the cross-border movement of terrorist groups, such as jaish-e-mohamed, who has claimed responsibility for this attack, drian wrote.
also read: pakistan summons indian deputy high commissioner, rejects claims of link to pulwama attackgermanygermany condemns terrorism in all forms.
we are gravely shocked and deeply saddened.
our thoughts are with the families of the victims.
germany stands with its strategic partner india, jasper wieck, charge d'affaires of the german embassy in india told ani on friday.
european unioneuropean union (eu) expressed its dismay and condolences, asserting that terrorism can never be justified.
as a strategic partner of india, the eu reaffirms its full solidarity at such a difficult moment.
the european union stands by india in fighting terrorism and will continue to strengthen its cooperation in this regard, stated eu.
also read: army would decide timing and manner of response, hints pm modiseveral countries including romania, czech republic, estonia, andorra, the netherlands, tajikistan, croatia, greece, seychelles, mexico, dominican republic, south africa, finland, belgium, lebanon, turkey, and portugal condemned the attack and extended support and conveyed condolences.
also read: explosion threw crpf men's bodies about half a kilometre away from spot, says j&k policeunited kingdomthe united kingdom offered condolences following the attack.
foreign secretary of uk wrote, shocked by today's senseless and brutal act of terror in india-administered kashmir.
i offer my sincere condolences to the victims' families.
we stand with india.
australiaaustralia, too, came forward to convey condolences.
australia condemns the heinous terrorist attack on an indian police convoy in jammu and kashmir.
we convey our deepest condolences to the families of the victims, and all those injured.
our thoughts are with my friend prime minister narendra modi and the indian people, said australian prime minister scott morrison.
ministry of foreign affairs, australia issued a statement saying, australia condemns the horrific bombing in jammu & kashmir.
we extend our deepest sympathies to those killed and injured, their families & the people of india.
we stand with india in the fight against terrorism.
also read: terror groups take to social media after pulwama attackbangladeshprime minister of bangladesh, shiekh hasina condoled the death of the soldiers.
excellency, on behalf of the people and the government of bangladesh, and on my own behalf, let me convey our heartfelt condolences for the loss of lives of more than 37 crpf troops who were traveling by a bus in pulwama district of jammu and kashmir this afternoon.
bangladesh strongly condemns this dastardly terrorist attack, she wrote in her letter to indian prime minister narendra modi.
mauritiusministry of foreign affairs on mauritius termed the attack vile and expressed sympathy to the indian government and people following the attack.
mauritius stands in staunch solidarity with the government of india and remains committed to the fight against terrorism in all its forms and manifestations, asserted mauritius.
iran, gulf countriesseveral gulf countries including uae, ksa, oman, iran, and bahrain came forward to condemn the dastardly attack.
the countries also extended support to india in its fight against extremism and terrorism.
iran's foreign ministry spokesman bahram ghassemi said, as a country which has been a victim of terrorism and has made huge, extensive and effective efforts to uproot terrorist groups in west asia, we have paid high costs in that end and are determined to firmly continue this path.
we consider resorting to such bloody and inhumane methods by any groups and under any pretext and designation and with any intention as unacceptable.
several other countries including saudi arabia, and uae have also condemned the ghastly attack.
japancondemning the ghastly attack, japanese prime minister shinzo abe wrote to prime minister narendra modi to express solidarity against terrorism.
i resolutely condemn the vicious terrorist attack carried out yesterday in pulwama of jammu and kashmir.
on behalf of the japanese government and people, i would like to extend my sincere condolences to those who lost their lives and their bereaved families, and express my heartfelt sympathy to those who were injured.
i express my heartfelt solidarity to the people of india in the process of overcoming this difficult time.
such act of terrorism cannot be justified for any reason.
japan is firmly committed to combatting terrorism in cooperation with india and the international community, he wrote.
israelprime minister of israel benjamin netanyahu also extended support to india and tweeted, to my dear friend, prime minister of india narendra modi, we stand with you, the security forces and the people of india following this heinous terrorist attack.
we send our condolences to the families of the victims.
maldives foreign minister abdulla shahid reached out with his tweet: strongly condemn the suicide terrorist attack on the convoy carrying indian security forces in jammu and kashmir today.
i extend my prayers and condolences to the bereaved families of the dead and injured.
maldivesthe maldives is fully committed to the fight against terrorism and will continue to work closely with india, and the international community in eliminating this global menace, foreign minister of maldives abdulla shahid said.
south koreasouth korea also came forward to convey condolences to the indian government.
in a press release, south korea said: it is the rok government's firm position that terrorism is a crime against humanity that cannot be justified under any circumstances and must be eradicated.
rok government will continue to actively work with the international community to eradicate terrorism.
bhutanexpressing solidarity with the victims' families and people and government of india, bhutan's foreign minister tandi dorji tweeted, shocked & saddened to hear of the terror attack in kashmir.
we strongly condemn this heinous attack & express our solidarity with families of victims, & people & govt of india.
hope perpetrators will be brought to justice.
nepalnepalese prime minister kp sharma oli spoke to modi and expressed his condolences, concern, and condemnation over the attack.
sri lankan prime minister ranil wickremesinghe also expressed his condolences and condemned the attack.
i strongly condemn the brutal terrorist attack in kashmir's pulwama district  the worst ever terror attack in jammu and kashmir since 1989.
i express my condolences to @narendramodi and the families of police officers who lost their lives, wickremesinghe tweeted.
chinachinese state councilor and foreign minister wang yi wrote to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday to condemn the terror attack.
he also expressed deep sympathy to families of the victims and injured.
#chinese state councilor & fm #wangyi wrote to eam @sushmaswaraj, condemned the #pulwama suicide attack, expressed deep sympathy to families of the victims & injured, and stressed that the #chinese side resolutely opposes and strongly condemns all forms of terrorism, tweeted chinese ambassador to india luo zhaohui.
speaking on the dreaded terror attack, chinese foreign ministry spokesperson said: the chinese side firmly opposes and strongly condemns terrorism in any form, hoping the regional countries join hand together to confront the threat of terrorism so as to maintain regional peace and security.
the convoy comprised of 78 buses in which around 2,500 personnel were travelling from jammu to srinagar.
the slain personnel were on a bus which had 42 crpf men on board.
jaish-e-mohammed, a pakistan-based terrorist group, claimed responsibility for the attack which left the bus extensively damaged in the blast and ensuing gunfire on the vehicle.
new delhi: india has taken up with frankfurt airport authorities the matter of an indian woman being asked to strip by the security officials during her travel on march 29.
@cgifranfurt has taken up this matter with frankfurt airport authorities.
the matter has been referred to the police for investigation, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted tonight.
we are awaiting report of the police investigation, she said.
the woman in her facebook post had alleged that she was asked to strip by security officials at the frankfurt airport while she was on way to iceland from bengaluru.
new delhi: the two missing indian clerics of delhi's hazrat nizamuddin dargah have been traced and have reached karachi, pakistan today conveyed to india.
pakistan foreign office has confirmed that the two indian clerics have been traced and reached karachi, a source said in new delhi.
the confirmation came after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to pakistan prime minister's advisor on foreign affairs sartaj aziz, regarding the case.
aziz is in london currently.
the two missing indian clerics -- syed asif nizami, the head priest (sajjadanashin) of hazrat nizamuddin aulia dargah, and and his nephew nazim nizami -- reached karachi this evening.
according to pakistani media reports, both clerics had been in interior sindh where there was no communication network and that is why they could not tell their relatives about their whereabouts.
they will leave for india on march 20.
earlier in the day, pakistani sources had said the two clerics were in the custody of pakistan's intelligence agency over their alleged links with the muttahida qaumi movement (mqm).
they were offloaded from karachi-bound shaheen airlines on march 14 at the allama iqbal international airport, lahore, the pakistani sources said.
the personnel of an intelligence took both the clerics into custody after getting them offloaded and shifted them to an undisclosed location for investigation, a source had said.
they further said both clerics had been detained for their alleged links with altaf hussain's mqm.
by ptikartarpur: prime minister imran khan will on wednesday lay the foundation stone for the much-awaited corridor linking gurdwara darbar sahib in pakistan's kartarpur - the final resting place of sikh faith's founder guru nanak dev - to dera baba nanak shrine in india's gurdaspur district to facilitate visa-free movement of indian sikh pilgrims.
kartarpur sahib in pakistan is located across the river ravi, about four kilometres from the dera baba nanak shrine.
it was established by the sikh guru in 1522.
the first gurdwara, gurdwara kartarpur sahib, was built here, where guru nanak dev is said to have died.
the kartarpur corridor, which will facilitate the visa-free travel of indian sikh pilgrims to gurdwara darbar sahib in kartarpur, is expected to be completed within six months, pakistan foreign office spokesman mohammad faisal said on tuesday.
the development comes ahead of guru nanak's 550th birth anniversary next year.
india has also said it will build and develop a corridor from dera baba nanak in gurdaspur district to the international border to facilitate sikh pilgrims visiting gurdwara darbar sahib kartarpur.
prime minister narendra modi friday hoped that the kartarpur corridor would act as a bridge between the people of india and pakistan that might lead to a better future as he referred to the fall of the berlin wall to underline the importance of people-to-people contact.
speaking at a function to mark the birth anniversary of guru nanak in new delhi, modi said the issues between the governments and the armies would continue and only time will show the way out.
thousands of sikh devotees from india visit pakistan every year to celebrate the birth anniversary of guru nanak.
the issue of kartarpur sahib came into focus after punjab minister navjot singh sidhu visited pakistan in august to attend the oath-taking ceremony of his cricketer-turned-politician friend imran khan as prime minister of that country.
after his return, sidhu said that pakistan army chief qamar javed bajwa had told him that pakistan may open a corridor to kartarpur sahib.
sidhu has already arrived in lahore with a group of indian journalists to attend the groundbreaking ceremony on wednesday.
the india-pakistan ties nose-dived in recent years with no bilateral talks taking place.
the ties between the two countries had strained after the terror attacks by pakistan-based groups in 2016.
sidhu has termed the kartarpur corridor as a corridor of infinite possibilities and said such initiatives would promote peace and erase enmity between india and pakistan.
the seed imran khan had sown three months ago has become a plant.
it is a happy moment for the sikh community that the corridor to reach kartarpur to get baba guru nanak's blessing without any hassle, he told the media.
karturpur corridor will prove to be a path of peace, sidhu added.
on monday, indian vice president m venkaiah naidu and punjab chief minister amarinder singh laid the foundation stone of the corridor in gurdaspur.
pakistan had invited external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who thanked her pakistani counterpart shah mahmood qureshi for the invite and said she was unable to travel to kartarpur sahib due to prior commitments.
india will send union ministers harsimrat kaur badal and hardeep singh puri to pakistan wednesday to attend the groundbreaking ceremony of the corridor in kartarpur.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her turkish counterpart mevlut cavusoglu will hold wide-ranging talks on a range of bilateral and regional issues which may include deliberations on situation in west asia and ways to counter threat of terrorism.
earlier this month, turkey had asked india to act against the institutions affiliated to the network of fethullah gulen, blamed for last month's failed coup to topple president tayyip erdogan, and the issue may figure in the discussions between the two foreign ministers.
the entire gamut of bilateral relations as well as multilateral and regional issues are likely to be discussed during the talks,' external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said.
cavusoglu will also call on vice president hamid ansari tomorrow.
during his three-day visit, the turkish foreign minister is also scheduled to visit hyderabad on august 20 to open the turkish consulate building.
relations between india and turkey have witnessed steady progress.
the bilateral trade is also increasing and touched usd 6.
3 billion last year.
we hope the visit of the turkish foreign minister will further strengthen our bilateral ties, said swarup.
this cavusoglu's first official visit to india.
he was in india on a transit halt last year and had met swaraj.
president erdogan has vowed to take strong action against those linked to muslim cleric fethullah gulen, who he had blamed for the july 15 coup attempt.
tens of thousands of troops, civil servants, judges and officials have already been detained or dismissed in a massive crackdown following the failed coup.
by ptikavitha: trs would take up the telangana government's request for transfer of certain defence land here and other pending issues during the budget session of parliament beginning thursday, party mp and chief minister k chandrasekhar rao's daughter k kavitha said wednesday.
she took a dig at congress president rahul gandhi's promise of minimum income guarantee for every poor person if his party comes to power at the centre in coming elections, saying the party had given 'garibi hatao' (remove poverty) slogan during his grandmother indira gandhi's tenure.
kavitha said no decision had been taken on the request for transfer of the defence lands, required by the state government for a new secretariat complex.
we will also meet prime minister and ask him about all the pending problems we have been asking for defence lands for a long time, she told reporters at pothangal in nizamabad district.
warning of stern action by the state government against manpower agents who cheat gullible people aspiring for jobs in the gulf countries, she claimed though a request was made to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for a new law to check such incidents, the centre did not pay heed.
due to kavitha's intervention, fifteen people from the state stranded in iraq after being cheated by agents had been brought back home wednesday.
replying to a question, she said congress gave the slogan 'garibi hatao' during the regime of indira gandhi, but rahul gandhi) was now talking about introducing a scheme to provide basic income.
this showed that congress only gave slogans but did not do any concrete work, she alleged.
both congress and bjp had failed to live up to the people's aspirations, she added.
united nations: un general assembly president-elect ambassador peter thomson will travel to india early next week during which he is expected to meet prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and discuss the ambitious sdgs.
thomson, the permanent representative of fiji elected in june as president of the unga's upcoming 71st session, will visit china later this week and will then travel to india.
on august 29, the president-elect will be in new delhi where it is planned that he will meet with modi, swaraj and secretary for external relations, sujata mehta, a press release from the office of the president of the un general assembly said yesterday.
coming from the asia-pacific nation of fiji, i am pleased to have this opportunity to visit the two biggest countries in the regional group to which i belong, thomson said, adding that he looks forward to the high-level talks he will have with the governments of china and india.
my main interest will be to discuss how the united nations can assist and accelerate the implementation of the 2030 agenda for sustainable development, he added.
he will attend official meetings in beijing tomorrow and is expected to meet with chinese premier li keqiang, state councillor yang jiechi and minister of foreign affairs wang yi.
swaraj will travel to new york later next month to attend the high-level general debate of the 71st session of the general assembly.
she will address global leaders from the iconic lectern of the general assembly on september 26.
modi, who had addressed the un general assembly sessions in 2014 and 2015, will not be attending this year's unga session.
thomson's visit to india assumes significance against the backdrop of new delhi leading efforts for early completion of the long-pending reforms of the un security council.
in july, india's push to achieve urgent reforms of the 15-nation council by this year and secure a permanent seat on the horse-shoe table had suffered a setback when the 193- member general assembly decided to roll over discussions on reforming the world body's top organ to its 71st session.
india had been pushing for completing reforms of the un security council in the 70th session of the general assembly, which will end next month.
thomson will preside over the 71st session, which will begin on september 13, amid expectations from a majority of member states that the unsc reform process will accelerate and concrete results will be achieved in reforming the most powerful organ of the un.
india along with the g4 nations had said it was unfortunate that momentum could not build up over unsc reforms in the 70th session.
sushma swaraj, minister of external affairs for india, speaks during the 71st session of the united nations general assembly at u.n. headquarters.
(ap)united nations: the message that kashmir is an integral part of india should be loud and clear, india today told pakistan, calling it a dysfunctional state that commits atrocities on its own people and preaches about tolerance, democracy and human rights.
responding to pakistan's right of reply (ror), india also asked pakistan if it can clarify how terror safe havens continue to flourish on its soil despite getting billions of dollars in anti-terrorism aid.
pakistan's envoy to the un maleeha lodhi, exercising the ror to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's address to the un general assembly here yesterday, earlier said pakistan rejects all the baseless allegations made by her and asserted that kashmir never was and can never be an integral part of india.
she called kashmir a disputed territory, the final status of which has yet to be determined in accordance with several resolutions of the un security council.
first secretary in the indian mission to the un eenam gambhir, in india's right of reply to lodhi's remarks, said that it appears that the pakistani envoy did not hear clearly what our minister of external affairs stated during her address earlier today.
quoting swaraj that jammu and kashmir is an integral part of india, and will always continue to do so, gambhir said we hope that the message is loud and clear.
in the ror, lodhi claimed that the attack on the indian army base in uri, particularly its timing, has all the hallmarks of an operation designed to divert attention from india's atrocities in kashmir.
the international community is well aware that several such incidents have been staged in the past to serve india's tactical and propaganda objectives, she said, adding that india is utilising the uri incident to blame pakistan for the current kashmiri uprising and divert attention from its 'brutal' occupation.
gambhir, who had given india's strong ror to pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif's un general assembly address, said the world heard from pakistan the views of a dysfunctional state which builds atrocity upon atrocity on its own people, preaching about values of tolerance, democracy and human rights.
we reject entirely these sermons, she said.
gambhir said that the pakistani envoy was making a fanciful and misleading presentation in her ror on the situation in the kashmir, in yet another attempt to divert international attention from her country's continued sponsorship of terrorism.
gambhir said pakistan is not answering questions that are being posed to it by the international community such as how is it that terror sanctuaries and safe havens in her country continue to flourish despite the pakistan army's much-vaunted counter terrorism operations, and the billions of dollars of international counter terrorism aid it obtains.
can the representative of pakistan confirm that they do not use terrorist proxies and export terrorism as a matter of state policy?
can the representative of pakistan deny that pakistan had assured in 2004 that it would not allow its territories, or territories under its control, to be used for terror attacks against india?
and can the representative of pakistan deny that it has failed to honour that assurance given at the highest level?
gambhir asked.
india questioned whether the representative of pakistan will deny that the armed forces of her country committed one of the most extensive and heinous genocides in human history in 1971.
will the representative of pakistan deny that its armed forces have used air strikes and artillery against its own people repeatedly.
will the representative of pakistan explain why is it that pakistan's civil society is being silenced by the plethora of heavily armed militias that go by names such as 'jaish' or army, 'lashkar' or army, 'sipah' or soldiers and 'harkat' or armed movement, gambhir said.
responding to swaraj's call that nations who do not join the global strategy to fight terrorism should be isolated, lodhi said india's government is delusional if it believes that it can isolate any country.
it is india itself, which because of its war crimes in kashmir and elsewhere, and because of its warmongering, is likely to be isolated in the international community, she said.
the pakistani envoy said swaraj's statement reflects the deceit and hostility of the indian government towards pakistan.
these allegations are designed principally to deflect global attention from the brutalities being perpetrated by india's over half a million occupation force against innocent and unarmed kashmiri children, women and men in the indian occupied jammu and kashmir, lodhi said.
in an ror exercised after sharif's address to the unga, india had accused pakistan of committing war crimes by using terrorism as an instrument of state policy.
lodhi in her ror said the call for freedom of the kashmiri people has been met with indian brutality.
this is the worst form of state terrorism, a war crime, that india has continued to perpetrate in the situation of foreign occupation in jammu and kashmir for the past many decades, she said, adding that pakistan demands a full and impartial investigation of the indian 'atrocities and massive human rights violations' in kashmir.
we ask that india accept the investigation proposed by the un high commissioner for human rights and allow them access for the purpose, she said.
in response to swaraj's reference to pakistani national bahadur ali who was arrested in kashmir, lodhi said the recently captured indian spy, an intelligence officer,kulbhushan yadav, has confessed to india's support to such terrorist and subversive activities particularly in balochistan and federally administered tribal areas.
indeed, it was kulbhushan, who was financing, arming and supporting individuals and entities listed under the un sanctions regime, lodhi said.
she said india's policy of interference in pakistan, especially its attempt to destabilise balochistan, are now on record.
this is blatant violation of the principles of the un charter, she said.
lodhi blamed india for suspending talks with pakistan more than a year ago, saying new delhi has refused to resume them despite repeated offers from pakistan and advice from the international community.
the latest offer was made by the prime minister of pakistan from the rostrum of this very assembly.
but let us be clear, talks are no favour to pakistan.
they are in the interest of both india and pakistan and the people of our two countries, she said.
lodhi reiterated that pakistan is ready and willing for serious and result oriented talks with india, especially to resolve the longstanding core dispute of jammu and kashmir, which is imperative for durable peace, stability and development in the region.
in a second ror, a pakistani representative reiterated that kashmir remains an internationally-recognised disputed territory.
gambhir responded by saying that pakistan has yet again chosen to stay silent on the tough questions.
this is what we have come to expect from pakistan - deception, deceit and denial.
the world still waits their response, gambhir said.
new delhi: raising the issue of alleged racial attack on an indian man in australia in lok sabha on monday, congress sought the pms intervention in ensuring the safety of large indian population there.
meanwhile, the australian high commission has said that it regrets the incident and it will be investigated whether the attack on an indian-origin taxi driver in australia was racially-based.
congress member k c venugopal said in the lower house that indian-origin taxi driver from kerala, li max joy, was assaulted in australia's tasmania state and added that such attacks were on the rise in that country.
he said it was a racial attack as the assaulters had hurled abuses like you bloody black indians at him.
li max joy was racially abused.
it is a serious issue .
.
.
the government there is not making serious attempts to catch those involved in the assault, he alleged.
responding to this, parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar said the safety of overseas indians was a matter of priority for the government and it will not leave any stone unturned in ensuring their safety.
it is a matter of serious concern.
.
.
we are with the overseas indians.
we will leave no stone unturned to ensure safety of indians abroad, said the minister.
venugopal also raised the stabbing of the indian-origin priest in melbourne and demanded a strong response by india to such incidents.
he said these were not stray incidents.
replying to his contentions, kumar said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj takes up cases involving indians with authorities of foreign governments and that safety of overseas indians was a matter of priority for the government.
meanwhile, expressing regret over the incident, an australian high commission spokesperson said the government attaches great importance to the safety and security of everyone who resides in australia.
it said that whether the attack on an indian-origin taxi driver in australia was racially-based will be investigated and asserted that police takes all assault seriously.
we regret the attack on taxi driver of indian origin in hobart which occurred over the weekend.
we understand he suffered minor injuries and has been discharged from royal hobart hospital, he said.
the statement said, the matter is current and under investigation by tasmania police.
tasmania police takes all assaults seriously.
we understand that whether the assault was racially-based will be a component of the investigation facts.
li max joy, who is pursuing a nursing course and working as a part time taxi driver in australia, has alleged that five people, including a girl, hurled racial abuses like you bloody black indians at him and assaulted him at the mcdonald's restaurant at north hobart.
islamabad/new delhi: india has issued a medical visa to a two-and-a-half-month-old baby from pakistan, suffering from a heart disease, after his father sought intervention of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
swaraj's intervention came after the infant's father brought the matter to her notice on twitter.
earlier this week, ken sid, a pakistani national, reached out to swaraj through the social media platform for a medical visa for his son, who has a heart complication which cannot be treated in pakistan.
the child will not suffer.
please contact indian high commission in pakistan.
we will give the medical visa, she had said.
the family had been trying to get a visa for three months.
it is heartening to see humanity prevailing despite many differences.
thank you for your efforts.
humanity prevails!
god bless everyone, the child's father tweeted.
an official at the indian high commission said that a four-month medical visa has been issued to the family so that the boy could undergo heart surgery in india.
i am sorry to know that your father requires liver transplant.
it appears there is some misunderstanding, swaraj tweeted, and added we have not refused a medical visa.
if mr.@sartajaziz recommends your case, we will give the visa immediately.
so instead of requesting me, please request mr @sartajaziz.
she was responding to a tweet by one mazhar hussain, who said, @sushmaswaraj dear madam!
i'm a lawyer from pakistan, my father needs urgent visa for liver transplant in india.
please help us.
in the aftermath of kulbhushan jadhav episode, india had said, we have suggested that their foreign minister or foreign affairs advisor sartaz aziz give a recommendation letter and it will be cleared immediately, without any delay, adding the insistence on a recommendation letter would enable to ascertain that the requests received from pakistan are genuine.
ailing pakistanis frequently to travel to india on medical visas to seek treatment for complicated health problems.
indian hospitals have previously reported receiving around 500 patients from pakistan every month.
many of the unwell needed a liver transplant, which costs between rs 2-3 million.
in 2015, five-year-old basma from pakistan had been granted a visa to india for an emergency liver transplant surgery.
there are now many tales like hers, sometimes with footnotes on how the travelling patients were helped financially by indians.
however, the visa process for travellers who want to visit india for medical reasons has slowed amid rising tensions between the two countries over a number of reasons, including the issue of cross-border terrorism and pakistani military sentencing to death indian national jadhav on charges of espionage.
by aninew delhi: ministry of external affairs (mea) on wednesday confirmed that as many as 23 indian passports were misplaced by the high commission of pakistan in new delhi.
in a written reply in the lok sabha, external affairs minister (eam) sushmaswaraj swaraj stated, yes, the ministry of external affairs has received information that a total of twenty-three (23) passports have been misplaced by the high commission of pakistan in new delhi.
further, the minister stated that the misplaced passports have been declared as 'lost' in the passport database.
in order to prevent the misuse of the lost passports, all the passport issuing authorities have been instructed to ensure that if these applicants apply for reissue of passports, caution may be exercised while processing their passport applications.
bengaluru: two brothers a web designer and a junior tv artiste were arrested for sending a fake recommendation letter to the passport office bearing the signature of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
police said the duo had applied for their passports but failed to submit proper documents.
when officials rejected their application, they sent a fake recommendation letter to the passport office through speed post.
following a complaint lodged by the regional passport office, police raided their house and found fake letterheads of prime minister narendra modi, union home minister rajnath singh and other ministers and also a fake seal of government of india.
the arrested are arya roshan alias imtiaz (27) and surya roshan alias imran (21), residents of sarakki in jp nagar.
a senior police officer said that surya and arya had applied for passports in 2012 and had received an appointment.
the officials in the passport office in koramangala rejected their applications as the names and dates of birth they had provided in the application did not match with the documents they submitted.
in march, they applied for passports again and sent a fake recommendation letter bearing the forged signature of sushmaswaraj swaraj.
police said the letter had the ministers photo printed on the letterhead.
police said the duo had mentioned in the letter that their family was close to sushmaswaraj swaraj and hence the letter should be taken into consideration to issue the passports immediately.
officials at the passport office informed koramangala police on realising the letter was a fake.
on april 10, the brothers were asked to come to the passport office to collect their passports where police nabbed them.
police are trying to find if the duo submitted similar letters for other official purposes.
swaraj's direction came after the family of mohammed mansoor hussain, a resident of malakpet in hyderabad who holds an mba degree, reached out to her through twitter and told her that they are very poor and cannot afford a lawyer for him.
pl do not worry.
our embassy is doing everything, swaraj replied to the tweet.
right.
pl keep me informed about this case, she told the indian mission in riyadh.
as per reports, hussain is lodged in wadi al dawasir jail in saudi arabia.
he had been working as a marketing auditor at abdel hadi abdullah al qahtani and sons limited in riyadh since 2013.
hussains family claimed on august 25 last year he had gone to a bank to deposit nearly one lakh saudi riyal when he was allegedly robbed by some miscreants.
when he went to a police station to lodge a complaint on the advice of his boss, he was taken to custody.
according to reports, he has been sentenced to one years imprisonment and 300 lashes.
by express news servicechennai: expressing concern over the arrest of seven more fishermen from tamil nadu by sri lankan navy, chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on tuesday urged the centre to act decisively to find a solution and permanently resolve this longstanding issue.
i request you to immediately direct the officials concerned, in the ministry of external affairs, to take concrete action through diplomatic channels, to secure the immediate release of 46 fishermen, including the seven arrested on february 9, and 26 fishing boats, the chief minister said in his letter to the prime minister.
strongly reiterating the need to restore the traditional fishing rights of tamil nadu fishermen in the palk bay by annulling the indo-sri lankan agreements of 1974 and 1976, the chief minister recalled that the constitutional validity of these agreements had been challenged on extremely valid and legal grounds in the supreme court of india.
pointing out that prolonged incarceration of tamil nadu fishermen in the lankan jails had caused untold misery to their families, palaniswami urged the centre to prevail upon the lankan government to release the boats of tamil nadu fishermen which had been kept in custody for long periods.
secure release of fishermen from iranbringing to the notice of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj that three fishermen from kanniyakumari district have been imprisoned for more than six weeks in an iranian prison, chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on tuesday urged the union minister to ensure the release of the fishermen as well as to get their just and due wages from their saudi employer.
the chief minister, in a letter to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, said the three fishermen were employed as labourers in a mechanised fishing boat belonging to a saudi arabian national, jaffer alfhan.
when they ventured from tharine fishing base of saudi arabia on january 2, they were reportedly abducted by smugglers and abandoned off the coast of busher in iran on january 7.
from there, these fishermen were rescued by iranian coast guard and detained in busher.
the chief minister requested the union minister to direct the embassies of india in iran and the kingdom of saudi arabia, to ensure the immediate release and repatriation of the said indian fishermen to india.
by ptilondon: britain's foreign secretary jeremy hunt wednesday held talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her pakistani counterpart shah mehmood qureshi to prevent a further escalation of tensions between the two nuclear-armed neighbours following the pulwama attack.
tensions between india and pakistan rose following the february 14 terror attack in jammu and kashmir's pulwama district in which 40 crpf soldiers were killed.
pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammed (jem) terror group claimed responsibility for the attack.
following the incident, india bombed and destroyed jem's biggest training camp in balakot in pakistan's restive khyber pakhtunkhwa province, about 80-km from the line of control (loc) early tuesday, killing a very large number of terrorists, trainers and senior commanders.
also read | border standoff: uk calls on india, pakistan to show restraint, asks for de-escalationon wednesday, pakistan claimed it shot down two indian fighter jets over pakistani air space and arrested a pilot.
i've been in touch with foreign minister swaraj of india and foreign minister qureshi of pakistan.
i've spoken to both of them about the situation.
we are urging restraint on all sides, hunt said in a statement issued by the uk foreign and commonwealth office (fco).
the uk is very concerned about rising tensions in kashmir between india and pakistan.
both countries are good friends of the uk, he said.
neither side wants to see this escalate further but this is going to take really critical restraint in the days ahead and we are doing everything we can to support the de-escalation of the tensions that are happening at the moment, hunt said.
the latest development follows a lengthy discussion on the security and humanitarian situation in kashmir in the uk parliament earlier on wednesday.
british prime minister theresa may had informed mps in the house of commons that the uk remained in regular contact with both countries and was working towards de-escalating tensions.
one of her other ministers in the fco mark field told parliament that he will be in india on a three-day pre-scheduled visit from thursday where he will carry on the uk's efforts to encourage dialogue between india and pakistan.
india launched a major diplomatic offensive against pakistan after the pulwama attack and highlighted pakistan's role in using terrorism as an instrument of state policy.
the international community led by the us pressed pakistan to deny safe haven to terror groups operating form its soil and bring the perpetrators of the pulwama attack to justice.
india has asked pakistan to take immediate and verifiable action against terrorists and terror groups operating from territories under its control.
new delhi:teesta is running dry in peak summer!
wheres the scope of sharing?
these were the words of west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee at a public meeting a day ago, in the run up to bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasinas new delhi visit.
on thursday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made it clear an agreement on teesta waters is not on the cards when hasina comes.
in between these two statements, however, theres an attempt to break the ice.
that banerjee finally agreed to fly down to new delhi on friday evening, coinciding with hasinas visit and she agreed to attend the pms luncheon meeting at hyderabad house is a pointer to the changing optics.
it took a persuasive phone call from president pranab mukherjee for banerjee to consider a trip to delhi.
even then she did not readily agree to attend the formal banquet for the bangladesh premier at rashtrapati bhawan, where cms of the northeastern states too have been invited.
the presidents special gesture had to be followed up by sushmaswaraj swaraj with a bout of domestic diplomacy.
a video conference call with the bengal cm was organised on wednesday, to soften her further.
one of banerjees main grouses against the modi government (and the previous manmohan singhs) has been that her state was never kept in the loop.
in 2011, she embarrassingly pulled out of manmohans trip to dhaka at the last moment, spoiling chances of both the land boundary agreement and the teesta pact.
modi seems to have handled the mercurial banerjee a bit better, in the sense that the historic land agreement happened.
now the teesta accord, hanging fire since 1984, remains.
in a tactical move, banerjee has been singled out as the only cm whom modi has invited to be by his side at the hyderabad house, when the two train services and one bus service from kolkata to khulna, bangladesh, are launched.
as a high-level government source pointed out: many things can happen when leaders sit around the sofa and talk  informally.
this is first time that modi and banerjee will be in proximity after the bitter fallout over demonetisation.
theres another reason though.
like mukherjee, banerjee too has a personal equation with hasina.
and as a cm of a border state, banerjee needs to maintain good ties with dhaka, even if she continues to be a stumbling block to the teesta agreement.
new delhi: amazon on thursday wrote to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj apologizing for hurting indian sensibilities by offering doormats with the countrys national flag on it.
in response to eam @sushmaswaraj's tweet, @amazon writes to her, expresses regret at hurting indian sensibilities, pulls offending item pic.
twitter.com/tqrca10caz  vikas swarup (@meaindia) january 12, 2017amazon india is committed to respecting indian laws and customs.
to the extent that these items offered by a third-party seller in canada offended indian sensibilities, amazon regrets the same.
at no time did we intend or mean to offends indian sentiments, aggarwal said in his letter to swaraj.
the products were from a third-party seller and were listed to be sold in canada.
these products were not available in india.
after learning of the products listing, we immediately removed them from the canadian website and implemented measures to ensure that these products could not be sold on any of our other marketplaces of websites, aggarwal added.
the issue was brought to swarajs notice by one of her followers, who tagged her with a screenshot of the companys website selling indian flag personalised welcome doormats.
the minister asked the indian high commission to take up the matter with amazon at the highest level.
thereafter she asked the multi-billion dollar firm to tender unconditional apology and to withdraw all products insulting the national flag immediately.
if this is not done forthwith we will not grant indian visa to any amazon official.
india has been a lucrative market and to capture it, amazon has announced an investment of $ 5 billion in the country.
amritsar/new delhi : iran on saturday said it feels the nuclear agreement with the us is not in jeopardy even as it hit out at the us senate vote to extend the iran sanctions act (isa) for 10 years, which it said lowers american credibility.
the nuclear agreement is not a bilateral agreement but a multilateral agreement that came after everything failed, iranian foreign minister mohammad javad zarif said in new delhi.
his comments came after the us senate voted 99-0 this week to extend the isa.
iran maintains that the measure will be a violation of the joint comprehensive plan of action (jcpoa), a nuclear agreement between tehran and the group 5+1 (russia, china, the us, britain, france and germany).
asked if the sanctions meant that the nuclear deal is in jeopardy, zarif said, i dont think that the nuclear deal is in jeopardy, but noted that the resolution in the american senate dents the credibility of the us.
meanwhile, in a last-minute change of schedule, pakistan prime minister nawaz sharifs foreign policy advisor sartaj aziz reached amritsar on saturday evening.
earlier, he was scheduled to reach on sunday for the heart of asia conference and return the same day.
as he reached a day in advance, speculations were rife that he would have bilateral talks with india.
however, officials from the ministry of external affairs (mea) ruled out this possibility.
it was learnt that aziz rescheduled his visit citing the forecast of uncertain weather on sunday.
aziz is leading the pakistani delegation to the conference that focuses on regional cooperation between afghanistan and its neighbours to improve connectivity and tackle security threats in the war-torn country.
hours after his arrival, aziz attended a dinner where he exchanged pleasantries with prime minister narendra modi.
he also sent a bouquet to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at her residence in delhi, extending his wishes for her speedy recovery.
with swaraj indisposed, as she is unwell, finance minister arun jaitley will represent india at the ministerial conference.
modi and afghanistan president ashraf ghani will jointly inaugurate the ministerial deliberations of the conference, which will see over eight foreign ministers and dignitaries of 14 participating countries, on sunday.
modi and ghani paid obeisance at golden temple and were given a red carpet welcome.
bengaluru: three-day pravasi bharatiya divas which was held after two years ended with the announcement of pravasi bharath sammana awards on monday.
as many as 30 winners were honoured by president pranab mukherjee for their achievements in overseas countries.
two of the winners  dr gorur krishna harinath and dr sampatkumar shidaramapa shivangi  hail from karnataka.
drawing attention to mainstream issues, the president said, i want to draw your attention towards several nris who are temporary migrants in the gulf and south-east asia.
they toil day and night and save and send the fruits of their labour to maintain their families back in india.
these remittances are the largest by any diaspora.
at 12 per cent of the total global remittances, it amounted to $69 billion in 2015.
they are vulnerable abroad as they dont enjoy the privileges of citizenship in their host country.
people working in areas of strife and conflict are more at risk.
mother countrys role in assuaging their concerns has been satisfactory.
.
.
we have been able to bring back thousands of fellow countrymen from strife-torn nations.
i congratulate our dynamic external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and mos vk singh for the initiatives in this regard.
from gorur to australiadr gorur krishna harinath, who was honoured for contribution to community service in australia, is from gorur in karnataka.
the medical practitioner has worked for 20 years with the australian cricket team.
born in hyderabad, he studied in osmania university.
he is now heading multi-cultural relations chair of new south wales.
us doc has his roots in athanidr sampatkumar shidramapa shivangi from the us, who was honoured for community leadership, traces his roots to athani in belagavi.
he studied md in kmc hubballi.
having moved to the us 40 years ago, his most precious achievement was serving in the bush administration as white house adviser for health.
he is heading the state board of mental health in mississippi.
a video grab of kulbhushan jadhavs statement released by pakistan.
india has said that jadhav was tortured and video was recorded under immense pressure | express photo servicenew delhi: india is engaging all options in its arsenal by engaging with the pakistan government and leveraging it's influence with the us to put pressure on islamabad to see reason in the kulbhushan jadhav case.
the us national security advisor (nsa) hr mcmaster will be visiting india on his maiden visit to india on the weekend and he will be meeting prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, foreign secretary s jaishankar and his indian counterpart ajit doval.
doval is expected to raise the 'indefensible' verdict of pakistan's military court to kulbhushan jadhav, an innocent retired indian navy officer.
however, spokesperson gopal baglay did not comment on the issue but assured that the leadership is seized of the matter.
we will do all that is possible.
we are engaged, we are pursuing various options.
this is important as the un has made it clear that it will not intervene in the matter.
the indian government has also kept the option of communicating with the pakistan government option as the sense here is that the severe verdict is the result of tussle for power between pakistan military and government.
meanwhile, at corps commander conference organised in rawalpindi that was presided by pakistan army chief general qamar bajwa, the pakistan army showed its rigid position on matter.
the forum concluded that no compromise shall be made on such anti-state acts.
the indian government also invoked international norms that pakistan government is flouting by not giving them consular access to jadhav.
we don't know where is he (jadhav) in pakistan or we cannot ascertain what is his condition.
pakistan government has also not shared this with us.
.
.
.
international law says when one country's national falls into custody of another for whatever reason, baglay explained.
he further added that it is difficult for india to verify pakistan's claims that jadhav, an alleged serving indian naval officer on an alleged spying mission entered pakistan with original indian passport.
india has also raised the matter of disappearance of kulbhushan jadhav from chahbahar port, where he was doing business legally, with the iranian government.
and now the government would be following it up with iran to know the findings of its investigations.
as the national sentiment in india is focused on jadhav, pakistan military has also send feelers that it is not in a hurry to execute him.
he is likely to be used as a bargaining chip in larger negotiations.
the previous handling of indians by pakistan in the past doesn't augur well for jadhav.
in what is an election year in pakistan, jadhav's release anytime soon is an unlikely affair and he is going to be involved in a long drawn process in the country before his fate is sealed.
india might be taking a leaf out of its experience with what happened in the case of surjeet singh and sarabjit singh.
both of them had spent decades in pakistan jail before the former was released and latter was killed by jail inmates in a brawl.
hyderabad: now haj pilgrims can file their applications online and track the status of their application using a website or mobile application.
the website was officially launched on thursday by deputy chief minister mohammad mahmood ali at haj house after holding a review meeting on haj arrangements with various state departments.
the website, launched unofficially a week ago by the telangana state ministry of minority affairs and the telangana haj committee, has over 14,000 hits already.
a sms portal that sends out alerts dedicated to haj pilgrims too is under works, officials said.
with iran deciding not to send any of their citizens to saudi for haj this year citing bad management by saudi of a stampede that lead to the death of over 2,000 people.
saudi had earlier allotted india an additional quota of 20,000 haj slots.
efforts are in place to increase the number of haj pilgrims from telangana.
i have sent a letter to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to increase the quota of haj pilgrims in telangana by over 200, mahmood ali said.
prakash samaga byexpress news serviceudupi: veteran leader and former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was more than just a minister.
her motherly nature and twitter outreach had brought a lot of verve to her working style, and people of udupi had a great deal of respect for her.
she had helped many from this coastal district in times of distress.
one notable occasion was when she had successfully freed a kundapur youth from a kuwaiti jail last year.
shankar poojari from basroor, in kundapur, was languishing in a jail in kuwait for about seven months for unknowingly possessing banned medicine, and with the timely intervention of sushmaswaraj swaraj, poojari was bailed out and released from jail in january this year.
sushma had also helped many families from udupi district, including that of prashanth, who was shot dead by an unidentified man in munich, germany, in march this year.
prashanth, who was also from kundapur, lived with his wife, smitha, and their two children in munich.
sushma also assisted the grieving family by facilitating their travel to germany to conduct the last rites.
in the case of udupi-based nurse hazel mathias, who died in saudi arabia under mysterious circumstances in july 2018, sushmaswaraj got in touch with the government of saudi arabia and ensured early release of her body.
her family members had contacted mlc ivan dsouza for help in getting details of hazel.
ivan had contacted sushmaswaraj who helped them.
by ptibishkek: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday called on kyrgyz president sooronbay jeenbekov ahead of the sco foreign minister's meeting here and discussed ways to enhance bilateral ties by exploring the untapped potential.
swaraj arrived here in the kyrgyz capital on tuesday to attend a two-day meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) council of foreign ministers.
an important partner in central asiaeam @sushmaswaraj called on kyrgyz president jeenbekov ahead of #sco foreign minister's meeting in #bishkek.
visible enthusiasm to expand bilateral relations across all sectors, as both countries commit to explore the untapped potential.
pic.
twitter.com/hrm1rhzq5l  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) may 22, 2019in her first engagement in bishkek, swaraj on tuesday theld a productive discussion with her kyrgyz counterpart chingiz aidarbekov.
india became a full member of the china-dominated grouping in 2017 and new delhi's entry has increased the bloc's heft in regional geopolitics, besides giving it a pan-asian hue.
india is also keen on deepening its security-related cooperation with the sco and its regional anti-terrorism structure (rats), which specifically deals with issues relating to security and defence.
pakistan foreign minister shah mehmood qureshi will also attend the meeting.
last month, defence minister nirmala sitharaman attended the sco defence ministers' conclave in bishkek.
india was an observer at the sco since 2005 and has generally participated in the ministerial-level meetings of the grouping which focus mainly on security and economic cooperation in the eurasian region.
along with india, pakistan was also granted the sco membership in 2017.
the sco was founded at a summit in shanghai in 2001 by the presidents of russia, china, kyrgyz republic, kazakhstan, tajikistan and uzbekistan.
thiruvananthapuram: kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan wrote to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj seeking immediate action to rescue the 72 indians including keralites stranded at riyadh in saudi arabia.
they were brought from dubai for the riyadh king abdulla economic city project.
they are residing at the labour camp and have not been paid their salaries for more than a year.
though they have approached the indian embassy no action has been taken as of yet.
in his letter to the union minister, pinarayi pointed out that the labour permits those stranded have not been renewed and they are not able to move out of the labour camp.
he further went on to add that they are devoid of sufficient food and drinking water and are consuming the food provided by voluntary organisations.
since their company has not been paying rent, they are also facing the threat of eviction.
he urged the union government to immediately intervene into the issues and rescue the stranded people safety.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and union health minister j p nadda addressing a press conference after the union cabinet gave its approval for introduction of surrogacy (regulation) bill, 2016, at national media centre in new delhi on wednesday.
it has become a fashion especially with celebrities.
.
.
people do not want to go through the labour pain and pay money to another woman to go through that process, she said after the union cabinet cleared the surrogacy bill on wednesday.
she said that the new bill will check exploitation of poor women especially in the rural and tribal areas and prevent womb trade.
many bollywood celebrities like shah rukh khan, aamir khan and tusshar kapoor have opted for the surrogacy route to have children.
while both the khans have two elder children, tusshar kapoor opted for a surrogate child despite being single.
incidentally, swaraj who prefers to keep a low profile as the external affairs minister was seen in a new role on wednesday as she was roped in as the government was keen on using her gravitas to present its new proposal on the rights of surrogate mothers and she headed the group of ministers that helped draft the bill.
under the bill, couples going for surrogacy will also have to produce a certificate to prove that one of them is medically unfit to bear a child.
people already having one child cannot go for surrogacy.
myanmars state counsellor aung san suu kyi shakes hands with prime minister narendra modi before their meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on wednesday | (shekhar yadav/eps)new delhi: prime minister narendra modi on wednesday welcomed myanmars state counselor aung san suu kyi to her second home  india, which she is visiting after sweeping the myanmars first democratic elections in half a century.
ministry of external affairs (mea) spokesperson vikas swarup desribed her as the old friend from the east, as myanmars first foreign minister suu kyi began her maiden visit to india after her party came to power earlier this year.
i welcome her excellency to her second home.
it is an honour for us to receive you in india, prime minister modi said during a conference that followed his meeting with suu kyi.
suu kyi has spent her early years in india as her mother was posted here as a diplomat.
invoking the centuries old cultural connect, modi reiterated indias commitment to the development of myanmar.
india has a robust development cooperation programme with myanmarour societies enjoy centuries old cultural connect.
we offered assistance in restoring pagodas that were damaged in recent earthquake, modi said.
sharing a 1600 km long border with myanmar, india would want a strong and stable relation with myanmar.
security and border management are also important issues between the two countries as myanmar serves as the gateway for the geographically isolated north-eastern region of india with the south-east asian countries.
suu kyi, who as the first woman foreign minister of her country has been seeking to mend myanmars ties with china, had chosen beijing as her first destination for a foreign trip.
in august external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had visited myanmar with an invite for suu kyi to visit india.
the 70-year-old nobel peace laureate suu kyi in her meeting with swaraj has sought indias help for reconciliation in the country.
in her address during the joint conference with the prime minister modi she expressed her admiration for indias democratic credentials.
it is our ambition to bring peace and stability in our country and beyond because we have suffered from instability for a long time, suu kyi said.
suu kyi has been known as the democratic icon of myanmar.
and she said that the indian freedom fighters have been a source of inspiration for her.
we are inspired by gandhi, nehru.
we are confident that our countries can overcome challenges.
the time has come for us to say that, yes we can do this.
we have always admired india for being the greatest democracy in the world, she added.
among the issues of cooperation the asi will begin working on the restoration of two old temples and inscriptions of king mindon and king baygyidaw in bodh gaya.
both the countries have agreed to enhance their engagement in several areas including agriculture, power, renewable energy and power sector.
we have secured the release of 5 indians from kerala jailed in togo.
good work by indian mission in accra and consulate in togo (sic), she tweeted.
they were in jail since 2013 for their suspected involvement in a piracy attack off the coast of togo, according to reports.
the indians were employees of a merchant navy firm and were sailing on board a ship to south africa from mumbai when they were arrested.
new delhi: giving hint towards pakistans conspiracy to convict innocent indians, one of the sufi clerics, who had gone missing in pakistan, on monday revealed that one of the papers in the neighbouring country had printed false news of them being research and analysis wing (raw) agents.
nazim nizami, one of the two clerics, told the reporters that a newspaper ummat in pakistan printed false statements of them being raw spies.
there is a newspaper ummat (in pakistan) which has printed false statements (of the two clerics being raw spies) and photos, nizami told the media here.
the cleric thanked the indian government, prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, union home minister rajnath singh for their efforts.
the two clerics marked a safe arrival in india earlier today.
the duo will be meeting sushmaswaraj swaraj later in the day.
the two clerics surfaced in karachi and told that they had gone to meet their devotees in interior sindh, where there was no phone connectivity.
the clerics, identified as syed asif ali nizami and his friend nazim nizami, belong to delhi's hazrat nizamuddin dargah.
syed asif ali nizami is the head priest of the dargah.
the duo had travelled to pakistan to visit their relatives in karachi and then embarked on a pilgrimage to lahore.
one of them went missing in karachi and the other in lahore, reports claimed.
the indian authorities had raised the issue with the pakistan foreign ministry seeking its help in tracing their missing citizens.
she said the injured have been shifted to bangkok hospital by army helicopters.
the injured were shifted to bangkok hospital by army helicopters.
our mission has just informed me that we have lost pilot of the air ambulance arunaksha nandy.
dr shailendra and dr komal are in the icu.
the other two have sustained minor injuries (sic).
by ptibishkek: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her pakistani counterpart shah mehmood qureshi exchanged pleasantries during a sco meeting here on wednesday and sat next to each other during a joint call on on kyrgyz president, amid strained ties between the two nuclear-armed neighbours.
swaraj and qureshi attended the meeting of the council of foreign ministers (cfm) of shanghai cooperation organisation (sco), which was founded at a summit in shanghai in 2001 by the presidents of russia, china, kyrgyz republic, kazakhstan, tajikistan and uzbekistan.
also read| lanka & pulwama attacks have made india more determined in fighting terror: swaraj to scopakistani media reported that two leaders sat next to each other during a multilateral meeting of the foreign ministers of the shanghai cooperation organisation.
according to the photos published by the pakistani media, swaraj and qureshi were seen seated next to each other.
on being asked about the swaraj-qureshi meeting, the mea sources said the two leaders only exchanged pleasantries.
there was no meeting between them, they said.
the picture of the two leaders is from a joint call on on kyrgyz president sooronbay jeenbekov, they said.
they said the pakistani media report that the two leaders were seated next to each other at the sco meeting is factually incorrect and misleading.
the seating arrangement at sco follows the russian alphabet system which does not put india and pakistan together.
this is a standard practise at sco meetings, they added.
swaraj arrived here in the kyrgyz capital on tuesday to attend the sco foreign ministers meeting.
india was granted the membership of the sco along with pakistan in 2017.
meanwhile, pakistan's foreign office quoted qureshi as saying, today (i) met sushmaswaraj ji.
she had a complaint that we sometimes talk in a bitter manner.
she brought sweets today so we could also speak sweetly.
we made it clear to her that we want all the matters resolved through dialogue, and that prime minister imran khan had said in his very first speech that if india takes one step forward, we would take two steps forward, qureshi said.
he said, even today we are ready for a dialogue.
also read| 'conflict resolution' must for peace in south asia: pakistan foreign minister at sco meetearlier in islamabad prior to his departure, qureshi said besides addressing the inaugural session of the regional forum, he would also hold meetings with his counterparts from other countries.
tensions between india and pakistan escalated after the february 14 pulwama attack by pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammed (jem) terror group which killed 40 crpf personnel.
amid mounting outrage, the indian air force carried out a counter-terror operation, hitting a jem training camp in balakot, deep inside pakistan on february 26.
the next day, pakistan air force retaliated and downed a mig-21 in an aerial combat and captured an indian pilot, who was handed over to india on march 1.
by ptinew delhi: indonesian authorities have identified the body of indian pilot bhavya suneja who captained the ill-fated indonesian plane that crashed into the sea on october 29.
indonesian authorities have confirmed identification of the body of capt.
bhavya suneja.
the remains will be handed over to the family in the presence of @indianembjkt today.
my heartfelt condolences to the bereaved family, she tweeted.
the lion air flight, with 188 passengers and crew on board, crashed into the sea off indonesia's island of java, minutes after taking off from jakarta soekarno hatta international airport.
captain suneja, 31, was from delhi.
after completing his studies at ahlcon public school in mayur vihar, suneja received his flying licence in 2009.
indonesian authorities have confirmed identification of the body of capt.
bhavya suneja.
the remains will be handed over to the family in the presence of @indianembjkt today.
my heartfelt condolences to the bereaved family.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) november 24, 2018he married in 2016 and was based in jakarta.
also read | indonesia air tragedy: aviator pal recalls late bhavya suneja as great piloton the other hand, indonesian investigators on friday said that suneja and his colleague were battling multiple malfunctions almost as soon as the doomed flight began.
they faced a cacophony of warnings that started seconds after takeoff and continued for the remaining 11 minutes before the crash.
the alerts included a so-called stick shaker -- a loud device that makes a thumping noise and vibrates the control column to warn pilots theyre in danger of losing lift on the wings -- and instruments that registered different readings for the captain and copilot, according to data presented to a panel of lawmakers in jakarta thursday.
the data also showed that in the final seconds, as they struggled to pull the boeing co. 737 max 8 out of a dive that was being commanded by the planes flight computers, the pilots were pulling back on the control column with a force of as much as 100 pounds of pressure.
however, the data indicated that the plane was controllable -- the pilots had kept it under control for about 10 minutes before the final plunge -- and records from the previous flight of the same jet showed another set of pilots had an identical set of failures and landed safely.
new delhi: visiting chinese foreign minister wang yi on saturday met prime minister narendra modi here.
a morning for neighbourly engagement.
chinese fm wang yi calls on prime minister narendra modi, external affairs ministry spokesman vikas swarup posted on twitter.
wang is visiting india for holding talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on various issues of mutual interest.
wang on friday met goa chief minister laxmikant parsekar to review the logistics and security arrangements for chinese president xi jinping's proposed visit in october to the coastal state for the brics summit.
prime minister narendra modi with his malaysian counterpart najib razak looks as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj exchange the documents at hyderabad house in new delhi on saturday.
(photo | pti)new delhi: india and malaysia today inked seven pacts, including an air services agreement and a mutual recognition of educational qualifications of the two nations.
the pacts were exchanged in the presence of prime minister narendra modi and his malaysian counterpart najib abdul razak who is here on a state visit.
i would like more indians to visit malaysia and i have informed the prime minister that we have decided to allow no visa fee, online application approval within 48 hours and multiple entry to be accorded for indian nationals, najib said.
apart from the air services agreement, the two nations signed an mou on cooperation in the development of the proposed 2.
5 mt per annum urea and ammonia manufacturing plant in malaysia.
india has also proposed to offtake the existing surplus urea from malaysia.
agreements were also inked for cooperation in the field of sports and mutual recognition of the educational qualifications of the two nations.
a pact was also inked wherein entrepreneurship development institute of india (edii), ahmedabad will carry out training and other capacity building programmes on behalf of the human resource development, malaysia.
an agreement was also signed for technology development in the field of palm oil and implementation of fourth generation technology park in andhra pradesh.
new delhi: there are 301 indian fishermen in pakistan's custody but islamabad has confirmed custody of only 77 fishermen so far, said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
as per available information, presently there are 301 indian fishermen in pakistan's custody.
however, pakistan has confirmed custody of only 77 fishermen so far, she said.
the minister said that many incidents of apprehensions take place beyond the international waters.
in this context, under the community interaction programme, regular awareness campaigns are conducted by the indian coast guards in coordination with the state fisheries department, to educate the fishermen about the limits of the international maritime boundary line, she added.
several rajya sabha members demanded a detailed discussion on the issue and swaraj agreed to reply to their queries after a time is allotted by rajya sabha chairman.
by ptinew delhi: india slammed pakistan on friday for its statement that new delhi was not responding to its peace overtures, saying there was no seriousness in islamabad's offer for talks as it continued to extend explicit support to terror organisations and was now trying to mainstream them.
india's sharp reaction comes days after pakistan's prime minister imran khan accused it of not responding to his peace overtures.
responding to khan's comments, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said, i don't understand these statements.
even before imran khan became prime minister, our prime minister had called and congratulated him on his election win.
also read: talks and terror cannot go together, it applies to jammu and kashmir too: army chief bipin rawatprime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also wrote to their counterparts and congratulated them after they assumed office, he said at a media briefing.
kumar also posed questions to pakistan to hit out at the country for supporting terrorism and allowing terrorists to use its soil for targeting other nations.
when they say they are ready for talks, then why do their ministers share platform with internationally designated terrorists.
there have been many instances in the past few months when their ministers have shared a platform with such people, kumar said.
also read: india not responding to peace overtures: imran khanhe cited some instances such as pakistan's religious affairs minister noor-ul-haq qadri sharing a public platform with jamaat-ud-dawah (jud) chief hafiz saeed on september 30 where both of them made vitriolic anti-india statements and the terror organisation opening centres in pakistan-occupied kashmir.
in december, pakistan's interior minister met representatives of the jud terrorist organisation and openly pledged support to them, kumar said.
if pakistan is ready for talks then why no action has been taken against terrorists involved in the mumbai and pathankot terrorist attacks.
always the matter is brushed aside after talks, he said.
jud and falah-i-insaniyat foundation (fif) are no longer on the list of proscribed organisations after an ordinance banning them lapsed, he said.
it is clear that the explicit support that banned organisations used to get from pakistan is still continuing.
there has been no change in that, he asserted.
the more serious thing is that they are trying to mainstream terror organisations, kumar said.
islamabad wants to deflect attention from its own financial problems and it is doing that by giving statements about other countries, he said.
so this statement that they want to have talks, there is no seriousness in it and this should be backed up by some action, the mea spokesperson said.
on khan's statement on treatment of minorities in india, kumar said, pakistan should be the last country in the world to lecture us on the topic of plurality and inclusive society.
we and the world are fully aware how the minorities are treated in their country.
koppal:external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has once again come in with timely help of a bereaved family.
syed farooq basha quadri (25) from gangavati in koppal district was killed in a terrorist attack in south sudan on february 17.
shocked over the incident, s b quadri, father of the youth and a close associate of gangavati mla iqbal ansari, brought the incident to the notice of sushmaswaraj swaraj.
despite her ill-health, the minister responded earnestly by getting in touch with the indian embassy in sudan,quadri said.
earlier, the family and their relatives resided in kurnool in andhra pradesh where farooq did his schooling.
later, the family shifted to gangavati.
farooq was very intelligent and sportive during his childhood.
with the help of a relative, farooq got a job in sudan and shifted there, quadri added.
following the ministers timely help, the indian embassyofficials are making arrangements to ensure that the body reaches kurnool in a day or two, he said.
since most of our relatives are in kurnool, we will perform his last rites here, he added.
by ptinew delhi: hamid nihal ansari, the software engineer who has returned home after spending six years in a pakistani jail, met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday and narrated his ordeal.
officials said 33-year-old ansari, who came back to india on tuesday, became emotional while talking about the difficult phase of his life in pakistan.
ansari, who was accompanied by his mother and other family members, also thanked swaraj and the ministry of external affairs for persisting with the case and taking it up with islamabad.
welcome home, son!
indian national, hamid ansari returns home after six years of incarceration in pakistan.
eam @sushmaswaraj warmly welcomed him in delhi today.
pic.
twitter.com/vm4hxf2orc  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) december 19, 2018the mumbai resident, who returned to india after crossing the wagah-attari border, was imprisoned in the peshawar central jail after being sentenced by a military court on december 15, 2015.
according to official sources, india issued 96 notes verbales to pakistan seeking consular access to ansari.
the decision to release him was on account of relentless pressure from new delhi, they said.
shortly before his arrival on tuesday, ansari's mother fauzia ansari told reporters that the prayers of the family and of all those who wished for his safe return had been answered.
i am immensely happy today.
i don't have words to describe my feelings, she said.
his father, nihal ansari, said, it is a new dawn for us.
ansari was arrested in 2012 for illegally entering pakistan from afghanistan, reportedly to meet a girl he had befriended online.
his jail term ended on december 15 but he was not able to leave for india as his legal documents were not ready.
on thursday, the peshawar high court gave the pakistan government a month's deadline to complete his repatriation process.
in reply to a habeas corpus petition filed by his mother fauzia ansari, the high court was informed that he was in custody of the pakistan army and was being tried by a military court.
ramananda sengupta byexpress news servicenew delhi: hamid nihal ansari, the software engineer from mumbai who returned to india after serving three years in a pakistani prison for spying, on tuesday, met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi on wednesday with his family to express his gratitude and recount his ordeal there.
on the same day, minister of state for external affairs gen.
dr vk singh (retd) told the lok sabha in response to an unstarred question that there were 8,445 indian nationals in prisons in 68 foreign countries, and that 40 indians had died while serving their sentences in jails of 15 foreign countries.
(see graphic) ansari, now 33, was arrested by pakistani intelligence agencies and local police at kohat, near the pakistan-afghanistan border in 2012, after he reportedly entered pakistan to meet a girl he had befriended online.
when his mother fauzia ansari filed an appeal in a pakistani court through the indian mission there, she was told that he would be tried by a military court for espionage.
on december 15, 2015, he was sentenced to three years imprisonment by a military court for possessing a fake pakistani identity card, and lodged in peshawar central jail.
repeated appeals by indian officials seeking consular access to ansari, were denied.
though his term ended on december 15, he could not leave for india until december 18 as his legal documents were not ready.
he was finally released from mardan jail on december 18 and shifted to islamabad for the trip to the attari-wagah border, where he was received by jubilant family members and indian officials.
an emotional fauzia on wednesday said the credit should go to sushmaswaraj swaraj.
mera bharat mahaan, meri madam mahaan, sab madam ne hi kiya hai, she declared.
by express news servicenew delhi: the 12th india-uae joint commission meeting for economic and technical cooperation will be co-chaired by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj along with her counterpart sheikh abdullah bin zayed al nahyan in abu dhabi during her official visit to the gulf country from december 3-4.
with nearly usd 50 billion bilateral trade, the two countries are one of the largest trade partners for each other.
the emirates is the sixth-largest source of indias oil imports and hosts a 3.
3 million-strong indian community.
along with the uae foreign minister, swaraj would inaugurate a gandhi-zayed digital museum in abu dhabi to mark the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi and the birth centenary of shaikh zayed, founder of the modern uae.
new york: lambasting pakistans nefarious design on jammu and kashmir, minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday advised islamabad to abandon its dream of separating any part of india, saying jammu and kashmir is an integral part of india and will always remain so.
my firm advice to pakistan is: abandon this dream.
i can only say that jinke apne ghar shishe ke ho, unhe dusro par patthar nahi fekne chahiye.
(those whose houses are made of glass should not throw stones at others).
those accusing others of human rights violations would do well to introspect and see what egregious abuses they are perpetrating in their own country, including in balochistan.
the brutality against the baloch people represents the worst form of state oppression.
to shelter terrorists has become their calling card.
we must identify these nations and hold them to account.
these nations, in which un designated terrorists roam freely, lead processions and deliver their poisonous sermons of hate with impunity, are as culpable as the very terrorists they harbour.
such countries should have no place in the comity of nations.
did we impose any pre-condition before extending an invitation for the oath-taking ceremony of our government?
did we impose any pre-condition when i went to islamabad for the heart of asia conference and agreed to begin the comprehensive bilateral dialogue?
did we impose any pre-condition when prime minister modi travelled from kabul to lahore?
what pre-conditions?
we took the initiative to resolve issues not on the basis of conditions, but on the basis of friendship!
we have in fact attempted a paradigm of friendship in the last two years which is without precedent.
we conveyed eid greetings to the prime minister of pakistan, wished success to his cricket team, extended good wishes for his health and well being.
did all this come with pre-conditions attached?
and what did we get in return?
pathankot, bahadur ali, and uri she questioned.
she said bahadur ali is a terrorist in indias custody, whose confession is a living proof of pakistans complicity in cross-border terror.
but when confronted with such evidence, pakistan remains in denial.
it persists in the belief that such attacks will enable it to obtain the territory it covets.
my firm advice to pakistan is: abandon this dream.
let me state unequivocally that jammu and kashmir is an integral part of india and will always remain so, she added.
observing that this month the world marked the 15th anniversary of the 9/11 terror attacks on this city and less than 15 days ago, another attempt at killing innocents was made through an act of terror in this same city, the minister said, we, who have suffered in uri recently, understand the pain inflicted by the same forces.
the world has been battling this scourge for long.
however, despite the blood and tears of innocent victims, attacks this year alone in kabul and dhaka, istanbul and mogadishu, brussels and bangkok, paris, pathankot and uri as well as daily barbaric tragedies in syria and iraq, remind us that these malevolent forces are yet to be defeated.
calling upon the international community to acknowledge that terrorism is undoubtedly the biggest violation of human rights, swaraj added, it targets the innocent and kills indiscriminately.
terrorism has gone way beyond affecting individuals or nations  it is a crime against humanity itself.
but it is important to ask - who is behind this and who benefits from it?
terrorists do not own banks or weapons factories, so let us ask the real question: who finances these terrorists, who arms them and provides sanctuaries?
we heard similar questions being asked by afghanistan from this podium.
she said history proves that those who seed extremist ideologies reap a bitter harvest.
the germ of evil has grown into a hydra-headed monster, backed by technological sophistication that threatens the peace and harmony of our world.
we will not be able to win against terrorism by making specious distinctions between your problems and mine, between terrorists who attack you and those who attack me.
for we do not know who this frankensteins monster will devour next, she added.
noting that there is only one way to defeat terrorism that we unite across our differences, add steel to our resolve and inject urgency in our response, the eam said, we need to forget our prejudices and join hands together to script an effective strategy against terror.
this is not an impossible task provided we have the will.
we can do it, we must do it.
otherwise our future generations will forever hold us to account.
and if any nation refuses to join this global strategy, then we must isolate it.
a day after the arrest of an american national in hyderabad for sharing child sexual abuse material online, minister of women and child development maneka gandhi has tweeted tagging external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj asking that our visa rules be revised so that applicants are required to make a declaration of their criminal record in their country, if any.
the hyderabad police had on tuesday arrested an american national, john kirk jones, for downloading and uploading child sexual abuse materials (csam), known colloquially as child pornography.
the 42-year old american presently lives in hyderabad where he works for an mnc law firm.
the police team that nabbed him had recovered 29,288 items of csam, 490 gigatribe (a file-sharing site) profiles and 24 twitter profiles from which he allegedly shared such materials.
maneka gandhi tweeted from her official twitter handle saying the indian visa formats need to be revised to include declaration of criminal record so that foreign nationals with criminal record of child abuse don't enter india.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicejinnah house to come to life againthe majestic jinnah house, located opposite the official residence of the maharashtra chief minister, is likely to come to life once again soon.
the external affairs ministry has decided to take it over and develop it on the lines of hyderabad house at delhi, to be used as a venue for meetings with international delegates, union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has written to local mla mangalprabhat lodha, who had been following up the issue for a long time.
the father of pakistan, muhammad ali jinnah, built the house after he returned to india from self-exile in london in 1934, and stayed there until he left for pakistan on august 7, 1947.
vehicle test track makes greens see redmumbai has four regional transport offices, but none of them had the mandatory 250-metre-long track for testing vehicle fitness.
the bombay high court had directed the state government to have such a track in place.
however, when the state government finally handed over a piece of land to the regional transport office for the propose about a fortnight back, it made green activists in the city see red, as the track would be located in aarey colony in the western suburbs.
the activists feel that the track would disturb the area that forms the periphery of the jungle of sanjay gandhi national park, and lead to more pollution.
now the case is likely to go back to bombay high court.
monorail back on track?
the monorail project was primarily conceived as feeder to the metro rail projects in mumbai city.
but the route that was planned to connect mumbai central, in the heart of the city, to the refineries on the eastern coast could never really pick up.
difficulties in completing the elevated route in thickly populated central mumbai forced the project to remain confined only to a small portion.
when the possibilities of its expansion became visible, a series of accidents forced it to shut down.
finally, malaysian company scomi engineering abandoned the project halfway.
the mmrda, which owns the project, has now taken over the responsibility of running it.
this has revived hopes that the project would be back on the wheels again.
queens necklace turns 98mumbais iconic marine drive turned 98 this week.
work on this iconic pathway started on december 18, 1915 and was completed in 1920, says a plaque near girgaum chaupati.
the 3.
6-km road is a major attraction for tourists coming to mumbai.
it was built to enable the citizens to enjoy fresh air from the sea.
while this shows the foresight of the planners, the fact that the road never needed repairs for 72 years speaks about the quality of the work.
built by reclaiming 440 acres of land from the sea, the road is blessing during the monsoon, when huge waves crash on its sides and drench it.
abhijit mulyeour correspondent in maharashtraabhijit.
by iansnew delhi: the government has called an all-party meeting on tuesday to brief opposition leaders about the iaf attack on tuesday on the biggest training camp of the jaish-e-mohammed (jem), which had claimed responsibility for the pulwama terror attack.
the meeting has been called by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and will be held at 5 p.
m.
the pre-dawn operation saw 1000 kg bombs being dropped to target the camp that the foreign secretary vijay gokhale said was situated on a hilltop in a jungle in balakot.
swaraj's meeting with wang came a day after india destroyed a major jaish-e-muhammed (jem) terror training camp in pakistan.
china, a close ally of pakistan has repeatedly foiled india's attempts to brand jem chief masood azhar as a global terrorist by the un.
watch: sushmaswaraj swaraj raises pulwama concerns with chinese counterpart wang yithe jem, founded by azhar, has already been in the un's list of banned terror outfits.
in 2009, india had moved a proposal by itself to designate azhar.
this was followed in 2016 when india moved the proposal with the p3 - the united states, the united kingdom and france in the un's 1267 sanctions committee to ban azhar, also the mastermind of the attack on the air base in pathankot in january, 2016.
in 2017, the p3 nations moved a similar proposal again.
follow live updates: missing pilot wg cdr abhinandan son of retired air marshalhowever, on all occasions china blocked india's proposal on azhar.
i am visiting china at a time when there is grief and anger in india.
it is the worst terrorist attack directed against our security forces in jammu and kashmir, she said in her opening remarks during the meeting held on the sidelines of russia, india, china foreign ministers' meeting.
the attack was carried out by jaish-e-muhammed, the pakistan-based and supported terrorist organisation, she said.
forty central reserve police force (crpf) personnel were killed in a suicide attack in jammu and kashmir's pulwama district on february 14, sparking outrage in the country and international condemnation.
following the incident, india bombed and destroyed jem's biggest training camp in balakot in pakistan's restive khyber pakhtunkhwa province, about 80-km from the line of control (loc) early tuesday, killing a very large number of terrorists, trainers and senior commanders.
watch: after capturing iaf pilot, imran talks peaceafter the pulwama attack the entire un has spoken with full voice to condemn it, she said.
this is our first meeting this year.
therefore, an opportune time for us to take stock of our bilateral relations and look ahead for cooperation.
the india-china relationship is an important relationship for both of our countries, she said.
it is important for both sides to make sure the through and effective implementation of the guidance given by the two leaders, she told wang, adding that both side made efforts and we should sustain this.
watch: mi-17: india confirms loss of 1 plane and says 1 pilot is missingparticularly the decision taken by our leaders to maintain strategic communication between them provided an important foundation for the development of our bilateral relations.
this channel of strategic communication between the two of us and between senior officials should always remain open, she said.
wang said last year's wuhan meeting between modi and xi led the bilateral ties into a new stage.
led by the leaders, all aspects of our bilateral relationship are going well.
both nations and the international community are more optimistic of our bilateral relations.
in 2019 we are going keep working on the consensus of the two leaders, he said.
meanwhile, china on wednesday again called on india and pakistan to exercise restraint amid the escalation of hostilities between the two countries and urged them to engage in dialogue to uphold the peace and stability in the region.
also read | pakistan fm shah mehmood qureshi threatens to boycott oic meeting over swaraj's participationchinese foreign ministry spokesman lu kang's remarks came after pakistan targeted military installations in india in response to indian counter-terrorism strikes in balakot.
i understand that in the latest development pakistan says it had shot down two indian aircraft and captured indian pilots, lu told the media in beijing.
he said the international community is following the developments closely.
by ptinew delhi:prime minister narendra modi on monday held wide-ranging talks with maldivian president ibrahim mohamed solih with an aim to begin a new chapter in bilateral ties which came under strain under the previous regime in male.
solih arrived here sunday on a three-day state visit, his first foreign trip after assuming charge of the top office in the island nation a month ago.
modi had attended solih's swearing-in ceremony on november 17.
pm @narendramodi warmly received president @ibusolih ahead of delegation level talks.
during his visit to maldives for the president's inauguration in november, pm had extended an invitation to president solih to make a state visit to india, mea spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on solih and discussed bilateral and regional issues of mutual interests.
relations between india and the maldives deteriorated after then-president abdulla yameen imposed emergency on february 5 this year.
india had criticised his decision and asked his government to restore the credibility of the electoral and political process by releasing political prisoners.
the emergency lasted for 45 days.
chennai: new delhi will suffer losses if it plays taiwan card.
that stark threatening headline in the state-run global times is a clear indication of how upset beijing is over the visit of a taiwanese delegation to india.
by challenging china over the taiwan question india is playing with fire, says the editorial.
the warning comes barely a week before foreign secretary s jaishankars visit to china for the first india china strategic dialogue, finalised by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her chinese counterpart wang yi during the latters visit to new delhi in august last year.
quizzed on chinas official line, however, a foreign ministry spokesperson in beijing said that not all diplomatic activities are open to the public.
all that i can tell you is that the chinese side has lodged representations with the indian side.
in new delhi, mea spokesman vikas swarup played it down, saying that we understand that a group of taiwanese academics and business persons, including a couple of legislators, is visiting india.
such informal groups have visited india in the past as well for business, religious and tourist purposes.
i understand that they do so to china as well.
there is nothing new or unusual about such visits and political meanings should not be read into them.
china considers taiwan a renegade province and insists that every country clearly endorses a one-china policy which prohibits diplomatic relations with taiwan and recognises tibet as an inalienable part of china.
india, while publicly accepting the policy, hosts a trade delegation from the island nation.
a startled china had voiced strident protests when newly elected prime minister narendra invited the tibetan prime minister-in-exile lobsang sangay as well as the head of the taipei economic and cultural center in india, chung-kwang tien, to his swearing in may 2014.
new delhi has been quietly seething over beijing repeatedly vetoing its bid to join the nuclear suppliers group, scuttling its attempts to get jaish-e-mohammed chief masood azhar declared a terrorist, and building the multi-billion dollar china-pakistan economic corridor through pakistan-occupied gilgit baltistan, which india claims as its own.
recent events like allowing the dalai lama to visit arunachal pradesh and hosting the taiwanese delegation are seen by many as an attempt by new delhi to push back against chinese intransigence.
'if beijing does not respect india's sovereignty and concerns, should we not start questioning the one-china policy?
asked an academic who specialises in india-china relations.
new us president donald trump, who evoked much consternation in beijing after he accepted a congratulatory phone call from taiwans new president tsai ing-wen after his election victory and subsequently inviting a taiwanese delegation to his inauguration, was forced to publicly proclaim his endorsement of the one-china policy last week.
the assurance comes in the backdrop of certain insurgent groups from northeastern states using myanmar for launching attacks against india.
the indian army had carried out a major operation against these groups in june last year along the indo-myanmar border.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, today held talks with myanmarese leaders on key bilateral issues.
nay pyi daw: myanmar today gave an assurance that it will not allow any insurgent group to use its territory against india.
the assurance comes in the backdrop of certain insurgent groups from northeastern states using myanmar for launching attacks against india.
the indian army had carried out a major operation against these groups in june last year along the indo-myanmar border.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who arrived here on a day-long visit, held talks with myanmarese leaders on key bilateral issues, including cross-border activities by certain insurgent groups.
myanmar leadership assured that they will not allow any insurgent groups to use any territory for action against india, (that) they all recognised is a friendly country which has stood by people of myanmar and they look forward to a very productive partnership with india as myanmar continues on its journey of peace, progress and development, mea spokesperson vikas swarup told pti.
swaraj's visit also comes just days after the indian army had an encounter with nscn-k militants in nagaland who were trying to enter the country from myanmar.
while reports suggested that the indian army had crossed over to myanmar, it was officially denied by india.
in the first high-level visit from india after the civilian government assumed office here, swaraj called on president u htin kyaw and held extensive talks with state counsellor and foreign minister aung san suu kyi during which she conveyed india's commitment of all help to the new government.
describing india as a friendly country, myanmarese president told swaraj that he looks forward to a very productive partnership.
swaraj also discussed with the myanmarese leadership how india can help in myanmar's development efforts.
they discussed a number of areas of possible collaboration such as power.
india is already supplying 3 mw electricity to myanmar through the moreh-tamu link but this can be further upgraded, swarup said.
congratulating suu kyi on her party's victory in the first genuine election, swaraj assured her of all help.
by unicolombo: sri lanka has sought advice from india over its strategy on purchasing oil from iran in the light of tightening us sanctions during bilateral talks.
according to a statement published by the office of sri lanka's prime minister ranil wickremesinghe, the country's petroleum minister arjuna ranatunga has sought information on how india will act in the case of tighter sanctions from indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, sri lankan leading economic news agency 'economynext' reported.
read| relief for iran oil consumers as us indicates waivers on the waythe us has unilaterally withdrawn from the 2015 nuclear deal with iran and is set to reimpose the second wave of fresh sanctions on the islamic republic on november 5.
swaraj had explained india's strategy on india and has said sri lanka could also follow the process and promised further information.
india along with sri lanka is part of a the asian clearing union, a kind of net settlement system set up by a group of countries with central banks with inconsistent policy that operates failing soft-pegs with the us dollar and therefore have persistent foreign exchange shortages.
sri lanka's ageing state-run refinery, originally built by the soviet union, works best with iranian light crude, with other heavier crudes not generating enough light distillates.
thiruvanathapuram: twenty nine keralites stranded in damam in saudi arabia for the past two years following a visa fraud will be brought back to the state by next week.
they will be returning to kerala by next week, a bjp press release quoting the minister said.
two years ago, vishnuchandran and 28 others had gone to damam in saudi arabia but their sponsor refused to hand over their visas and passports to the company where they were working.
the keralites were facing immense hardships, the release said.
rajasekharan had written to swaraj ten days back, requesting her intervention in bringing back the keralites.
by ptivaranasi: a row has erupted over distribution of a booklet featuring m j akbar, who resigned as minister of state for external affairs following allegations of sexual misconduct by several women, to delegates at the pravasi bharatiya diwas here.
however, sources in the ministry said akbar is not at all associated with the event and that the booklet was published in may last year, months before he quit as minister.
the booklet highlighted achievements of the mea in the last four years and all the ministers in the mea featured in it.
akbar had resigned as junior external affairs minister in the wake of allegation of sexual misconduct during his tenure as a senior editor.
the alleged incidents came to light during the #metoo movement.
akbar had denied the allegations.
also read | defamation case: three more witnesses record statements in support of mj akbarthe booklet was published months before akbar quit as a minister.
an unnecessary controversy is being created which is very unfortunate, said a government official.
in the booklet, akbar also features in the inside pages as part of team mea alongside external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, mos general vk singh and others.
its distribution at the external affairs ministry's top event 15th pravasi bharatiya diwas, sparked sharp reactions from various quarters on social media.
featuring the #metoo accused as a star?
hasn't he resigned?
congress spokesperson priyanka chaturvedi tweeted in response to a post on the booklet.
a number of women journalists also took to social media to criticise akbar finding a place in the booklet handed out to nri delegates at the 15th pravasi bharatiya diwas here.
the theme of the event this year is, role of indian diaspora in building a new india.
prime minister narendra modi will inaugurate the pravasi bhartiya divas on january 22 in varanasi, his lok sabha constituency, while president ram nath kovind will grace the concluding function on january 23.
union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj with us secretary of state john kerry before a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
| ptinew delhi: in a move that will further isolate pakistan in the region, india and the us on tuesday announced the start of trilateral cooperation to strengthen and stabilise afghanistan.
visiting us secretary of state john kerry also talked tough with islamabad asking it to rein in terror emanating from its territory.
the three countries will start the trilateral cooperation next month on the sidelines of the 71st un general assembly, where pakistan has threatened to raise the kashmir issue.
i briefed secretary kerry on the continuing problem of cross-border terrorism that india and the larger region face from pakistan.
we both agreed that nations must not maintain double standards, such as the categorisation of good and bad terrorists, nor must they act as sanctuaries and safe havens for terrorist organisations.
the us secretary of state fell short of mentioning pakistan in his statement, but in reply to a question, he made it clear that it will not make any distinction between good and bad terrorists and urged justice for the mumbai and pathankot terror attacks.
in response to a query about the india-us-afghanistan trilateral meet, it is in indian and pakistan interest to have a peaceful and stable afghanistan.
as far as pakistan feeling isolated is concerned, we all are in touch with pakistan prime minister and army chief regarding the sanctuary being provided to haqqani network and let, said kerry.
kerry said that instead of feeling isolated, pakistan should see it as a roadmap for making its choices to combat terror.
pakistan on the contrary is not isolated, it should feel encouraged it can find roadmap for its own choices for tackling terror, said kerry.
kerry arrived in new delhi on monday after visiting bangladesh to discuss the means of combating terrorism with authorities in dhaka.
he was here to take part in the 2nd india-us strategic and commercial dialogue.
the us secretary of state is skipping islamabad during his south asia visit giving a signal loud and clear to indias western neighbour.
the cooperation between the three countries is crucial as new delhi has been wary of helping kabul as it might create unease in islamabad.
however, under the modi government, india has changed its policy of giving military aid to afghanistan, much to the discomfort of pakistan.
houston: the wife of indian engineer srinivas kuchibhotla, who was shot dead in an apparent hate crime by a navy veteran at a bar in olathe city, has said that she had her doubts about staying in the us but was assured by her husband that good things happen in america.
speaking at a news conference organised by gps-maker garmin where srinivas worked, sunayana dumala said reports of bias in the us make minorities afraid as she questioned do we belong here.
she said she now wonders what the us government will do to stop hate crimes against minorities.
dumala said she was concerned about shootings incidents in america and had doubted whether they should stay in the country, but her husband said that assured her saying that good things happen in america.
consul general of india in houston anupam ray is supervising the current situation and providing all possible help for the grieving family and the community in olathe area of kansas.
also read: absurd to correlate kansas shooting and president trump's: white houseimmediately when the incident occurred, consulate rushed deputy consul r d joshi and vice consul h singh to kansas to be with the family of srinivas at this trying moment, ray told pti.
ever since, they have been with the family of srinivas and have assured sunayna of all possible support and help at this grieving moment, he said.
the late srinivas kuchibhotla.
file photoconsul joshi also met the shocked and frightened indian community in olathe and alok madasani injured in the shooting on wednesday night.
madasani is now stable and has been discharged from the hospital.
a third person, an american man identified as ian grillot, 24, who tried to intervene also received injuries in the firing at austins bar and grill in olathe in kansas city in the us state of missouri.
a university of kansas hospital spokeswoman said he is in fair condition.
the incident evoked outrage from in the us and india with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj expressing shock over the incident.
i am shocked at the shooting incident in kansas in which srinivas kuchibhotla has been killed.
my heartfelt condolences to bereaved family, she said in a tweet yesterday.
the shooter, adam purinton, reportedly got into an argument with the victims in the terms of racism, and shouted get out of my country, terrorist before shooting them.
he reportedly provoked them into an argument asking about their presence and work in his country, and how they are better than him.
today, no country, big or small, is immune from this existential threat, particularly terrorism, actively supported and sponsored by states, she said.
in this digital age, the challenge is even greater, with a greater vulnerability to radicalisation.
sushma swaraj recalled that in 1996 india proposed a draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism (ccit) but lamented it has remained just a draft till today because we cannot agree on a common definition.
ensuring zero-tolerance towards terrorism, and those who use it as an instrument of convenience, is the need of the hour, she said.
the second threat, she said, is the threat of proliferation of wmds.
thirdly, she said, developing and under-developed nations are the worst victims of climate change, with neither the capacity nor the resources to meet the crisis.
we have risen to meet the challenge.
india, in partnership with france, launched the international solar alliance (isa) with the participation of 120 countries, sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
in her address, she also outlined the five elements of india's global engagement over the last four-and-a-half years.
in particular, prime minister's strategic vision of sagar has spurred a qualitative transformation in india's engagement with the indian ocean region in recent years, she said.
our revitalised act east and think west paradigms have further broadened the reach of our strategic and economic neighbourhood.
with this 'diplomacy for development' approach, each global interaction is now focussed on building partnerships to promote our transformative flagship programmes such as make in india, smart cities, digital india, amrut and namami gange, she stated.
third, we are focussed on making india a human resource power to be reckoned with by connecting our talented youth to global opportunities.
this is being achieved through skill india partnerships with several countries, as well as under the aegis of the gian programme and various private sector partnerships under digital india.
fourthly, the external affairs minister said, india is building sustainable development partnerships stretching from the indian ocean and pacific islands to the caribbean, and from the continent of africa to the americas.
these initiatives have expanded; both in geographical reach and sectoral coverage, and now include lines of credit and grants, technical consultancy, educational scholarships and a range of capacity-building programmes, she said.
whether it is by founding the international solar alliance, which will benefit our energy security and also combat climate change; or our active role in humanitarian and disaster relief operations in our neighbourhood; or our membership of key institutions of global governance - india is a proactive and constructive contributor to promoting and upholding global peace and security, she said.
this year's raisina dialogue, which is in its fourth edition, is being attended by over 600 delegates from 92 countries, including influential political leaders, strategic thinkers, policy practitioners, technology innovators, business representatives and academics.
new delhi: even as the shock of the uri terror attack was sinking in, the central government has decided to launch a diplomatic offensive to isolate pakistan on international forums.
meanwhile, condemnation of the dastardly attack that has caused the largest number of casualties of indian security personnel in a single day in kashmir poured in from across the globe.
the ongoing un general assembly was expected to witness a verbal conflagration between india and pakistan over the kashmir issue, but the uri attack has further vitiated the atmosphere between the two arch rivals.
indian diplomats will be armed with actionable evidence against islamabad to be presented at the international bodies if the need arises.
pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif, who has already reached new york, is expected to raise the kashmir issue during his speech.
the indian permanent mission would be issuing a statement after hisaddress.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will be leaving for the unga on september 24 and will be addressing the assembly on september 26.
swaraj will be taking on pakistan as all preliminary evidence in the uri attack is pointing towards it.
the decision to avoid a knee-jerk reaction was taken at a high-level meeting chaired by the prime minister at his official residence to assess the situation.
the meeting was attended by union homeminister rajnath singh, defence minister manohar parrikar, finance minister arun jaitley, army chief dalbir singh, national security advisor ajit doval and other officials.
meanwhile, russia, the un secretary general and france have condemned the uri attack even as the toll in the attack climbed to 18 on monday.
condemning the attack, russia expressed concern over intensified terrorist attacks along the line of control.
it is also worrisome that, according to new delhi information, the uri military unit was attacked from pakistani territory, russia said in a statement.
it had earlier cancelled a military exercise with pakistan in pakistan-occupied kashmir after concerns were raised by india.
un secretary general ban ki-moon hoped the perpetrators of the crime would be brought to justice.
the united nations is following the developments closely and shares the concerns of people living in the region for peace, said a statement issued by ban's spokesperson in new york.
a french foreign ministry statement also condemned the attack saying, france most firmly condemns the terrible terrorist attack perpetrated on 18 september against an indian army camp in theregion of kashmir.
it conveys its condolences to the families of the 17 indian soldiers killed in this attack.
france remains at india's side in the combat against terrorism.
it calls on every state to fight effectively against terrorist groups operating on their territory or from their territory against other countries, it said.
by ptiwuzhen: in a significant gain for india in its push to isolate pakistan internationally on the issue of terrorism post-pulwama attack, china and russia on wednesday agreed for a closer policy coordination to eradicate the breeding grounds of terrorism.
their commitment came at the conclusion of the russia, india and china foreign ministers' meeting here in the east chinese city.
we agreed to jointly combat all forms terrorism through closer policy coordination and practical cooperation.
especially important is to eradicate the breeding grounds of terrorism and extremism, chinese foreign minister wang yi said at the end meeting summing up the discussions on terrorism, specially in the backdrop of the february 14 pulwama terrorist attack.
also read | pakistan suspends flight operations in punjab, khyber pakhtunkhwa provincesthe mention of the breeding grounds of terrorism by wang is significant as india justified its airstrikes on pakistan saying that they were directed against the terror camps of the jaish-e-muhammad (jem) in balakot in khyber pakhtunkhwa province.
india on tuesday bombed and destroyed jem's biggest training camp in balakot, about 80-km from the line of control (loc), killing a very large number of terrorists, trainers and senior commanders.
the chinese foreign minister, however tried to cautiously tread the fine line by highlighting that pakistan, which is a close ally of beijing, is also opposed to terrorism.
china, russia and india have reaffirmed our strong opposition to terrorism in various forms and manifestations.
at the same time, we believe that pakistan has always been opposed to terrorism, he said at the joint press conference with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and russian foreign minister sergei lavrov.
elaborating on china's stand wang said on the recent developments between india and pakistan, china appreciates the statements from indian and pakistani friends saying that they will exercise and avoid escalation of the situation.
he said china for its part is playing a constructive role as a mutual friend.
also read | pakistan pm imran khan calls meeting of top decision-making body on nuclear issuesas a mutual friend to both india and pakistan, we do hope that they can conduct dialogue to establish facts through investigation to keep things under control, maintain peace and stability in the region.
in this process, china is playing a constructive role and not the opposite, he said.
answering a question on whether there were differences between india and china on the pulwama incident, swaraj pointedly referred to wang's comments on eradication of breeding grounds of terrorism and the agreement on close policy coordination.
as far as the joint strategy is concerned, you just heard foreign minister wang yi's speech.
what he said during his concluding statement, he reiterated here and he said that we would cooperate on eradicating the breeding grounds of terrorism.
this is not only a common strategy for the three of us, but it is resolution for the three of us.
wang yi said this during his concluding remarks and reiterated it here, she said.
watch: surgical strike 2: pak foreign minister on what happened at balakotterrorism is a threat to the humanity that is why not only for our three countries, we also need a global strategy.
we need global cooperation, she said and cited references to terrorism in the joint statement.
on the one hand we have gained consensus on the un led counterterrorism mechanism, while alongside we have also discussed the india proposed comprehensive convention on international terrorism (ccit) mechanism should also be soon finalised and adopted, she said.
regarding pulwama, i just told you both during my bilateral meeting with wang yi and also in the trilateral platform i strongly put forth india's perspective, she said referring to her speech outlining india's case against pakistan and new delhi's defence for the airstrikes against jem targets.
in her speech at the ric ministers meet, swaraj referred to pakistan's reluctance to take any action after the pulwama incident.
the joint statement issued at the end of the ric ministers' meeting also spoke strongly against terrorism.
also read | iaf chopper crashes in budgam district of jammu and kashmir, two deadin the statement, the ministers called on the international community to strengthen un-led global counter-terrorism cooperation by fully implementing the relevant un security council (unsc) resolutions.
it said the the global counter-terrorism strategy should be in accordance with the charter of the united nations and the principles of international law while respecting sovereignty and independence of all states, and expeditiously finalising and adopting the un comprehensive convention on international terrorism at the earliest.
they reiterated that states and their competent agencies play a central role in both national and international counter-terrorism efforts.
they also stressed that terrorist groups cannot be supported and used in political and geopolitical goals, the statement said.
those committing, orchestrating, inciting or supporting terrorist acts must be held accountable and brought to justice in accordance with existing international commitments on countering terrorism, it said.
the ministers stressed that those committing, orchestrating, inciting or supporting terrorist acts must be held accountable and brought to justice in accordance with existing international commitments on countering terrorism, including the un global counter-terrorism strategy, relevant un security council resolutions and the financial action task force standards.
colombo: the tamil nadu coordinator for the kachchativu st. anthonys festival, fr.
sahayaraj, had asked for a postponement of the event fixed for sunday, but the jaffna diocese had informed him that it could not be postponed for reasons beyond their control, reliable sources in the tamil nadu catholic church told this correspondent.
however, personnel of the jaffna diocese could not be contacted to confirm this.
according to sources, fr.
sahayaraj had on thursday, sought from the jaffna diocese through an email, a postponement of the festival in view of the growing fishermens agitation in tamil nadu over the killing of a young rameswaram fishermen allegedly by a sri lankan naval rating on monday.
the diocese came back to fr.
sahayaraj later in the day, with a negative reply.
arrangements continued to be made by the sri lankan navy to receive 4991 pilgrims from tamil nadu with dinner packets for saturday evening and breakfast and lunch on sunday.
in the normal course, the pilgrims would have attended the main mass on sunday at 9 am, had lunch and sailed back to tamil nadu later in the afternoonearlier in the day on saturday, a sri lankan caholic priest involved in organizing st. anthonys feast, told a sri lankan tv channel that the pilgrims want to come for it but are being prevented by the agitators.
the agitators are asking for the arrest of the sri lankan navy man; have rejected the compensation offered by the tamil nadu government; and are insisting that indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj should see them and give them a concrete assurance that the guilty sri lankan navy man is arrested and there will be no more shootings.
but neither swaraj nor any of the other two junior external affairs ministers have come.
the on-going election process in uttar pradesh is cited as the reason for the ministers inability to respond.
that the indian government has not issued a single statement condemning the killing and expressing sorrow is a major grievance of the fishermen.
the sri lankan government has already denied that its navy had done the shooting as the shooting is alleged to have happened on the indian side of the maritime boundary line, which the sri lankan navy never crosses.
however, the government has announced a thorough inquiry based on gps data which will hopefully prove that no sri lankan naval vessel was on the indian side of the imbl.
but the fishermen contend that the bullets recovered were from a military self-loading rifle (slr).
sri lanka is yet to set up a court of inquiry or say how the matter will be investigated.
due to the intervention of indias vice president hamid ansari who took up the issue with sri lankan president maithripala sirisena in indonesia on the sideline of the recent indian ocean summit, the indian and sri lankan governments agreed to release fishermen held by them.
orders were passed on friday to release 53 of the 85 indian fishermen in sri lankan custody.
on monday, the rest will be released too.
the speculation is that the sri lankan government will in all probability do nothing more than what it has already done (release of the fishermen but not their boats).
perhaps, it hopes that the issue will peter out in a while.
the solution probably lies in either sushmaswaraj swaraj or a senior minister visiting the agitators and giving them an assurance that the government of india will ensue that the sri lankan side does not resort to the use of firearms of any kind of violence against indian fishermen in the future as it is part of the commitment made at the indo-sri lanka joint working group on fishing.
only sri lankan fishermen are currently participating in the kachchativu festical.
the sri lankan navy had renovated and expanded st.anthonys chapel.
the renovation was executed for the diocese of jaffna by the sri lankan navy, free of charge.
the navy also helps conduct the festival as per the wishes of the diocese of jaffna.
by ptilondon: uk police has launched a murder investigation after an indian-origin man was found stabbed in a supermarket car park near london.
the 24-year-old is yet to be named officially but has been identified locally as mohammed nadeemuddin from hyderabad.
thames valley police said he was rushed to the hospital from the car park of tesco supermarket in wellington street in slough, on the western suburbs of london, but died from his stab wounds on wednesday.
the victim's next of kin have now been made aware and are being supported by specially trained officers, detective superintendent ian hunter, head of the thames valley police major crime unit, said.
also read | hyderabad youth stabbed to death in london, family seeks mea's helpi understand that this would have caused concern in the community, but i would like to offer some reassurance to the public that we do not believe this incident to be a random attack, and that the people involved in the incident are believed to be known to one another, he said.
the police said its officers were still in the early stages of the investigation and are working hard to establish the full circumstances and establish witnesses.
we are still continuing in our attempts to locate and bring the offender or offenders to justice.
there will be a continued police presence in the area conducting reassurance patrols, hunter said.
he appealed for anyone with information relating to the incident to come forward and speak to the police.
the police also urged the public not to share images of the incident on social media, but instead to report these to the police.
the 'scene watch' which was in place at the scene of the attack has also now been lifted, and the covered car park at tesco has been reopened.
according to media reports from india, the victim's india-based family members are looking into travelling to the uk and have sought the help of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
bengaluru: after a bengaluru based woman was allegedly strip-searched at frankfurt airport, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought a report on this issue.
raveesh - plz send me a report on this.
@cgifrankfurt (sic), swaraj tweeted to indian consul general in frankfurt raveesh kumar.
on wednesday, 30-year-old shruthi basappa, who was traveling from bengaluru to iceland was asked to strip during a security check by frankfurt airport officers.
she took the issue to social media, alleging racial profiling, which drew the attention of media and authorities concerned.
shruthi basappa's facebook post said, i would like to know if it is regular protocol to ask passengers to remove their clothing, be it their underwear as part of 'random security checks'.
i am an indian passport holder, my husband is icelandic and i have an icelandic residence permit and we were on our way to our next transit flight to berlin.
we were travelling to iceland from india, via frankfurt with our 4-year-old daughter when i was asked to move aside for this 'random check', no explanations offered.
i was taken into a room, and was asked to lift my dress/ take it off so that i could be checked to make sure i wasn't 'carrying anything under my clothes.
this whole ordeal happened in front of my 4-year-old.
i was given no explanation as to why i was put through this ordeal.
i specifically requested for a regular scan, using whatever equipment is in place despite the fact that i had just gone through a body scan, given that 1.
it is absolutely ridiculous to be stripping in an airport no less, for no reason.
2.
it is violating.
my constant requests to be patted down gently because of a recent abdominal surgery (proof of which i was carrying in hand) was constantly ignored and resulted in being shouted at aggressively by the woman in charge.
she then proceeded to call her supervisor who parroted the same lines about how they wanted me to take my dress off.
i would really like to hear from the #frankfurtairport authorities if this is the norm?
why are passengers being asked to take their clothes off?
i hate to play the race card here, but i was the only person pulled aside and peeking at my husband instantly changed the woman's mind about the strip search that was now a regular pat down.
i'd appreciate a response from you at the earliest.
a large section of twitter users criticised the act of the frankfurt airport officials.
raja sampath @raja_beach_boy tweeted, racism is how europeans have thrived through their history.
stupid to expect them to be otherwise now!
debarati majumder @debarati_m tweeted, shruthi basappa was victimised at frankfurt airport because of her skin color.
kochi: relatives of three keralites who are among the five indians serving jail sentence in the uae for allegedly spying for the country are seeking appointment with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj when she visits kozhikode to attend the bjp national council meeting to be held from september 23.
the indians serving prison sentence in the uae are muhammad ibrahim, 42, a native of muvattupuzha; manarthadi abbas, 46, of malappuram; shihani jamal muhammad of thiruvananthapuram (under trial); thennarasu arumugham of chennai; and rajasthan-native mohammed mukthar.
according to relatives, the five men were trapped by two officials of the indian embassy in the uae.
we have been trying for an appointment to meet sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi, to bring our plight to her attention.
now, we have learnt that she will be attending the bjp national council meeting in kozhikode.
we are hopeful of meeting her, said hameed, brother of abbas.
according to him, shafiq, brother-in-law of muhammad ibrahim, has sought the help of rajya sabha mp and actor suresh gopi and bjp-kerala president kummanam rajasekharan to meet the external affairs minister during her visit to kerala.
sushma swarajs intervention has helped bring back several indians trapped in war-torn regions, and it is hoped that she would use her good offices to rescue the indians languishing in the uae jail, said hameed.
earlier, express had reported that the ministry of external affairs convened a meeting of relatives of the five indians jailed in the uae, in april in new delhi.
however, there has been no progress in the matter after that.
muhammad and abbas were working as port-coordinator and basin supervisor, respectively, at the meena port in abu dhabi.
they are serving jail sentence of ten years (plus one million dirhams fine) and five years, respectively.
new delhi: the recent attacks on indians in the us are hate crimes and not a simple law and order issue, the government said today with an assertion that national interest will not be compromised for the sake of strategic partnership with that country.
making a statement in the rajya sabha, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj expressed confidence that the trump administration will not let these incidents become a trend and is keeping a close watch on it.
we do not treat these incidents as law and order matter.
it is not as simple as that.
from our side, we are saying that these are 100 per cent incidents of hate crime, she said, adding that the investigation should be carried out from such a perspective.
the minister was making statement on three incidents of attacks on indians in the us.
on february 22, 32-year old srinivas kuchibhotla was shot dead by a us national in kansas city, while on march 2 harnish patel, a us national of indian origin, was shot dead.
on march 4, deep rai, a us national of indian origin, was shot by an unknown person in kent near seattle.
we are taking up this matter at the highest level.
she said the us administration is saying that the attacks were individual acts of hate crimes and no trend should be seen in these incidents.
cpi leader d raja voiced apprehension that the strategic partnership could come in the way of india taking up this issue with the us.
.
.
do not think that we will remain silent because of strategic partnership.
the strategic partnership is secondary.
first comes the security and safety of our nationals.
the minister said that the manner in which the us government has responded, india hopes that these incidents would not become a trend.
i want to assure the house that despite having a strategic partnership and good relations with the us, the safety and security of indians remains our top priority.
we will never ignore that, the minister said.
she said india is in continuous dialogue with the us government on this issue.
through embassy and consulates, she said, close contacts are being maintained with the local indian community groups to address any emergent issues.
we will remain vigilant to developments impacting the lives of indian abroad and do everything possible to safeguard their interests and welfare, she said.
the government has taken up this issue with the us governments at a very high level and conveyed our deep concerns.
the us authorities have responded strongly and assured us that they are working with all concerned agencies to ensure speedy justice, the external affairs minister added.
she said there has been widespread condemnation of these incidents by the us leadership, both in the administration and the congress and in this context, she referred to statements made by president donald trump and others.
seeking clarifications from swaraj on her statement, cpi(m) leader sitaram yechury asked whether the government is treating these incidents as law and order matter or growing hate atmosphere in us.
he said there is a certain degree of xenophobia being developed in the us and that is reflecting in this sort of hate against outsiders.
if the assesment is that it is part of growing trend, yechury asked what would be the response of the government and foreign policy towards us.
jd(u) leader sharad yadav complemented swaraj for her efforts in this matter.
t subbarami reddy, who has raised this issue in the house on march 16, said this is a serious matter and asked the government to take it up at the highest level with the us president to prevent these type of incidents in the future.
raja said: ever since the change of the government in the us, the people of indian origin, people of india living there are living with great sense of fear and insecurity.
we have strategic partnership with the us that should not prevent us to raise our independent voice, he added.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's active use of the social media to help indians in distress abroad came to the fore again on wednesday when she assured a 16-year-old girl that the indian embassy in the uae will help her father caught in a fraud case.
anjali mohan tweeted she needed help as her father was trapped in a fraud case in the united arab emirates (uae) but was not involved.
i am just 16 so i don't know, anjali said.
late on wednesday, sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted: anjali -- i hv sent a word to the ambassador.
(the) indian embassy in abu dhabi will contact you and help.
a couple of days back, sushmaswaraj swaraj also helped a couple going abroad for their honeymoon after the wife lost her passport.
new delhi: uk high commission today said it will speak to sarod maestro ustad amjad ali khan, a day after his visa application was rejected.
we don't comment on the detail of individual cases, but can confirm we will offer to speak to mr khan about how he should apply for the correct type of visa to do what he wishes to do in the uk, a british high commission spokesperson said on refusal of visa to the internationally renowned musician.
the 70-year-old artiste, who was to perform at the royal festival hall next month, had said that he was shocked and appalled at the rejection of his visa application.
tagging foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in his tweet, khan had written, my uk visa rejected.
extremely sad for artists who are spreading the message of love & peace @hci_london @meaindia @ukinindia @sushmaswaraj.
shocked & appalled.
#uk visa rejected.
scheduled to perform at the #royalfestivalhall in sep @hci_london @meaindia @sushmaswaraj @ukinindia, he further wrote.
performing almost every year in #uk since the early 70s.
upset to have my visa rejected @hci_london @meaindia @ukinindia @sushmaswaraj, he added.
expressing disappointment over the denial of the travel document, amjad's son amaan ali said, this has never happened before.
.
.
he is someone who has worked all his life for the country and peace.
the government should take interest why they (uk) are doing this.
israeli president reuven rivlin gestures as he arrives at the air force station airport, new delhi on monday.
| express photo by shekhar yadavnew delhi: israeli president reuven rivlin, first president of the jew nation-state to come to india since 1996, landed in mumbai on monday with defence and trade ties on his mind.
during his six-day long visit in two decades, president rivlin attended a ceremony at taj hotel that was attacked during the mumbai terror attack on november 26, 2008 that claimed jewish lives as well.
six jews were killed when 10 gun wielding terrorists from karachi landed on the shores of indias commercial capital and also targeted jewish locality in chabad house.
he also laid wreaths at mahatma gandhi memorials and indian soldiers who scarified life during world war-i.
in an interview to the pti, rivlin also extended support to indias fight against terrorism.
terror is terror is terror, whoever carries it out and whoever are its victims.
and we all have the duty to condemn in our words, and fight with our deeds against this terrible evil, he added.
india imports 50 percent of israels total arms sale.
he arrived in delhi late monday evening and is scheduled to meet president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
accompanied by a big delegation comprising of businessmen and academicians, president rivlin has a busy itinerary that saw him traveling to uttar pradesh and chandigarh.
he will be accompanied by arm manufacturers who will be holding parleys with indian government officials.
while embarking on his india trip, the israeli president took to social networking site twitter to tweet in hind where he said: rashtrapati mukherjee ke nimantran par udyog or shiksha jagat ke pratinidhimandal ke sath bharat ki rajakiya yatra pe ravana ho raha hun (departing on a state visit to india at the invitation of president mukherjee, with a delegation of industry, academic heads).
the israeli president will be visiting some of the institutions that has been built with the help of tel aviv  an israeli treatment plant in agra and an indo-israeli agricultural projects center of excellence in karnal.
he will also be visiting taj mahal.
by ptinew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met her bulgarian counterpart ekaterina zaharieva on saturday and the two discussed a range of bilateral issues including those related to the economy, agriculture and health.
swaraj is on a two-day official visit to bulgaria, the first ever of an indian external affairs minister to the balkan nation, according to the ministry of external affairs.
straight to work!
foreign minister of #bulgaria @ezaharievamfa welcomed eam @sushmaswaraj ahead of the delegation level talks in #sofia.
two countries are natural partners based on the foundation of deep historical and cultural linkages dating back to 8th century, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
preparing the ground for expanding the relationship.
eam @sushmaswaraj held constructive meeting with deputy prime minister & foreign minister of #bulgaria @ezaharievamfa.
discussed a range of bilateral themes in economy, agriculture, health & pharma, it, s &t, tourism & culture, he said in another tweet.
swaraj's visit is a follow-up to the state visit of president ram nath kovind to bulgaria in september last year.
she will interact with the indian community and friends of india in sofia during the visit.
the external affairs minister will visit the kingdom of morocco from february 17-18.
she will be spain from february 18-19.
new delhi: a local court on tuesday sent four persons including a tourist guide, who were arrested on the charge of sexually assaulting a us tourist here earlier this year, to two-day judicial custody.
four accused were presented before a duty magistrate, who remanded them to judicial custody till december 29, defence counsel sandeep kapur told ians.
advocate kapur is appearing for vivek, an accused in the case.
aniruddha singh, a nepal-based tourist guide, omprakash, maqsood and vivek were arrested from different cities during raids conducted by delhi police.
among the accused, omprakash was a driver, maqsood a helper and vivek a bell-boy at the hotel where the crime occurred.
police initially identified vivek from the duty register of room service as he was the first to enter the victim's room on the day of the crime.
police recorded the victim's statement last week when she arrived in delhi from america.
as per her complaint, the 30-year-old american tourist was gang raped at a luxury hotel in the first week of april this year.
delhi police had registered an fir earlier this month on the complaint of the woman as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj intervened in the matter.
the victim had filed a police complaint with the help of an ngo early december, saying that the accused drugged her and sexually assaulted her for two days and also made an mms.
the accused have, however, denied the charge.
a test identification parade is likely to be held in tihar jail and police are searching for the fifth accused, who is on the run, sources said.
washington: a 26-year-old indian man was shot dead allegedly by two masked armed robbers at a convenience store of a gas station in the us' washington state, his family said on friday.
vikram jaryal, who was working as a clerk in the store at am-pm gas station in yakima city, was behind the counter when two masked people came in and robbed the store yesterday.
police said the clerk handed the suspects money, but one of the suspects fired at him.
jaryal was taken to the hospital where he later died.
the victim was able to tell officers what happened when they arrived a few minutes later; but tragically, he died a short time later at the hospital, the police was quoted as saying by the nbc right now channel.
jaryal hailed from hoshiarpur district in punjab and had shifted to the us about a month ago, his elder brother told pti.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj condoled the tragic death after she was informed about the incident by the victim's brother through twitter seeking her help to bring back the body.
my heartfelt condolences on your brother's tragic death.
police are investigating the case and are now looking for two men caught on surveillance camera leaving the store.
somebody knows something.
somebody knows these people.
the still photos show a very recognisable top that one of the suspects is wearing, mike bastinelli, yakima police department said.
the shooter wore a black hoodie with patches of white on the back, mike said.
by ptibeijing: china on tuesday urged india and pakistan to exercise restraint and asked new delhi to carry out its fight against terrorism through international cooperation, hours after indian fighter jets struck jaish-e-mohammed's biggest camp in pakistan in a pre-dawn attack.
when asked for china's response to india's air strikes on terrorist camps in pakistan, chinese foreign ministry spokesman lu kang told the media here that we have taken note of the relevant reports.
i want to say that india and pakistan are both important countries in south asia.
a sound relationship and cooperation between the two serves the interests of both the countries and peace and stability in south asia, he said.
we hope that both india and pakistan can exercise restraint and do more to improve their bilateral relations, he said.
india bombed and destroyed jaish-e-mohammed's biggest training camp in pakistan early tuesday, killing a very large number of terrorists, trainers and senior commanders, officials said in new delhi.
on india's assertion that it was a non-military pre-emptive strikes directed against training camps of the terrorist groups who are carrying out violent acts in india, lu said, as for india's claim on taking action against terrorism, well fighting terrorism is a global practice.
also read | iaf air strike: jem was attempting more suicide attacks; pre-emptive strike was necessary, says foreign secretaryit needs necessary international cooperation.
india needs to create favourable condition internationally for the same, he said.
to another question, he said pakistan foreign minister shah muhammad qureshi has spoken to his chinese counterpart wang yi on the pulwama terror attack in jammu and kashmir.
during the phone call, wang listened carefully to pakistan foreign minister's notification and proposals on the issues and reaffirmed his opinion that the two sides need to advance their cooperation in the counter terrorism for peace and stability in the region, the spokesman said.
lu's comments came ahead of russia, india and china (ric) foreign ministers' meeting at chinese city of wuzhen on wednesday in which external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is due to take part.
the pulwama terror attack and india's air strikes on the terrorists training camps were expected to figure in the her talks with wang and russian foreign minister sergei levrov.
the issue of listing of jem chief masood azhar in the un 1267 committee was also expected to figure in their talks.
by unichandigarh: two aam aadmi party (aap) members of the punjab legislative assembly, whose entry to canada was denied at ottawa airport on july 21, 2018, are now eligible to enter canada at any time in future.
this development has come to light with the second letter of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to the punjab vidhan sabha speaker rana k p singh.
expressing serious concern over the discourteous treatment to aap mlas kultar singh sandhwan and amarjit singh sandoa at the canadian airport, speaker rana k p singh wrote to the external affairs minister for an action in the matter on july 25.
in the letter to the speaker, the union minister said that the indian high commission in ottawa has strongly raised this matter with the canadian government, seeking the circumstances and reasons for this deplorable action by the canadian immigration authorities.
she further wrote, i have been informed that the canadian border services agency has conveyed to our mission in ottawa that due to privacy legislation they are unable to provide further details in the matter.
however, they have also conveyed that mr kultar singh and mr amarjit singh are eligible to return to canada, if they choose to do so, at any future time.
we will continue to pursue such matters with the canadian side to ensure that such incidents do not recur in the future.
i also urge you to kindly ensure that government of india's guidelines on foreign travels are followed by legislators in the future and our mission and posts in canada are kept informed about such travels, she added.
expressing gratitude for the external affairs minister's efforts in the matter, rana k p singh has advised all the mlas to follow the prescribed procedure for their visit to abroad including obtaining of political clearance from the ministry of external affairs and providing prior information to indian missions abroad, even for their private visits.
by ptikathmandu: india will play a supportive role in nepal's development, prime minister k p sharma oli today said, ahead of his maiden visit to india since assuming office to strengthen bilateral relations, according to a media report.
oli will be on a three-day visit to india from april 6 during which he would hold talks with prime minister narendra modi and call on president ram nath kovind and vice president m venkaiah naidu.
i am visiting india to strengthen bilateral relations.
india will play a supportive role in nepal's development, oli was quoted as saying by the himalayan times.
the nepalese premiere's entourage will include ministers, members of parliament, secretaries and other high-ranking government officials, the report said.
oli also said that china was ready to support nepal's development the government is committed to achieving the goals of good governance and prosperity, he said, adding, we will give impetus to development because if we do not do that we cannot achieve the goals of sustainable development.
oli stressed the need for modernisation through science and technology.
he also said that his government would adopt a policy of zero tolerance towards corruption.
ambassador of india to nepal manjeev singh puri said india wanted to see a prosperous nepal and happy nepalis, according to the report.
oli's visit is in line with the tradition of a nepalese premier visiting india on his first overseas trip.
congratulating oli over phone upon his appointment to the top executive post in february, prime minister modi had extended an invitation to him for a visit to india.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had visited nepal before oli took office to congratulate him for the historic victory of the left alliance in nepal's parliamentary and provincial elections.
oli, widely regarded as pro-china, had last month said he wants to update relations with india in keeping with the times and favours a review of all special provisions of the indo-nepal relations, including the long-established practice of nepalese soldiers serving india's armed forces.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today spoke to one of the two clerics of delhi's hazrat nizamuddin dargah, who were later traced after going missing in pakistan.
i just spoke to syed nazim ali nizami in karachi.
he told me that they are safe and will be back in delhi tomorrow, she said in a tweet.
pakistan had yesterday conveyed to india that the two missing clerics had been traced and that they had reached karachi.
syed asif nizami, the head priest (sajjadanashin) of hazrat nizamuddin aulia dargah, and his nephew nazim nizami -- had gone to pakistan on march 8 and were to return to india on march 20.
the main purpose of the visit of 80-year-old asif to pakistan was to see his sister in karachi.
yesterday, swaraj had spoken to pakistan prime minister's adviser on foreign affairs, sartaj aziz, regarding the case.
according to pakistani media reports, both clerics had been in interior sindh where there was no communication network and thus could not tell their relatives about their whereabouts.
earlier, pakistani sources had said the two clerics were in the custody of pakistan's intelligence agency over their alleged links with the muttahida qaumi movement (mqm).
the clerics were offloaded from karachi-bound shaheen airlines on march 14 at the allama iqbal international airport, lahore, the sources claimed.
new delhi:new delhi, march 17: the tumultuous relation between india and its neighbour in the west has been hit by the mysterious missing of two clerics of nizamuddin dargah that has been attributed to pakistan intelligence agencies picking them up for questioning.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has taken up the matter with the government of pakistan.
the duo  80-year-old syed asif nizamia and his nephew nazim ali nizami had entered pakistan via karachi on march 8.
it was part of the tradition of two-way exchange of clerics between the two countries as the hazrat nizamuddin dargah in delhi is associated with gharib nawaz, who is venerated in data darbar lahore.
they had met their relatives in karachi before flying out to lahore.
the clerics had already paid obeisance at the data darbar lahore, and on their way back nazim went missing at the lahore airport on march 16 and asif vanished on his arrival at the karachi airport.
since then both were untraceable and all efforts to contact them on their mobiles proved futile.
the indian official sources suspect foul play in the whole episode.
why would someone check visa for a domestic flight, days after they entered pak through karachi?
official sources said.
pakistan media has been reporting that the two have been picked up by intelligence agencies on account of their suspicious movements.
we have taken up this matter with government of pakistan and requested them for an update on both the indian nationals in pakistan.
/4  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 17, 2017indian nationals syed asif li nizami aged 80 years and his nephew nazim ali nizami had gone to pakistan on 8 march 2017.
/1  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 17, 2017syed asif ali nizami is head priest (sajjadanashin) of hazrat nizammuddin aulia dargah.
rourkela: union tribal affairs minister jual oram on saturday inaugurated a passport seva kendra (psk) on the premises of rourkela head post office, solving the problem of long wait for passport.
jual said he, along with union minister dharmendra pradhan and rourkela bjp legislator dilip ray, had held discussions with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on setting up of a psk at rourkela.
he said in due course, two more psks would be opened in sambalpur and koraput districts.
earlier, people of odisha were depending on the passport office at bhubaneswar.
but with the launch of psk at rourkela and two more passport offices coming up at sambalpur and koraput, the residents of western odisha would not have to travel long distance to avail the service, jual added.
he also hoped that the people of rourkela would benefit immensely as troubles faced by them in getting passport related services would be removed at the local level.
he said businessmen, corporate executives, students, overseas job-seekers, tourists and pilgrims from sundargarh district and its neighbourhood areas would benefit from the psks.
sources said the new facility would save time and travel cost of the people here.
after submission of online application, the psk would ensure that an applicant need not travel to bhubneswar as it can provide photograph and biometric evidences here itself.
chief post master santosh kamila, regional passport officer digbijoy giri, sundargarh district collector bs poonia and rn pali mla subrat tarai were present at the inaugural event.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday assured an impartial probe into the alleged racial attack on some nigerian students in uttar pradesh and promised action against the guilty.
the moment i got information about the attack, i immediately sought a report from the uttar pradesh government.
i also talked to chief minister aditya nath yogi and asked him for a public assurance of an impartial probe into the matter, swaraj informed the rajya sabha.
watch video: mob at noida mall brutally attack nigerian studentsshe said that aditya nath has assured of an impartial probe into the monday night attack on four nigerian students by a crowd in greater noida, some 40 km from the national capital.
the mob targeted the african nationals blaming them for drug running following the death of a teen due to suspected drug overdose.
unless the probe is complete, it will not be appropriate for me to say anything on the matter, added swaraj, after janata dal-united member sharad yadav raised the matter in rajya sabha.
the (up) administration there is ensuring peace and security as well as treatment of the injured nigerian students.
i assure the parliament, there will be an impartial probe and action will be taken against whoever found guilty, she said.
islamabad: pakistan has not stopped afghan traders from moving products to india through the wagah border, authorities said after afghan president ashraf ghani warned islamabad to open the land border or lose transit route to central asia.
pakistan is fulfilling its commitment to the afghan people by providing them a trade transit facility, foreign office spokesman nafees zakaria told bbc urdu on saturday.
he clarified that under islamabad's bilateral agreement with kabul, afghanistan could export goods through pakistan but indian goods could not be imported into afghanistan through pakistan.
zakaria's remarks came after president ashraf ghani threatened to block pakistan's land access to central asia if it did not allow afghan traders to take their goods to india through wagah land border checkpost.
if pakistan does not allow afghan traders to use the wagah border for imports and exports of their goods, afghanistan will also not allow pakistan to use afghan transit routes to reach central asia and other countries for exports, ghani said in a meeting with britain's special envoy for afghanistan and pakistan owen jenkins in kabul on friday.
a spokesperson for pakistan's trade ministry contended that the afghan leader was practically seeking concession for india as afghan trucks were already allowed to deliver their goods to india.
however, as per the existing arrangement, they were not allowed to carry back indian goods.
giving concession to india is unlikely at this stage, the official told dawn, alluding to worsening ties with delhi.
connectivity through wagah is still far away.
indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had at the last heart of asia ministerial conference in islamabad expressed her country's desire to join the afghanistan-pakistan trade and transit agreement.
the pakistani official dismissed president ghani's statement as a political stunt.
it's not new.
he (ghani) gave a similar statement last year as well during his visit to india and is again scheduled to travel to delhi next week (september 14), he recalled.
pakistan is reportedly considering other routes as well for reaching tajikistan, bypassing the war-ravaged afghanistan, he said.
there are plans for getting chinese help in linking china-pakistan economic corridor with kyrgyzstan and tajikistan as well as corridor 5&6 of carec (central asia regional economic cooperation), which will establish connectivity between pakistan and central asia.
president ghani, meanwhile, also pointed out in his comments that afghanistan was no more entirely reliant on pakistan for its external trade as it has got other routes for exports and imports.
he was referring to the trade route india is helping to build linking iran's chabahar port with afghanistan.
meanwhile, afghanistan's bilateral trade with pakistan is on the decline.
according to some estimates, it has gone down by 50 per cent over the past few months because of border issues.
last month, the chaman border crossing remained closed for almost 14 days, while in june the torkham border crossing remained closed for a week.
afghan exports that mostly consist of fresh fruits suffer the most because of these closures.
by ptinew delhi: hamid nihal ansari, the software engineer who returned home after spending six years in a pakistani jail, told external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj that he landed up in the neighbouring country in pursuit of the girl he was in love with.
asked about the meeting at a media briefing thursday, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said swaraj enquired about his wellbeing during their interaction.
eam did ask how he landed up in pakistan.
he did explain that through a twist of circumstances.
.
.
what he said was that he was in love with a girl and in pursuit of that girl he followed her and landed up in pakistan, kumar said.
he was arrested on the suspicion of being a spy.
the girl for whom he had gone to pakistan actually testified in his favour that he had come to meet her, but he was put in jail.
he had to spend more than the time for which he was sentenced, kumar said.
read | hamid nihal ansari back home, says will find job, wife but won't reopen 'old wounds'ansari was arrested in pakistan in 2012 for illegally entering the country from afghanistan, reportedly to meet a girl he had befriended online.
authorities in pakistan had slapped charges of espionage against him.
sources said though the girl testified in a court in ansari's favour, he could not meet her.
they said ansari had applied for visa in pakistan high commission but it was not granted to him.
the mumbai resident, who returned to india tuesday after crossing the wagah-attari border, was imprisoned in the peshawar central jail after being sentenced by a military court on december 15, 2015.
she was replying to a written question in the rajya sabha yesterday on the impact of new visa and travel policy of the us on indian professionals.
she also said the government has been engaging with the us administration and the us congress at the senior levels regarding movement of skilled professionals.
as against rs 2,150.
52 crore received by it, india has given rs 4,478.
84 crore to other countries, the minister said.
by aninew delhi: the delhi government on wednesday announced a two-day state mourning as a mark of respect for senior bjp leader and former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who passed away due to a cardiac arrest, late night on tuesday.
delhi government has announced a two-day state mourning as a mark of respect in the memory of former chief minister and country's senior leader respected sushmaswaraj swaraj ji.
this means there will be no entertainment events during this period.
all other government business and programmes, including the anganwadi programme at ig indoor stadium, will continue as scheduled, said aap-led delhi government in a statement.
read | india loses its peoples minister, a powerful oratorin a series of tweets, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal expressed grief and paid tribute to the prolific leader.
india has lost a great leader.
sushma ji was a very warm and remarkable person.
may her soul rest in peace.
she was the former cm of delhi.
delhi will pay its respects by observing state mourning for two days, stated kejriwal in a tweet.
sushma ji was former cm of delhi.
delhi will pay its respects by observing state mourning for two days https://t.
co/bmcmzaoez7  arvind kejriwal (@arvindkejriwal) 7 august 2019india has lost a great leader.
sushma ji was a very warm and remarkable person.
may her soul rest in peace.
arvind kejriwal (@arvindkejriwal) 7 august 2019kejriwal along with deputy chief minister manish sisodia also paid their last respects to sushmaswaraj swaraj, at her residence in the national capital.
read | rip sushmaswaraj swaraj: super mom who rescued stranded indiansswaraj passed away due to a cardiac arrest on tuesday night.
she was admitted to all india institutes of medical sciences (aiims) following a deterioration in her health.
according to sources at aiims, the 67-year-old was feeling restless at 9 pm and reached the hospital at around 9:30 pm in an ambulance.
a team of doctors tried to revive her for 70 to 80 minutes but failed in their attempt.
swaraj was declared dead at 10:50 pm.
swaraj was appointed the foreign minister in the first term of modi government in 2014.
she opted out of the 2019 lok sabha elections citing health reasons.
karachi: indian prime minister narendra modi is looking forward to visit pakistan in november to attend the saarc summit, india's high commissioner said in comments published on tuesday.
gautam bambawale also told an event here on monday that while india and pakistan must certainly discuss the entire range of issues, they must keep their focus on economy which he described as a low-hanging fruit.
i can't say about the future but as of today prime minister modi is looking forward to visiting islamabad for the saarc summit in november, the dawn quoted bambawale as saying at an interactive session of the karachi council on foreign relations.
his comments came amid reports that modi might keep away from the saarc summit in view of the rising tensions between india and pakistan, particularly over jammu and kashmir.
bambawale said that it was india's desire to see a pakistan which was moderate, prosperous and stable and at peace with itself, its neighbours as well as the rest of the world.
he admitted that trust and confidence was lacking in relations between new delhi and islamabad.
the road to normalization of pakistan-india relations, he said, lay through greater trade and business, the roadmap for which was prepared by the two governments in 2012.
the total trade between the two countries was worth just $2.
5 billion a year while its potential was of $20 billion, the dawn quoted him as saying.
the indian envoy said that even when tensions were high between the two countries, there had been contacts at the operational level.
over the past month and a half, there had been cordial interactions between pakistani and indian border forces.
bambawale referred to indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's and modi's visits to islamabad and lahore respectively in december last year.
but on january 2 this year, terrorists -- who india says came from pakistan -- attacked the pathankot indian air force base.
he said the indian government had been saying: let's work together to get to the bottom of terrorism which was a headache not only for pakistan but for india and the world.
in an obvious reference to the kashmir dispute, bambawale said the two countries should not be talking on just one issue, rather on all issues.
he said india had taken a stand in the 1960s and 70s that new delhi and beijing must talk on the boundary problem before moving on to other issues.
but this was reversed in 1988.
today china was one of india's largest trading partners, he pointed out.
asked about indian atrocities in jammu and kashmir, the high commissioner said indians were as concerned about the people of kashmir as anyone else in the world.
but issue of jammu and kashmir was domestic and you should focus on your problems, he added.
bambawale said the problem with china-pakistan economic corridor (cpec) was that it went through pakistani kashmir whose ownership is disputed by islamabad and new delhi.
he also mentioned how pakistan had refused consular access to alleged raw agent kulbhushan jadhav, arrested in pakistan, while india gave consular access to a pakistani terrorist, bahadur ali.
we have offered pakistani authorities full consular access to him, he said in reply to a question about indian involvement in balochistan.
by ptinew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has hinted that any bilateral cricket series between india and pakistan is unlikely unless pakistan stops cross-border terrorism and firing.
the agenda of the meeting was 'relationship with the neighbourhood'.
responding to a query on india-pakistan cricket series on a neutral venue, the external affairs minister hinted that it seemed unlikely until pakistan stopped cross-border terrorism and firing, the member said.
she clarified that terrorism and cricket can't go hand in hand, the member said.
members also sought to know from the ministry various aspects of the recent maldives-china free trade agreement and increasing proximity between the two nations and its impact on india.
the ministry in its reply said that the relationship between india and maldives remained close and cordial.
it also mentioned about the increasing defence cooperation between the two nations.
mumbai: morning on a six-day visit to india to further strengthen bilateral ties.
rivlin, who landed at the mumbai airport with a large delegation of businessmen and academicians, will leave for delhi today.
he will meet prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and visit several sites of co-operation and joint projects between the two nations.
the israeli leader will join president pranab mukherjee in opening an agro-tech conference in chandigarh.
he will also pay his respects at the sites of the 2008 mumbai terror attacks in mumbai and lay wreaths at memorials for mahatma gandhi and for indian soldiers, who fell in the world war-i.
six jews were killed at the mumbai chabad house during the mumbai terror attacks on november 26, 2008.
rivlin will also hold meetings with senior indian officials and with leaders of the jewish community.
i am departing now on an important visit to india, an important ally and close friend of israel, a state with whom we have much in common, rivlin said before he boarded the flight to mumbai.
israel and india are both countries of innovation and of inspiration.
countries that have ancient traditions, but have built strong and thriving hi-tech economies, and now celebrate 25 years of diplomatic relations.
this visit is a sign of the strong relations and friendship between our peoples, and i hope will plant the seeds for that friendship to grow closer and closer, he said.
the academic delegation accompanying rivlin includes presidents and senior representatives of israeli academic institutions, who are expected to sign separate agreements with indian institutions.
new delhi: virtually turning down pakistan's proposal that it would invite india for a dialogue on j&k, india today made it clear that it would talk on contemporary and relevant issues in indo-pak relations and at this time it included stoppage of pak-supported cross-border terrorism.
india would welcome a dialogue on contemporary and relevant issues in india-pakistan relations.
at this time they include a stoppage of pakistani support for cross-border terrorism, infiltration of terrorists like bahadur ali.
incitement to violence and terrorism across the border, parading of internationally recognised terrorists like hafiz saeed and syed salahuddin, and sincere follow up on the mumbai attack trial and the pathankot attack investigation in pakistan, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said.
he was replying to a question on a statement by prime minister's advisor on foreign affairs sartaj aziz at a press briefing yesterday that pakistan would invite india for a dialogue on jammu & kashmir for which the pakistan foreign secretary would be writing to his indian counterpart.
our foreign secretary would formally be writing to his counterpart in this regard, aziz had said as he briefed the media about the pakistan's envoys conference held on august 1 -3 to deliberate on major foreign policy challenges of pakistan and make recommendations.
threat of terrorism dominates global concerns today.
it is an issue which has confronted indian diplomacy for many years because of its cross border manifestation.
at the international level we are also putting the spotlight on early conclusion of a comprehensive convention on international terrorism, sushmaswaraj added.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought a report from the indian high commission in pakistan about a man lodged in a jail there for the past 32 years.
quoting a story published on a website, swaraj today tweeted, i have asked indian high commissioner in pakistan to send me a report on this.
the website said singh has been languishing in kot lakhpat prison for the past 32 years.
a leader of imran khan-led pakistan tehreek-e-insaf party, azizullah khan, had asked singh's family to send documents related to appeal for freeing him, it claimed.
singh is believed to have ventured into pakistan while shepherding buffaloes in 1985 where he was arrested by pakistan rangers, it said.
in the meantime, she assured that the indian government would extend the visas of chris newman and his wife michele, which are due to expire on october 7 as they ran from pillar to post for getting a passport for their daughter lily.
when will britain give lily a passport?
the development came four days after the newmans' plight was first highlighted in the indian media by ians (september 14), about the britons who are living in a small rented flat in mumbai and fast running out of resources.
they faced hassles in taking their surrogate daughter lily to the uk as her british passport was not yet ready.
apparently moved by the plight of the newmans of epsom in surrey, sushmaswaraj on september 14 gave a heart-warming tweet: we will help (you) with extension for your visa.
pl(ease) give your details.
the problems were compounded by the fact that the newmans' indian visas would expire on october 7 - leaving them with the only option of keeping lily in an orphanage till her passport was issued.
however, after the latest assurance tweeted by sushmaswaraj - to extend their visas till britain issues lily's passport - would prove to be a big relief for the newmans, who are now in their 40s.
in fact, they had applied on june 3 for a british passport for lily who was born in may.
but processing delays with the international checks at the uk passport office has effectively left them stuck in india.
frustrated by the delays, they put up a petition a few weeks back, on social media site, change.org saying: we are proud new parents to our amazing daughter lily, who was born in mumbai through surrogacy in may 2016.
we travelled to mumbai for lily's birth and to bring her home to epsom in surrey.
however, we have been left stranded because of delays due to uk passport office (hmpo) checks and may have to leave our three-and-a-half-month-old daughter with a complete stranger as we are forced to leave by the indian government, the newmans expressed their apprehensions.
living in a one-bedroom flat in mumbai, they described how they were unable to venture out with lily because of the monsoon rains or extreme heat coupled with poor local surroundings.
we have now run out of money to live on due to the weakened pound from the brexit (britain voting to exit the european union) vote and having to keep up our mortgage payments on our uk home, they said.
they said the foreign and commonwealth office had twice asked them to be prepared to leave lily in india.
lily is now starting to laugh and giggle like all babies her age, but little does she know that her safe, secure and nurtured world she lives in with her mum and dad could be turned upside down in less than 27 days, they said.
after the british media highlighted the newmans' plight, sushmaswaraj swaraj defended india's surrogacy (regular) bill, 2016 in a series of sharp tweets.
.
.
.
will the advocates of commercial surrogacy suggest a solution and help this baby?
commercial surrogacy is banned in britain.
.
.
will british government give a british passport to this surrogate baby?
.
.
.
should orphanage be the destiny of a surrogate baby?
the minister asked.
but on a more humane note, she advised the newmans to acquire a british passport for their child as orphanage is not an option for baby lily.
new delhi: expressing despair over the disappearance of two indian sufi clerics in karachi, the congress on saturday called the incident as tragic and alarming for the nation.
i think it is very tragic and alarming.
right now, we can only pray for our two sufi pilgrims who are important for our country and as a symbol of peacemakers for the world.
we can just pray that they return home safely without any loss coming to them in any way, senior congress leader salman khurshid told ani.
he added that nothing can be done about what is happening in a neighbouring country, except put pressure, seek information and give reminders.
we all know what situation in pakistan is, its a very difficult situation.
there are repeated incidents of kidnapping, violence, operations of different forms of terrorism and so on, khurshid said.
it has emerged that pakistan intelligence agencies are behind the disappearance of two indian sufi clerics missing since thursday, reports suggest.
two clerics, asif nizami and nazim nizami, had gone to karachi to meet their relatives after which they headed to lahore to visit the shrines of sufi saints.
syed asif ali nizami is the head priest of new delhi's hazrat nizamuddin dargah.
pakistan foreign office spokesperson nafees zakaria also acknowledged that an indian request seeking assistance for the recovery of two clerics had been received.
guwahati: police on saturday registered a case against five persons, including a guide, for allegedly gang-raping an american tourist at a five-star hotel here.
on friday a complaint was filed by an ngo alleging that an american tourist had been gang-raped by five men in connaught place in march.
the complaint alleges that five men entered the womans room on the pretext of some tour and travel-related work and raped her, police said.
according to the police, the victim said that she did not approach them as she was scared and returned to the us.
the accused had also threatened her of dire consequences if she told anybody about it, the complaint said.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted promising quick action in the case.
prime minister narendra modi arrived in astana, kazakhstan thursday to attend the two day summit of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco), during which india and pakistan will be inducted as full members of the outfit which includes china, kazakhstan, kyrgyzstan, russia, tajikistan, and uzbekistan.
in a facebook post before leaving for the kazakh capital, modi said india will become a full member of the sco upon which sco will represent over 40 per cent of humanity and nearly 20 per cent of global gdp.
india, which so far had observer status in the group, was formally invited to join as a full member last week by russian president vladimir putin during modis visit to st petersburg.
apart from improving trade and economic ties with member countries, the membership will also strengthen indias strategic position in central asia.
following their induction, both india and pakistan are expected to follow the tashkent-based regional anti-terrorism structure, and participate in the joint military exercises conducted annually by the group.
the ministry of external affairs spokesman gopal baglay said counter-terror collaboration with members of the sco, such as china and pakistan, was a possibility.
we participate with many countries, including pakistan, in the un peacekeeping operations, and terrorism is a fight which is incumbent on all countries, he said.
modi met kazakh president nursultan nazarbayev in astana thursday, and is expected to meet chinas president xi jinping to discuss issues like chinas belt and road project and beijings opposition to indias membership in the nuclear suppliers group.
however, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj ruled out any bilateral meeting with pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif during the summit.
given the increasingly acrimonious india-pakistan relationship, it would be interesting to see the kind of anti-terror collaboration between them under the sco umbrella.
new delhi: minister of state for external affairs m.j. akbar is in palestine to co-chair the first joint commission meeting (jcm) between india and palestine on november 8-9.
the palestinian side will be co-chaired by its foreign minister riad al-maliki, said a statement issued by the ministry of external affairs here.
india and palestine enjoy historic bilateral ties.
in order to give a further impetus to this bilateral relationship, it was agreed to establish this jcm during external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's visit to palestine in january.
the proposed jcm would cover a range of issues, including cooperation in economy, energy, tourism, agriculture, water and environment, education, health, it, sports, culture, media etc.
akbar will also be visiting jordanian capital amman on november 10 for bilateral talks with his counterpart and other dignitaries.
new delhi: the government on wednesday approved a bill which bans commercial surrogacy in all its forms and allows only altruistic surrogacy that too within close relatives.
the surrogacy (regulation) bill, 2016, which was cleared by the union cabinet, allows only legally wedded indian couples to opt for children through surrogacy.
it bars unmarried couples, single parents, live-in partners and homosexuals from opting for surrogacy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who headed the group of ministers, which cleared the bill said.
the gom, headed by swaraj, had recently cleared the bill and referred it to the union cabinet for a final call.
the gom was constituted at the behest of the prime minister's office.
apart from health minister j. p. nadda, commerce minister nirmala sitharaman and food processing industries minister harsimrat kaur badal were among its members.
only indian citizens would be eligible to opt for surrogacy.
altruistic surrogacy would be open for only close relatives of couples seeking children like aunts and sisters-in-law.
a woman can be a surrogate mother, if she is married and has had at least one healthy child earlier.
she can be a surrogate mother only once.
the woman wanting a child through this method will be the mother as per the proposed law.
there is a provision under the measure for a contract to clear any ambiguity.
for couples seeking a child through surrogacy, a woman should between 23 and 50 years in age and her husband should be between 26 and 55 years.
a surrogate child will have equal right as any other biological or adopted child over property.
any couple who have already adopted a child cannot opt to have a second child through surrogacy.
a national surrogacy board would be set up to regulate all altruistic surrogacy.
the board would be headed by the union health minister and the members would be secretary health reseach and three women mpstwo from lok sabha and one from the rajya sabha.
according to government figures, india has over 2,000 surrogacy clinics.
the bill comes in the wake of the country emerging as a surrogacy hub for couples and incidents being reported on unethical practices.
the bill is likely to come up for consideration in parliament during the winter session.
the government has already decided to refer the bill to the parliament's standing committee on health.
other provisions make it mandatory for surrogacy clinics to maintain their record for 25 years to ensure that documents are made available in case of a legal dispute.
new delhi: the aiadmk raised the issue of the alleged killing of the tamil fisherman by sri lankan navy during the budget session in lok sabha on thursday and urged the centre to take action with regards to the situation and make sure that such incidents dont repeat.
it is high time india intervene and protect its citizens, and see to it that such incidents dont repeat, aiadmk leader m thambidurai said in lok sabha.
he also said that indian fishermen are regularly troubled by the sri lankan navy who at times also take away their fishing equipment.
several aiadmk members wanted to raise the issue of sri lankan navy firing at tamil fishermen early on during the day.
they raised slogans and trooped into the well of the house.
speaker sumitra mahajan said that they could raise the issue during zero hour.
on the other side, congress mp shashi tharoor said urgent action needed to be taken for the fishermen community who are losing their livelihood as the fish catch close to the shore was depleted, and the fishermen are forced to go into deep waters.
tharoor said that indian fishermen were also being arrested by pakistans navy and recently, indian fishermen were taken in custody in the british indian ocean territory (biot) of diego garcia, an archipelago of 55 islands in the indian ocean south of india.
the death of the fisherman sparked protests from the community who demanded an assurance by the centre on protecting their livelihood.
the sri lankan government had on wednesday said an initial probe report has ruled out its navys involvement in the killing of the fisherman.
on thursday, the protesters demanded that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visit them and assure that they would not be attacked by sri lankan naval men while fishing in their traditional areas in the palk strait.
bhubaneswar: union minister of state for external affairs gen vk singh on tuesday played it safe on the contentious issue of according special category status to odisha saying the state government has failed to achieve desired level of development despite adequate fund flow from the centre.
the tag of special status has become irrelevant under the changed situation as the states are now getting substantial financial assistance from the centre for undertaking developmental activities.
what is special category status?
to get more central assistance.
the centre is now providing adequate funds to the state instead of doling out assistance under a special package.
but the desired development is missing, singh said.
besides, the state is getting 10 per cent more assistance as per the recommendation of 14th finance commission.
the panel had suggested a raise in share of states in central taxes from 32 per cent to 42 per cent.
it is not necessary to accord such status to a state which is getting 12 per cent higher funds than earlier, he said.
prime minister narendra modi is very clear in his stand that all states must prosper in a balanced way.
development should take place in all the states as their prosperity would lead to overall progress of the country, he said.
the union minister said chief minister naveen patnaik has failed to achieve the desired level of development despite being in power for the last 17 years.
the state government is answerable for the poor progress of odisha.
singh said the pm has taken a decision to open passport service centres in all district headquarters of the country so that people will not travel long distance for their passports.
as people in far-flung areas of the country find it difficult to obtain passports and redress passport-related grievances, the centre has decided to open passport seva kendras in 150 head post offices this year.
a total of 800 such seva kendras will be opened by 2019, he said.
of the three post office passport seva kendras (popsks) sanctioned by the centre for the state, two have started functioning at rourkela and sambalpur.
the third one is sanctioned for koraput district.
last month, union minister of state for petroleum and natural gas dharmendra pradhan had requested external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for starting popsks at seven more places in angul, berhampur, balasore, kendrapada, balangir, jajpur and bhawanipatna.
by ptibishkek: prime minister narendra modi on friday could not hold a bilateral meeting with iranian president hassan rouhani on the sidelines of the sco summit here due to scheduling issues, official sources said.
according to a schedule put out by the external affairs ministry, modi was to meet rouhani at 3:35 pm (local time).
as banquet for the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) leaders got extended, the two leaders could not meet, sources said.
modi arrived here thursday on a two-day visit to attend the annual summit of the sco.
he held bilateral meetings with chinese president xi jinping, russian president vladimir putin and afghan president ashraf ghani.
it was expected that modi and rouhani would discuss a range of issues including the us sanctions on import of iranian oil and implementation of the chabahar port project.
the meeting was keenly awaited as it was to take place amid an escalating face-off between iran and the united states on tehran's nuclear programme.
the six-month-long exemptions from us sanctions to india and seven other countries to buy oil from iran expired on may 2 as washington did not extend it.
early last month, iranian foreign minister javad zarif visited india in the wake of the us decision to not continue the exemptions to india and other countries.
in her meeting with zarif, then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj conveyed to him that india will take a decision on the import of iranian oil after the lok sabha polls, keeping in mind its commercial, economic and energy security interests.
india, the world's third biggest oil consumer, meets more than 80 per cent of its oil needs through imports.
iran was its third largest supplier after iraq and saudi arabia till recently.
indo-iran ties have been on an upswing in the past few years.
prime minister modi visited tehran in may 2016 with an aim to craft a strategic relationship with iran and expand india's ties with west asia.
during the visit, india and iran signed nearly a dozen agreements, the centrepiece of which was a deal on development of the chabahar port.
later, india, iran and afghanistan signed a trilateral agreement providing for transport of goods among the three countries through the port.
by ptidhaka: bangladesh's newly-appointed foreign minister ak abdul momen will travel to new delhi on wednesday in his maiden overseas trip during which he will attend the 5th india-bangladesh joint consultative commission (jcc) meeting and held talks with top leaders.
momen, who will lead a high-level delegation, said on tuesday that during his visit he would seek increased indian support to resolve the rohingya crisis.
i am visiting india on my first foreign trip to honour our great neighbour, the world's greatest democracy.
among other things i want to consult with my counterpart about the early resolution of the rohingya crisis as it may affect the regional stability, the minister told pti.
momen said he expected enhanced indian support in resolving the crisis as it is likely to appear as an issue for the regional security.
bangladesh has said it gave makeshift refuge to over one million rohingya muslims on humanitarian ground as they fled myanmar to evade a brutal military crackdown but unless the crisis was resolved immediately it could expose the country and its neighbours to threats of radicalization.
momen acknowledged that prime minister narendra modi was the first foreign leader to greet her bangladesh counterpart sheikh hasina soon after the december 30 election results were announced.
we always found them beside us in our crises.
indian people gave their lives for our 1971 independence, he said.
during the jcc meeting, the entire gamut of bilateral relations ranging from trade and investment, security cooperation, connectivity, border management, defence cooperation, energy, shipping, and people-to-people exchanges are likely to come up for discussion.
we have some issues as neighbours everywhere in the world have, but by now we amicably resolved several of them like the major maritime boundary and the land boundary and expect the others to be solved as well since we now enjoy the warmest ever relations, he said.
the minister did not elaborate the expected deals with india during his visit but officials said the two countries could ink five memorandums of understanding (mous).
the two sides so far agreed to sign three mous and they could reach a consensus on another two by tomorrow, a foreign ministry official said, preferring anonymity.
he said one of the three mous involved the cooperation of the two countries in graft investigation while the two others were over tv broadcasting and medicinal plants.
they said bangladesh's anti-corruption commission (acc) and india's central bureau of investigation (cbi) were expected to sign the first mou, state-run bangladesh television (btv) and prasar bharti would sign the second one and the two health ministries would ink the third one.
during his visit, momen will call on prime minister modi on thursday morning and hold talks with his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday.
he will meet former president pranab mukherjee at the latter's residence.
the last jcc meet was held in dhaka on october 22-23, 2017 when swaraj led the indian delegation.
new delhi: highlighting the steps taken by ministry of law and justice during the three years after coming into power, law minister ravi shankar prasad said all necessary steps have been taken to make judiciary accessible for everyone.
hailing prime minister narendra modi, prasad said, our government perform, reform and transform.
since the time we came to power, we have done many positive steps for the improvement of the judiciary.
despite our reservations in the national judicial appointments commission (njac), we did not stop the appointments process and will continue doing the same.
the strength of high court judges increased from 906 in may 2014 to 1079 in may 2017 which is an increase of 173 posts.
on the question of mop (memorandum of procedure) prasad said, there is more working required in finalising the mop.
but we need greater scrutiny in judges appointments (while referring to retired calcutta high court justice c s karnan).
appreciating the role of senior advocate harish salve at the international court of justice, prasad said, he has done excellent work for india in the kulbhushan jadhav case.
not only me but finance minister arun jaitely, mea minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and pmo agreed on having salve our representation.
on the question of issuing notification of cattle ban, prasad said, our govt doesn't want to control people's food habit but its a reality large section of indian population reverse cow.
the notification has other intentions but we will review after taking account of all stakeholders.
we have taken note of the attorney general mukul rohtagi resignation and will take a decision at the right time, he has cited personal reasons for not continuing with the post, prasad said on ag's letter to relieve him from post.
he also informed that legislative department has approved election commission's proposal for procuring 16,15,000 vvpat machines for 2019 general election.
i will convene the conference of all chief justices of high courts to expedite the hearing of cases pending for more than 10 years, said prasad.
on national litigation policy, prasad said, law commission has given its report, we are examining the same.
patna: bihar chief minister nitish kumar has written to union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, expressing disappointment at the resignation of nalanda university chancellor george yeo over the centre's intervention in the functioning of the institution and urging the nda government not to tamper with the essence behind the idea of nalanda.
in his strong-worded two-page letter to swaraj, he said the chancellor alleged that he was not taken into confidence on the decision to dissolve the previous governing board or constitute a new one.
yoe has reportedly resigned from his post citing central government's interventions as affecting the autonomy of the institution.
he has emphasised that he was not taken into confidence on the decision to dissolve the previous governing board or constitute a new one, kumar said in the letter, a copy of which was made available to the media last night.
he went on to say that the fact that an important decision was taken without consulting the chancellor of the university is disturbing and raises questions about the autonomous nature of the university.
kumar, the prime mover behind the idea of reviving ancient glory of nalanda university and conceptualising establishment of nalanda international university, also questioned the constitution of new governing body by the centre when no amendment in the nalanda university act, 2010 has taken place.
the amendment in the central act was proposed after it came to light that there were flaws in provisions related to the formulation of the governing body, he said.
all the stakeholders are worried about the direction in which this university is headed.
under the circumstances, it is requested that the central government should not tamper with the essence behind the 'idea of nalanda'.
its importance that dignity should be kept in perspective while furthering the activities of the university, he said.
the university will flourish only if the academic autonomy and continuity is allowed and maintained, kumar said, adding his government will continue to support the varsity.
the union government had justified the constitution of the governing board of nalanda university by replacing a mentor group comprising amartya sen and others, saying the changes in its management were carried out to bring legality to the set-up and also end the ad hoc arrangement.
by express news servicebangladesh's high commissioner to india syed muazzem ali believes that bilateral ties have never been better.
in an interview to ramananda sengupta, he explains that the relationship, which is deep rooted in history, geography and culture, is now grounded in a firm economic, strategic and political relationship based on mutual trust and respect, and despite issues like the teesta water sharing agreement hanging fire, things can only get better.
when you first came to india, what was the topmost item on your agenda, and why?
before assuming responsibility here as the high commissioner of bangladesh, i also served here during my early days of career as a counsellor from 1986-88.
and when i was called out of my retirement in 2014, i see a sea change in indian society and economy.
we are happy that india, our biggest neighbor and one of the largest democratic countries, is fast emerging as a global power with strong economic growth coupled with scientific and technological advancement.
this is really a remarkable achievement given the highly pluralistic characteristics of indian society.
i was confident that a strong and vibrant india will offer bangladesh lots of economic opportunities which bangladesh should take full advantage of to further her own economic development.
on the other hand, a strong and stable bangladesh provides the best security guarantee for india.
therefore, my priority was to devise ways to synergise the priorities of our two countries and see how best we could complement each other to make relations stronger, stable and irreversible.
i am happy to see that today, we are enjoying the best of our relations.
the long standing issues of enclaves, transit rights etc have been resolved, and the two nations have also started cooperation in intelligence and anti-terror operations.
what other areas do you think need attention in bilateral ties?
indeed there had been a great momentum in the bangladesh-india relations since the current prime minister of bangladesh sheikh hasina came to power in 2009.
this has further been consolidated since indian prime minister narendra modi came to power in 2014 and prime minister sheikh hasina came to power again for the consecutive term in 2014.
since then, both prime ministers have shown tremendous commitment in promoting the bilateral relations , and hence our relations stand at its best.
they have demonstrated how long-standing complex bilateral issues like land boundary agreement and maritime boundaries could be resolved unanimously through consultation, compassion, and consensus-building.
yes, security has been one of the issues which had bedevilled our bilateral relations in the past.
however, prime minister sheikh hasina, since assumption of power in 2009, has firmly controlled the security situation and has made it clear that no bangladesh territory would be used for terrorist purpose.
she has shown 'zero tolerance' to acts of terrorism and expects similar reciprocal actions from all our neighbours.
our cooperation, however, is not limited to security, it is expanding in multifarious areas like energy, connectivity, trade & commerce, culture, people to people contact etc.
which will not just benefit our two nations but the entire region.
at their meeting in shantiniketan in may, both prime ministers spoke of a golden era in bilateral ties.
would you agree with that, or do you think it is still work in progress?
as i have already said, currently we are enjoying the best ever relations, covering virtually every area of bilateral cooperation.
we have resolved some issues like land boundary agreement and maritime boundaries.
however, unfortunately, we are yet to maximize the benefits of the joint rivers and that could be one area to look forward to.
there is now a greater recognition among the political leadership on both sides that the destinies of our two neighboring countries are inescapably intertwined and we must grow together.
one of the issues that bedevil ties is trade.
apart from non-tariff barriers, after bangladesh graduates from the least developed country (ldc) status, it will no longer have duty-free and quota-free access for its products to the indian market under safta (south asia free trade agreement).
is there any progress on a bilateral fta?
the volume of bilateral trade has been growing over the past seven years.
we, however, want to see this trade and commerce relations from a different angle.
india being the sixth largest economy in the world and third largest economy in the asia and being our closest neighbor, we want to look at our trade and commerce relations beyond 'access of products'.
we want to see trade and investment together.
we want indian investors to invest in big projects in bangladesh.
they can set up big industry in bangladesh taking advantage of bangladesh's efficient labor force and the facilities in three indian economic zones that our government has offered to india.
subsequently, they could export these produces to the north-eastern states in india and other neighboring countries.
this will help us in diversifying our export basket and also will help us reduce the trade deficit.
as for the fta, a proposal has been discussed during the recent visit of indian commerce minister to bangladesh and a comprehensive economic partnership agreement (cepa) is currently under consideration.
while the two nations broadly agree on how to deal with rohingya crisis, is there something else new delhi can do resolve the issue?
the indian government had sent substantial relief materials for the forcibly displaced myanmar nationals (fdmn), by air and ship, which is the largest humanitarian assistances given by any country to bangladesh during the crisis.
we appreciate this humanitarian gesture from our closest neighbor.
we also count on india's continued support in the international arena for the early return of forcibly displaced myanmar nationals.
we also appreciate indian government's initiative for rehabilitation projects to be taken in myanmar for constructing prefabricated houses along with china and japan, for the forcibly displaced myanmar nationals.
we are happy that, due to our intense engagement and continuous international pressure, we have been able to conclude a physical arrangement with myanmar government, under which myanmar government agreed to repatriate the forcibly displaced myanmar nationals who took shelter in bangladesh in phases.
we need to sustain the ongoing international pressure to execute the repatriation process.
we believe india will continue its support to ensure international pressure for securing the rights of these displaced people in myanmar.
looking at regional issues, while saarc appears dead in the water, india is pushing bimstec as another option.
do you think saarc became a victim of a bilateral spat?
it's true that progress in saarc has been slow, but yet we cannot rule it out as an option.
saarc and bimstec, i would say are little different in nature.
while one (saarc) is connecting the south asian neighbors, the other one is connecting the south asia with south-east asian region.
it is gratifying to note that bimstec has been showing much promise as a sub-regional and inter-regional organization, i believe, both the organizations could very well complement each other, instead of competing.
to that end, we must create a favorable and congenial environment within the saarc.
of late, there has been a bit of an uproar over the national register of citizens in assam, which involves so called bangladeshi migrants.
has new delhi discussed this at any level with bangladesh?
as far as we see this seems to be an internal matter of government of india.
i think being an ambassador of another country it would not be appropriate for me to comment on an internal matter.
like india, china too has been investing in various energy and infrastructural projects in bangladesh.
how would you describe or compare dhaka-delhi relations with the dhaka-beijing one, in terms of scope, size and strategic significance?
well, we just can't simply compare between the relations between the two countries, as they have two different contexts and dimensions, and both are important.
with india we enjoy a relation which is deep rooted in history, geography and culture.
the assistance and cooperation that we received from the government of india and her people during the critical time of our liberation war, has been the very basis of our relations and this will be remembered by generations after generations.
and our relations are now expanding in multifarious areas starting from security to connectivity, trade, energy, people-to-people contact etc.
on the other hand, china is coming up with investment projects that we need to further our economic development.
so, we are happy that china and india, being the two giant economies in asia, offers us with lots of economic opportunities.
the teesta accord is still pending, and remains a slightly sore point.
how justified is west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee's assertion that the accord would hurt indian interests, including the possibility of kolkata port silting up?
bangladesh and india share 54 common rivers and these rivers have enough water for us to share during the monsoon and other months.
but the problem arises during the winter months when the level of water goes down.
this is also the crucial period when we need the water for the cultivation of our winter crops.
on the basis of detailed consultations and negotiations, an interim sharing formula was worked out between bangladesh and india for the sharing of teesta river water during the lean months (90 days) in 2011.
however, because of opposition of west bengal, the water sharing deal could not be finalised during last 7 years.
we, however, have been reassured by prime minister modi in categorical terms that a solution of the issue would be found at the soonest possible time.
bangladesh is eagerly looking forward to an early conclusion of the agreement as it would open up newer opportunities for cooperation.
in addition to water sharing, bangladesh and india will have to cooperate with each other for the joint management of our rivers, as constant siltation has largely hindered their capacity to hold water for the lean season.
bangladesh-india are currently cooperating with each other for joint drainage of common rivers.
these rivers if properly managed, offer great opportunities for development of our communication, agriculture and tourism sectors.
what do you personally consider as your biggest achievement during your posting in india so far?
i am really happy the way the relations between our two countries progressed in recent times.
i am particularly happy that the spirit of 1971 is once again guiding our two countries to sustain and deepen the relations despite profound geo-political changes in the international arena.
prime minister narendra modi during his historic visit to dhaka in 2015 had said, bangladesh is 'not merely a neighbor' but a nation with which india shares 'enduring links' .
president ram nath kovind has termed bangladesh as india's closest neighbor.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during her last visit to dhaka had termed the partnership as all encompassing that goes far beyond a strategic partnership touching upon virtually all areas of human endeavour.
she also said paroshi pehele, lekin bangladesh sabse pehele [neighbors first, but bangladesh is before everybody].
there have been some landmark achievements in last few years.
sixty eight years after the partition of 1947, and forty-one years after the conclusion of the indira-mujib border accord of 1974, the land boundary agreement (lba) between the two countries was concluded and ratified.
premier narendra modi had demonstrated how a long-standing complex bilateral issue could be resolved unanimously through consultation, compassion, and consensus-building.
the longstanding maritime boundaries between the two countries were also resolved in july of 2015 through un arbitration.
there have been six vvip visits between bangladesh and india in last 4 years.
the summit level visit of our hon'ble prime minister in 2017 has given new dynamics to the relations between the two countries.
eleven agreements and twenty-four mous were signed, which virtually encompassed every important sector in our bilateral cooperation, namely security, trade, connectivity, energy, civil nuclear agreement, defence and introduction of new bus and train services etc.
during that visit, prime minister sheikh hasina had personally honored members of families of war martyrs through an unprecedented sommanona ceremony in delhi.
through this unique program, she recognized the supreme sacrifices made by 1,661 indian martyrs for the liberation of bangladesh.
all these have taken our relations to the all time best.
i am really happy to be a part of this endeavor.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs threat has worked.
international online retailer amazon has withdrawn doormats that depict the indian tricolour from its portal.
the product was available internationally from an amazon merchant in canada.
following the ministers three tweets, the indian mission in ottawa took up the issue with amazons office in canada.
sushma warned that if amazon did not remove the item from its goods on sale, india would not grant visa to its staff.
even the visas granted could be rescinded.
it was too strong a warning that the retailer which has invested heavily in india could have ignored only at its peril.
as it transpires, the canada dealer sells doormats that depict the national flags of other countries like britain and the us too.
even now, it is possible for anyone in the world to order such a doormat.
amazon has made an exception in the case of only india.
in some countries like the us, people are even free to use their countrys flags as underwear.
in india, however, there is the flag code that describes how it should be used.
insulting the national fl ag is considered a serious offence for which punishments are fixed.
given this situation, the minister has done the right thing in strongly protesting against the sale of offensive doormats.
it is the second time that amazon had to take remedial action.
earlier, it had to remove doormats that depicted hindu deities.
it should have occurred to amazon that it should not sell merchandise considered offensive by any nation.
true, it does not know all the items that a merchant makes available to the international buyer through its portal.
however, once the complaint reaches the company, it should have the sensitivity to remove them from sale and not wait for stringent action from the government.
but there are a number of small traders who peddle similar offensive items.
is it feasible for the government to take action against them as well?
new delhi: the mystery surrounding two indian sufi clerics, who went missing in pakistan, deepened further friday with pakistans foreign ministry saying the interior ministry was probing the matter, but had not made any headway so far.
amidst reports that the duo had been detained by pakistani intelligence agencies, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj used twitter to announce that she had taken up the matter with the pakistan government.
the indian high commissioner in islamabad had lodged a strong complaint with the foreign ministry in islamabad on thursday evening.
indian nationals syed asif ali nizami aged 80 years and his nephew nazim ali nizami had gone to pakistan on 8 march 2017, she tweeted early on friday.
syed asif ali nizami is head priest (sajjadanashin) of hazrat nizammuddin aulia dargah.
both are missing after they landed at karachi airport.
we have taken up this matter with government of pakistan and requested them for an update on both the indian nationals in pakistan.
the duo had entered pakistan via karachi on march 8.
the trip was part of a traditional two-way exchange of clerics between the two countries as the hazrat nizamuddin dargah in delhi is associated with gharib nawaz, who is venerated in data darbar lahore.
according to one report, while the head priest was allowed to go to karachi to visit relatives, his nephew nazim was stopped at the lahore airport on grounds of incomplete travel papers.
indian official sources suspect foul play in the whole episode.
why would someone check visa for a domestic flight, days after they entered pakistan through karachi?
asked an official, pointing to pakistan media reports that the two have been picked up by intelligence agencies on account of their suspicious movements.
asif nizamis son had appealed to the government expressing his concern over the peculiar disappearance of his father and cousin in pakistan.
we appeal to the indian government to get to know about the whereabouts of both.
they had gone on a pilgrimage and now there is no information about them, he said in delhi.
by anihyderabad: a youngster from hyderabad was stabbed to death in london on wednesday by an unidentified man.
the deceased, identified as mohd nadeemuddin, was working at a mall in tesco supermarket and was living abroad for the last six years.
nadeemuddin was allegedly killed by an asian, according to family friend faheem qureshi.
the incident came to light after family members of the deceased called the management to inform that nadeemuddin did not return home after work.
later, after the management checked security, the youngster was found dead in the parking area.
the victim's family members have sought help from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and have urged her to help them travel to london.
more details are awaited.
by ptidoha: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday left on her maiden visit to kuwait after wrapping up her successful two-day visit to qatar.
swaraj on monday met emir of qatar sheikh tamim bin hamad al-thani and discussed ways to move forward on the roadmap set by the top leaders of the two countries.
after a successful visit to qatar, eam sushmaswaraj swaraj departs on her maiden visit to kuwait.
eam will hold discussions with the leadership of kuwait and interact with indian community members, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
during her doha visit, swaraj held delegation-level talks with her counterpart h e sheikh mohammed bin abdulrahman al thani.
both sides discussed the entire gamut of bilateral relations and signed a declaration to establish joint commission at the level of external affairs and foreign minister to periodically review progress in various cooperation initiatives, the external affairs ministry said in a statement.
india said the bilateral trade in 2017-18 stood at usd 9.
9 billion and indian exports to qatar during this period registered an increase of 87 per cent over the previous year.
qatari investments were invited in the areas including petrochemicals, infrastructure, agriculture and food processing, the statement said.
both sides expressed satisfaction at the smooth functioning of various institutional mechanisms for the strengthening of bilateral relations.
she also addressed and interacted with over 500 representatives of the indian community.
swaraj had arrived in doha on sunday on the first leg of her four-day visit to qatar and kuwait.
india shares close and friendly bilateral relations with kuwait.
new delhi: pakistan has set up a high-level committee to formulate a doable and sustainable policy to highlight the kashmir issue globally and is reaching out to indians who are opposed to prime minister narendra modis extremist policies, dawn reported on wednesday.
the move was announced in the senate on tuesday by the pakistan prime ministers foreign affairs advisor sartaj aziz, who will be arriving in india to attend the heart of asia conference on afghanistan in amritsar slated for the first week of december.
we have received an official confirmation from pakistan that aziz would be attending the heart of asia conference on afghanistan, ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup said in new delhi.
according to the pakistani report, the committee will consist of senior officials from the ministries of defence, interior and information, military operations direcotrate and inter-services intelligence.
aziz said that another committee, chaired by the information secretary, had been formed to prepare fact sheets to counter indias propaganda campaign and design a media strategy to continuously highlight the kashmiri freedom struggle.
he said that steps were already being taken to reach out to segments of the indian public that were opposed to modis extremist policies.
our missions abroad, including in new delhi, are making outreach efforts to emphasise the extremist indian policies, he remarked.
the heart of asia conference will take place will see representatives of over 40 countries and raising investments for the redevelopment and reconstruction of war-ravaged afghanistan.
prime minister narendra modi and afghan president ashraf ghani will also be addressing the ministerial conference.
officials did not comment if any indo-pak bilateral meeting on the margins of the conference would be held to defuse the tension between the two countries, as aziz has been contending.
the pakistan media has quoted aziz as saying, unlike india, that had sabotaged the saarc summit in pakistan by pulling out, pakistan will respond by participating in the heart of asia conference being held in india.
its a good opportunity to defuse the tension.
it remains unclear if external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will be attending the conference as she has been unwell.
the duo had met on the sidelines of the 2015 heart of asia conference and announced the revival of the comprehensive bilateral dialogue that could never take place.
by ptihouston: the indian-american foster father of 3-year-old sherin mathews, sentenced to life in prison for the death of the toddler who was found dead in a culvert in 2017, has begun serving the jail term in dallas.
in a case that attracted much international attention, wesley mathews, 39, pleaded guilty on june 24 to a lesser charge of injury to a child in sherin's tragic death.
he was originally charged with capital murder by authorities in the us state of texas after they discovered sherin's highly decomposed body after a massive search that lasted 15 days.
on thursday, dallas county sheriff officials said that mathews was transferred from dallas county jail to state prison at around 12:58 am thursday.
also read: how toddler sherin mathews died will remain a mystery, says her neighbour in dallasa dallas county jury heard the case, and mathews was sentenced to life in prison in sherin's death on june 26.
mathews has since filed another appeal in the case asking for a new sentencing trial.
his attorney alleges photos of sherin's body were prejudicial.
jurors expressed visible emotion when shown the exhibits, defence attorney brook busbee wrote in the appeal.
the appeal also claims that evidence of prior injuries on sherin's body prejudiced the jury.
the court filing said that those injuries cannot be linked to mathews.
the father had reported sherin missing after he put her outside october 7, 2017, because she wouldn't drink her milk.
her badly decomposed body was found 15 days later in a culvert.
prosecutors argued mathews hid his crime, making it impossible to determine exactly what happened to the girl because of how badly decomposed her body was.
mathews testified that his daughter choked on her milk and that he wrapped her body in a trash bag because he wanted to do something nice for her.
also read: sherin mathews murder case- indian-american adoptive father sentenced to life by us courtsherin's adoptive mother, sini mathews, was also criminally charged after the child's body was found, but that case was later dismissed after the dallas county district attorney said there was not enough evidence to prosecute.
mathews and his wife sini mathews, both hailing from kerala, adopted sherin from an orphanage in bihar's nalanda district in 2016.
police charged sherin's foster mother sini with child abandonment in november 2017, after mathews told officials that the couple left the toddler alone the night of her death while they went to dinner with their biological daughter.
sini's case was dismissed in march this year after prosecutors said they could not prove it beyond a reasonable doubt.
also read: sherin mathews murder case- adoptive father wesley pleads guilty to lesser chargesherin's death attracted the attention of the indian government and then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took keen interest in the case and also instructed the indian mission in houston to make sure that the indian toddler received justice.
india revoked the overseas citizenship of india (oci) immigration status of wesley and sini after sherin's death.
the government further tightened the adoption process after sherin's tragic death.
by ptinew delhi: the government has reconstituted the group of ministers looking after the issues of how to prevent sexual harassment at workplace and strengthen legal frameworks with home minister amit shah replacing his predecessor rajnath singh, officials said on wednesday.
the other members of the reconstituted gom are: finance minister nirmala sitharaman, hrd minister ramesh pokhriyal 'nishank' and women and child development minister smriti irani.
apart from singh, who is now the defence minister, the gom in the last government, had then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and then women and child development minister maneka gandhi as its members.
the gom was set up to examine and give recommendations for strengthening the legal and institutional frameworks to deal with and prevent sexual harassment at workplace in october 2018.
with the constitution of the new government post-elections, the gom undertook consultations with stakeholders and was examining various suggestions received, a home ministry official said.
greater noida:greater noida district magistrate nagendra prasad singh today refused to declare the attack on nigerian nationals as a hate crime.
it is absolutely not a hate crime, not is it some kind of anger against a race.
a few people have spread rumours regarding the death of a youth which gave rise to anger.
the incident happened in continuity of that, singh claimed.
he said the district administration will ensure that such incidents do not get repeated in the future and that harmony prevails.
we will not let the nations image get hampered, he asserted.
the incident comes as locals protested following the death of a class 12 student in greater noida's nsg black cats enclave due to the suspected drug overdose and five nigerian students living in the neighbourhood were booked - and later detained - in connection with the case.
the students were later released for lack of evidence.
over 100 locals held a protest at the busy junction demanding that all africans living in residential colonies in greater noida be asked to vacate their rented houses immediately.
nobody tried to assist us or tried to help.
earlier also in my society people used to say that we should leave this country.
i have no words for people like this, said another nigerian national.
i think this is barbaric and highly racial motivated attack towards the african students in india.
what has happened is false perception and false ideology about african people.
we are accused of abductions and murder.
it is a hate crime towards us.
we are going to give a detail report and also in touch with the local african media so that we can give information, president of the association of african students samuel jack said.
meanwhile, as many as five persons were arrested in connection with the assault on four nigerian nationals in greater noida.
new delhi: amid unease in ties, chinese foreign minister wang yi will arrive here next week to hold talks with his counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj on august 13 during which key regional and bilateral issues will be discussed, including the nsg issue.
significantly, wang's visit also comes just days after chinese troops transgressed the border on land and by air in chamoli district of uttarakhand last month.
china also stalled india's nuclear suppliers group (nsg) membership bid at the plenary meeting of the 48-nation grouping in june on the grounds that it was a non-npt signatory.
announcing the visit, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said the leaders will discuss various issues of mutual interests including the upcoming multilateral meetings with g-20 summit being held in china and the brics summit being held in india.
in beijing, sources said wang will visit india from august 12-14 at the invitation of swaraj.
when asked whether india will raise the recent incident of transgression in uttarakhand at the meeting, swarup said, all international, regional and bilateral issues of mutual interest will be discussed.
however, he added that the defence minister has already made a statement and there are mechanisms, including at army- to-army level, to take care of such incidents.
according to sources, the indian side is likely to raise the issue of china scuttling india's nsg membership bid.
visit of foreign minister wang to india is part of the regular high level dialogue between the two countries, swarup said.
apart from india, wang will also visit kenya and uganda during his six-day trip starting from august 9.
by express news servicevijayawada: in a comment that may raise many eyebrows, ap women commission chairperson nannapaneni rajakumari has urged the government to set up a commission for men to protect them from the attacks of women.
she was speaking to mediapersons at the interim government complex in velagapudi on wednesday.
mentioning about the incident in vizianagaram district where a woman murdered her husband after hiring killers and some other incidents in which women are harassing men, she underscored the need to establish a commission for men.
nannapaneni said she would call on chief minister n chandrababu naidu with the plea.
interestingly, she hailed the women who are attacking men whenever they face harassment.
she however, added that she would not support those women who are attacking men without any valid reason.
speaking about the incidents of a woman along with hired killers murdering her husband in vizianagaram and another woman slashing the throat of her husband in srikakulam, nannapaneni said she would visit the families of the victims.
observing that some sort of criminal mentality among women and the brutality being shown in tv serials are leading to such incidents, she urged the centre to set up a board for censoring serials on the lines of movies.
recalling that she had written letter to prime minister narendra modi and union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj twice appealing to them to set up censor board for tv serials, she said that the prime ministers office had sent a reply, informing that censor board is only for movies.
she added that she would write another letter to the centre seeking a board for censoring tv serials.
expressing concern over increasing crimes against women and girls, she said the rape accused should be expelled from their habitations and they should be paraded on streets without masking their faces.
new delhi: it has emerged that pakistan intelligence agencies are behind the disappearance of two indian sufi clerics missing since thursday, say sources.
two clerics, asif nizami and nazim nizami, had gone to karachi to meet their relatives after which they headed to lahore to visit the shrines of sufi saints.
syed asif ali nizami is the head priest of new delhi's hazrat nizamuddin dargah.
meanwhile, a dargah committee meeting is underway in delhi's nizamuddin regarding the disappearances.
pakistan foreign office spokesperson nafees zakaria also acknowledged that an indian request seeking assistance for the recovery of two clerics had been received.
read: two men set off bomb in indian restaurant bombay bhel, 15 injuredthere is a blast in indian restaurant bombay bhel in mississauga, ontario, canada.
i am in constant touch with our consul general in toronto and indian high commissioner in canada.
our missions will work round the clock.
the emergency number is : +1-647-668-4108, she tweeted.
canadian media reports cited police as saying that two unidentified men detonated a powerful improvised explosive device at the restaurant, injuring at least 15 people.
three of them have suffered critical blast injuries and were rushed to a trauma centre, canadian broadcaster cbc has reported.
police have issued the cctv camera footage of the two suspects.
it was not immediately known how many people were inside the restaurant at the time of the blast.
mississauga is canada's sixth largest city.
srinivas kuchibhotlas wife sunayana dumala has written a blog on tuesday after the funeral of the indian engineer slain in the united states.
in a post on facebook, she shared the couples life story, their dreams, and the little things that made life beautiful before her husband was snatched away by death.
sunayana and srinivas had met on orkut and known each other for six years before they got married.
like most nris, the couple too were fond of prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, bollywood veteran amitabh bachchan and superstar shah rukh khan.
she also thanked everyone for the enormous support that was pouring in on social media and otherwise.
her employer, for example, has been very supportive and told sunayana she can take as much time as needed to return to work.
the gift of time to heal her wounds.
but return she must, and to where she asks, raising the question again: do we belong here?
she says its the question on every immigrants mind in the united states.
is this the same country we dreamed of and is it still secure to raise our families and children here?
.
she signs off with food for thought in these divided times.
on what basis we decide a person is good or bad, and of course, its not based on the color of your skin.
so what decides that?
many times, these issues are talked about for a few weeks and people tend to forget about them afterward, but the fight must go on towards eradicating hatred from the minds of people.
so what is the government going to do to stop hate crime?
she asks, in a post that has relevance in india too, where increasingly society seems to have become polarised.
united nations: india, which will ratify the landmark paris climate deal next month, today said it will continue to play a leading role in combating climate change but asked developed nations to fulfill their responsibilities through more contribution to finance and technology transfer.
she told the 193-member un body that india will submit its instrument of ratification of the paris agreement on october 2, the birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi who epitomised a lifestyle with the smallest carbon footprint.
i assure this assembly that india will continue to play a leading role in combating climate change, she said while noting that in the paris agreement, the principle of 'common but differentiated responsibilities' and 'respective capabilities' has been acknowledged and accepted.
this makes clear that while our responsibility is common, obligations are different.
swaraj pointed out that india has launched an ambitious domestic effort to transform its energy mix to achieve 40 per cent energy from non-fossil fuel sources by 2030.
the massive investments required to entail a predictable and stable environment towards which we are working actively.
apart from this, our path-breaking initiative for an international solar alliance is intended to make efficient solar technology available for all, she said in her nearly 20-minute speech in hindi.
swaraj underlined that the true challenge of the current times is to end the curse of harsh poverty that still lurks in so many corners of the world and to ensure that the fruits of growing prosperity reach those who need it most.
she noted that the 17 global sustainable development goals (sdgs) are matched by the development vision of the modi government, which is geared towards the achievement of these same objectives through various flagship programmes such as 'swachh bharat mission', 'beti bachao beti padhao', 'make in india', 'jan dhan yojana', 'digital india' and 'skill india'.
these initiatives have added a new dimension to india's growth story, making it the fastest growing major economy in the world at a time of slow global growth, she said.
we are committed to the wholehearted implementation of the agenda 2030 as a national effort, she said, adding that it has been decided to dedicate one day in each session of the parliament for discussions only on sdgs in order to constantly monitor their progress.
however, in a globalised world, national effort needs to be supplemented by international cooperation for the successful implementation of agenda 2030.
we must curb reckless consumption, and adopt lifestyles in harmony with nature, she said, noting that yoga, the storehouse of india's ancient wisdom, epitomises a sustainable lifestyle.
by reutersnew delhi: india said on monday it had no plans to use venezuela's local cryptocurrency 'petro' in oil trade with the latin american nation, which is facing sanctions from the united states.
responding to a question at a news conference, india's foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj cited an order by the country's central bank saying it did not allow trade using cryptocurrency.
venezuela, whose oil output is falling under pressure from the u.s. sanctions, is offering discount on oil sales done in 'petro'.
indian media earlier reported that venezuela had offered as much as 30 percent discount on oil sales to indian refiners provided they traded in 'petro'.
new delhi: the us visa fee hike issue remained a major point of discussion during the india-us innovation forum that began here on tuesday, with commerce and industries minister nirmala sitharaman pointing out that some of the stakeholders have raised concerns that the decision has potential to act as barriers to the movement of natural persons and professionals.
the concerns of our government in this regard have been conveyed in the past and we hope that specific measures like these having the potential to adversely impact our trade are avoided, she added.
sitharaman and external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj are co-chairs of the dialogue on the indian side alongside us secretary of state john kerry and us commerce secretary penny pritzker.
india-us bilateral trade stood at $109 billion last year.
india has received $17.
94 billion fdi from april 2000 and march 2016.
top indian industrialists and bankers like cyrus mistry, sunil bharti mittal, deepak parekh, k m birla, among others, were present at the meeting.
by aninew delhi: prime minister narendra modi met with foreign affairs minister of egypt sameh shoukry here on friday.
earlier in the day, the egyptian foreign minister attended the 7th india-egypt joint commission meeting led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
ministry of external affairs spokesperson ravish kumar tweeted, eam @sushmaswaraj welcomes minister of foreign affairs of egypt sameh shoukry for the 7th joint commission meeting in n.delhi.
india & egypt as two of the world's oldest civilizations have enjoyed cordial relations based on commonality of views on regional & international issues (sic).
india and egypt as two of the world's oldest civilisations have enjoyed cordial relations based on commonality of views on regional and international issues.
by express news servicelucknow: an official at lucknows regional passport office was transferred on thursday after he allegedly harassed and humiliated an interfaith couple.
the official, vikas mishra, allegedly harangued city resident tanvi seth for marrying a muslim and asked her husband, mohammad anas siddiqui, to change his religion when the couple visited the passport office with their applications.
the couple has been married for 12 years.
@sushmaswaraj hello maam i type this tweet with immense faith in justice and in you and ironically with a lot of anger / hurt and agony in my heart because of the way i was treated at the lucknow passport office at ratan square by mr. vikas mishra the reason because i marri 1/2  tanvi seth (@tanvianas) june 20, 2018seth took to twitter on wednesday to narrate the harrowing experience and sought the intervention of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj by tagging her in her post.
@sushmaswaraj hello maam i typing this tweet with immense faith and justice and in you and ironically with a lot of anger/hurt and agony in my heart because of the way i was treated at the lucknow passport office at ratan square by mr. vikas mishra the reason because (sic) i married a muslim and not changed my name ever, she tweeted.
regional passport officer piyush verma said mishra was issued a show cause notice and transferred with immediate effect.
the couple was issued passports on thursday morning.
expressing regret over the incident, verma said a report had been sent to the ministry of external affairs for further action.
the consular, passport and visa division of the ministry had asked the rpo to take action against the official and send a report.
seth tweeted on thursday that her complaint had been redressed.
since the time we walked into the rpo office this morning we were treated very well by mr. piyush verma and all the officials.
they apologised for the misconduct of the official yesterday.
they looked at our documents and issued passports to us in no time.
the couple alleged that mishra had indulged in moral policing and displayed personal prejudice while carrying out his official duties.
i was called by him and asked if my wifes name was tanvi seth.
.
.
he asked me to change my religion and name, take pheras and only then things would be done, said siddiqui.
mishra, however, claimed that he had told seth that her nikahnama showed her name as shazia anas, which should be documented in her file.
gurbir singh byexpress news serviceindia has fallen in line with the trump administrations diktat of stopping all oil imports from iran from may 2.
unfortunately, it is an unabashed violation of the countrys sovereignty.
it was quite a spectacle.
a few days ago, the iranian foreign minister, mohammad javad zarif, came with folded hands imploring union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to continue oil imports on mutually beneficial terms.
the answer he got: a decision will be taken by the new government, post-may 23.
the us is currently engaged in a dangerous game of international dominoes and has declared its intent to topple the unfriendly regimes of both iran and venezuela.
oil is the strategic weapon in this game of regime-change.
with india being a major oil importer  over 30 per cent of our imports in value is of oil, and 80 per cent of our oil is imported  we are facing the rough end of the stick.
soumyadip sinhathe arm-twisting started last may after donald trump withdrew from the 2015 nuclear agreement with iran and imposed sanctions against it.
this included pressure on third countries like india and china to stop importing iranian oil.
as a compromise, india and others agreed to taper off imports to zero by november 2.
there was a further breather that allowed imports to go till may 2 this year.
earlier, the arm-twisting was about venezuelan oil.
in march last, a venezuelan envoy in the us complained to reuters that us was forcing india to stop imports.
in february this year, india imported 2,97,000 bpd of crude from venezuela directly.
with india being the second largest purchaser of venezuelan crude after china, it was a vital source of cash for the left-wing nicholas maduro government.
the pressure worked.
by mid-march, reliance petroleum, that accounted for 80 per cent of indias crude imports from venezuela, saw the writing on the wall and agreed to cap its imports.
it also said it had halted selling diluent to venezuela.
china fights backtrumps trade fight with china, however, evoked a different kind of response.
for over a year now, the us administration has been putting the screws on china, insisting on raising tariffs from the existing 10 per cent to 25 per cent on chinese goods worth $300 billion entering the us.
trumps questionable rationale is high tariffs are good since it forces china to pay money to the us government.
by may 13, these imposts were put in place on about 3,800 items, including $43.
2 billion worth of smartphones and $37.
5 billion worth of laptop computers.
china was not slow in hitting back.
it announced almost immediately on may 13 that it was imposing additional tariffs on $60 billion worth of us goods covering 5,140 items, and coming into effect from june 1.
all this has led to pain both for chinese as well as american businesses and has sent international stock and oil markets on a deep plunge.
the chinese also decided to cock a snook at trump by ignoring threats to stop oil imports from iran.
chinese oil tanker pacific bravo was the first to break the may 2 embargo.
it loaded 2 million barrels of oil from soroosh and kharg terminals in the persian gulf, and headed for china.
the immediate goal of the trump administration is to see the chinese economy tanking.
by increasing tariffs on chinese goods, fewer americans will buy its products, ensuring foreign companies will leave china and set up shop elsewhere.
the longer strategic role is to beat back china and russia as possible market competitors and restore the role of world policeman to the us.
neo-colonialismfrom the assassination of patrice lumumba, the first president of the independent democratic republic of congo in 1961, to the killing and overthrow of the left-wing salvador allende, president of chile, in 1973, there is a thread of us foreign policy that runs through all these decades.
even the debacle of the us world policing in vietnam in the 1970s did not serve as a lesson, and now we have iran and venezuela as us new staging points.
for india, there are lessons to be learnt from china.
we should stop trumps bullying.
iran and venezuelan oil is cheaper and come on 60 days of credit, which is not offered by the other suppliers  saudi arabia, kuwait, iraq, nigeria and the us.
unfortunately, thats not how it works.
india is trapped in a web of trade deals and is part of an international axis with the us.
it does not have the clout to stand up as does china.
more immediately, trump has threatened to end preferential trade treatment for india that allows duty-free entry for up to $5.
6 billion worth of exports to the us.
colonialism ended with 1947, but the challenges of neo-colonialism are proving to be more difficult.
by agenciesbhopal: amid demand over ban on burqa (loose garment covering the whole body from head to feet worn by muslim women), noted lyricist javed akhtar on thursday advocated ban it as well as ghoonghat (a veil or headscarf worn by some married hindu, sikh and jain women).
the shiv sena on wednesday in its mouth-piece saamana called for a ban on the burqa at public places.
reacting to the call, akhtar said: all women in my family have been professionals.
my mother taught at hamidiya collage of bhopal.
i have never seen the burqa at my home.
that's why my knowledge about it is brief.
there is a controversy over the burqa.
iran is a hardliner muslim country, but women don't cover their faces there.
a new law in sri lanka bars women from covering their faces.
whatever is your attire, the face should be visible, he said.
if someone wants this kind of law here, and if this is somebody's opinion i don't have any objection.
but before the end of last phase of (lok sabha) elections, the government must announce that no woman will be allowed to use ghoonghat in rajasthan, akhtar said.
akhtar said: faces covered with the burqa or the ghoonghat, it's same.
if both would be removed, i would be happy.
follow our full election coverage heremeanwhile, taking a swipe at bjp candidate sadhvi pragya singh thakur, javed akhtar said that just because a person dresses like a sant doesn't necessarily mean the person is a sant.
don't go by her appearance.
just because a person looks like a sant doesn't mean the person is a sant.
don't forget that when ravana came to abduct sita, he too was dressed like a sant, he said while addressing a press conference here.
thakur is among the seven accused, facing trial in malegaon blast case in which six people were killed and a dozen others were injured when a bomb placed on a motorcycle exploded on september 29, 2008.
stating that bjp's selection of candidate shows the party thinks the people of bhopal are insignificant, akhtar said: bjp is full of good people.
yet she is what you chose for bhopal?
you (bjp) should have looked for a place which is inhabited by illiterate, communal people and made her contest from there.
akhtar also asserted that a democracy can only flourish if there is a clear demarcation between the state and religion.
it is your religion.
keep it to yourself and be happy.
don't mix it with politics.
you can pick up a world and see that in the countries where state and religion work together, democracy can never work.
look at the middle-east and latin america, he said.
read here | javed akhtar campaigns for kanhaiya kumar in begusaraiakhtar praised bjp leaders like arun jaitley, sushmaswaraj swaraj and atal bihari vajpayee, but he clearly stated that he dislikes prime minister narendra modi and his assistant amit shah.
when asked if he sees rahul gandhi as a pm candidate, he promptly said: no.
till now rahul hasn't done anything to prove that he can be a good pm, said akhtar.
so far six lok sabha seats of madhya pradesh have gone to polls, while remaining 23 will go to polls during three phases of the polling on may 6, 12, and 19.
the counting of votes will take place on may 23.
by ptinew delhi: several union ministers, including vijay goel, prakash javadekar, nirmala sitaraman, and sushmaswaraj swaraj, have not cleared dues on their official bungalows till february, the housing and urban affairs ministry said.
replying to an rti query, the ministry said union minority affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi and union minister of state for development of north eastern region jitendra singh also have outstanding payments on their bungalows.
these dues concern furniture and other things provided at the bungalows, an official of the ministry said.
the amounts for naqvi and singh are around rs 1.
46 lakh and rs 3.
18 lakh respectively for the same period, according to the ministry.
the reply, dated april 26, came on an rti application filed by ajit kumar singh.
the directorate of estates, which comes under the union housing and urban affairs ministry, allots bungalows to union ministers and mps in the national capital.
defence minister nirmala sitaraman had pending dues of rs 53, 276 while dues of rs 86,923 was not cleared by javadekar till february.
goel, who is a minister of state for parliamentary affairs, also did not clear dues running into nearly rs 3 lakh while minister of state for agriculture gajendra singh had dues of rs 2,88,269 till february, it stated.
responding to the rti query, the directorate said external affairs minister swaraj had pending dues of rs 98,890 on her official bungalow till the same period.
the directorate of estates issues a 'no demand certificate (ndc)' to those ministers and mps who have cleared their dues.
according to the rti reply, there were only rs 14,627 dues pending on union social justice and empowerment minister thawar chand gehlot after he paid rs 1,23,215 out of rs 1,37,842 accessed from august 2014 to february 2019.
there are also several union ministers who have cleared their dues.
rajnath singh, nitin gadkari, giriraj singh, babul supriyo, harsh vardhan, manoj sinha, narendra singh tomar, mahesh sharma, jayant sinha, ravi shanker prasad, uma bharti, and smriti irani are among the union ministers who have cleared their dues.
vijayawada: telugu desam party mp rayapati sambasiva rao today offered one of his kidneys to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who is undergoing treatment for renal failure.
the 73-year-old mp from narsaraopet wrote a letter to swaraj (64), who is currently on dialysis in the all india institute of medical sciences in new delhi.
i am very sorry to hear about your health problems.
as aiims doctors have advised you for renal transplant at the earliest, i shall be very grateful if you could kindly accept my offer for donation of my kidney to you for the transplant, the six-time mp said in the letter.
swaraj had on wednesday tweeted that she was admitted to aiims due to kidney failure and has been undergoing tests for a transplant.
support from politicians as well as people from a cross- section of society started pouring in soon after that.
sambalpur: union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had personally written to odisha chief minister naveen patnaik to attend post office passport seva kendra (popsk) in sambalpur.
we had made all the arrangements and he was only supposed to grace the occasion and speak a few words which would have brought happiness to the people of sambalpur.
but, perhaps he was preoccupied and could not manage some time, said union minister of state for petroleum and natural gas minister dharmendra pradhan, while taking a dig at naveen.
pradhan was speaking during a function organised to hand over passports issued by popsk to the applicants on sunday.
stating that popsk in sambalpur was part of look east policy of the prime minister, he said the kendra here will open floodgates for skilled workers and artisans, weavers in particular, who can now avail passports and attend exhibitions abroad.
earlier, naveen inaugurated the popsk at head post office here in the presence of pradhan.
naveen then left for helipad while pradhan went to attend the function.
minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj and us secretary of state john kerry arrive prior to a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
(eps | shekhar yadav)new delhi: us today assured india of doing more by providing it finances for innovative renewable energy projects while asserting that it is the only way of meeting the challenge of climate change.
us secretary of state john kerry said that the civil nuclear cooperation between both the countries will bring affordable and clean energy to tens of millions of indian households.
to build on our shared leadership in combating climate change, the us is going to do more to help india upgrade its powergrid and work with our private sector in order to help provide financing for innovative renewable energy projects and clean energy entrepreneurs.
that is the only way we will have a chance of adequately meeting the promise of paris and adequately meeting the challenge of climate change, kerry said during the joint press interaction with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during second india-us strategic and commercial dialogue.
he said that us will soon make the promise made by more than 190 nations at the paris climate change summit last year a reality by officially joining the global climate agreement.
our civil nuclear cooperation will bring affordable clean energy to tens of millions of indian households as we move closer in the use of safe, modern, latest generation nuclear power.
my government looks forward to making the promise of paris a reality and being one of the country that will soon officially join the global climate agreement, he said.
both our countries attach high importance to the full implementation of the paris agreement, in the finalization ofwhich president obama and prime minister modi played key roles, she said.
we have agreed to scale up our collaboration in clean energy and to quickly operationalize the various initiatives that were announced during prime minister's visit to facilitate investments in this sector from us into india.
we look forward to working with the us to ensure the success of the international solar alliance (isa), she said.
prime minister narendra modi along with french president francois hollande had launched the isa during the paris summit.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will hold extensive talks with her iraqi counterpart ibrahim al-jaafari tomorrow during which focus is expected to be on the issue of 39 indians kidnapped by the isis three years back from mosul city.
al-jaafari's visit from july 24 to july 28 to india comes two weeks after iraqi prime minister haider al-abadi announced liberation of mosul, the second biggest city in his country, from the isis, which marked a major milestone for the iraqi security forces.
in their talks, the two sides will to take stock of bilateral relations and explore ways to enhance cooperation in areas of energy and trade.
iraq has been one of the major suppliers of crude oil to india.
on the visit by al-jaafari, the external affairs ministry has said the two sides will discuss the entire gamut of bilateral ties as well as regional and international issues of mutual interest.
the visit is expected to add further impetus to our mutually beneficial bilateral engagement, the mea had said on friday.
as liberation of mosul brightened chances of information about the kidnapped indians, swaraj, in a meeting with their relatives last week, had said that they might be languishing in a jail in badush in northwest of mosul where fighting was going on.
however, a media report from badush yesterday said the jail now is an abandoned structure and has been unoccupied for weeks.
minister of state for external affairs v k singh was sent to iraq days after the iraqi pm announced victory in the fight to liberate mosul.
she had said al-jaafari may bring fresh information about the kidnapped indians, mostly from punjab.
the volume of bilateral trade in 2016-17 was nearly usd 13 billion.
iraq contributes significantly to india's energy security and is the second-largest supplier of crude oil to us (over 37 mmt during 2016-17), the mea has said.
petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan is also scheduled to meet the iraqi foreign minister who will be accompanied by a senior-level official delegation.
al-jafaari will travel to mumbai on july 26 and will be back in delhi on july 27.
by ptimumbai: software engineer hamid nihal ansari, who spent six years in a pakistani jail on charges of espionage, returned to his hometown mumbai on thursday morning, two days after was handed over to india at the wagah-attari border.
ansari, 33, along with his parents left from new delhi in the morning in an air india flight and arrived at the mumbai airport around 9.
30 am, his father nihal ansari said.
relatives, friends and well-wishers greeted ansari and cheered for him as he came out of the airport.
the family then left for their residence in suburban versova.
ansari was arrested in pakistan in 2012 for illegally entering that country from afghanistan, reportedly to meet a woman he had befriended online.
authorities in pakistan slapped espionage charges against him.
the mumbai resident, who returned to india on tuesday after crossing the wagah-attari border, was imprisoned in the peshawar central jail after being sentenced by a military court on december 15, 2015.
according to official sources, india issued 96 notes verbales to pakistan seeking consular access to ansari.
the decision to release him was taken on account of relentless pressure from new delhi, they said.
shortly before his arrival on tuesday, his mother fauzia ansari had told reporters that the prayers of the family and of all those who wished for his safe return were answered.
his father had said it was a new dawn for them.
ansari and his family have thanked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her ministry for persisting with the case and taking it up with islamabad.
his jail term ended on december 15 but he was not able to leave for india as his legal documents were not ready.
on thursday, the peshawar high court gave the pakistan government a month's deadline to complete his repatriation process.
ansari had an emotional interaction with swaraj on wednesday as he narrated the difficult phase he had to endure through in pakistan.
by ptivientiane: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj attended an indian community event in vientiane on thursday, shortly after she arrived in the laos capital on a two-day visit.
external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said the minister interacted with participants at the community event.
in her address, swaraj appreciated the role of the indian community in acting as a bridge to strengthen india-laos relations.
beginning the indian community function in #vientiane to welcome @sushmaswaraj with mahatma gandhi's favourite bhajan vaishnav jan to.
highlighting the civilizational and cultural linkages.
eam @sushmaswaraj addressing the indian community in #laopdr.
appreciated the role of the community in acting as a bridge to strengthen india - lao pdr relations.
pic.
twitter.com/ztvljeifq5  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) november 22, 2018melodious singing by famous laotian singer phonesavanh lathavong 'namfone', kumar tweeted.
swaraj will hold the 9th joint commission meeting with her laotian counterpart saleumxay kommasith and call on important dignitaries before departing for delhi.
she will also meet laos prime minister thongloun sisoulith.
by express news servicethiruvananthapuram: condolences poured in from all quarters on the death of former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the state fisheries department has shared its fond memories of the senior bjp leader.
sushma had made a meaningful intervention for setting free 32 fishermen from kerala and tamil nadu who were detained at diego garcia on february 2017.
the men went for fishing in two mechanised boats.
of them, 18 were from kerala and the rest from tamil nadu.
they were detained by the british navy when they crossed the british indian territory.
the state, upon hearing the report immediately, sent a representation to sushmaswaraj who was then the external affairs minister, said fisheries minister mercykutty amma, in a statement.
the external affairs ministry immediately contacted the british government and expedited the release of the fishermen.
by aninew delhi: india's former foreign secretary salman haidar has rejected the claim of pakistan's foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi's claim that his prime minister imran khan had bowled a googly to ensure india's presence at the groundbreaking ceremony of kartarpur corridor on november 28.
cricket gives us too many metaphors and images.
i see no googlies in all this.
it is a sincere effort by both countries, especially from our side, to gratify the sentiments of people in the name of and to celebrate life, huge achievements, love, and affection that have been implicit and projected in the life of guru nanak dev.
that is the more important issue.
googlies and so on are entirely secondary, haidar told ani.
hitting out at qureshi for his recent statement on kartarpur corridor, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had on saturday said that india was not trapped by pakistan's googlies.
india's two union ministers-harsimrat kaur badal and hardeep singh puri-had attended the groundbreaking ceremony of kartarpur sahib corridor on pakistan side on november 28, as representatives of the government of india.
foreign minister of pakistan-your 'googly' remark in a dramatic manner has exposed none but you.
this shows that you have no respect for sikh sentiments.
you only play googlies, swaraj tweeted.
let me explain to you that we were not trapped by your googlies.
our two sikh ministers went to kartarpur sahib to offer prayers in the holy gurdwara, she added.
first of all, it was a pious work.
there should not be a race of credit.
imran khan should answer that it was a googly or he had respected the sentiment of sikhs from all across the world, she asserted.
the foundation stone of the route was laid down by prime minister khan on november 28.
the kartarpur corridor along india-pakistan border is three kilometres away from gurdaspur in punjab.
once opened, it would allow sikh pilgrims a direct access to the historic gurdwara darbar sahib in kartarpur, pakistan, where guru nanak dev died in 1539.
united nations: india on monday told the un that its offer of unconditional friendship to pakistan was met with a series of betrayals in the form of cross-border terror attacks.
but what did we get in return?
pathankot, uri, bahadur ali, she said, referring to the january 2 terror attack on an air force base in pathankot that left seven soldiers dead, and the uri attack of september 18 in which 18 soldiers died, and the capture of pakistani terrorist bahadur ali.
new delhi: home minister rajnath singh today said that us president donald trump's statement withdrawing from the paris climate agreement had come as a shock for india but he was sure america would rethink its decision.
inaugurating a two-day national level conference on 'capacity building of state disaster response force-2017', singh said it was cause of concern for india and the world community if a country thinks only about its own interests.
the us president's statement on paris agreement has come as a shock for us and the international community.
i am sure the us will rethink its decision, he said.
it has to be seen, the home minister added, in what circumstances the us president made the statement on the paris accord.
announcing the us withdrawal from the paris deal on june 1, trump claimed that india had made its participation in the agreement contingent on receiving billions and billions and billions dollars in foreign aid.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj rejected trump's comment yesterday and said india signed the paris climate pact not because of pressure from any country or due to the lure of money.
our signature in the pact was not because of greed, it was not because of fear.
we signed it due to our commitment to protecting the environment.
.
.
new delhi: prime minister narendra modi on sunday hit out at elements instigating the youth to create unrest in the kashmir valley while talking about unity and love being key to bringing back peace in the state.
from the interactions i had with all parties on kashmir, one thing emerged from those, which can be put in simple words as ekta (unity) and mamata (love).
these two things were the basic mantra, modi said in his monthly mann ki baat.
it is the view of all of us, the view of 125 crore people from a pradhan of a village to the prime minister, that if any life is lost in kashmir, whether of any youth or any security man, that loss is ours our own country, he said.
speaking to reporters here, jammu & kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti said whoever was ready to reject violence and help restore peace should be engaged in talks.
the bunch of people provoking youth to gherao and attack security camps should stop abetting violence, she added.
in his radio address, modi also talked at length about the performance of indian athletes at the just concluded olympics in brazil.
talking about the september 4 event to grant sainthood to mother teresa, he said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj would attend the canonisation in the vatican.
mother teresa devoted her whole life serving the poor and destitute people in india.
when such a person is conferred with sainthood, it is natural for indians to feel proud, he said.
by ptibishkek: pakistan has delivered a message of peace by opening the kartarpur corridor for sikh pilgrims from india, foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi said on wednesday as he underlined the importance of conflict resolution for peace and stability in south asia.
addressing the shanghai cooperation organisation council of foreign ministers' meeting here in the kyrgyz capital, also attended by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, qureshi said pakistan condenmed terrorism in all its forms but stressed the need for addressing the root causes of the problem.
enduring peace and prosperity in south asia will remain elusive without good-faith diplomacy and result-oriented dialogue, he said in his address.
india has told pakistan that talks and terrorism will not go hand in hand.
pakistan has given the message of peace by opening the kartarpur corridor for the sikh community, he said.
tensions between india and pakistan escalated after the february 14 pulwama attack by pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammed (jem) terror group which killed 40 crpf personnel.
amid mounting outrage, the indian air force carried out a counter-terror operation, hitting a jem training camp in balakot in pakistan on february 26.
the next day, pakistan air force retaliated and downed a mig-21 in an aerial combat and captured an indian pilot, who was handed over to india on march 1.
condemning terrorism in all its forms and manifestations, qureshi stressed the need for addressing the root causes of the problem, geo news quoted the foreign minister as saying.
he informed other foreign ministers of the sco that pakistan was among one of the few countries to have successfully fought and reversed the tide of terrorism and extremism and was ready to share its experience and expertise with the sco states through the regional anti terrorist structure.
pakistan initiated work on the kartarpur corridor to facilitate pilgrimage of sikh pilgrims to visit their holy shrine, he said, adding that the shanghai spirit was being reinforced through the kartarpur spirit.
also read| pakistan, russia vow to prevent outer space from becoming arena for military confrontationlast november, india and pakistan agreed to set up the border crossing linking gurudwara darbar sahib in pakisan's kartarpur, the final resting place of sikh faith's founder guru nanak dev, to dera baba nanak shrine in india's gurdaspur district.
kartarpur sahib is located in pakistan's narowal district across the river ravi, about four km from the dera baba nanak shrine.
the shrine is visible from the indian side of the border and everyday a larger number of sikh devotees gather to perform darshan or sacred viewings of the site.
the two sides have continued talks on the corridor despite their recent military standoff after the pulwama terror attack.
pakistan is hopeful that the landmark corridor will become functional on the 550th birth anniversary of baba guru nanak in november this year.
qureshi also said afghanistan remained central to pakistan's efforts to forge lasting regional stability and consistently called for an afghan-led and afghan-owned process of dialogue and reconciliation as the only viable way forward.
the foreign minister mentioned that as the leadership of sco member states would meet in june, there was a need to discuss the challenges confronting sustainable growth, environment and collective security.
qureshi also presented a seven-point agenda at the sco meeting focusing on confidence-building measures among member states including control on weapons race, establishment of joint fund and international framework to combat corruption and crime, pakistan's official app news agency reported.
we asked people around for help, but not one called the police: nigerian national who was attacked (ani)new delhi: claiming that the greater noida incident was a hate crime, an association of african students today demanded that they be provided adequate security in the country.
in greater noida, they (locals) say that africans 'we don't want you to be here anymore'.
these are actually hate crimes towards african community.
africans are not secure in this country, association of african students president samuel jack said.
he said africans may not come to india for studies due to safety concerns in the wake of such incidents.
i urge them (africans), wherever they are, to stop making india their destination of study until and unless there is proper security, he added.
jack claimed that the alleged attack on african students last night was mobilised by local youths and police have arrested six of them while two others were absconding.
watch the video below:four nigerian students were allegedly attacked by residents who took out a candle-light march for a 17-year-old boy who had died last week due to suspected drug overdose.
the boy's parents had alleged that the foreigners had kidnapped him and given him drugs which led to his death.
one of the injured nigerians alleged that he was assaulted for no reason.
i don't go to club in this country.
i don't drink.
they assaulted me for no reason.
i don't know what to say.
they do not want us to be in this country, he claimed.
new delhi: parliament came together to condemn pakistan for sentencing former indian naval officer kulbhushan jadhav to death, in utter violation of international norms and breach of basic human rights.
meanwhile, pakistans defence minister khawaja asif reportedly said that jadhav has the right to appeal against the sentence within 60 days.
but, despite the tough posturing, india has only diplomatic manoeuvring up its sleeve to extricate jadhav from pakistani gallows.
the indian citizen, who was allegedly abducted by the pakistan forces from chahbahar port in iran, also has the option of appealing to the president of pakistan for mercy.
according to sources, jadhav can challenge the decision in army court of appeal.
if rejected, he can appeal for mercy to pakistan army chief.
and if the appeal is also rejected, he can appeal to pakistan president for clemency.
ramananda sengupta byexpress news servicenew delhi: one prime minister and at least six foreign ministers are in new delhi this week, mostly in connection with the annual raisina dialogue (january 8-10) organised by the observer research foundation and the ministry of external affairs.
while norway pm erna solberg is here on a state visit, the others visiting dignitaries include the foreign ministers of australia, iran, the eu, mongolia, nepal and japan.
the japanese foreign minister is the only one not speaking at the raisina dialogue, although admiral katsutoshi kawano, chief of joint staff, japan self-defense forces, is expected to speak at a session on the indo-pacific on wednesday.
solberg, who arrived monday morning, addressed an indo-norwegian business conference before visiting a primary school in ghaziabad, run with unicef assistance.
in the evening, she, along with mos, external affairs, gen (retd) v k singh, inaugurated the new chancery of the norwegian embassy, which is one of the few buildings in india to make use of geo-thermal wells.
solberg will be accorded a ceremonial welcome at rashtrapati bhavan on tuesday.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will call on her before she meets pm narendra modi at hyderabad house, where the two sides with exchange agreements after delegation level talks.
she will meet president ram nath kovind, before delivering the opening address at raisina dialogue.
by ptibishkek: india on wednesday said the ghastly bombings in sri lanka at a time when the wounds of the pulwama terror attack were still raw in people's mind has made it more determined to resolutely fight against the menace.
also read | sushmaswaraj swaraj meets kyrgyz counterpart ahead of sco foreign ministers meet on tuesdayour heart goes out to our brothers and sisters of sri lanka, who have recently witnessed the ghastly act of terrorism.
we are determined to consistently strengthen cooperation within thesco framework for comprehensive,cooperative and sustainable security -eam @sushmaswaraj while delivering her statement at sco foreign minister's meeting in bishkek.
full speech at https://t.
co/metyoqkda3 pic.
twitter.com/clwn4uwxt9  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) may 22, 2019nine suicide bombers carried out a series of devastating blasts that tore through three churches and as many luxury hotels on april 21, killing more than 250 people and injuring 500 others.
the isis terror group claimed the attacks, but the government blamed the local islamist extremist group national thawheed jammath (ntj) for the easter sunday bombings.
the attack came months after india witnessed a suicide attack by pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammed on crpf personnel in pulwama district of jammu and kashmir, killing 40 soldiers.
she said that india is committed to continue working for a favourable environment for the sco member countries' economic activities and to intensify work on the relevant sco documents dealing with economic and trade cooperation.
india subscribes to a rule-based, transparent, non-discriminatory, open and inclusive multilateral trading system, centered around the world trade organisation, and firmly oppose unilateralism and protectionism, she said, amidst the trade war between china and the us.
india was an observer at the sco since 2005 and has generally participated in the ministerial-level meetings of the grouping which focus mainly on security and economic cooperation in the eurasian region.
along with india, pakistan was also granted the sco membership in 2017.
the sco was founded at a summit in shanghai in 2001 by the presidents of russia, china, kyrgyz republic, kazakhstan, tajikistan and uzbekistan.
bhubaneswar: three eminent personalities from odisha have been chosen for this years prestigious padma shri awards for their contribution to the fields of cinema, performing arts and music.
actor-director sadhu meher, odissi dancer aruna mohanty and singer of the popular sambalpuri song rangabati, jitendra haripal, have been selected to receive the padma shri awards-2017.
odisha-born, dr mukut minz, now based in chandigarh, has also been selected for padma shri.
sadhu meheralthough a delayed move, the veteran sadhu meher is happy that he has been chosen for the award.
i am delighted that my contribution to both hindi and odia cinemas has been recognised, said meher, who has acted in 38 odia films and directed five __ abhimana, aparichita, abhilash, gopa re badhhuchhi kala kanhei and babula.
the 77-year-old artiste has also directed a hindi film, yeh jaan meri hai.
in fact, meher began his acting career with hindi films like bhuvan shome, ankur and mrigaya and then moved on to do odia films.
he, however, is unhappy with the present set of actors in ollywood.
there are two kinds of actors.
someone who loves to act and one who likes to see himself on the screen.
todays actors in odia film industry belong to the second category.
they just wear make-up and fancy clothes to appear on screen but have no dedication to learn the nuances of acting, he said.
for aruna mohanty, the award is a recognition of her contribution towards propagating odissi across the country and abroad.
i am extremely happy that the country has recognised my efforts towards promoting and propagating this ancient dance form, said the dancer, who dedicated the award to guru gangadhar pradhan.
talking to express, haripal said he owed his success to his wife mallika.
he said the award will give a boost to folk song.
dr minz successfully undertook a kidney transplant surgery on external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
minz is a native of sundargarh district.
new delhi: prime minister ranil wickermesinghe will be travelling to india on a visit from april 25 during which he will be finalizing details regarding prime minister narendra modis visit to the island nation next month.
during his visit prime minister wickeremesinghe will be meeting external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, minister of home affairs rajnath singh and minister of road transport and highways and shipping nitin gadkari.
this will be prime minister modis second visit to sri lanka since 2014.
earlier in 2015, he had inaugurated the reconstructed northern province railway line that linked jaffna with colombo.
it was first prime ministerial visit to jaffna.
the rail line is one of the few developmental projects undertaken by the indian government in post-conflict sri lanka, where china has made deeper inroads.
contract for construction of trincomalee port and conclusion of free trade agreement are some of the bilateral agreements that have been hanging fire for long and some forward movement is expected during prime minister modis visit.
the indian government has been undertaking large number of development projects in sri lanka for rehabilitation and resettlement of conflict-affected and internally displaced people in tamil-majority northern and eastern provinces.
indias total development aid is more than usd 2.
6 billion.
as per the government of sri lankas statistics, more than 880,000 internally displaced people have been resettled in the northern and eastern provinces, as of end-august 2016, with around 43,600 people left to be resettled.
the flagship project is the us$ 270 million indian housing project for constructing 46,000 houses in the northern and eastern provinces of sri lanka, which are nearing completion, and 4000 houses in the central and uva provinces.
by ptinew delhi: union ministers harsimrat kaur badal and hardeep singh puri will travel to pakistan next week for the groundbreaking ceremony of the kartarpur corridor, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj conveyed to islamabad saturday.
swaraj's response came hours after pakistan foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi invited her to visit pakistan to attend the ceremony on november 28.
in a letter to qureshi, swaraj thanked her pakistani counterpart for the invite and said she was unable to travel to kartarpur sahib due to prior commitments including election campaign in telangana and that india will be represented at the ceremony by harsimrat kaur badal and puri.
being mindful of the sentiments of our sikh citizens and the importance of facilitating their smooth and easy access to holy gurudwara katarpur sahib, we will be sending hasimrat kaur badal, minister for food processing and industries, and hardeep singh puri, minister of state for housing and urban affairs, as the government of india's representatives for the event planned for november 28, she said in the letter.
swaraj also hoped that the pakistan government will expedite the construction of the corridor in order to ensure that our citizens can pay their respects at the gurudwara kartarpur sahib using the corridor as soon as possible.
on thursday, both the countries announced that they would develop the katarpur corridor in their respective areas, linking india's border district of gurdaspur with gurdwara darbar sahib in pakistan.
gurdwara darbar sahib, the final resting place of sikhism founder guru nanak dev, is located across the ravi river in pakistan and is about four kilometres from the dera baba nanak shrine in gurdaspur district of punjab in india.
the corridor, once built, will give indian pilgrims easy access to the shrine.
pakistan prime minister imran khan will inaugurate the groundbreaking ceremony of the corridor on november 28.
apart from swaraj, qureshi also invited punjab chief minister amarinder singh and state cabinet minister navjot singh sidhu to the ceremony.
the union cabinet on thursday cleared a proposal to develop a corridor from dera baba nanak in punjab's gurdaspur district to the international border to facilitate indian pilgrims to visit gurdwara darbar sahib in pakistan.
following the cabinet decision, india urged pakistan to build the corridor to kartarpur sahib on the pakistani side.
later, qureshi said islamabad has conveyed to india its decision to build the kartarpur corridor.
ramananda sengupta byexpress news servicenew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chinas state councillor and foreign minister wang yi co-chaired the first meeting of the first india-china high-level people-to-people and cultural exchanges mechanism on friday morning.
addressing the media in the afternoon and inaugurating the 3rd india-china high-level media forum at jawaharlal nehru bhavan, both foreign ministers said that this particular part of the relationship, which was earlier just a footnote in the bilateral relationship, had assumed much greater importance following the meeting between prime minister narendra modi and president xi jinping in wuhan.
in a congratulatory message from beijing, president xi said that the two ancient civilisations have made significant contributions to human development and progress, and that the relationship is today actively moving forward, with mutual political trust deepening, practical cooperation accelerating, people-to-people and cultural exchanges flourishing, and bilateral coordination in international and regional affairs sustaining.
it has been proved by practice that a good bilateral relationship benefits not only both countries but also the whole world.
new delhi: the two sufi clerics of delhi's hazrat nizamuddin dargah, who are returning from pakistan, will today meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
amir nizami, son of one of the clerics, said they will be picking them from the airport and will go to hazrat nizamuddin dargah to seek blessings of the allah.
they will then meet their family members.
i would like to thank the indian government, prime minister narendra modi, sushmaswaraj sawarj and rajnath singh.
we are very happy that our government made their efforts in helping them to return, nizami told ani.
swaraj had yesterday stated that she spoke to syed nazim ali nizami, one of the missing clerics, in karachi and was assured they were safe and would be back to delhi on monday.
i just spoke to syed nazim ali nizami in karachi.
he told me that they are safe and will be back in delhi tomorrow, swaraj tweeted.
the two clerics surfaced in karachi and told that they had gone to meet their devotees in interior sindh, where there was no phone connectivity.
the clerics, identified as syed asif ali nizami and his friend nazim nizami, belong to delhi's hazrat nizamuddin dargah.
syed asif ali nizami is the head priest of the dargah.
the duo had travelled to pakistan to visit their relatives in karachi and then embarked on a pilgrimage to lahore.
one of them went missing in karachi and the other in lahore, reports claimed.
the indian authorities had raised the issue with the pakistan foreign ministry seeking its help in tracing their missing citizens.
by anibishkek: prime minister narendra modi will meet iranian president hassan rouhani on the sidelines of the shanghai corporation organisation (sco) summit here on friday, amid mounting tension in the persian gulf.
the meeting will be held against the backdrop of the us sanctions on iran as well as tehran's partial withdrawal from the joint comprehensive plan of action (jcpoa).
the us recently announced that no fresh sanction waivers will be issued to existing importers of iranian oil, including india.
the issue had come up during a meeting between former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and iranian foreign minister javad zarif during the latter's visit to india last month.
modi had met chinese president xi jinping, russian president vladimir putin and afghanistan president ashraf ghani here on thursday.
lahore: the two missing indian clerics of delhi's hazrat nizamuddin dargah are in custody of pakistan's intelligence agency over their alleged links with the muttahida qaumi movement (mqm), official sources said today.
syed asif nizami and his nephew nazim nizami were offloaded from karachi-bound shaheen airlines on march 14 at the allama iqbal international airport, lahore, they said.
the personnel of an intelligence took both the clerics into custody after getting them offloaded and shifted them to an undisclosed location for investigation, the sources told pti on condition of anonymity.
they further said both clerics have been detained for their alleged link with mqm of altaf hussain.
they are being interrogated for their alleged links with altaf's partymen in karachi, the sources said, adding they will be freed if nothing is established against them.
the mqm emerged as a largely ethnic party in the 1980s.
it has political dominance in the southern sindh province's urban areas - notably in karachi, hyderabad, mirpurkhas and sukkur where a large number of urdu-speaking people who fled to pakistan from india during 1947's partition reside.
80-year-old asif nizami is the head priest of hazrat nizamuddin aulia dargah.
he along with his nephew nazim ali nizami had gone to pakistan on march 8 to see his sister in karachi.
they arrived in lahore on march 13 and visited shrine of sufi saint baba farid gang in pakpattan.
the two went missing on march 14 from lahore.
foreign office spokesperson nafees zakaria yesterday said pakistan was pro-actively pursuing and have asked all departments concerned to look into the matter.
he had told pti in islamabad that, no clue to the missing indian priests has been found so far.
india has taken up this matter with pakistan and ensure the safe recovery of indian nationals.
official sources in new delhi said pakistan has conveyed that it was seriously pursuing the case with its law enforcement agencies.
we have taken up this matter with government of pakistan and requested them for an update on both the indian nationals in pakistan.
both are missing after they landed in karachi airport, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had tweeted.
we have also contacted their host in karachi who appears to be under pressure not to speak to the indian high commission.
i am in constant touch with our high commission.
however, there is no official confirmation regarding their whereabouts, she said.
pakistan has launched a crackdown on the mqm after party leader hussain made anti-pakistan comments during speeches at a hunger strike camp in karachi last year.
pakistan has charged the self-exiled leader in london with treason for his inflammatory speech that incited party workers to attack media outlets.
hyderabad: a couple from khammam district of telangana, who claimed that the pakistan-returned indian girl geeta is their daughter, are in bhopal to undergo a dna test.
krishnaiah and his wife gopamma, who have gone to bhopal for the dna test, feel that their daughter had resemblance, including birth marks, to geeta.
we feel that she is our daughter, krishnaiah told pti by telephone.
krishnaiah, a poor agriculturist, said their daughter, one of the four girl children, went missing in 1990s when they had gone to guntur to attend a religious meeting.
krishnaiah and his wife, residents of patamata narasapuram in julurpad mandal of khamam in telangana, have gone to bhopal in madhya pradesh with the help an ngo.
geeta is the indian girl who accidentally crossed over to pakistan, where she was taken care of by a ngo.
she had returned to india following the intervention of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
new delhi: mauritian prime minister pravind jugnauth today arrived here on a three-day visit to india, during which he will meet his indian counterpart narendra modi and president pranab mukherjee.
jugnauth held discussions with home minister rajnath singh, railway minister suresh prabhu and petroleum and natural gas minister dharmendra pradhan today.
he will hold delegation-level talks with prime minister modi tomorrow, besides meeting defence and finance minister arun jaitley and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the mauritian premier will also meet president mukherjee and vice president hamid ansari tomorrow.
the militant socialist movement (msm) leader is accompanied by his deputy ivan collendavelloo, and senior officials including the cabinet secretary and finance secretary of mauritius.
this is jugnauth's first visit abroad as prime minister after assuming office early this year.
modi had visited the island nation in march, 2015, as chief guest at the mauritian national day celebrations.
during his visit, modi had commissioned the opv barracuda, built by an indian shipyard and financed by india, into the mauritian coast guard.
the mauritian pm's visit to india is part of our continuing engagement with the government of mauritius at the highest level and reflects special ties between our two countries, ministry of external affairs spokesperson gopal baglay had said yesterday.
by ptibeijing: pakistan foreign minister shah mehmood qureshi made an urgent phone call to his chinese counterpart wang yi to update him about the tensions between pakistan and india, chinese foreign ministry said on thursday.
during the phone call, wang briefed qureshi on china's efforts to promote peace talks and reiterated his hope that pakistan and india would exercise restraint and earnestly fulfil their commitment to prevent the escalation of the situation, the chinese foreign ministry said in a statement.
qureshi's phone call came as tensions between india and pakistan rose wednesday after pakistan claimed it shot down two indian fighter jets over pakistani air space and arrested a pilot in response to indian counter-terrorism in balakot.
also read | pakistan fm shah mehmood qureshi threatens to boycott oic meeting over swaraj's participationlate at night on february 27, 2019, pakistani foreign minister shah mehmood qureshi made an urgent call to state councillor and foreign minister wang yi to update him on the situation between pakistan and india, the chinese foreign ministry said.
qureshi made the phone call after wang held extensive talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday on the sidelines of the russia, india, china (ric) foreign ministers meeting in the chinese city of wuzhen.
swaraj forcefully raised the terror strike issue with her chinese counterpart and said the pulwama attack is the direct result of the impunity and cover provided to the jaish-e-muhammed terror group by pakistan.
swaraj's meeting with wang came a day after india destroyed a major jaish-e-muhammed (jem) terror training camp in pakistan.
watch: sushmaswaraj swaraj raises pulwama concerns with chinese counterpart wang yichina, a close ally of pakistan has repeatedly foiled india's attempts to brand jem chief masood azhar as a global terrorist by the un.
the jem, founded by azhar, has already been in the un's list of banned terror outfits.
wang told qureshi that china will continue to play a constructive role in easing the current tension.
he expressed deep concern over the escalation of tension between pakistan and india and briefed qureshi on china's efforts to promote peace talks and reiterated his hope that pakistan and india would exercise restraint and earnestly fulfil their commitment to prevent the escalation of the situation, the statement said.
wang also stressed that the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all countries should be truly respected.
china does not want to see any behaviour that goes against the norms governing international relations, it said.
at the ric ministers meeting, india won the support of china and russia in the fight against terrorism as china and russia agreed to step up policy coordination.
also read | uk minister holds talks with sushmaswaraj swaraj, qureshibriefing the media after the ric ministers talks, wang said, we agreed to jointly combat all forms terrorism through closer policy coordination and practical cooperation.
especially important is to eradicate the breeding grounds of terrorism and extremism.
but at the same wang tried to cautiously tread a fine line, highlighting that pakistan, which is its close ally, is also opposed to terrorism.
china, russia and india have reaffirmed our strong opposition to terrorism in various forms and manifestations.
at the same time, we believe that pakistan has always been opposed to terrorism, he said at the joint press conference with swaraj and russian foreign minister sergei lavrov.
watch: imran khan says pak capable of crossing borders and taking military action in indian territoryelaborating on china's stand, wang said, on the recent developments between india and pakistan, china appreciates the statements from indian and pakistani friends saying that they will exercise and avoid escalation of the situation.
he said china for its part is playing a constructive role as a mutual friend.
as a mutual friend to both india and pakistan, we do hope that they can conduct dialogue to establish facts through investigation to keep things under control, maintain peace and stability in the region.
in this process, china is playing a constructive role not the opposite, he said.
srinivas was tragically shot dead in a kansas bar by a man, and the entire incident seemed to be a hate crime as the shooter spewed racist comments before shooting.
| express file photohyderabad: slain indian engineer srinivas kuchibhotlas widow sunayana dumala has sought the support of bollywood stars- amitabh bachchan and shah rukh khan, in her fight against hate crime in the united states.
amitabh sir, there was not a party that ended without us dancing to your songs.
our friends used to fondly call us amitabh and jaya because my husband is 6 2 and i am 5 feet.
shah rukh sir, he was a huge fan of yours, and he made sure we watched your latest movie, raees.
i need all your support to pass this strong message of spreading love and giving confidence to every foreign national (in the us) that their fight will be listened to, sunayana said.
distraught after the death of her husband srinivas kuchibhotla, sunayana dumala, wrote a blog on tuesday when the slain indian engineers funeral was held.
in her blog, the young widow shared how they started to like each other after meeting on orkut, her dream of going to usa, their aspirations of pursuing their passion in the country.
at the end of the blog, she posed a question to the us government, saying, lastly, to answer the question that is in every immigrants mind, do we belong here?
is this the same country we dreamed of and is it still secure to raise our families and children here?
in her letter, sunayana narrated srinivas admiration for prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and wished to meet both of them to share his joy, posthumously.
requesting facebook founder mark zuckerberg, google ceo sundar pichai, microsoft ceo satya nadella to continue advocating support for human rights, she said there is a need to spread love and stop hatred.
this is my first official blog post on facebook, and it is with a heavy heart that i am writing these words.
on the dreadful night of wednesday, 22 feb 2017, i lost my husband and my soulmate, she said.
according to sunayana, the two met way back in august, 2006 through common friends then connected on an online portal called orkut and started liking each other instantly.
i am the baby of my house, being the youngest with two elder sisters.
i grew up to be a carefree child.
it was srinivas who gave me the courage to pursue my dream of coming to the usa and studying, which made me the person i am today - an independent, self-sufficient and strong woman.
i started working only recently, may 2016, she disclosed.
srinivas passion was to constantly innovate in the the aviation industry.
in america, he commenced his career at rockwell collins, and he worked on primary flight control computer that would change the way flights work with improved performances.
there were days he used to come home to have only dinner and leave for work again- only return around 2 or 3 in the morning.
he was very happy at rockwell and liked living in a small town like cedar rapids, iowa.
but we decided to move from there to a bigger city so that i could get a job and be able to pursue my dreams, as he was able to do for himself.
kansas was our instant choice, and we moved here with a lot of dreams.
we built our dream home, which he painted.
this was the home that he had built to - for us and any kids we would have- was our first step to starting our family.
its so unfortunate that this dream of ours is now shattered.
all of this, because of one person, who did not think of the impact his deed would have on the victims family, she lamented.
when police came to her house that on that ill-fated night and gave her the news of srinivas life being taken away by a random shooter, she could not believe their words.
she asked them repeatedly, are you sure?
, can you show me a picture to identify?
, is the man that you are talking about 6 2 ?
.
then, they were just nodding their heads saying yes.
she expressed thanks to each one of those who helped her during the hours of crisis, saying, i thank garmin and its employees for conducting the vigil.
thanks to mr cliff pemble, the ceo of garmin.
thanks to mr frank, ceo of intouch solutions, for assuring me that i can take however long and still come back and continue my job.
thanks to the detectives and district attorney steve for working hard on this case and finding the culprit.
she tweeted, we have secured the release of 5 indians from kerala jailed in togo.
good work by indian mission in accra and consulate in togo.
the five indians, who employees of a merchant navy firm, were in jail since 2013 for their suspected involvement in a piracy attack off the coast of togo.
they were sailing on board a ship from mumbai to south africa when they were arrested.
the external affairs minister has in the past been appreciated for her timely interventions and speedy responses on social media, which has made her one of the most followed politicians on the platform.
by express news servicenew delhi: outgoing madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan is going to stay the course and prepare the ground for the bjps 2019 poll battle.
he will lead the partys statewide aabhar yatra (thanksgiving tour) in the new year with an eye on the 2019 lok sabha polls.
the yatra will see chouhan travel across the state by road.
its likely to start from the vindhya region, which is considered a congress stronghold but was swept by the saffron party in the recent assembly elections.
while confirming the yatra, chouhan ruled out shifting to national politics.
i wont go to the centre, i was born in mp, will live here and die here only, he told journalists after meeting party workers at state party headquarters in bhopal.
according to bjp sources in bhopal, the aabhar yatra, which is likely to start after makar sankranti on january 14, will be an attempt to reconnect with the masses as well as party workers and express gratitude to them for their support in the state polls.
the bjp holds 26 out of the 29 lok sabha seats in the state, but if the results of the recently held assembly polls are to be factored in, then the saffron party could lose around 10 seats in the general election.
sources said the reason behind starting the aabhar yatra from the vindhya region is that the bjp won 24 out of the 30 seats at stake, while the congress could win only 6 seats.
the congress bigwigs who lost the polls in the region included leader of opposition and four-time sitting mla ajay singh (arjun singhs son) and deputy speaker in the outgoing assembly rajendra singh.
the aabhar yatra and chouhans clear-cut message of staying active in mp politics clearly suggests that he will be the face of the bjp in the state despite the party not being able to win the recent assembly polls.
according to sources, chouhan could be elected the leader of the opposition in the assembly.
speculations are also rife that he would contest the next lok sabha polls from vidisha, currently the parliamentary constituency of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today assured a pakistani man medical visa for his father provided the case was recommended by the country's adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz.
taking to twitter to present his case, saeed ayub said i sold half of my assets 4 (for) my father's liver transplant from india and now no medical visa for us.
why only common man suffers.
we will give you the visa.
sartaj aziz sahib should recommend your case.
watch video:only a letter of recommendation by pakistan foreign affairs advisor sartaj aziz will enable a pakistani national to get a medical visa for india, the external affairs ministry had said recently, a condition reflective of the strained ties between the two neighbours.
united nations: india today asked the global community to urgently adopt a long-pending global treaty on terrorism as well as implement the un security council reform, saying the world today needs a more contemporary approach to combating terrorism and a council that is less outdated.
.
.
.
we will be judged by our action and equally by our inaction.
what goals have we achieved and what objectives remain unfulfilled?
, she said.
as a result, we are unable to develop a norm under which terrorists shall be prosecuted or extradited.
therefore it is my appeal that this general assembly acts with fresh resolve and urgency to adopt this critical convention, she said.
the vast majority of nations share the belief that the un should not remain frozen in 1945, just to serve the interests of a few.
whether it is institutions or issues, we must come to terms with present day realities and the challenges that confront us, she said.
swaraj added that an expansion in the permanent and non-permanent membership of the council to reflect contemporary realities is an urgent necessity.
we must move forward substantively towards text-based negotiations.
if both these long pending issues are addressed during your presidency, the success of this session will be ensured, she said.
the 21st century has begun in the shadow of turmoil, but we can turn this into a golden age in the history of civilisation through united and concerted efforts.
but what happens tomorrow will depend on what we do today, she said.
by ptilondon: the british government has called on india and pakistan to pursue diplomatic solutions in the wake of the pulwama terrorist attack in jammu and kashmir.
uk foreign secretary jeremy hunt held telephonic conversations with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and pakistan foreign minister shah mehmood qureshi on monday, the uk foreign and commonwealth office (fco) said in a statement.
the foreign secretary highlighted the uk's concern about the enduring threat to regional stability from terrorism.
alsoa read | 'how's the josh?
' ask netizens, salute iaf after surgical strikes 2.
0he encouraged pakistan and india to improve cooperation and find diplomatic solutions that will create greater stability and trust in the region, the fco said hours before indian fighter jets struck jaish-e-mohammed's biggest camp in pakistan in a pre-dawn attack.
the indian air force (iaf) bombed terror camps at multiple locations across the line of control (loc) on the pakistani side in a pre-dawn strike, 12 days after the pakistan-based terror group jaish-e-mohammed (jem) carried out the pulwama attack in kashmir.
hunt condemned the pulwama terror attack and expressed condolences to all those affected, it said.
the fco statement came amid heightened tension between india and pakistan after the february 14 suicide attack by jem terror group that killed 40 crpf soldiers in pulwama.
the fco said that the uk minister reiterated with both indian and pakistani counterparts that britain was committed to working with both india and pakistan as well as international partners at the united nations to ensure that those responsible for the attack are held to account.
also read | iaf air strike: pakistan drone shot down near gujarat borderthe uk has been, and continues to be, in close contact at senior levels in both countries and will be promoting international efforts to tackle the threats of terrorism and improve regional stability, an fco spokesperson said.
hunt had come under pressure in the immediate aftermath of the pulwama attack for referring to india-administered kashmir in his twitter statement while expressing his condolences to the victims.
indian-origin opposition labour party mp virendra sharma wrote to him to protest that jammu and kashmir have been an integral part of the indian state and that the minister's use of the deeply offensive phrase had upset indians and british indians.
i hope that you will withdraw this phrase and demure from using it again in the future due to the connotations this seemingly innocuous phrase contains, wrote sharma, chair of the indo-british all party parliamentary group (appg).
his letter was followed by appg vice-char, conservative party mp bob blackman, also writing to the uk foreign secretary to point out his factually incorrect statement on twitter.
your language may offend and again, i suggest retracting this phrase, he wrote in the letter, which also asked the minister to clarify the support the uk is providing to our friends in india in their ongoing battle against terrorists.
india launched a major diplomatic offensive against islamabad after the attack and highlighted pakistan's role in using terrorism as an instrument of state policy.
india asked pakistan to take immediate and verifiable action against terrorists and terror groups operating from territories under its control.
new delhi also announced the withdrawal of the most favoured nation status for pakistan and hiked the customs duty by 200 per cent on goods originating from pakistan.
by ptibishkek: prime minister narendra modi and iranian president hassan rouhani could not hold a planned meeting on the sidelines of the sco summit here due to scheduling issues, official sources said.
according to a schedule put out by the external affairs ministry, modi was to meet rouhani at 3:35 pm (local time).
as banquet for the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) leaders got extended, the two leaders could not meet, sources said.
modi arrived here in the kyrgyz capital on thursday on a two-day visit to attend the annual summit of the sco.
he held bilateral meetings with chinese president xi jinping, russian president vladimir putin and afghan president ashraf ghani.
modi also held talks with kyrgyz president sooronbay jeenbekov on friday during a bilateral visit during which the two countries upgraded their relations to strategic ties.
it was expected that modi and rouhani would discuss a range of issues including the us sanctions on import of iranian oil and implementation of the chabahar port project.
the meeting was keenly awaited as it was to take place amid escalating face-off between iran and the united states on tehran's nuclear programme.
the six-month-long exemptions from us sanctions to india and seven other countries to buy oil from iran expired on may 2 as washington did not extend it.
early last month, iranian foreign minister javad zarif visited india in the wake of the us decision to not continue the exemptions to india and other countries.
in her meeting with zarif, the then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj conveyed to him that india will take a decision on the import of iranian oil after the lok sabha polls, keeping in mind its commercial, economic and energy security interests.
india, the world's third biggest oil consumer, meets more than 80 per cent of its oil needs through imports.
iran was its third largest supplier after iraq and saudi arabia till recently.
indo-iran ties have been on a upswing in the past few years.
prime minister modi visited tehran in may 2016 with an aim to craft a strategic relationship with iran and expand india's ties with the west asia.
during the visit, india and iran signed nearly a dozen agreements, centrepiece of which was a deal on development of the strategic chabahar port.
later, india, iran and afghanistan signed a trilateral agreement providing for transport of goods among the three countries through the port.
islamabad: adviser to prime minister on foreign affairs sartaj aziz has confirmed that pakistan will be attending the upcoming heart of asia conference scheduled to be held in india.
aziz on monday confirmed pakistan's participation during a press conference here, dawn online reported.
the heart of asia conference will be held during the first week of december in amritsar, india.
we have started an effective campaign for the cause of self-determination of kashmiri people, said the foreign affairs adviser.
the announcement came amid growing tensions between the two neighbours following the september 18 attack on an indian army base in jammu and kashmir's uri town that killed 19 indian soldiers.
foreign ministers from 14-member countries, including russia, china and turkey, are expected to attend the day-long conference meant to discuss the current afghan situation and possible initiatives the immediate and extended neighbours of afghanistan could undertake to restore long-term peace and stability in the war-torn country, daily pakistan reported.
senior officials from 17 supporting countries, including the us, will also participate in the meeting to be jointly presided over by afghan president ashraf ghani and indian prime minister narendra modi.
the heart of asia-istanbul process was established in 2011 at the initiative of afghanistan and turkey.
its main objective is to foster efforts for regional cooperation and connectivity with a view to promoting long-term peace and stability as well as progress and development in afghanistan, and the region.
pakistan hosted the last ministerial conference in december 2015 which was also attended by indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday met myanmar's state counsellor and foreign minister aung san suu kyi here.
an old friend of india, a new partner in progress.
eam meets daw aung san suu kyi, state counsellor & fm of myanmar, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted along with pictures of the two leaders.
this is the first high-level visit from india to myanmar after suu kyi's national league for democracy (nld) assumed power earlier this year.
after arriving in nay pyi taw earlier on monday, sushmaswaraj swaraj first met myanmar president u htin kyaw.
enhancing linkages with myanmar's new govwernment.
eam @sushmaswaraj calls on president u htin kyaw in 1st engagement, swarup said in another tweet.
sushma swaraj is being accompanied by foreign secretary s. jaishankar and other senior officials of the ministry of external affairs.
during the 15th round of foreign office consultations in new delhi earlier this month, india and myanmar reviewed the entire gamut of bilateral issues, including high-level visits, security and defence-related issues, boundary matters and border management, trade and commerce, development cooperation, connectivity, cultural and consular matters.
they also exchanged views on issues of mutual interest at regional and multilateral forums.
the consultations are of special significance as these were the first institutionalised exchanges between india and myanmar after the swearing-in of the new nld government in myanmar on march 30 this year.
in the intervening period, national security advisor ajit doval on june 16 visited myanmar as a special envoy of prime minister narendra modi, while minister of state for commerce and industry nirmala sitharaman earlier led a high-level business delegation to the eastern neighbour for the india-myanmar business conclave on may 18-20.
last month, in a meeting with minister of state for external affairs v.k. singh on the sidelines of the association of southeast asian nations (asean) foreign ministers' meeting in laos, suu kyi said that she looked forward to visiting india.
as her country's constitution bars her from becoming president, the nobel peace laureate serves as the state counsellor and foreign minister.
suu kyi made her first visit in her current capacity to china last week.
last week, the delhi commission for women (dcw) had sought swaraj's intervention after radha debi, wife of deceased gopal ram, approached it seeking help, saying his poor family was unable to bring the body back.
the mortal remains will reach new delhi by ana flight from tokyo on 24 december at 2400 hrs, swaraj tweeted today.
the external affairs minister is known for her prompt response in addressing problems of distressed indians abroad.
48-year-old gopal ram, a resident of ambedkar nagar, had gone to tokyo in september last year looking for greener pastures.
he died of a cardiac arrest in the japanese capital on december 10.
the family is severely distressed and needs your kind support.
as we all aware you have been extremely pro-active in resolving such matters.
therefore, i am forwarding the representation along with this letter for your kind perusal.
hoping for your support in this matter, dcw chairperson swati maliwal had said in a letter to swaraj last week.
gopal was working in tokyo as a cook in a hotel and according to a family member he was fired within three months after which he started working in some local shop.
his financial condition was bad because of which he was in distress, he said.
on december 10, the family received a call from a person who worked with gopal, saying that he has passed away following a heart attack.
by ptiislamabad: pakistan prime minister imran khan thursday congratulated his indian counterpart narendra modi on his victory in the general elections and expressed desire to work with him for peace, progress and prosperity in the region.
prime minister modi led his bharatiya janata party towards what looks set to be a resounding victory for a second term in office.
i congratulate prime minister modi on the electoral victory of bjp and allies.
look forward to working with him for peace, progress and prosperity in south asia, khan tweeted.
i congratulate prime minister modi on the electoral victory of bjp and allies.
look forward to working with him for peace, progress and prosperity in south asia  imran khan (@imrankhanpti) may 23, 2019the results of india's general elections are very significant for pakistan as the formation of the next government in new delhi will determine the course of indo-pakistan ties, which were pushed to a new low after the pulwama terror attack.
in april, khan said he believed there may be a better chance of peace talks with india and settle the kashmir issue if modi's party bjp wins the general elections.
tensions flared up between india and pakistan after a suicide bomber of pakistan-based jaish-e-muhammed (jem) killed 40 crpf personnel in kashmir's pulwama district on february 14.
amid mounting outrage, the indian air force (iaf) carried out a counter-terror operation, hitting the biggest jem training camp in balakot, deep inside pakistan on february 26.
the next day, pakistan air force retaliated and downed a mig-21 in an aerial combat and captured an iaf pilot, who was handed over to india.
on wednesday, pakistan's foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi saidthat his country has delivered a message of peace by opening the kartarpur corridor for sikh pilgrims from india as he underlined the importance of conflict resolution for peace and stability in south asia.
addressing the shanghai cooperation organisation council of foreign ministers' meeting in bishkek, the kyrgyz capital, also attended by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, qureshi said enduring peace and prosperity in south asia will remain elusive without good-faith diplomacy and result-oriented dialogue.
new delhi: a day after union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj lambasted pakistan at the un general assembly, india on tuesday handed over the names and details of terrorists involved in the uri attack to islamabads envoy in delhi.
indian foreign secretary s jaishankar lodged a protest against continuous cross-border terrorism with pakistans envoy to india, abdul basit.
he also handed over names of terrorists, their handlers and guides to basit, who was summoned for the second time since the attack.
in the earlier demarche, india had offered to provide finger prints and dna samples of the slain terrorits.
jaishankar also apprised basit of the arrest of youngsters who guided the terrorists.
local villagers in the uri district had apprehended two people from pakistan-occupied kashmir and handed them over to the security forces on september 21.
according to the officials, both of them  faizal hussain awan and yasin khursheed from muzaffarabad in pok  acted as guides to militants who attacked the uri army base.
awan is said to have told the nia they guided and facilitated the group that carried out the uri massacre to cross the border.
he identified one of the slain attackers as hafiz ahmed, son of feroz from the village of dharbang in muzaffarabad, jaishankar told basit.
offering consular access to the three individuals, the foreign secretary reiterated indias demand for cessation of cross-border terrorist attacks.
we would once again strongly urge the government of pakistan to take seriously its commitment not to allow terrorist attacks against india from its soil and territory under its control, he said.
according to sources, the nia has collected dna samples and fingerprints of the bodies of the slain militants.
they said bodies of three militants were charred while one was intact.
the weapons, ammunition and other items recovered from the slain militants are also in the nias possession, said a source.
senior army officials of the uri base were also questioned.
besides, the nia team has also quizzed the civilian porters of the army to know whether anyone of them had given inside information to the militants, the source added.
view of the port of kalantari in the city of chabahar, 300km (186 miles) east of the strait of hormuz .
(photo | reuters)new delhi: india is exploring setting up a new payments mechanism for trade with iran, after its old sanctions workaround broke down, as state banks remain fearful of handling payments from tehran in case the united states imposes a fresh financial embargo.
u.s. president donald trump has denounced an agreement between iran and major powers on its nuclear programme as a bad deal, and his administration has put tehran on notice after the test-firing of a ballistic missile.
under previous western sanctions, india had devised a barter-like scheme acceptable to washington that allowed it to make some oil payments to tehran in rupees through a small state bank, uco bank.
indian companies were then able to receive payments for goods exported to iran using the oil money held in non-convertible rupee balances at uco, maintaining a trade lifeline between two countries with long historical ties.
but since sanctions were partly lifted early last year the rupee account has been run down by more than 90 percent to just 20 billion rupees ($305 million) because indian refiners have resumed paying for iranian oil in euros.
whilst the federal government and central bank have approved oil payments in euros - which iran prefers because the currency is readily convertible - they have not given the all-clear for trade in the opposite direction to be settled in other currencies, leaving exporters stuck.
we are working on a mechanism through euros and looking for a common correspondent bank in europe to act as an intermediary for india and iran, said r.k. takkar, chairman of uco bank.
the euro payment system has not yet crystallised, he said, adding the government was working to find a solution.
the reserve bank of india (rbi) said some iranian banks had applied to open branches in india, but gave no indication when it might approve settlement of trade with iran in currencies other than the rupee.
due to the geopolitical situation around iran, and international sanctions-related measures, correspondent banking relationships are difficult, the central bank said in a written reply to questions submitted by reuters.
the reserve bank has facilitated payment for indian exporters by permitting special arrangements for rupee-based settlements.
tensions growalthough european union and united nations sanctions against iran have been removed some u.s. measures remain, and that, along with the hard line promised by the new administration in washington, has left the country still largely shut out of the global financial system as banks steer clear of its business.
as tensions grow, new delhi and tehran are considering reverting to the old rupee mechanism that was viewed as a safe bet because uco has no u.s. exposure that could lead it to fall foul of any new sanctions.
iran has agreed in principle to accept some oil payments in rupees to fund imports from india worth an estimated $2.
5 billion a year, a senior commerce ministry official told reuters.
no timeline has been fixed as yet to implement the new mechanism, however, as both sides await the outcome of iran's presidential election in may and seek clarity on the trump administration's approach towards tehran, he said.
the payment woes have hit the revenues of indian exporters as they struggle to complete deals struck when the rupee account was flush with funds.
several containers from india are held up at iranian ports, exporters said.
our clients are threatening to cancel orders and procure from china, said jayanti goela at gas lab asia, a delhi-based exporter that had won an order to supply gas storage tanks to tehran.
india's major exports to iran include food, chemicals, engineering products, garments and drugs.
chabahar portthe reticence of indian banks with u.s. exposure has also slowed work on the iranian port of chabahar and a $1.
6 billion rail link backed by new delhi that would bypass arch-rival pakistan and counter china's growing influence in the region.
one official involved in the chabahar project said contractors, concerned about getting paid, were now reluctant to supply equipment and materials for the arabian sea port whose completion is planned for 2018.
if trump imposes more sanctions on iran, we may have to wind up most of our plans, the official said.
the government is still in a wait-and-watch mode and closely monitoring trump's approach towards iran, said a senior official who joined modi on his trip to iran.
india, iran's top oil client after china, boosted exports to tehran during sanctions as western nations boycotted it.
yet india has lost out since the lifting of sanctions, with its exports to iran declining to $2.
4 billion in 2016 from $3.
2 billion in the previous year.
new delhi: scale of farmers protest in madhya pradesh appears to have taken the bjp with surprise, while the nda government at the centre went into huddle on wednesday.
madhya pradesh could come under the grip of a violent agitation by farmers despite the state being run by chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, who has unmatchable credentials in agricultural growth, said the party leaders to attribute criminal-political motive to the turn of events.
after the cabinet meeting, prime minister narendra modi presided over a core group meeting, which was attended by senior colleagues, including union minister for home affairs rajnath singh, minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj, minister for road and surface transport nitin gandakri.
sources said that senior ministers discussed the issue of farmers agitations in mp and maharashtra.
the bjp chief amit shah was also learnt to have spoken to the mp chief minister over phone.
concerns in the government and the party appear to be more for the reason that the farmers agitation has come at a time when the nda is in the midst of a campaign to drum up support for achievements of three years of the modi government.
incidentally, mp along with rajsthan and chattisgarh will to the assembly elections in the later parts of the next year.
the mp government had already accepted most of the demands of farmers on june 4.
farmers in the state have never resorted to violence.
there are reports that criminal gangs and anti-social elements got involved in the agitation with the support of local congress leader.
what we are witnessing in parts of the state is nothing but the criminal-political motive of the congress getting exposed, said bjp leader gvl narsimha rao.
with the congress vice-president rahul gandhi heading to mandsaur on thursday, a long drawn political slugfest over the status of farmers in the state seems to be on the card.
incidentally, officials in the central government had been noting for a while that the farmers were not able to sell the crops of pulses at the minimum support price (msp), besides the bumper onion crop having led the cultivators to resort to distress sale.
but bjp leaders cannot agree that the situations of farmers are distressing.
mp has been registering 20 per cent plus agricultural growth, while the state has emerged as number two in wheat productions.
the state has also been the best performer in spreading irrigation facilities.
the state government had ensured farm loan at one per cent interest, added rao.
i have got the report on the death of a zambian national zite shakala from government of gujarat.
police investigations prima facie suggest that this is a case of suicide.
a suicide note has been found at the scene of occurrence, she tweeted.
a second year engineering student at a university in vadodara, shakala's body was found hanging from the ceiling fan last week.
lodha had written to swaraj on october 5 requesting that jinnah house should be made a cultural centre.
prime minister's office (pmo) has instructed us to renovate and refurbish jinnah house to develop it on the pattern of facilities available in hyderabad house in delhi.
accordingly, approval of the pmo was sought for transfer of the property from iccr (indian council for cultural relations) to our ministry.
the letter, dated december 5, further said, we are in the process of transferring the ownership in our name.
lodha told pti wednesday that with this development, the controversy (about the bungalow's ownership and how it should be utilised) will get over now as it is going be developed on the patterns of hyderabad house.
the bungalow on malabar hill was designed by architect claude batley in european style and jinnah lived there in the late 1930s.
pakistan had demanded in recent years that the property should be handed over to it for housing its mumbai consulate.
interestingly, lodha had once demanded that the structure be demolished, as it was a symbol of partition.
jinnah's daughter dina wadia had in august 2007 approached the bombay high court claiming that being the sole legal heir of jinnah, she should get the possession of the house.
after her death, her son and wadia group chairman nusli neville wadia is carrying on the litigation.
jaunpur: claiming that prime minister narendra modi has grown old and must be feeling tired, congress vice president rahul gandhi today said his party and ally sp would form a government of youth in uttar pradesh.
this government of youth, he claimed, will make up the factory of the world and even former first lady of the usa michelle obama would find 'made in jaunpur' embossed over her kitchen utensils.
prime minister narendra modi has grown old, and hence a government of the youth will be formed in up.
and this government will make the state -- the factory of the world.
products with 'made in uttar pradesh' embossed on them will be made available throughout the world, he said.
continuing his jibe, rahul claimed that since modi has grown old, he must be feeling tired.
i told akhilesh that we must extend some help to modiji.
let's give him some time.
.
.
some moments of peace.
you (akhilesh) become the chief minister, and he (modi) would get some rest, he said.
taking a dig at the pm's roadshows in varanasi, rahul said, repeated re-takes of modiji's film are taking place.
in four days, there have been four re-takes, but things did not materialise, he said.
two days ago there was a roadshow, it did not yield desirable results, then there was a roadshow yesterday, it too did not result in anything positive.
i heard that today modiji is walking on foot, said rahul, taking a swipe.
continuing his attack, he said that modiji's film of 'achhe din' has flopped and will not be available for public viewing.
in fact, modiji is afraid, and hence for the last three days he has been camping in varanasi, he alleged.
in his speech, rahul said that five years from now, if a farmer from the state goes to the us, he would find that the phones available there are manufactured in up.
we would emboss 'made in uttar pradesh' over it, and whichever shop he visits, the entire stock would be from up, gandhi said.
referring to the former us first lady, rahul said, when obama's wife would be cooking food in her kitchen, she would admire the utensils.
after admiring the cooking utensils she should read the lines 'made in jaunpur' embossed over them.
referring to the prime minister's comment that he has been summoned by ganga 'maiyya' (mother ganga) as her son, rahul said, modiji should tell whether the river ganga has only one son in india.
the congress vice-president alleged that pm modi has forced bjp stalwart l k advani to retire.
continuing in a sarcastic vein, he said that the prime minister was claiming credit for the entire work of the government.
the entire work of the government is done by modiji.
if the isro launches a rocket, modiji claims credit for it.
he went to the us and hugged then us president obama.
he told external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to stay in india, while he went to the us, he said.
addressing the crowd, rahul said that he wanted people to get fair remuneration for their hardwork.
attacking modi, he said the benefits of people's hardwork are being availed by 50 rich families.
every youngster of up wants a good and respectable job.
i have told akhilesh that every district of the state must have one high quality coaching centre, which would impart free coaching to the youth, he said.
new delhi: two sisters today sought help from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in bringing back their mother who is stuck in oman after being allegedly ill-treated by recruitment agents.
the women from haryana sought her help through twitter.
@protectorgengoi pl take stringent action against this agent.
we must take this to the logical conclusion.
/3@indemb_muscat, swaraj tweeted.
the lady is in our shelter home.
by ptiislamabad: prime minister imran khan has claimed that the approach of the ruling bjp was anti-muslim and anti-pakistan and expressed the hope that the stalled bilateral talks could resume after the general elections in india next year.
prime minister khan said his government was keen to bring the perpetrators of the 2008 mumbai attack to book, asserting that it was in the interest of pakistan.
india has elections coming up.
the ruling party [of india] has an anti-muslim, anti-pakistan approach.
they rebuffed all my overtures.
.
.
.
let's hope that after the election is over, we can again resume talks with india, khan said in an interview with 'the washington post' on thursday.
india has firmly told pakistan that talks and terrorism cannot go together.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has categorically ruled out the possibility of resumption of bilateral talks with pakistan unless it stops cross-border terror activities against india.
the general elections are due to be held in india in april or may 2019.
speaking about the mumbai terror attack, khan said pakistan wants something done about the bombers of mumbai.
i have asked our government to find out the status of the case.
resolving that the case is in our interest because it was an act of terrorism, he said.
on november 26, 2008, 10 pakistan-based lashkar-e-taiba (let) terrorists arrived by sea route and opened fire indiscriminately, killing 166 people.
nine of the attackers were killed by police while lone survivor ajmal kasab was captured and hanged after handed down death sentence by an indian court.
perpetrators of the 26/11 attack, including its mastermind and banned jamat-ud dawa (jud) chief hafiz saeed, continue to roam freely in pakistan, indicating that islamabad is not serious in bringing them to justice.
the jud is believed to be the front group for the let.
the us has offered a usd 10 million bounty for saeed.
after taking charge as prime minister in august this year, khan said he was ready for peace talks with prime minister narendra modi.
pakistan sent a proposal in september to hold foreign ministers' level talks in new york on the sidelines of the united nations general assembly.
india, however, accepted and then rejected the proposal, blaming pakistan for killing a security personnel in jammu and kashmir and accusing it of glorifying terrorism.
both india and pakistan gave the green signal to the much-awaited kartarpur corridor last month.
the 4-km-long corridor will connect dera baba nanak in india's gurdaspur district with gurdwara kartarpur sahib narowal in pakistan.
the corridor will provide visa-free access to the indian sikh pilgrims to the gurdwara which is located in shakargarh in narowal district of pakistan's punjab province.
i have opened a visa-free peace corridor with india called kartarpur [so that indian sikhs can visit a holy shrine in pakistan].
let's hope that after the election is over, we can again resume talks with india, khan said in the interview.
it is said that guru nanak dev, the founder of sikhism, had spent more than 18 years of his life there.
the kartarpur sahib gurdwara is located on the banks of the ravi river, about three-four kilometres from the border in pakistan.
by ptinew delh: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tuesday held constructive talks with her iranian counterpart javad zarif and conveyed to him that india will take a decision on import of iranian oil after the lok sabha polls, keeping in mind its commercial, economic and energy security interests.
the talks between the two foreign ministers came 12 days after the us ended six-month-long exemptions from sanctions to india and seven other countries to buy oil from iran.
zarif's visit here came amid escalating face-off between iran and the united states on tehran's nuclear programme.
in a tweet, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar described the discussions between swaraj and zarif as constructive.
eam @sushmaswaraj and iranian foreign minister @jzarif held constructive discussions on all bilateral issues of mutual interest.
good exchange of views on the evolving regional situation, including afghanistan, he said.
relations spanning millenniaeam @sushmaswaraj and iranian foreign minister @jzarif held constructive discussions on all bilateral issues of mutual interest.
good exchange of views on the evolving regional situation, including afghanistan.
pic.
twitter.com/bf04by3hlj  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) may 14, 2019official sources said swaraj reiterated the position that a decision will be taken after the elections based on commercial considerations, energy security and economic interests.
in the meeting, zarif recalled the steps announced by president hassan rouhani on may 8 including decisions linked to the export of enriched uranium and heavy water, the sources said.
the iranian foreign minister also mentioned that 60 days timeline has been given to eu-3 and other parties to joint comprehensive plan of action, or jcpoa for restoring iran's oil and banking channels, the sources said.
also read | iranian foreign minister arrives in delhi to hold talks with sushmaswaraj swarajin a televised address, rouhani had on may 8 said that iran would suspend some parts of its commitments to the jcpoa, but will not fully withdraw from it.
in the meeting with zarif, the indian side reiterated its position on jcpoa and said new delhi would like all parties to continue to fulfill their commitments and that they should engage constructively to the issues peacefully, the sources said.
they said the visit took place at zarif's own initiative to brief india on the iranian approach to the recent developments in the region, including on jcpoa, and to review bilateral cooperation.
this was part of their consultation with other countries in the region including russia, china, turkmenistan, and iraq over the last few days, said a source.
in the meeting, swaraj and zarif shared their views on the situation in afghanistan and agreed to maintain close coordination on the evolving situation, the sources said.
they said both sides expressed satisfaction at the operationalisation of the interim contract on the chabahar port between india ports global limited (ipgl) and ports and maritime organization (pmo).
the us sanctions on iran is unlikely to impact the chabahar port project.
in may last year, the us had brought back sanctions on iran after withdrawing from the iran nuclear deal which was struck in 2015.
the us had told india and other countries to cut oil imports from the gulf nation to zero by november 4 or face sanctions.
however, washington had granted a six-month waiver from sanctions to eight countries, including india.
the waiver ended on may 2.
india, the world's third-biggest oil consumer, meets more than 80 per cent of its oil needs through imports.
iran is its third largest supplier after iraq and saudi arabia and meets about 10 per cent of its total needs.
indo-iran ties have been on an upswing in the past few years.
prime minister narendra modi visited tehran in may 2016 with an aim to craft a strategic relationship with iran and expand india's ties with west asia.
during the visit, india and iran signed nearly a dozen agreements, centrepiece of which was a deal on development of chabahar port.
later, india, iran and afghanistan signed a trilateral agreement providing for transport of goods among the three countries through the port.
united nations: in a sharp rebuttal to pakistan, india said at the un that it hoped the message is loud and clear that kashmir is an integral part of india and will always remain so.
india's first secretary in the indian mission to the un eenam gambhir on monday evening again delivered a short and cutting reply to pakistan's un envoy maleeha lodhi, who said in her right of reply that jammu and kashmir never was and can never be an integral part of india.
gambhir, who was chosen to deliver india's stinging reply to pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif's un address last week, said in response to lodhi's statement: and finally, it appears that the distinguished representative of pakistan did not hear what our minister of external affairs said - that the state of jammu and kashmir is an integral part of india and will always continue to do so.
we hope the message is loud and clear.
gambhir, who has been feted in indian media for the calm and composed manner of her speech delivery, said that the pakistani envoy's speech were the views of a dysfunctional state which builds atrocity upon atrocity on its own people preaching about values of tolerance, democracy and human rights.
we reject entirely these sermons.
she said lodhi's right to reply to indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's speech was aimed to divert attention from the country's continued sponsorship of terror and described her remarks on the kashmir unrest as fanciful and misleading.
can the representative of pakistan clarify how is it that terror sanctuaries and safe havens in her country continue to flourish despite the pakistan army's much-vaunted counter terrorism operations, and the billions of dollars of international counter terrorism aid it obtains?
can the representative of pakistan confirm that they do not use terrorist proxies and export terrorism as a matter of state policy?
, gambhir said.
taking on pakistan for its past assurance to india, gambhir said: can the representative deny that pakistan has assured in 2004 that it will not allow its territory to be used for terror attacks against india, and can the representative of pakistan deny that pakistan has failed to deliver on the assurance given at the highest level.
referring to the 1971 bangladesh war of liberation, she asked if pakistan can deny that its armed forces committed one of the most extensive and heinous genocides in 1971, and will it deny it used air strikes and artillery on its own people repeatedly.
gambhir asked the pakistani envoy to explain why that country's civil society is being silenced by a plethora of heavily armed militias that go by names such as jaish' or army, lashkar' or army, sipah' or soldiers and harkat' or armed movement.
there was a news report that a kenyan lady was victim of assault and robbery on 22 aug.
we called for a report from delhi police, she said in a series of tweets.
a case under s.394/34 ipc was registered and both the accused have been arrested by delhi police.
we call for an immediate and detailed report from state governments/uts in all cases affecting foreign nationals in india, she posted.
by ptinew delhi: prime minister narendra modi friday announced a rs 4,500 crore financial assistance to bhutan for its 12th five-year plan after holding wide-ranging talks with his bhutanese counterpart lotay tshering.
in his media statement, modi said hydropower cooperation with bhutan is a key aspect of bilateral ties and that work on the mangdechhu project will soon be completed.
tshering arrived here on thursday on his first foreign visit after taking charge as pm of the himalayan nation last month following his party's victory in the general elections.
modi said he has assured the bhutanese prime minister that india, as a trusted friend, will continue to play an important role in bhutan's development.
india will contribute rs 4,500 crore in bhutan's 12th five-year plan, modi said.
tshering on his part noted that prime minister modi was the first head of state to to congratulate him on his electoral victory.
he also thanked india for its continued support to his country's developmental needs.
the new five-year plan of bhutan began this year and will continue till 2022.
earlier in the day, tshering was accorded a ceremonial welcome at the rashtrapati bhavan.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also called on the bhutanese premier this morning.
swaraj congratulated tshering on the assumption of the high office of bhutan's prime minister and the two leaders had a warm exchange of views on important aspects of the bilateral relationship, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
tshering also laid a wreath at mahatma gandhi's 'samadhi' at rajghat.
syed asif ali nizami (right) and syed nazim ali nizami (second right) have a word with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi on monday | shekhar yadavnew delhi: two indian clerics, who went missing in pakistan, returned on monday, though confusion remained over what really happened to them there, with some reports claiming that they had been picked up by pakistans spy agency inter-services intelligence (isi).
syed asif nizami (80), the sajjadanashin (head cleric) of the hazrat nizamuddin dargah, returned after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj sought the intervention of foreign affairs advisor to pakistan prime minister, sartaj aziz, to secure their safe return.
the two had gone missing after visiting the famous data durbar shrine in lahore.
they flew back by a pakistan international airlines flight and met external sushmaswaraj swaraj here.
though the two clerics did not divulge much about what transpired in pakistan, asif nizami said he was blindfolded and taken to an undisclosed place.
i was sitting at the lahore airport with my boarding pass when suddenly some people came and told me there were details lacking in my passport.
when the flight was about to depart, i was asked to accompany them.
i felt helpless.
soon 8-10 people surrounded me and i was taken out through another gate, asif nizami said.
he added that they put a cloth over my head and took us somewhere.
he, however, said his stay was comfortable: and the room he was kept in had a bed, pillows and an air conditioner.
however, sajid nizami, son of asif nizami, alleged that the duo was taken away after a report appeared in a pakistani urdu daily which claimed the duo had links with indian external intelligence agency research and analysis wing (r&aw).
on whether they were detained by pakistani authorities, sajid said, yes.
when asked if the powerful isi was involved in their disappearance and whether they were harassed, sajid said no force or coercion was used against them.
after meeting swaraj, nazim ali nizami thanked the indian government, particularly the minister, for their safe return and said they had gone to the neighbouring country with a message of peace and love.
whatever we faced during this time should not mean that india and pakistan should have another reason to feel bitter about each other.
the efforts to build peace and amity must continue even more, ali nizami was quoted as saying.
islamabad: india has issued a medical visa to a two-and-a-half-month-old baby from pakistan, suffering from a heart disease, after his father sought intervention of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
swaraj's intervention came after the infant's father brought the matter to her notice on twitter.
earlier this week, ken sid, a pakistani national, reached out to swaraj through the social media platform for a medical visa for his son, who has a heart complication which cannot be treated in pakistan.
the child will not suffer.
please contact indian high commission in pakistan.
we will give the medical visa, she had said.
the family had been trying to get a visa for three months.
it is heartening to see humanity prevailing despite many differences.
thank you for your efforts.
humanity prevails!
god bless everyone, the child's father tweeted.
an official at the indian high commission said that a four-month medical visa has been issued to the family so that the boy could undergo heart surgery in india.
ailing pakistanis frequently to travel to india on medical visas to seek treatment for complicated health problems.
indian hospitals have previously reported receiving around 500 patients from pakistan every month.
many of the unwell needed a liver transplant, which costs between rs2-3 million.
in 2015, five-year-old basma from pakistan had been granted a visa to india for an emergency liver transplant surgery.
there are now many tales like hers, sometimes with footnotes on how the travelling patients were helped financially by indians.
however, the visa process for travellers who want to visit india for medical reasons has slowed amid rising tensions between the two countries over a number of reasons, including the issue of cross-border terrorism and pakistani military sentencing to death indian national kulbhushan jadhav on charges of espionage.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday informed that the matter of an indian woman being asked to strip by the security officials as part of 'random security check' has taken up with frankfurt airport authorities and added that police reports are awaited.
sushma took to her twitter handle and said that the reports of the police investigation is awaited in this matter.
earlier on saturday, sushmaswaraj sought report over the alleged incident at germany's frankfurt airport.
she urged the consul general of india at frankfurt raveesh kumar to send her a report over the incident.
raveesh - plz send me a report on this.
@cgifrankfurt, swaraj tweeted.
the woman claimed in a facebook post that she was forced to remove her clothes as part of 'random security checks' while she was on her way to iceland via germany with her family.
the 30-year old, an indian passport holder icelandic residence permit, was travelling with her icelandic husband and a four year old daughter when the incident happened.
as claimed in the post, she was travelling to iceland from india, via frankfurt when she was asked to move aside for the 'random check' and with no other explanations offered.
i was taken into a room, and was asked to lift my dress/ take it off so that i could be checked to make sure i wasn't 'carrying anything under my clothes'.
this whole ordeal happened in front of my 4 year old, the woman said in the post.
telling her ordeal she said, i was given no explanation as to why i was put through this ordeal.
my constant requests to be patted down gently because of a recent abdominal surgery (proof of which i was carrying on hand) was constantly ignored and resulted in being shouted at aggressively by the woman in charge.
she then proceeded to call her supervisor who parroted the same lines about how they wanted me to take my dress off.
the woman was the only person pulled aside for the strip search, she adds alleging it to be a case of racial profiling.
by ptinew delhi: union minister hardeep singh puri said thursday of what use will be the kartarpur corridor if pakistan continues to support cross-border terrorism against india.
puri, who represented the indian government at the groundbreaking ceremony of the corridor, said while kartarpur was a corridor of hope and goodwill it cannot be insulated from the ground reality.
the corridor links darbar sahib in pakistan - the final resting place of sikh faith's founder guru nanak - with dera baba nanak shrine in india's gurdaspur.
the fact of the matter is that the ground reality is characterised by one state using terror as an instrument of policy against a neighbouring state, he said here on the sidelines of the cement manufacturers association of india's annual convention here.
puri, the union minister of state of housing and urban affairs (independent charge), also said,now what use of the corridor would be, if these kind of acts of terrorism or elements which are committed to creating trouble (continue).
read | kartarpur corridor, yes.
talks, no, says indiareiterating the government's stand on dialogue with pakistan, he said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has already gone on record that terror and talks do not make a good companion.
so you cannot have talks when the other side (pakistan) has terror, puri said.
he also cautioned against the blind euphoria over the corridor, saying that all i have to say is, let us build on this and its goodwill on both sides.
if you can see reduction or curtailment of terror, which is unleashed on us all the time, yes (then) it could become a corridor of hope, puri said.
kartarpur sahib in pakistan is located across the river ravi, about four kilometres from the dera baba nanak shrine.
it was established by the sikh guru in 1522.
the corridor will facilitate visa-free movement of indian sikh pilgrims, who will have to just obtain a permit to visit kartarpur.
by express news servicenew delhi: in a bid to strengthen indias relation with mongolia, union home minister rajnath singh on thursday left for his maiden three-day visit to the strategically important east asian country that shares its boundaries with china and russia.
the minister in his pre-departure message said india wanted to realise the huge potential of bilateral relations with mongolia.
leaving for ulaanbaatar on a 3 day visit to mongolia.
looking forward to further indias relations with mongolia and strengthen security cooperation.
mongolia is an important strategic partner.
india wants to realise the huge potential of bilateral relations with mongolia, singh tweeted.
he will participate in the groundbreaking ceremony of an oil refinery at ulaanbaatar on friday, a home ministry spokesperson said, adding that the minister will also attend a reception hosted by mongolian prime minister on the same day.
singh will call upon mongolian president on june 23, the spokesperson said.
the home minister will also visit a buddhist monastery and hold a meeting with his counterpart and minister for justice and interior affairs on saturday.
he is expected to visit the headquarters of mongolias border protection force before returning to delhi on june 24.
the home ministers visit is likely to further intensify bilateral relations in key areas.
india was the first country outside the then socialist bloc to establish diplomatic ties with mongolia on december 24, 1955.
india had supported mongolia in getting united nations and non-aligned movement berths.
both the countries also share common concerns on terrorism.
in 2015, narendra modi had visited the country, the first ever by an indian prime minister.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also visited the country in april this year and discussed economic cooperation in infrastructure development, energy, services and information technology with her mongolian counterpart.
the two countries agreed to explore the possibility of launching direct air connectivity between new delhi and mongolian capital ulaanbaatar.
swaraj was the first indian foreign minister to visit the resource-rich country in 42 years.
tirunelveli/kanniyakumari : thanks to the constant efforts of indian embassy in juba, south sudan, the sudan peoples liberation army-in opposition (spla-io), a rebel force which had abducted two indian engineers on march 8, released them on thursday.
the two are on their way home.
b mithun ganesh (25) and a edward (40) from vadakkankulam of tirunelveli and thingalsanthai of kanniyakumari respectively - were abducted while on duty in dar oilfield at adar in the upper nile state.
since then, the indian embassy has been working with south sudanese officials to rescue the engineers.
meanwhile, spla-io had reportedly demanded a ransom of $1 million for their release.
however, the transitional government of national unity (tgonu) of the republic of south sudan had refused to pay ransom.
then, on march 16, the indian embassy appealed to the rebels to release the indians as a humanitarian gesture.
srikumar menon, ambassador to south sudan, met first vice president taban deng gai, foreign minister deng alor and petroleum minister ezekiel lol gatlkouth.
following constant efforts by senior officials and humanitarian agencies, mithun, edward and ayaz jamali, a pakistani also abducted by the rebels, were finally released on march 30 and brought to khartoum, capital of north sudan by indian officials.
speaking to express, muthu vijaya boopathy, mithuns father said, i spoke to my son twice today.
he is safe and we are very happy and relieved.
we thank external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, he added.
new delhi: african countries have condemned the inadequate action by india in taking deterring measures against perpetrators of xenophobic and racial attacks against african students in delhi and threatened to seek an independent probe by un human rights council (unhrc).
the strongly worded unanimous statement from the heads of the african missions has come as a diplomatic slap for india that has been trying to do some face-saving by refusing to categorise the attacks as racially-motivated and instead termed it as criminal acts.
the heads of african missions accredited to india had convened a special meeting to look into the recent attacks against african students in greater noida.
taking into account the previous spate of incidents, the diplomats concluded that no known, sufficient, and visible deterring measures were taken by the government of india.
while external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had condemned the attack and assured of action against the perpetrators, there has been a political silence from the government of uttar pradeshsomething that the diplomats said was expected.
in a press statement issued by the office of dean of the african group head of missions on march 31 they condemned the incident in greater noida where four nigerian students were beaten up.
the meeting unanimously agreed that those accumulated attacks against africans are xenophobic and racial in nature, the statement said.
talking about their future course of action, the diplomats agreed to call for an independent investigation by the human rights council as well as other human rights bodies and also to comprehensively report the matter to the african union commission.
while india has been looking towards strengthening its economic ties with countries in the african countries, a slew of violent incidents against africans in india that reek of racism has been proving to be a big impediment.
reacting to the strong remarks by african envoys, the ministry of external affairs said: it is unfortunate that a criminal act triggered following the untimely death of indian student has been termed xenophobic and racial.
investigations are ongoing.
the mob attack on the nigerian students took place on march 27 and it coincided with a protest that was organised by online groups.
a video grab of kulbhushan jadhavs statement released by pakistan.
india has said that jadhav was tortured and video was recorded under immense pressure | express photo servicenew delhi: india today said it was yet to get a response from pakistan on its demand for a certified copy of the charge-sheet as well as the military court order awarding death sentence to the retired indian navy officer kulbhushan jadhav.
we have sought from the foreign ministry (of pakistan) a certified copy of the charge-sheet as well as the judgement in the death sentence of jadhav, but there is no response yet from pakistan's side, mea spokesperson gopal baglay told reporters.
india had already announced that it would appeal against the death sentence to jadhav.
indian high commissioner in islamabad, gautam bambawale, had met pakistan foreign secretary tehmina janjua on friday in connection with the case and demanded a certified copy of the charge-sheet and the judgement, besides consular access to jadhav.
also read: pakistan to submit new dossier on kulbhushan jadhav to un: reportindia made the demand for the two documents on friday when the indian high commissioner in islamabad met the pakistan foreign secretary, said baglay, replying to a question on the issue.
the death sentence to jadhav, 46, was confirmed by pakistan army chief general qamar javed bajwa after the field general court martial found him guilty of espionage and sabotage activities in pakistan.
pakistan claims its security forces had arrested jadhav from the restive balochistan province on march 3 last year after he reportedly entered from iran.
it also claimed that he was a serving officer in the indian navy.
the pakistan army had also released a confessional video of jadhav after his arrest.
however, india denied pakistan's contention and maintained that jadhav was kidnapped by the pakistan authorities.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had warned that jadhav's execution would be taken by india as a pre-meditated murder and pakistan should consider its consequences on bilateral relations if it proceeds on this matter.
beijing: state run chinese media has alleged indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj of lying in her country's parliament on the border standoff between india and china in doklam.
in an editorial titled military conflicts to escalate if india refuses to withdraw troops, the global times, citing indian media reports, said that indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday informed her countrys parliament that all countries are in india's support, and india is alert to the need to protect its security near the border where the boundaries of china, india and bhutan meet.
she was lying to the parliament.
first, india's invasion of chinese territory is a plain fact.
new delhi's impetuous action stuns the international community.
no other country will support india's aggression.
second, india's military strength is far behind that of china.
if the conflict between china and india escalates to the intensity where their row has to be resolved through military means, india will surely lose, the editorial added.
calling doklam a chinese territory, the daily suggested that india should abandon the fantasy of a long-term standoff at doklam.
the daily warned that china will by no means agree to the withdrawal of troops from both sides in order for talks to be held and it will not compromise on its stance.
the global times further said that withdrawal of indian troops is must for precondition for talks between the two sides.
it said indias stance has subtly shifted and it has started referring to doklam as a tri-junction area of china, india and bhutan.
these changes show new delhis guilty conscience, it said.
india should have heard about the news that the peoples liberation army (pla) has deployed troops near the china-india border and transported materials and supplies to the area.
the pla is also reportedly conducting drills for mountain operations.
these are certainly not for show.
now that the pla has moved in on the china-india border, they will definitely not call back troops unless they recover the chinese territory, it went on to say.
the editorial stressed chinas military might and said that the country cannot afford to lose an inch of territory.
the china-india border area may become a stage where china showcases the achievement of its long-term military development and reforms, it said.
the daily warned that china might get itself prepared for a military confrontation against india if indian troops continue trespassing into china's territory and resolve the conflict through non-diplomatic means.
the editorial comes as indian and chinese troops continue to be locked in a standoff in doklam.
both sides have moved additional troops, ammunition and military equipment to the area.
the people's liberation army (pla) of china has beefed up its defence in a region south of the kunlun mountains under the pretext of conducting a military exercise near tibet.
hardware has been moved simultaneously by road and rail by china's western theatre command, which oversees the restive regions of xinjiang and tibet,and handles, among others, border issues with india, media reports have said.
this show of strength is being projected by beijing as a warning to india by china to back off from its objection to china constructing a road at the doklam tri-junction.
on thursday, the ministry of external affairs (mea) reiterated that differences between india and china should not and would not be allowed to become disputes, and added that communication between the two governments have never ceased, nor have been broken.
the differences between india and china should not be allowed to become dispute.
every powerful player, power in the world prefers peaceful resolution of matters that are in hand.
the diplomatic channels and diplomatic communications have never been ceased, they have never broken, mea spokesperson gopal baglay told media.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj informed parliament that all countries, including bhutan, are with india with regard to the dokhlam plateau stand-off.
india wants that troops are removed from the tri-junction point to discuss the issue together.
all countries, including bhutan, are with us, sushmaswaraj told members of the rajya sabha.
over the years, china has been trying to get closer and closer to where the tri-junction point ends.
it has done things like repair roads, re-tar them and things like that,swaraj added.
if china unilaterally changes status-quo of tri-junction point between china-india and bhutan, then it poses a challenge to our security.
we have the law and right on our side, she said about india's position.
the issue of china's presence in the south china sea was also countered by swaraj, who said, there is no threat to india from beijing in terms of sea presence.
bhutan recognises doklam as its area, while china claims it as part of its donglang region.
doka la is the indian name for the region.
ramananda sengupta byexpress news servicenew delhi: the major suicide attack on a crpf convoy by pakistan based jaish-e-mohammed, often described as a lapdog of the isi, sparked outrage and condemnation from across the world.
strangely enough, there was no statement from pakistan or china at the time of going to press.
the us mission in india strongly condemns todays terrorist attack in jammu & kashmir.
we send our heartfelt condolences to the families of the victims.
the united states stands alongside india in confronting terror and defeating it, tweeted us ambassador to india kenneth juster.
the u.s. mission in india strongly condemns todays terrorist attack in jammu & kashmir.
we send our heartfelt condolences to the families of the victims.
the united states stands alongside india in confronting terror and defeating it.
#kashmirterrorattack  ken juster (@usambindia) 14 february 2019variously condemning it as heinous, horrific, brutal, vile, barbaric and cowardly, every mission and government expressed condolences for the victims and support for the fight against terror.
our thoughts go out to the families of the fallen soldiers.
france has always been and always will be by indias side in the fight against terrorism in all its forms, declared alexandre ziegler, the french ambassador in delhi.
also read | timeline: major terror attacks on security forces in jammu and kashmir since 1999.
i call on each state to effectively combat terrorist networks and their funding channels and to prevent the cross-border movement of terrorist groups, such as jaish-e-mohamed, who has claimed responsibility for this attack, added the french minister of europe and foreign affairs, jean-yves le drian.
israel.
stands by our indian friends during this difficult hour.
we send our deepest condolences to the cprf and their families, the people of india and the indian government following the terrible kashmir terror attack, said ambassador dr ron malka.
germany strongly condemns today's heinous terrorist attack in jammu and kashmir.
our thoughts are with the victims and their families, said the german embassy.
we denounce terrorism in all its forms and manifestations and reiterate the need to combat these inhuman acts with decisive and collective response without any double standards.
may we express sincere condolences to the grieving families of the deceased and wish a speedy recovery to those injured, said a statement issued by the russian embassy in delhi.
closer home, sri lankas prime minister ranil wickremesinghe tweeted the brutal terrorist attack in kashmir's pulwama district (was) the worst ever terror attack in jammu and kashmir since 1989.
i express my condolences to @narendramodi and the families of police officers who lost their lives.
i strongly condemn the brutal terrorist attack in kashmir's pulwama district  the worst ever terror attack in jammu and kashmir since 1989.
i express my condolences to @narendramodi and the families of police officers who lost their lives.
ranil wickremesinghe (@rw_unp) 14 february 2019it was with deep shock and horror that i learnt of the bomb blast in pulwama, kashmir, that caused tragic loss of life and distress to many dozens of crpf personnel, wrote abdulla shahid, the maldives foreign minister in a message to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
at this time of sorrow and devastation, i wish to extend on behalf of the government and the people of the maldives and in my own name, profound condolences and sympathies to the people of india, and especially to the bereaved families of the brave indian army.
the maldives is fully committed to the fight against terrorism and will continue to work closely with india, and the international community in eliminating this global menace, he added.
mea hits out at paknew delhi: the ministry of external affairs on friday hit out at pakistan and reiterated the demand that jaish-e-mohammad chief, masood azhar, be proscribed by the un.
the move to declare azhar a terrorist by the un has been consistently blocked by china.
this heinous and despicable act has been perpetrated by jaish-e-mohammed, a pakistan-based and supported terrorist organisation proscribed by the united nations and other countries, said a mea statement.
by ptinew delhi: prime minister narendra modi thursday chaired a high-level meeting on security amid the heightened tensions with pakistan and after imran khan announced the release of an indian air force pilot captured by his country.
officials sources said the meeting was attended by chiefs of the three services, national security advisor ajit doval, finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and defence minister nirmala sitharaman.
several other senior officials also attended the meeting held at the prime minister's residence here.
an iaf pilot was captured by pakistan after an air combat on wednesday during which the two sides said they shot down each other's warplanes that followed an unsuccessful attempt to target indian military installations in retaliatory strikes that sparked fears of war.
khan thursday announced that iaf's captured pilot, wing commander abhinandan varthaman, will be released on friday as a gesture of peace and the first step to open negotiations with india.
by ptinew delhi: non-resident indians who marry an indian citizen or a fellow nri abroad have to compulsorily register their marriages within 30 days or face the prospects of their passports being impounded or even revoked, according to a bill introduced in rajya sabha on monday.
the registration of marriage of non-resident indian bill, 2019 also allows courts to attach movable and immovable properties of nris who are declared proclaimed offenders for failing to appear before law.
the draft law also allows courts to send summonses and warrants to the accused through a specially designated website to be hosted by the ministry of external affairs.
the bill was introduced by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in the upper house.
the bill comes against the backdrop of cases of indian women being trapped in fraudulent marriages with non-resident indians.
according to the bill, the passport act and the code of criminal procedure will be amended to allow passport authorities to revoke or impound passport or travel documents of the accused, and allow courts to attach their properties.
the bill states that if an nri marries an indian citizen here, the marriage has to be registered as per local laws.
if the marriage takes place abroad, it has to be registered with designated officers to be appointed in foreign countries.
an nri is an indian citizen who resides outside india.
the proposed law will be applicable to nris marrying indian women within or even outside india, the bill states.
according to mea data available in the form of parliamentary questions, 3,328 complaints were received between january, 2015 and november, 2017 from indian women who have been deserted by their nri husbands.
according to an mea press statement, the introduction of the bill was necessitated due to numerous complaints received from indian nationals mostly women deserted or harassed by their nri spouses.
the bill proposes to offer greater protection to indian women married to nris and serve as a deterrent to nris against harassment of their spouses.
this would provide much needed relief to all indian women married to nris worldwide, it said.
since the budget session ends on wednesday and is the last session before lok sabha elections, the bill is unlikely to be passed.
as it has been introduced in rajya sabha and is likely to remain pending there, it would not lapse on the dissolution of the present (16th) lok sabha on june 3.
by ptibeijing: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj arrived here today on a four-day visit during which she will hold talks with her chinese counterpart wang yi and take part in the foreign ministers' meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco).
swaraj is due to meet wang tomorrow.
this is their first meeting after wang was elevated as state councillor last month which makes him the top diplomat of the country in the chinese hierarchy.
he also continues to be foreign minister.
their meeting is part of efforts by the two countries to step up the pace of high-level interactions to improve relations, official sources here told pti.
following the dokalam standoff last year both countries increased dialogue to scale down tensions and improve relations with talks at various levels.
swaraj and wang are meeting in the immediate backdrop of the recent meeting between national security advisor ajit doval and top official of the ruling communist party of china (cpc) yang jiechi in shanghai.
both sides also held the 11th joint economic group meeting and the fifth strategic economic dialogue (sed).
besides meetings between officials from the two foreign ministries, both sides also held working mechanism meetings on border affairs and cross border rivers as well disarmament and non-proliferation dialogue in which india's entry into nsg was discussed.
swaraj will take part in the foreign ministers' meeting of the eight-member sco on april 24.
she along with other foreign ministers of the group would call on chinese president xi jinping on april 23, and will leave for mongolia the next day.
this is the first meeting of the group after india and pakistan were admitted into the sco last year.
the sco, in which china and russia play an influential role, specialises in regional security and counter terrorism and related issues.
the organisation is comprised of china, russia, india, pakistan, tajikistan, kazakhstan, uzbekistan and kyrgyzstan.
a host of issues, including regional security and terrorism, would be discussed at the meeting which is a preparatory meet ahead of the sco summit to be held in the chinese city of qingdao in june with prime minister narendra modi also scheduled to take part in it.
also, defence minister nirmala sitharaman will arrive here on april 23 to take part in the sco defence ministers' meeting to be held the next day.
swaraj and sitharaman would be in beijing around the same time to attend their respective meetings.
sitharaman is also expected to meet her chinese counterpart lt gen wei fenghe.
by ptiislamabad: pakistan's political leaders thursday supported prime minister imran khan's peace initiative to defuse rising tensions with india in the wake of the pulwama terror attack, saying war was not a solution to problems between the two countries.
prime minister khan said thursday pakistan was ready for talks with india on all issues including terrorism, maintaining that dialogue is the only way for peace and stability in the region.
chairing a cabinet meeting, khan briefed the members about the latest developments in the indo-pak relations following the february 14 pulwama terror attack which killed 40 crpf soldiers.
almost all political leaders, who spoke during the joint session of parliament convened to discuss the security situation, said that war was not a solution of the problems.
they, however, said pakistan should fight back if a war was imposed on it.
pakistan muslim league-nawaz representative and joint opposition leader shehbaz sharif in his speech fully supported the government initiative to engage in peace diplomacy with india to end the current tension.
noting that kashmir problem should be resolved, sharif said to hold pakistan responsible for kashmiri resistance is an age-old tactic employed by india.
the world should understand, that in the presence of all these things, there can never be peace.
in this situation, i believe more burhan wanis will be born, he warned.
tensions have escalated between india and pakistan in the wake of the pulwama attack claimed by pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammed (jem) terror group.
india carried out air strikes against the biggest training camp of jem in balakot.
in the operation, a very large number of jem terrorists, trainers, senior commanders and groups of jihadis who were being trained for suicide attacks were eliminated.
the facility at balakot was headed by yousuf azhar, the brother-in-law of the jem chief.
pakistan on wednesday claimed it shot down two indian fighter jets over pakistani air space and arrested a pilot.
later, prime minister khan said that pakistan will release the captured indian pilot wing commander abhinandan varthaman as a goodwill gesture.
sharif also lauded the armed forces for their retaliatory action against indian intrusions.
paf fighters deserve praise.
they have made the nation proud.
it has been proven that our armed forces will defend every inch of this land and not hesitate from making any sacrifices, he said.
pakistan peoples party leader and former premier raja pervaiz ashraf welcomed the goodwill gesture by the government to release the captured pilot.
he also said that pakistan army was ready to face any threat and will retaliate with full power if a war was imposed.
we are blessed with one of the best armies but we do not want to escalate, he said.
he, however, urged the government not to boycott the oic meeting over the issue of the invitation to foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
railway minister sheikh rashid ahmad said that the initiative of prime minister khan was laudable but doubted that the indian leadership was serious about peace with pakistan.
what is the guarantee for peace with india if another attack occurs, and again india blamed pakistan?
he asked.
pml-n leader senator raja zafarul haq said peace was important for the two countries.
jodhpur: while india and pakistan are busy rattling sabres, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has kept her good samaritan work going on twitter.
now what has she done?
the twitter-happy minister has promised to help a betrothed india-pakistani couple wed amid their entire bilateral khaandan.
jodhpur resident naresh tewani and karachi-based priya bachchani are to wed next month but the bride's family has not been granted visas to india although they had applied three months ago.
given the current puffing up of war chests on either side of the line of control, groom tweani was growing anxious.
knowing swaraj's response on twitter, he decided to ask the minister herself for help.
as she has done for several other seekers of help on the social media platform, swaraj responded on friday: pl do not worry.
we will issue the visa(sic), she said on her twitter handle (@sushmaswaraj).
tewani said this was a relief as wedding preparations had come to a standstill as all the bride's efforts were being directed towards getting the visas from the indian embassy.
the minister has been quite responsive to tweets by people in trouble.
seeing her willingness to resolve the troubles of those in need, we knocked on her twitter account, tewani said.
this is only the latest good deed performed by swaraj, aside from her onerous duties as india's foreign minister.
in the past she has helped a pakistani student get admission in a medical college in india, ensured the safe passage home for a pakistani student leader.
lahore: pakistan today conveyed to india that it was seriously pursuing with its law enforcement agencies the case of two missing indian clerics, an issue external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said has been taken up with the pakistani government.
foreign office spokesperson nafees zakaria told pti in islamabad that, no clue to the missing indian priests has been found so far but pakistan was pro-actively pursuing the case.
we have taken up this matter with government of pakistan and requested them for an update on both the indian nationals in pakistan.
both are missing after they landed in karachi airport, tweeted swaraj.
80-year-old syed asif nizami is the head priest (sajjadanashin) of hazrat nizamuddin aulia dargah.
official sources in new delhi said pakistan has conveyed that it was seriously pursuing the case with its law enforcement agencies.
zakaria also said, we have asked all departments concerned to look into the matter, noting that the foreign office had received the request of the indian government to trace the two clerics.
exchanges between clerics of the nizamuddin dargah and the daata darbar are part of a regular tradition.
by ptikartarpur: prime minister imran khan wednesday laid the foundation stone for a corridor linking gurdwara darbar sahib in pakistan's kartarpur - the final resting place of sikh faith's founder guru nanak dev - to dera baba nanak shrine in india's gurdaspur district to facilitate visa-free movement of indian sikh pilgrims.
kartarpur sahib in pakistan is located across the river ravi, about four kilometres from the dera baba nanak shrine.
it was established by the sikh guru in 1522.
the first gurdwara, gurdwara kartarpur sahib, was built here, where guru nanak dev is said to have died.
read| stop terror, kartarpur corridor not linked to bilateral dialogue, sushmaswaraj swaraj tells pakistanthe kartarpur corridor, which will facilitate the visa-free travel of indian sikh pilgrims to gurdwara darbar sahib in kartarpur, is expected to be completed within six months.
the development comes ahead of guru nanak's 550th birth anniversary next year.
thousands of sikh devotees from india visit pakistan every year to celebrate the birth anniversary of guru nanak.
india had proposed the corridor to pakistan around 20 years back.
india was represented by union ministers harsimrat kaur badal and hardeep singh puri at the event.
punjab cabinet minister navjot singh sidhu also attended the ceremony.
last week, pakistan and india announced that they would develop the corridor on their respective side of the border to help indian pilgrims visit gurdwara darbar sahib in kartarpur.
india-pakistan ties nose-dived in recent years with no bilateral talks taking place.
the ties between the two countries had strained after the terror attacks by pakistan-based groups in 2016.
pakistan had invited external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who thanked her pakistani counterpart shah mahmood qureshi for the invite and said she was unable to travel to kartarpur sahib due to prior commitments.
the issue of kartarpur sahib came into focus after punjab minister navjot singh sidhu visited pakistan in august to attend the oath-taking ceremony of his cricketer-turned-politician friend imran khan as prime minister of that country.
after his return, sidhu said that pakistan army chief qamar javed bajwa had told him that pakistan may open a corridor to kartarpur sahib.
sidhu has already arrived in lahore with a group of indian journalists to attend the groundbreaking ceremony on wednesday.
by uninew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday evening joined issue with her pakistani counterpart shah mahmood qureshi for his 'googly' remarks on kartarpur corridor engagement between two sides and said such remarks has only exposed islamabad's policy makers.
mr foreign minister of pakistan - your 'googly' remarks in a dramatic manner has exposed none but you, ms swaraj tweeted two days after mr qureshi told a function in islamabad on thursday that imran (khan) delivered a 'googly' and india sent two ministers to pakistan.
ms swaraj maintained the remarks from mr qureshi only showed that you have no respect for sikh sentiments.
you only play googlies.
let me explain to you that we were not trapped by your 'googlies', the external affairs minister said making it clear that two sikh ministers went to kartarpur sahib to offer prayers in the holy gurudwara.
senior akali dal leader and union minister harsimrat kaur badal, who went to kartarpur on november 28 along with another minister hardeep singh puri, said on friday there is no space for 'one-upmanship' on the issue.
going to sri kartarpur sahib was matter of faith for me.
indulging in one-upmanship on this sacred issue is uncalled for, ms badal wrote in a tweet.
ms badal also tweeted: no one was bowled over by any googly.
ms badal - herself a sikh - contended that prime minister modi and ministers have only respected sentiments of sikhs by authoring and participating in this noble initiative.
by ptinagpur: former union finance minister yashwant sinha monday claimed a meeting between external affairs ministers of india and pakistan had been cancelled because sushmaswaraj swaraj did not take the prime minister's office (pmo) into confidence.
the government had last month called off the meeting in new york, within 24 hours after agreeing to it, by citing the brutal killings of three policemen in jammu and kashmir and islamabad releasing postage stamps glorifying kashmiri militant burhan wani.
accusing prime minister narendra modi of centralising the decision making, sinha cited a newspaper report to claim that the engagement was cancelled because external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj did not take the pmo into confidence before the meeting (scheduled between herself and her pakistan counterpart shah mahmood qureshi).
this proves that swaraj's voice is not heard.
this is the reason she is sometimes referred to as a twitter minister, he told reporters here.
read here: mohan bhagwat's ram temple law demand proves rss makeover bid superficial: yashwant sinhasinha also alleged that senior ministers, who are part of the cabinet committee on security (ccs), are being kept in the dark about important decisions.
the home minister didn't know when the bjp withdrew its support to the pdp (peoples democratic front)-led coalition government in jammu and kashmir and the governor's rule was imposed.
similarly, the finance minister was unaware about demonetisation (which was announced by the prime minister in november 2016).
i think the minister came to know about the note ban only at a cabinet meeting.
the (then) defence minister did not know when the rafale deal was going to take place or whether it had already happened, sinha claimed.
the former bjp leader also said that he singled out the four ministers because they are part of the important ccs.
why i am mentioning these four ministers is because they are the members of all important mantri parishad committee that is the cabinet committee on security.
if (the voice of) the ministers of home, defence, foreign affairs and finance portfolios is not heard then who is left in that committee, asked sinha.
he said only the prime minister has a say now in the decision making.
all the important decisions are being taken by the pmo and others merely follow the orders.
the working culture of cabinet, as defined by the constitution, is finished now, he alleged.
new delhi: india and australia on monday committed themselves to deepen the bilateral defence and security partnership while prime minister narendra modi said that cooperation in education and research is a key aspect of the ties between the two countries.
the two countries also signed six memoranda of understanding (mous) following delegation-level talks headed by modi and visiting australian prime minister malcolm turnbull here.
the prime ministers committed to deepening the bilateral defence and security partnership, a joint statement issued following the talks said.
they welcomed the significant progress achieved through the bilateral framework for security cooperation agreed in 2014, it stated.
according to the statement, as fellow indian ocean nations, the two prime ministers also underscored the joint commitment of australia and india to enhance regional cooperation in promoting maritime safety and security and welcomed the important role of the bilateral white shipping agreement.
both countries remain strongly committed to the breadth of their defence ties, including through ongoing annual staff talks for army, navy and air forces, it stated.
it also said that the two prime ministers reiterated their strong commitment to combat terrorism in all its forms and manifestations, and stressed that there can be no justification for acts of terror on any grounds whatsoever.
they asserted that the fight against terrorists, terror organisations and networks should also identify, hold accountable and take strong measures against all those who encourage, support and finance terrorism, provide sanctuary to terrorists and terror groups, and falsely extol their virtues, the statement.
in this regard, the two prime ministers also welcomed the signing of an mou on fighting international terrorism and transnational organised crime.
the other five mous signed following monday's talks are on cooperation in civil aviation security, environment, climate and wildlife, sports, health and medicine, and earth observation and satellite navigation.
addressing the media jointly with turnbull after the talks, prime minister modi said that cooperation in the fields of education and research was one of the most important aspects of india-australia ties.
both india and australia recognise the central value of education and innovation in the prosperity of our societies, he said.
it is no surprise, therefore, that cooperation in the field of education and research is one of the most important aspects of our engagement.
laying stress on students exchanges between the two countries, modi said that while australia was home to over 60,000 indian students, an increasing number of australian students was coming to study in india.
on energy cooperation, the indian prime minister said that he was happy that our dialogue and cooperation in other forms of energy, including renewable energy, is on the up-swing.
and, with the passing of legislation in the australian parliament with bipartisan support, australia is now ready to export uranium to india.
he also called for working closely with members of the east asia summit and the indian ocean rim countries to pursue common interests.
on his part, turnbull said australia was helping india in its water management policy while sharing expertise in the area of renewable energy.
stating that trade in goods and services between the two sides stood at $20 billion, he said there was scope for increasing this.
we are working with india for a quality rcep (regional comprehensive economic partnership), he said.
rcep is a proposed free trade agreement between the 10 member-states of the association of southeast asian nations (asean) and the six countries with which asean has free trade agreements -- australia, china, india, japan, south korea and new zealand.
modi and turbull also jointly inaugurated through video-conferencing the teri-deakin nanobiotechnology centre in gurugram, haryana, set up by india's teri and australia's deakin university.
earlier on monday, turnbull was accorded a ceremonial welcome at rashtrapati bhavan.
thereafter, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on him.
in the afternoon, modi and turnbull travelled by a delhi metro train to visit the akshardham temple in east delhi.
the australian prime minister arrived here on sunday on a four-day state visit to india.
this is turnbull's first bilateral visit to india since he assumed office in september 2015.
his predecessor tony abbott had visited india in september 2014 and this was followed by prime minister modi's visit to australia in november that year.
kozhikode: in an announcement which will cheer the global community, prime minister narendra modi on sunday announced that india would ratify cop21 paris agreement on climate change, which binds each country to cut down on carbon emissions.
the announcement also came just a day before external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is to address the united nation general assembly where she is all set to make a forceful argument to isolate countries sponsoring and exporting terrorism.
i want to make an announcement when we begin to celebrate the birth centenary od deen dayal upadhyay who believed in harmony of people with nature.
india will ratify the cop21 paris agreement on october 2 when the country celebrates the birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi, said mr modi in his address to the national council of the bjp.
mr modi noted that the world and coastal areas in particular are concerned for ways to ensure the global temperature doesn't rise by another two per cent.
 even the coastal kerala could be affected by the consequences of the rise in global temperature, added mr modi.
incidentally, 155 countries need to ratify the paris agreement for its targets to be enforced.
so far 60 countries which account for 48 per cent carbon emissions have ratified the paris agreement.
india accounts for roughly 4.
5 per cent share in the global green house gas emissions.
the paris agreement calls upon both rich and poor countries to take action to curb the rise in global temperatures.
thiruvanthapuram/ kuwait city: an indian nurse from kottayam in kerala was stabbed in kuwait city and is under treatment at farwaniya hospital there.
our embassy has taken up the matter at the highest level in kuwait to ensure safety and security of indian nationals there, she said.
i was informed about the stabbing of mrs. gopika shajikumar an indian national from kottayam.
i asked for an immediate report and we have complete details of the unfortunate incident, swaraj tweeted.
our embassy has taken up the matter at the highest level in kuwait to ensure safety and security of indian nationals there.
/4  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 21, 2017gopika works at the al-jahra hospital there.
last week, another indian nurse from kerala was found murdered in oman.
shebin jeeva, 31, from nedumkandam in idukki district, was found dead in her flat near dohar club in salalah.
she was working in a dental clinic there.
ramananda sengupta byexpress news servicenew delhi: india on friday reacted sharply to pakistans assertion that the country had no role to play in afghanistan.
pakistan foreign office spokesperson mohammed faisal said in islamabad on friday that india had no role in the peace and reconciliation efforts in afghanistan, while islamabad would continue to support and facilitate afghan peace process in good faith and as part of a shared responsibility.
it is not for pakistan to decide as to what role another country has in regional or global affairs, responded mea spokesperson raveesh kumar.
pakistan also cannot decide on behalf of an independent and sovereign country afghanistan and dictate them as to how to conduct their foreign policy.
pakistan should first and foremost introspect on its own role and responsibility in the precarious situation in afghanistan; put an end to all kinds of support to cross-border terrorism from territories under its control; and join international efforts to bring inclusive peace to afghanistan.
a former diplomat who has served in both afghanistan and pakistan said faisals statement exposed pakistans hypocrisy.
what right does pakistan have to impose the psychopaths who call themselves the taliban on afghanistan?
nobody in afghanistan wants a return to the dark, horrific days of taliban ruleyet pakistan is insisting they must be a part of the peace process, the diplomat said.
on january 13, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her counterparts from six central asian states had said they would promote an afghan-led, afghan-owned peace process and reconciliation.
pak cant decide on behalf of india, afghanit is not for pakistan to decide as to what role another country has in regional or global affairs, said mea spokesperson raveesh kumar.
pakistan also cant decide on behalf of.
.
.
afghanistan and dictate them as to how to conduct their foreign policy.
ramananda sengupta byexpress news servicenew delhi: sri lankas prime minister ranil wickremesinghe left for colombo on saturday after a three-day official visit to delhi, during which he met prime minister narendra modi and other senior indian officials.
just before his trip, indian officials played down reports that lankan president maithripala sirisena had told his cabinet during a meeting on tuesday that an indian intelligence agency was plotting to kill him.
this was vehemently denied by colombo and by sirisena, who called up modi to explain that his words had been taken out of context.
on friday, tamil nadu chief minister edappadi palaniswami had written to modi seeking his intervention to free eight fishermen from thoothukudi district picked up by the sri lankan navy on august 21 for allegedly fishing in sri lankan waters, as well as eight others held earlier on similar charges.
the fishermen were later convicted by a sri lankan court for fishing in lankan territory and reportedly fined around rs 25 lakh per head.
sources said the issue was raised during saturdays discussion with modi, who explained india was encouraging the fishermen to undertake deep sea trawling away from sri lankan waters, and thanked the sri lankan forces for abjuring the use of force until then.
most fishermen held by the sri lankan navy are eventually freed by colombo as goodwill gestures, the source explained.
wickremesinghe, accompanied by his wife prof maithree and several officials, arrived in delhi on thursday evening.
lankan pm meets sushmaswaraj , dovalwickremesinghe met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and national security advisor ajit doval besides prime minister modi.
by ptibeijing: the year 2018 will go down as a watershed in india-china relations for its remarkable turnaround - from the brink of a major military standoff to bonhomie - with the first informal summit of the top leaders of the two countries leading to cooling down of tensions between the two asian giants.
in 2017, the bilateral ties were marred by rancour and bitterness over the usd 60 billion china-pakistan economic corridor (cpec), which is part of the belt and road initiative (bri) - a pet project of president xi jinping to consolidate china's influence abroad - followed by the 73-day standoff at doklam.
the deadlock over the cpec and the doklam standoff prompted prime minister narendra modi and president xi to explore peaceful development of ties with an informal summit at wuhan.
under the strategic guidance of the two leaders, the two countries resumed joint military drill in 2018 - the first exercise of its kind since they were locked in the standoff at doklam 18 months ago.
in the current profound dynamic international situation, the sound development of china-india relations conforms to the fundamental interests of both countries, the chinese foreign ministry said, summing up the sino-india ties this year.
looking forward to the year 2019, china is ready to work with india to enhance political mutual trust, deepen exchanges and cooperation across the various fields, properly manage differences and promote faster, better and more stable development of china-india relations, guided by the important consensus reached by leaders of the two countries, it said in a written reply to pti.
while the bri itself posed a major threat to dent india's influence in the south asian neighbourhood with china dolling out billions of dollars in loans for infra projects to smaller countries amid allegations of debt diplomacy, the cpec has emerged as the biggest irritant in sino-india ties.
china went ahead with the cpec disregarding india's protest that it passes through pakistan-occupied kashmir.
india hit back by boycotting the bri forum hosted by president xi last year.
also, china's open opposition to india's efforts to become member of the nuclear suppliers group and stonewalling of new delhi's bid to declare pakistan-based terror outfit jaish-e-muhammad chief masood azhar as a global terrorist by the un has widened the rift between the two countries.
the 2018 was the year when india-china relations moved from doklam to wuhan and beyond, said gautam bambawale, who was india's envoy to beijing for the best part of the year and played a key role in closely interacting with the chinese officials to workout the first-ever informal summit.
in order to do so, both countries and their leaderships had to introspect and independently came to the conclusion that an informal summit would provide both leaders the opportunity for strategic communication.
their conversations at wuhan set the tone for a quick repair of the relationship, bambawale, who retired on november 30, said in e-mail response to pti.
the outgoing year has seen political communication at its best.
prime minister modi and president xi met four times this year.
what has not been noticed is that defence minister nirmala sitharaman and her counterpart wei fenghe have also met thrice this year.
our foreign ministers too have met on multiple occasions.
the visit to india this year of public security minister of china was a significant event, he said.
more importantly, for the first time both sides held numerous delegation-level talks to push india's exports to china to address the over usd 51 billion trade deficit.
china has agreed to step up imports of india's rice, sugar, rapeseed oil, besides the long overdue imports of pharmaceuticals, which could partly balance the trade.
china is also responding to new delhi's persistent campaigns to step up its big-ticket investments in india.
the development of bilateral military ties is the most critical india-china interactions this year, bambawale said, referring to the resumption of the 'hand-in-hand' military drills in chengdu and the defence dialogue - both of which were held after a gap of one year due to doklam standoff.
the two nations also held the 21st round of border talks in november during which they called for advancing the dialogue process to find a solution to the border question.
great interaction, more conversations across the board are important for the maintenance of peace and tranquillity in the india-china border areas, bambawale said.
while 2018 is the year of most extensive political conversations between the two sides, observers say 2019 could be the year of deliverables with onus on china to reset its strategic ties with india without its close ally pakistan hampering the development of meaningful sino-india relations.
the year 2019 will be watched with great interest in china as india goes for the general elections and how the results could shape the nature of the political dialogue as xi is set to travel to india next year for the informal summit.
towards the end of the year, foreign minister and state councillor wang yi travelled to new delhi, where he attended the first meeting of the people-to-people mechanism with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
both countries, their governments and their people will have to continue expanding and enhancing their conversations, their interactions in 2019 so as to enhance mutual understanding which in turn will hold the relationship on an upward trajectory, bambawale added.
by ptiwashington: notwithstanding irritants on trade issues, india and the us made landmark progress in 2018 to bolster their strategic and defence ties from holding the maiden trilateral meeting with japan to the first-ever 2+2 dialogue during which they signed the long-pending comcasa agreement that would open the way for sales of more sensitive us military equipment to india.
the trade disputes posed bumps on the road as president donald trump called india a tariff king in september.
however, two months later, he praised indians as tough negotiators as the two countries started talks on a bilateral trade deal.
also read | first 2+2 dialogue 'defining moment' for indo-us relations: james mattisindia was among the few countries, which received a waiver on iran sanctions from the trump administration, which also pressed pakistan to bring to justice the perpetrators of the 2008 mumbai attack and announced a reward of usd 5 million for information leading to the arrest or conviction in any country of any individual who committed, conspired to commit, or aided the 26/11 attack.
this has been a landmark year for us-india ties as we build out stronger relationships across the board, alice wells, the principal deputy assistant secretary of state for south and central asia, told pti.
last month, president trump met in buenos aires with prime minister narendra modi and prime minister shinzo abe in the first us-india-japan or 'jai' meeting as prime minister modi called it between the three leaders, and vice president (mike) pence reviewed the rapid development of the strategic partnership during his meeting with prime minister modi in singapore, said wells, who has been trump administration's point person for the south and central asia.
secretary of state mike pompeo described the first 2+2 ministerial dialogue in september as symbolic of our increasingly close partnership, she said.
pompeo along with defence secretary james mattis were hosted by their indian counterparts, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman in new delhi.
the 2+2 focused on operationalising india's status as a major defence partner of the us, cooperation on global challenges, and our shared vision for a free and open indo-pacific, wells said.
the event culminated with the signing of the communications compatibility and security agreement (comcasa), which will facilitate greater interoperability between our forces, enhance information and intelligence sharing, and ensure that india has access to top-tier us military technology, she said.
the finalisation of this agreement was a historic step and, since then, we have made significant strides toward finalising additional agreements that will enable our militaries and private sectors to work even closer together, she added.
india's strategic partnership with the us and its emergence as a leading global power was on display during other high-level gatherings this year, including two meetings of the quadrilateral partners (australia, india, japan, and the us) and at the india-japan-us trilateral meeting at the g-20 summit last month.
at these meetings, us and indian officials discussed our shared commitment to maintaining and strengthening a rules-based order in the indo-pacific based on respect and partnership, not domination, she said.
on the economic front, india-us trade relationship continues to grow, she said.
bilateral trade grew to usd 126 billion last year, and, parallel with the launch of the strategic energy partnership, us-sourced oil and liquefied natural gas landed on indian shores.
still, we can do much more.
us companies need better access to india's markets in order for us to realise the full potential of our economic partnership, wells said.
she said the trump administration looks forward to building on this relationship's momentum and working even more closely with the indian counterparts on a range of shared strategic interests next year.
nisha desai biswal, president of the us-india business council, believes 2018 experienced major upheavals impacting longstanding trade agreements and frameworks, with retaliatory tariffs, rising protectionism, and domestic political clashes spilling over into the economic policy of major economies.
also read | 2+2 meeting ends with boost for defence, trade but sanctions elude agreementdespite these trade headwinds, the us-india commercial and strategic relationship continues to enjoy strong bipartisan support in the us, underpinned by rapidly expanding bilateral trade, she said.
on the us-india strategic front, proponents of greater interoperability scored some major wins, including the conferring of sta-1 status to india by commerce secretary wilbur ross.
this puts india on par with americas closest allies, she said.
biswal said that on the commercial front, the private sector will be watching closely to see whether the two governments can reach a bilateral trade deal and resolve key trade irritants impacting us business.
business community engagement will be particularly critical in 2019, with a challenging political environment in both countries making the protectionist policy a significant concern, she said.
the resumption of the us-india commercial dialogue next february, a us-india ceo forum and the potential for a trade policy forum will make 2019 a particularly important year, biswal said.
all eyes are right now on the upcoming elections and how that will impact the economy and overall investment climate, she noted.
alyssa ayres from the council of foreign relations said bilateral ties have made good progress on strategic and defence front, but economic ties are bumpier.
by iansnew delhi: prime minister narendra modi on thursday met visiting bangladesh foreign affairs minister a.k. abdul momen and said that relations between the two neighbouring countries have been on an upward trajectory and new delhi will work to build on this momentum.
modi congratulated momen on his appointment as foreign minister and appreciated his gesture of selecting india as the destination for his first international visit.
according to an official statement, momen briefed modi on recent developments in the bilateral relationship.
the prime minister said that india-bangladesh relations have been on an upward trajectory in the last few years.
he reaffirmed india's commitment to work with bangladesh to build on this momentum during the new term in office of prime minister sheikh hasina, it said.
momen will co-chair the fifth joint consultative committee meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday.
it is the first high-level visit from bangladesh since prime minister sheikh hasina's victory in the parliamentary elections last december.
the two sides will also sign agreements during the visit.
kollam: for a s abraham and leelamma of alakkunil veetil, it was a double blow.
in october 2015, they lost their son sam abraham and a week ago they came to know that he was murdered allegedly by his wife and her paramour.
now physically exhausted and mentally dejected, the parents of sam say that they are trying hard to bring back their seven-year-old grandchild from the custody of relatives of sams wife.
according to abraham, for this, he had approached n k premachandran mp the other day.
the mp had promised to take up the matter with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
in october last year, abraham and leelamma were informed that their 33-year-old son sam, a resident of karuvaloor, punalur, had died of a silent attack at melbourne in australia.
after 10 months, the parents came to know through media that their son was murdered by his wife sofia sam along with her paramour arun kamalasanan by cyanide poisoning.
we still cant believe that sofia would carry out such an act.
even though we grew suspicious about the silent attack, a health report given by sofia mentioned a collapsed artery.
when we asked her whether there was any other angle to his death, she exploded.
so, we put an end to the chapter.
sams death took place just three days after he had returned to australia from here.
if it was a case of affair that sofia had with arun, i am puzzled about how a woman could love two men at a time, says abraham.
sam and sofia were members of the bethel marthoma churchs choir team and had also associated with the churchs sunday school which eventually led to a love affair between them.
according to abraham, when this matter was raised by his son, he was against the alliance but had to relent as sam remained adamant on his choice.
at the time of their wedding, sofia was working with a firm in technopark and sam at lulu exchange in oman.
he then moved to melbourne, where he worked with uae exchange.
barely three months before his death, sam had been attacked by an unidentified man wearing a balaclava.
sam, who was stabbed, had filed a complaint with the police.
now, as the real cause of his death has come to light, we would like to thank god, adds abraham.
meanwhile, the australian media, which reported that it was the postmortem which revealed the murder plot, is remaining mum on the issue now as evidence collection is taking place.
its learnt that sofia, along with arun, had plotted the murder through facebook messenger and as the duos exchange was in malayalam the police had requested the melbourne magistrate court to grant them time to present a detailed report.
the court, while granting the permission, had remanded sofia and arun.
the case will be considered again in february 2017.
new delhi: two telugu teachers abducted in libya a year ago have been released, with their families heaving a huge sigh of relief.
anxiously waiting and praying for their safe return for more than a year, the families of the two teachers were excited as the news of their release was broken by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday.
i am happy to inform that t. gopalakrishna (ap) and c. balaram kishan (telangana) who were captive in libya since july 29, 2015 have been rescued, she tweeted.
gopalakrishna and balaram kishan were teachers at the university of sirte and were abducted by islamic state (is) terrorists while they were on their way to tripoli airport to return to india.
i am happy to inform that t gopalakrishna (ap) & c balaramkishan (telangana) who were captive in libya since 29 july 2015 have been rescued.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) september 15, 2016the news brought cheers to the families on ganesh nimajjanam, which culminates the 11-day festival.
the family members distributed sweets and thanked the government of india.
kalyani said her husband spoke to her over phone on wednesday night and informed her that he was released safely.
gopalakrishna spoke briefly to inform me that he has been released and safe, she said.
gopalakrishna, an assistant professor at the university of sirte, belongs to tekkali in srikakulam district of andhra pradesh, while balram kishan, an english professor, also works at the same university and hails from telangana's karimnagar district.
the family members of the two teachers said they were yet to receive an official word as to when they will be returning home.
they were among four indians kidnapped by is on the same day.
two of them were released a few days later.
lakshmikant and vijay kumar, hailing from karnataka, had returned safely following their release.
meanwhile, telangana minister for non-resident indian (nri) affairs k. tarakarama rao thanked sushmaswaraj swaraj over release of the two engineers.
thanks very much madam.
#respect, he tweeted.
by ptiislamabad: pakistan will host the next round of talks between the us and afghan taliban in islamabad, it was decided on friday during a meeting between foreign minister shah mehmood qureshi and us special envoy for afghanistan zalmay khalilzad, according to a media report.
good meeting with fm @smqureshipti this morning.
we discussed the important role regional countries like #pakistan have in helping deliver #peace and #reconciliation in #afghanistan, and he assured me of #pakistan's support.
i look forward to concrete progress.
pic.
twitter.com/wrqidpsslv  u.s. special representative zalmay khalilzad (@us4afghanpeace) 18 january 2019quoting diplomatic sources, geo news reported that pakistan decided to extend an invitation to the afghan taliban representatives to come to islamabad and hold talks.
it is expected that saudi arabia, uae and qatar would also be part of the peace talks, it said.
the decision to hold the next round of talks between the us and afghan taliban in islamabad was taken on friday during a meeting between qureshi and khalilzad, the report said without giving a date for the negotiations.
us president donald trump has been pressing pakistan prime minister imran khan to facilitate afghan peace talks, with washington reportedly making it a condition for a future summit between the two leaders in washington.
during the meeting between qureshi and khalilzad, the us special representative for afghanistan reconciliation, the foreign minister said that the taliban were not willing to sit with the afghan administration nor were they willing for a ceasefire.
khalilzad requested that pakistan should play its role to make the dialogue successful, the report said.
khalilzad, who arrived in pakistan on thursday from kabul, as part of his four-nation tour, told qureshi that the us leadership values pakistan's efforts for peace and reconciliation in afghanistan.
khalilzad has held three round of talks with the afghan taliban to reach a settlement that would allow the us to withdraw its army and end a 17-year-old war - america's longest.
qureshi assured khalilzad that pakistan will continue its efforts to facilitate the afghan-reconciliation process to bring peace and stability to the region.
we have a shared responsibility to work towards bringing peace in afghanistan, the minister said.
a us-delegation comprising the representatives of the state department and defence and national security council also attended the meeting.
khalilzad is on his fifth visit to the region for afghan reconciliation since he assumed office.
on thursday, the us envoy met with foreign secretary tehmina janjua and discussed progress on the afghan peace process.
khalilzad has already visited india and met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on january 10.
india has been a key stakeholder in the peace and reconciliation process in afghanistan and has committed aid worth usd 3 billion to the war-ravaged country.
new delhi has also been pressing for an afghan-owned and afghan-led peace initiative to bring peace and stability in the war-ravaged country.
the afghan peace initiative has been moving at a snail's pace due to the refusal of the taliban to sit for talks with the afghan government officials.
pakistan last year released senior taliban leader mullah abdul ghani baradar from imprisonment in an attempt to woo the militant group to engage in talks.
baradar was deputy to the late taliban supreme leader mullah muhammad omar.
the report of pakistan may host the next round of afghan peace talks came hours after a us congressional report said that islamabad may view a weak and destabilised afghanistan as preferable to a strong and unified one.
pakistan may view a weak and destabilised afghanistan as preferable to a strong, unified afghan state (particularly one led by a pashtun-dominated government in kabul; pakistan has a large pashtun minority), the report prepared by the congressional research service said.
pakistan sees afghanistan as potentially providing strategic depth against india, but may also anticipate that improved relations with afghanistan's leadership could limit india's influence in afghanistan, said the report titled, afghanistan: background and us policy in brief.
a video grab of kulbhushan jadhavs statement released by pakistan.
india has said that jadhav was tortured and video was recorded under immense pressure | express photo serviceislamabad: the united nations (un) on wednesday declined to comment on the death sentence awarded to alleged indian spy kulbhushan jadhav, citing the world body was not in a position to judge the case.
we are not in a position to judge the process or to have a position on this particular case, the dawn quoted un secretary general's spokesperson stephane dujarric, as replying to a poser.
overall in terms of relations between india and pakistan, we underline and continue to underline the need for the parties to find a peaceful solution and to engage through engagement and dialogue, he added.
also read: kulbhushan jadhav case: diplomatic moves begin to save former naval officerearlier, pakistan defence minister khawaja mohammad asif ruled out any possibility of an immediate execution of jadhav, citing three appellate forums were available for him under the law.
india has sent out a stern message to pakistan with the parliament strongly condemning the pakistan military court's verdict sentencing jadhav to death on charges of spying.
replying to the issue in the lok sabha during the question hour on april 11, union home minister rajnath singh asserted that the government would do whatever is possible to give justice to jadhav.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, in a suo motu statement made in both the houses of parliament, warned islamabad of consequences in bilateral relations if death sentence on kulbhushan jadhav is carried out.
she said if the decision of the pakistani court is implemented, it will be a pre-meditated murder asserting that there is no evidence against jadhav.
there were also strong protests in front of the pakistan high commission in new delhi.
read: us experts questions pakistan's decision to execute kulbhushan jadhavjadhav, who was arrested in march last year by pakistan and accused by the country of spying, was sentenced to death by a pakistani military court on monday triggering tension between india and pakistan.
observers and experts on criminal or espionage-related laws in a majority of countries have suggested that the death sentence against jadhav is a clear violation of article 36 of the vienna convention that makes it mandatory for every government to provide consular access to an arrested foreign national by officials of his/her government.
new delhi: the bjps highest decision making body, the parliamentary board, will meet on wednesday morning to take a call on selecting a new leader to replace gujarat chief minister anandiben patel.
the parliamentary board meet would take place before the parliament session begins, where patels resignation would be accepted and her successor be decided on.
sources said there were two front runners for the post, gujarat minister nitinbhai patel, who had earlier worked with narendra modi as cm, and state bjp chief vijay rupani, considered close to bjp chief amit shah.
while, the parliamentary board, where prime minister narendra modi, along with other members like bjp chief amit shah, home minister rajnath singh, ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj, arun jaitley, venkaiah naidu and nitin gadkari would be participate, would meet in delhi, the bjp has despatched two leaders to gujarat to formal endorsement of new leader.
bjp in-charge dinesh sharma and national joint general secretary (organisation) v satish, are scheduled to arrive here tomorrow to hold talks with local leaders and take stock of the ground situation in the wake of anandiben patel announcing her decision to step down as chief minister.
after bjps parliamentary board meeting, observers will be sent from delhi to oversee the meeting of the state bjp legislative party where the name of the new cm will be announced and formally elected as leader.
anandiben had resigned as the cm on monday citing age factor.
elections in the state are due in the later part of 2017.
it will be a busy wednesday for the government as after deliberations on the gujarat cm, gst bill will be taken up for discussion ion rajya sabha, where it is likely to be passed.
the union cabinet will also meet in the evening.
by ptinew delhi: puducherry congress led by chief minister v narayanasamy on friday staged a protest demanding full statehood to the union territory and removal of lt governor kiran bedi, whom he accused of functioning unconstitutionally.
addressing a press conference, narayanasamy said leaders of 21 political parties also participated in the agitation at the jantar mantar and they were joined by people from the ut.
he said the puducherry assembly has passed 16 resolutions in the past, the latest in september 2018, demanding full statehood but the centre did not agree to it.
he accused bedi of violating the oath of secrecy and said prime minister narendra modi should take note of this and remove her.
he also accused her of not functioning in the interest and development of puducherry.
bedi was not available for comments.
the chief minister also said that when bjp's sushmaswaraj swaraj was the leader of opposition in the lok sabha a parliamentary committee headed by her had also recommended full statehood for puducherry.
mass agitation at jantar mantar #newdelhi now demanding statehood for the u t of puducherry.
all our ministers, mlas, special representative, and national leaders, all the leaders of political parties of puducherry joined this historic agitation for puducherry, narayanasamy tweeted.
congress leaders including ghulam nabi azad, cpi-m's sitaram yechury and cpi's d raja, dmk's kanomozhi and others were present during the agitation.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will not attend the heart of asia (hoa) conference in amritsar next week due to illness even as the government remained non-committal about a possible indo-pakistan bilateral meeting on the sidelines of the event.
however, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup reiterated india's stated position that though the country is for dialogue but talks and terror cannot go hand- in-hand, when asked if there will be a bilateral meeting on the sidelines of the conference on afghanistan which is being attended by pakistan prime minister's foreign affairs adviser sartaj aziz.
our position on it (talks) is very very clear from the beginning.
we are for a dialogue with pakistan.
but talks and terror cannot happen together.
it is incumbent on pakistan to create the necessary environment for a conducive bilateral dialogue to happen, he said and also referred to swaraj's address at the un recently that for talks to take place, islamabad will have to end terrorism.
asked whether swaraj will attend the conference, he said the external affairs minister will not be able to attend.
swaraj is undergoing treatment for kidney failure.
on being persistently questioned about the possibility of an indo-pak bilateral meet, swarup said, the programme is still evolving.
the associated events connected with the conference are in a process of evolving.
at this point, i am not in a position to make any other announcement.
when pressed further, the mea spokesperson said the programme was in a fluid state and he was not in a position to rule in or rule out anything at this stage.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is not only helping out indians in distress, she is also protecting indias pride manifested through national symbols.
on wednesday she sought an unconditional apology from amazon for selling indian flags as doormat or she said that the companys officials will not be allowed entry in india.
the issue was brought to swarajs notice by one of her followers, who tagged her with a screenshot of the companys website selling indian flag personalised welcome doormats.
indian high commission in canada: this is unacceptable.
please take this up with amazon at the highest level, swaraj tweeted in response.
if this is not done forthwith we will not grant indian visa to any amazon official.
in a bid to capture the indian market, amazon had announced to invest an addition $ 3 billion in its indian operations taking its total investment to $ 5 billion.
swaraj, recuperating after a kidney transplant, has been keeping a tab on the needs of the indians in distress across the globe through her twitter diplomacy.
this is not amazons first brush with controversy and selling out products insensitive to indian sentiments.
the fortune 500 company founder claiming to offer earths biggest selection has sold doormats with hindu deities like ganesha and shiva on it.
last year upset hindus had taken up the case with the e-commerce giant.
a us-based website (cafepress.com) has also been in the dock for hurting religious sentiments of people as it sold lingerie with images of hindu deities.
by ptinew delhi: saudi arabia on wednesday increased india's haj quota by 25,000, the third hike in three years, taking the number of pilgrims from the country who can perform haj to 2 lakh.
the decision was announced by the ministry of external affairs after prime minister narendra modi held talks with visiting saudi crown prince mohammed bin salman here.
while t s tirumurti, secretary (economic relations) in the mea, said the implementation of the enhanced quota will depend on logistical and other things, minority affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi said it will be effective from this year.
at our request, saudi arabia has decided to increase the quota for haj pilgrims from india to 2 lakh.
this gesture is deeply appreciated, tirumurti told reporters at a briefing on the talks.
naqvi hailed the decision and thanked the prime minister, saudi arabia's king salman bin abdul aziz, the crown prince and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
this is the third hike in consecutive years.
when the modi government came to power in 2014, india's haj quota was 1,36,000, which has now been increased to 2 lakh.
this will be the highest number of pilgrims going for haj from india since independence, naqvi told pti.
he said this was possible because of modi's very cordial and friendly relations with the saudi leadership.
this year, 2,340 muslim women from india will go for haj without 'mehram' or male companion.
also india will be sending the second highest number of pilgrims for haj after indonesia, he said.
the government had last year allowed women to go on haj without mehram, which saw about 1,300 women going without any male companion.
they had been exempted from the lottery system.
last year, saudi arabia had increased india's haj quota by 5,000 to 1,75,025, while in 2017 it was increased by about 35,000.
the haj subsidy provided by the government was removed last year in the light of a supreme court order of 2012.
naqvi had earlier said that digitising haj-related processes has ensured that the annual pilgrimage remained inexpensive despite the absence of subsidy and made the system pro-pilgrim.
new delhi: the woman and child development minister maneka gandhi has sought a change in rules that require father's name to be mandatorily mentioned for getting caste certificates, in case of children raised by single or separated mothers.
gandhi's move comes days within her approaching hrd minister prakash javadekar with a request to change the rule that requires father's name to be mandatorily mentioned on a student's degree certificate.
in a letter to social justice and empowerment minister thaawarchand gehlot, gandhi said she has been approached by several women facing problems in getting caste certificates for their children without the name of the father from the jurisdictional offices.
stating that breakdown of marriages and separation of husband and wife is now a reality which cannot be ignored, gandhi added, what we need to appreciate is the fact that women in such situations often do not get their rights and entitlements due to certain loopholes in the procedures/laws.
she said her ministry was working towards plugging these loopholes.
keeping in view the sensitivity of the single/separated mother, we need to make a provision for this purpose by changing rules/guidelines, the letter added.
last year, gandhi had written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj asking her to reconsider the rule of having the father's name mentioned for getting passports.
priyanka gupta, a single parent, had initiated a petition last year on change.org website, asking for passport rules to be altered so that she was not required to mention her husband's name on her daughter's passport.
the petition was addressed to gandhi and swaraj.
months later, the mea announced the revised set of passport rules and declared that the name of only one parent was enough and that married applicants will not have to produce a marriage certificate and share their spouse's name if they were separated or divorced.
by iansnew delhi: in keeping with the wuhan spirit in the wake of the informal summit between prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping in april this year, india and china on friday identified 10 areas for boosting people-to-people cooperation.
xi hosted the wuhan summit to improve bilateral ties after the armies of the two countries were in a face-to-face situation for 73 days at doklam in the india-bhutan-china international trijunction last year.
stating that friday's two-hour-long meeting was unique and different from all the earlier meetings she had with wang in the last four years, she said that it focussed solely on bilateral cultural exchanges and people-to-people cooperation.
today, we identified 10 areas of people-to-people cooperation: cultural exchanges, films and television co-production, media, sports, youth affairs, tourism, exchanges between states and cities, traditional medicine, yoga and academics, sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
both countries had very fruitful discussions and i am very satisfied, she said, adding that she was inspired by the positive approach from the chinese side.
stating that joint forums across different fields are designed to build trust among the two countries, the external affairs minister said that the media has a significant role to play in this.
in the last 40 years, china developed fast through reforms and opening up the economy, she said.
india will become a $5-trillion economy by 2025 and we will both benefit by cooperating with each other.
today, we are working together on a number of regional as well as international issues, she said.
we are ending the year with a great sense of satisfaction.
on his part, wang said that he fully agreed with sushmaswaraj swaraj's positive comments about the meeting.
today's meeting was a full success, he said.
our leaders have great expectations from cultural exchanges and people-to-people ties.
wang said that mutual visits between the people of the two countries will be increased in the times to come as the current number is too small.
better people-to-people ties will be beneficial not only for china and india but also for the world, he said.
we will leverage our respective strengths in various sectors.
stating that the first high-level mechanism meeting has been a good beginning, wang said that it will benefit the 2.
7 billion people of the two countries.
china has just celebrated the 40th anniversary of reforms and opening up, he said.
india, our most important neighbour, is also opening up and is developing fast.
earlier, modi in a message ahead of the meeting, said that as ancient civilisations and neighbours, india and china have been having deep cultural ties for ages.
today, the growing contacts and exchanges between our people will give new momentum to these ties, he said.
this new mechanism is proof of the fact that cultural exchanges and people-to-people ties form an important part of our bilateral relations.
modi said that these ties will become a new source of energy for the partnership between the two countries for rapid development.
prime minister narendra modis comparison of indias surgical strikes with covert operations carried out by israel comes at a time when defence cooperation and diplomatic ties between the two countries are at a high.
heres a look at how the bilateral relationship evolved and improved over time.
why cant we deal with terrorists the way israelis do?
that question is often raised in social and other media whenever there is a terrorist strike in india.
which perhaps explains why prime minister narendra modi drew a parallel between the special forces of the indian army and their counterparts in the israeli defence forces while praising the surgical strikes across the loc to avenge uri.
it also comes at a time when indo-israeli cooperation, particularly in defence, is at an all time high, and growing each day.
the bilateral relationship with israel, however, was not always this rosy.
even before independence, the tone was set by the father of the indian freedom movement, mohandas karamchand gandhi, who clearly articulated his opposition to the idea of israel in an editorial in the november 11, 1938 issue of harijan, a widely circulated weekly.
my sympathies are with the jews .
.
.
but my sympathy does not blind me to the requirements of justice.
the cry for the national home for the jews does not make much appeal to me .
.
.
why should they not, like other peoples of the earth, make that country their home where they are born and where they earn their livelihood?
surely it would be a crime against humanity to reduce the proud arabs so that palestine can be restored to the jews partly or wholly as their national home.
heres a quick timeline of indo-israeli relations to put things into perspective:august 15, 1947: india gets independence from british colonial rulemay 14, 1948: israel is born, following the un decision to partition british mandate palestine.
india opposes this decision.
may 1949: india votes  in vain  against admission of israel to the un.
september 1950: india reluctantly and partially recognises israel, allows it to set up immigration office in mumbai.
indias main concern, apart from its endorsement of the palestinian cause, was the fear that any overt relationship with israel would alienate not just the arab nationsindias main source of oil and gas, and where a large number of indians workbut also the muslim population in india.
1961 non-aligned movement, or nam is born, with india, yugoslavia and egypt as founder members.
prime minister nehrus relationship with president gamal abdel nasser of egypt and other arab states, and the fact that israel was clearly aligned with the united states, made it difficult for nehru to formally reach out to israel.
however, the intelligence agencies of both nations started meeting discreetly to build a strategic relationship.
1962: israel secretly ships artillery shells and other munitions to india after the latters border war with china, which ended when the chinese unilaterally withdrew.
1965: israel reportedly helps india with a modest cache of weapons, ammunition and intelligence during the war with pakistan.
1971: just before the brief war with pakistan, prime minister indira gandhi okays a proposal by the research and analysis wing, led by rn kao, to initiate a discreet bid to secure israeli weapons and training.
these are eventually routed to india through liechtenstein.
when bangladesh is born with indian help, israel is the first nation to recognise it.
august 1977: israeli foreign minister moshe dayan pays a secret visit to new delhi (some say kathmandu) to meet indian officials, and shares intelligence about pakistans secret nuclear plant in kahuta.
but both raw and israeli intelligence officials are startled when prime minister morarji desai call up zia ul haq, pakistans military ruler at the time, and tells him that he knows about kahuta, courtesy raw.
their concern is their sources would be compromised.
october 1985: prime minister rajiv gandhi officially meets israeli prime minister shimon peres at the unga in new york, the first such formal meeting.
june 1991: insurgents, backed by pakistans isi, attack israeli tourists in kashmir, suspecting them to be military and intelligence officers aiding counter-insurgency operations in the state.
one is killed, another abducted.
a week later, under intense us and un pressure, the kidnapped israeli is released.
several senior israeli officials visit india during the negotiations for his release.
1992: prime minister narasimha rao formally announced full diplomatic relations with israel, after reassuring arab nations that this did not mean a dilution of indian support for palestine.
in return, rao wants the powerful jewish lobby in the us to pressure washington to declare pakistan a terrorist state.
earlier in the year, prime minister p v narasimha rao tells visiting palestinian president yasser arafat that it would help palestines cause if india establishes ties with israel, and then uses its influence to push for a change in israeli policy.
arafat agrees.
india also becomes increasingly aware of the fact that despite indias support for the arab cause, the organisation of islamic conference constantly endorsed the pakistani position on kashmir.
israel, on the other hand, steadfastly endorsed the indian position that the 1972 shimla agreement between india and pakistan was the only basis for a final settlement of the kashmir issue.
december 1995: ezer weizmann, who served in bangalore as part of the royal air force in 1944, becomes the first israeli president to visit india.
may 1999: israel rushes military aid  including shells for the bofors gun  as well as intelligence inputs to india during the kargil war.
june 2000: home minister lk advani visits israel.
other visiting indian leaders included west bengal chief minister jyoti basu, and najma heptullah, senior congress leader and deputy chairperson of the rajya sabha.
july 2000: jaswant singh became the first indian foreign minister to visit israel.
january 2003: israels arch rival irans president mohammed khatami is the chief guest at indias republic day celebrations.
september 2003: ariel sharon becomes the first israeli prime minister to visit india, but cuts short his visit due to a terrorist strike back home.
the very reason that brought us to india is responsible for the cutting short of the visit: terror, deputy prime minister yosef lapid told journalists in delhi.
india announces the purchase of three phalcon awacs, to be fitted with israeli radar equipment, on russian il-76 transport aircraft.
this comes only after india assuages israeli fears of transfer of defence technology to iran.
2004: upa government comes to power, and the relationship is taken underground again for a decade, mainly because the government believed overt ties with the country would alienate the domestic muslim community.
but intelligence, economic and defence cooperation continues discreetly.
2008: prime minister manmohan singh politely rejects israels offer to send special forces to tackle the 26/11 attack on mumbai.
2012: minister of external affairs s m krishna visits israel, but stresses on cooperation in science, technology, agriculture and commerce.
however, he also quietly meets counter-terror and defence officials during the visit.
2010: president prathibha patil visits damascus, and causes a stir in israel when she reiterated indias support for the full return of the golan heights to syria, two-thirds of which it had lost to israel in the six-day arab-israeli war in 1967.
2014: within months of becoming prime minister, narendra modi meets his israeli counterpart benjamin netanyahu on the sidelines of the unga in september.
in october, india and israel sign a $519 million deal to buy 8,356 spike anti-tank guided missiles and 321 missile launchers.
according to the jewish virtual library, between modis election in may 2014 and november 2014, israel exported $662 million worth of israeli weapons and defence items to india.
this export number is greater than the total israeli exports to india during the previous three years combined.
2015: moshe yaalon becomes the first israeli defence minister to visit india.
however, keeping the domestic implications in mind, new delhi continues to express its support to the palestinian cause, and pm modi meets palestinian president mahmoud abbas in september 2015 in new york.
october 2015: president pranab mukherjee visits palestine and israel.
reports of indo-israeli military exercises surface, but without specifics.
january 2016: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visits israel, and declares that the full development of positive israel-india ties is of the highest importance to new delhi.
the visit was seen as a precursor to a visit by prime minister later in the year.
however, that has now been tentatively scheduled for 2017.
today, although there are several critical agreements in agriculture and other sectors, india is israels largest defence market, and israeli intelligence inputs have helped prevent several terrorist attacks planned in pakistan.
more importantly, the government has no qualms about going public with the relationship.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday successfully underwent a scheduled kidney transplant at the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) in new delhi and will need at least a week to properly recover, hospital's director mc misra said on saturday.
during the surgery, swaraj was transplanted a kidney of an unrelated donor which was found almost a week after her daughter was turned down as a potential donor by the doctors as she too was diabetic and suffering from obesity.
the surgery was successful and both, the donor and the recipient, have recovered from the general anaesthesia now.
both of them have been shifted to icu to be monitored as part of the post-operative procedure, misra told ians.
misra said the procedure began at 9 am and lasted till 2.
30 pm.
the surgery of both, the donor and the recipient, went on for 90 minutes each.
a dedicated team of 50 medical staff were required for the entire procedure.
several senior doctors were involved such as m minz, vk bansal and preet mohinder singh among others under the leadership of director mc misra.
the three-hour surgery was performed at the cardio thoracic and neuro sciences centre of the hospital.
the 64-year-old, who has been in and out of aiims for the last few months, was admitted to the hospital on november 7.
according to misra, swaraj will take at least 7-10 days to get discharged.
on behalf of the aiims family we wish sushmaswaraj swaraj ji a very speedy recovery, said misra.
by express news servicemumbai: ive lost the mentor who taught me how to survive in the volatile atmosphere of srinagar, said gautam lahane, a junior buddy of crpf constable nitin rathod who lost his life in the deadliest terrorist attack on thursday.
lahane hails from shara village of lonar tehsil of buldana district.
he recalls his first encounter with constable rathod at srinagar.
it was two years back.
i was transferred from jharkhand to srinagar.
i was not used to the ill famous stone pelting of the valley.
as we were doing patrolling duty, the stone pelting began.
rathod sir realised that i was not carrying the shield and rushed to me.
he covered me with his own shield and helped me to move to a safe place.
he scolded me a lot but immediately calmed down after learning that that was my first day on duty at srinagar.
he lovingly inquired about my family and hometown which is when we realised that we are from neighbouring villages, lahane said.
he was six years senior to me in service and was stationed in srinagar for a long time.
in the past two years, it had become a habit for me to be with him always.
it was only this time that i couldnt get leave along with him.
i came to the village on feb 5th and he left for duty on feb 11th.
we didnt know it was the last time that we were meeting when he left for the train that day, lahane said.
lahane also recalled rathod as a person who had a knack of quickly winning hearts of people from any age group.
whenever off duty, he used to inspire children in the village to study, the exercise and do something for the nation.
he inspired many to prepare for joining services.
he was very popular in his village and his death has left everyone grieving, lahane said.
rathod who joined the forces in 2005, had served in the north east for a long time before being transferred to j&k.
he is survived by wife vandana, two children - 7-year-old daughter prachi and 9-year-old son piyush, parents and a younger brother.
to join the forces was always a dream for nitin ever since our school days, said rathors brother in law ashok chavan.
though the family owns a small piece of land measuring about 1.
5 acres and farming is the only means of survival, his passion took him to join crpf after completing his schooling, chavan said.
another crpf constable who lost his life in the terror attack at pulwama was sanjay rajput whose family hails from malkapur of buldana district but was currently staying at the crpf camp in hingna area of nagpur with his wife sushmaswaraj and two children aged 13 and 10.
slain crpf constable sanjay rajput.
rajput would be remembered for his dedication to his duty.
he had recently completed 23 years of service in crpf and promoted to the post of head constable.
he was eligible for voluntary retirement.
but, he refused to execute the option saying that he wants to serve the nation till he is fit to do so, recalled one of his neighbours in nagpur camp.
sanjay had left home on february 11 to join the duty at shrinagar.
new delhi: chinese foreign minister wang yi today called on prime minister narendra modi and held talks with his counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj during which india's bid for membership of the nsg is understood to have figured among other regional and bilateral issues.
wang and swaraj also discussed issues relating to annual brics summit which will be hosted by india in goa in october.
discussing issues of mutual importance.
eam @sushmaswaraj meets with her counterpart chinese fm wang yi in new delhi, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted, along with a photograph of the meeting of the two foreign ministers.
wang had arrived in goa yesterday on a three-day visit to india.
he had met goa chief minister laxmikant parsekar and discussed about preparations for the brics summit.
the chinese foreign minister arrived here last night.
he called on modi first and then held talks with swaraj.
china had stalled india's bid for membership of the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) at the plenary meeting of the 48-nation grouping in june on the ground that it was not a signatory to the nuclear non-proliferation treaty (npt).
by iansbhopal: former madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan on tuesday said that malegaon blast accused sadhvi pragya singh thakur has been made the bjp candidate from bhopal as the party feels she is not guilty but was made a scapegoat by the then congress government after coining the word 'bhagwa aatanki' (saffron terror).
in an interview to ians, chouhan said, sadhvi pragya thakur was made the party's candidate after a lot of deliberation.
he said in 2008 a word was coined 'bhagwa aatanki' (saffron terror).
congress coined this word and they made her scapegoat and digvijaya singh was the medium, he said.
the former chief minister said that a different kind of atmosphere was created by bringing in hindutva terrorism in the picture.
this was brought under a conspiracy to defame hindutva.
and sadhvi pragya was made the scapegoat.
she was tortured and despite being a woman she was beaten up mercilessly, he said.
when asked if the party could have waited till the time the court acquitted her in the malegaon blast case, he said, why should we have to wait to get her acquitted when we believe that she is not a terror accused.
also read: itll be a verdict for modi, against kamal nath in madhya pradesh, says shivraj singh chouhanand sadhvi pragya is not fighting alone we all are fighting with her in the elections, he said.
to a question if she was fielded from bhopal after looking at the congress candidate digvijaya singh, chauhan said, we fielded her only after digvijaya singh's candidature was announced in bhopal.
it was decided that she was the perfect candidate against digvijaya singh.
and it was a collective decision of the party, he said.
when asked if the bjp government had done a lot of development works in last five years, then why rake nationalism as the party's main election slogan, the bjp leader said, nationalism has always been our issue.
will any citizen like, if any soldiers is beheaded by pakistan?
recalling the 2016 surgical strikes and the 2019 balakot air strike across the border, he said: after uri and pulwama we gave befitting reply to pakistan.
there is nothing wrong in nationalism issue, he said.
lamenting at the congress and the other opposition parties, the three time chief minister said: those who are worried never followed nationalism and never bothered for the national security.
follow our election coverage herethose who gave shelter to simi and those who speak in the language of terrorists have problem with the issue of nationalism, he asserted.
hitting out at the congress for demanding evidence after the air strikes in pakistan, he said: after balakot everyone is happy but the congress questions it.
they looked sad after the surgical strike and air strike and after we successfully brought back wing commander abhinandan.
he also said that the government's war against terrorism has entered into the final stage as dreaded terrorist masood azhar has been declared a global terrorist by the un security council and the burhan wani gang in kashmir has been eliminated.
the bjp has always said that it will never compromise on the issue of national security, he said adding that there are few disruptive forces in the country and they too will be crushed.
asked about how many seats the party will win in madhya pradesh, the bjp leader said: we won 27 out of 29 in 2014 lok sabha elections and this time also we are hopeful of winning 25+ seats in the state.
citing the reasons for the party's strong performance in the state, he said, in the last four months, the kamal nath government has proved to be a boon for the bjp in the state.
also read: babulal gaur, shivraj singh chouhan in running for bhopal lok sabha seathe said the people have seen the difference between the work style of the two governments.
the work of three term bjp government and the four month old congress government is visible to the people now.
accusing the congress of not fulfilling it's poll promise, he said: they promised to waive off the farmers loan in the state.
go and ask people and they will tell you -- it has not been done.
he said even the promise of providing unemployment wage remains unfulfilled.
they have also stopped the pro-people schemes launched during our government like the sambal scheme.
people are angry with them, he claimed.
he also said that the power supply condition and law and order situation in the state has detoriated ever since the congress came to power.
he accused the congress government of running the transfer industry in the state and said for any soughted post all one has to do is pay.
i could have fought from any of the 10 seats in the state.
i believe after being chief minister for three terms i don't seek any chair.
he said if he lost in the state then it does not mean that he shall go to delhi for another post.
it was an easier task to go to parliament after winning the lok sabha elections but i am emotionally attached to the 7.
5 crore people of madhya pradesh.
i don't love position but i love my people.
and i have asked my party to allow me to serve my state, he said.
chauhan, who has addressed over 125 public meetings in 10 states in the last 57 days said that the bjp would have formed the government in the state but it respected the mandate of the people as it got less seats as compared to the congress.
when asked how long the kamal nath government will last, he said, (bsp chief) mayawati is angry with the congress as her mla was taken into congress fold by jyotiraditya scindia.
so, if the government falls on its own then we cannot do anything.
pressed further, he said, if such condition (congress government fails) arises then we will see what happens.
right now we will focus to fight against the government on issues.
asked whether narendra modi government will return to power, chouhan said: modi government will return to power.
i have covered all the 29 seats in the state and i have seen the people backing modi due to his clear track record and transparency in public life.
he also asserted that the bjp will alone secure 300 seats.
people do not have an alternative to modi.
there is no one.
even the opposition does not have the answer to: if not modi, then who?
he also said that the people back modi because of the development works under his government in last five years.
so far 13 out of 29 seats in madhya pradesh have voted.
elections in rest of the 16 seats go to polls in the sixth and seventh phase of on may 12 and 19.
counting of votes will take place on may 23.
by ptinew delhi: trains have played a pivotal role in mahatma gandhi's political journey, from he being thrown out of it in south africa in 1893, that sowed the seeds of the movement of non-violence, to him using the medium to traverse the length and breadth of the country during the freedom struggle.
this was precisely depicted at the rajpath by the indian railways tableau which showed the transformation of mohandas karamchand gandhi, a lawyer, to mahatma, a political seer.
the tableau earned much praise from the crowd as even external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj stood up to cheer for it.
this is the 150th year of mahatma's birth anniversary and this resonated in most of the tableaux.
the front portion of the tableau showed a steam engine on whose top was perched a bust of the mahatma, similar to one installed at pietermaritzburg railway station in south africa.
the first coach showed a young mohandas being thrown out of a 'european-only' compartment at pietermaritzburg railway station in 1893.
the second coach depicted gandhi with kasturba gandhi, meeting people at the station, as he travelled in the 3rd class compartment across the length and breadth of india by train after his return to india from south africa in 1915.
the rear portion of the tableau showed gandhi ji collecting donations for 'harijan fund' during his train journey to bengal, assam and south india, between november 1945 and january 1946.
the side panel showcased how indian railways spearheaded the mahatma's vision of 'swadeshi', as shown in indian railways journey from the era of steam engines to indigenously made state-of-art engineless train 18, made under the government's flagship programme 'make in india'.
by ptisamarkand: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday met foreign minister of turkmenistan rasit meredow on the sidelines of the india-central asia dialogue here and discussed enhancing bilateral cooperation across sectors.
swaraj arrived in the ancient city of samarkand on saturday on a two-day visit to uzbekistan to attend the first india-central asia dialogue, which focussed on a plethora of regional issues including enhancing connectivity to war-ravaged afghanistan.
eam @sushmaswaraj met the foreign minister of turkmenistan rasit meredow on the sidelines of the india-central asia dialogue in #samarkand.
discussed enhancing bilateral cooperation across sectors, mea spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
india enjoys close, friendly and historical ties with turkmenistan and the two countries are part of the ambitious tapi (turkmenistan-afghanistan- pakistan-india) pipeline project.
turkmenistan, which sits on the world's fourth-largest gas reserves, started building its section of the pipeline in december 2015.
the tapi pipeline will have a capacity to carry 90 million standard cubic metres a day (mmscmd) gas for 30 years.
the project will bring clean fuel to the growing economies of india and pakistan.
it will provide energy-hungry india gas to run its power plants.
under the pipeline project, pakistan and india will be provided 1.
325 bcfd gas each and afghanistan will be getting a share of 0.
5 billion cubic feet per day (bcfd) gas.
prime minister narendra modi visited turkmenistan in july 2015 during which a number of documents were signed between the two sides.
it was a historic visit given that an indian prime minister had visited turkmenistan after 20 years.
by ptithane: the all indian cine workers association (aicwa) wednesday urged the centre to cancel the work visas of all pakistani artists and take steps for their immediate deportation in the wake of the pulwama terror attack.
a memorandum to this effect was submitted to prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj by aicwa president suresh gupta.
copies of the memorandum were circulated to the media here which stated that the association strongly condemned the february 14 terror strike which killed 40 crpf soldiers in j&k's pulwama district.
we express our deepest condolences to the families of martyred soldiers and we salute the courage of each member of the armed forces who lost his life in line of duty, the aicwa said.
we stand united against the terror act of pakistan, it said.
all indian cine workers association, on behalf of the indian film fraternity, requests sushmaswaraj swaraj ji and our prime minister to kindly take strict action against all the pakistani artists by banning their travel in our country, it said.
no work visas should be issued to any pakistani artist related to the entertainment industry, the association said.
pakistani artists working in india should be immediately deported, the memorandum demanded.
on sept.
5, 2016, members of the security council unanimously agreed that guterres should be the next u.n. secretary-general.
|apunited nations: india has welcomed the selection of portugal's former premier antonio guterres as the next un secretary general to replace ban ki-moon.
congratulations & best wishes.
india welcomes antonio manuel de olivera guterres as next secretary general of @un, india's ambassador to the un syed akbaruddin tweeted.
akbaruddin's tweet was accompanied with a picture of guterres shaking hands with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
guterres had met swaraj during his visit to new delhi in july this year.
guterres, the 67-year-old former head of un's refugee organisation for 10 years, emerged as a leading candidate in all of the security council's straw polls.
the 15-nation council conducted a sixth straw poll yesterday in which guterres received 13 encourage votes and two no opinion votes.
none of the five veto-wielding permanent members voted against him, clearing the way for guterres to become the 9th secretary general of the un.
today after our sixth straw poll we have a clear favourite and his name is antonio guterres, russia's envoy to the un and president of the council for october vitaly churkin told reporters after the straw poll.
flanked by the permanent representatives of the 14 council members, churkin said the council will meet again to take a formal vote, which is expected to pass by acclamation.
that decision would then be formally submitted to the general assembly for its consideration.
we wish guterres well in discharging his duties as the secretary general of the un for the next five years, churkin said.
churkin also informed president of the un general assembly peter thomson that guterres had emerged as the unanimous choice after the sixth informal and first colour-coded straw poll for the position of secretary-general.
the president thanked him for the information and said he was ready to further progress the process of appointing the next secretary-general in accordance with the charter of the united nations, thomson's office said.
ban's deputy spokesman farhan haq told reporters at the daily press briefing that the secretary-general, who is currently in rome, is aware of the latest developments and will await the official action by the general assembly on his successor's formal selection.
guterres was prime minister of portugal from 1995 to 2002 and then served as the united nations high commissioner for refugees from 2005 to 2015.
after the unsc formal vote, guterres's name will be forwarded to the 193-member general assembly for final confirmation.
ban is the 8th secretary-general in the organisation's 70-year history.
he took office in january 2007 and will be ending his 10-year tenure on december 31, 2016.
guterres's selection for the post of the world's top diplomat slashed hopes for a woman to succeed ban ki-moon.
islamabad: congratulating prime minister narendra modi for the bharatiya janata partys (bjp) historic mandate in the uttar pradesh assembly elections, an eleven year old pakistani school girl wrote to him saying that he should now focus towards winning more hearts of indians and pakistanis alike, by becoming a bridge of peace between the two nations.
in her letter, aqeedat naveed highlighted on the need for peace between india and pakistan, and said that prime minister modi can help speed up the process, reports dunyanews.
once my father told me that winning of hearts is a marvelous job.
perhaps you have won the hearts of indian people, therefore you won the election in up.
but i must tell you if you want to win more indian and pakistani hearts, you should take steps towards friendship and peace.
both countries need good relation.
lets make a peace bridge between india and pakistan.
lets decide that we will not buy bullets, will buy books.
we will not buy the guns, will buy the medicine for the poor people, aqeedat wrote in the two page letter.
she further emphasized that the choice between peace and conflict lies open for both the nations, and signed off by congratulating the prime minister for the up polls victory.
courtesy; facebook via ahmed navedcourtesy; facebook via ahmed navedthe fifth grader, who hails from lahore, had earlier written a letter to indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj as well on the matter of peace and has also received several responses from officials in new delhi.
ramananda sengupta byexpress news servicethe ground breaking ceremony of the kartarpur corridor in pakistan by its pm imran khan on wednesday exposed the deviously deep fault lines between india and pakistan.
in a stirring speech after the ceremony, where he was accompanied by pak army chief gen qamar javed bajwa, union food processing minister harsimrat kaur and punjab minister navjot singh sidhu, khan made all the right noises about wanting peace in the neighbourhood, and moving beyond blame games and scoring brownie points.
but new delhi remained unconvinced.
insisting that the kashmir issue could be resolved if leaders on both sides showed political will, he pointed to france and germany, which had been on opposite sides during the second world war.
indias response was swift and brutal.
it is deeply regrettable that the pak pm chose to politicise the pious occasion meant to realise the long pending demand of the sikh community to develop a kartarpur corridor by making unwarranted reference to jammu & kashmir, which is an integral and inalienable part of india, said raveesh kumar, spokesperson, ministry of external affairs.
pakistan is reminded it must fulfil its international obligations and take effective and credible action to stop providing shelter and all kind of support to cross border terrorism from territories under its control.
khan also took pains to insist that for a change, politicians and the military were keen on peace with india.
the pakistani government, all opposition parties & armed forces equally want peace, harmony & strong bilateral ties with india which allow us to foster trade, mutual gains & much more, he declared.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who declined to attend the ceremony in pakistan citing campaigning priorities, was equally candid in her response to reports that pakistan would invite india to attend the saarc meet.
unless and until pakistan stops terror activities in india, there will be no dialogue, so we will not participate in saarc, she told reporters in hyderabad.
i am happy that for the last 20 years, india has been asking for the kartarpur corridor and for the first time, pakistan responded positively.
but bilateral dialogues and kartarpur corridor are two different things.
the moment pakistan stops terrorist activities in india, the dialogue can start.
as an indian diplomat put it, khan is talking peace while letting certified terrorists like hafeez saeed and masood azhar walk free in pakistan spouting anti-india venom is a pathetic, ridiculous attempt at trying to garner respectability.
and not only india, but the entire world has seen through pakistans duplicity.
new delhi: union home minister rajnath singh today reiterated that india will go to any extent to ensure justice for former navy officer kulbhushan jadhav.
he said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had already made the country's stand clear in this regard and that whatever he had said in parliament in this regard few days back remains unchanged.
we will go to any extent to ensure justice to kulbhushan jadhav, he said on the sidelines of a cisf event here.
46-year-old jadhav has been awarded death sentence by a pakistani military court on charges of alleged espionage and sabotage activities.
on the emergence of a video from kashmir where locals are seen attacking crpf personnel, singh said it is being looked into.
by ptiabu dhabi: india and the uae tuesday signed two agreements, including one on currency swap, as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj held exhaustive discussions with her counterpart abdullah bin zayed to step up bilateral cooperation in areas like security, defence, counter-terrorism, trade and energy.
swaraj, who arrived here on monday on a two-day visit, was received by abdullah ahead of the uae-india joint commission meeting here.
advancing the comprehensive strategic partnership.
eam @sushmaswaraj & foreign minister sheikh abdullah bin zayed al nahyan co-chaired 12th india-uae #jcm.
held exhaustive discussions on cooperation in energy, security, trade, investments, space, defence & consular, among others, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
this is the 12th session of the india-uae joint commission meeting for economic and technical cooperation.
institutional mechanisms guiding the multifaceted cooperation.
two documents signed during the visit of eam @sushmaswaraj to #uae : agreement on currency swap and mou for development cooperation in africa, kumar tweeted.
currency swap is such a pact between two countries that allows trading in their own currency and payments to import and export trade at pre-determined exchange rate without bringing in a third benchmark currency like the us dollars.
the second agreement would enable both sides to undertake development projects in africa.
reinforcing the strong bonds of friendship.
the ministers looked forward to continuing the trend to strengthen & seek partnership in new areas, kumar tweeted.
later, an mea official said the two leaders discussed several areas of mutual interests including defence, security, counter-terrorism, trade, economic, energy, science and technology, and civil aviation among others.
they identified several new areas of cooperation, the official said.
following the meeting, the two leaders signed and adopted the agreed minutes of the jcm, kumar said.
swaraj also called on crown prince of abu dhabi sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan.
both the leaders expressed satisfaction at the pace of the bilateral relations in a range of areas, attesting to the two countries comprehensive strategic partnership, kumar said.
with nearly usd 50 billion bilateral trade, the two countries are one of the largest trade partners for each other and have made robust investments bilaterally.
the uae is the sixth-largest source of indian oil imports and hosts a 3.
3 million-strong indian community.
swaraj and abdullah also jointly inaugurated a digital interactive museum showcasing the life, works and philosophy of mahatma gandhi and the founder of modern uae shaikh zayed.
the gandhi-zayed digital museum, which will promote peace, tolerance and sustainability, is part of the celebrations by the two countries to mark the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi and centenary celebrations of the birth of shaikh zayed.
later in the evening, swaraj interacted with the indian community and appreciated their contribution in enhancing relations with the uae.
uae hosts a 33 lakh-strong indian community the largest number of indians outside india.
new delhi: the son of the nizamuddin dargah head priest, who has gone missing in pakistan, today pleaded that his father be released as he is not involved in any activity that should invite any action.
sajid ali nizami told reporters that his father syed asif nizami (80) went missing at karachi airport while few others, including nazim nizami, who were travelling with him were detained at lahore.
we have this information that he (syed) is in karachi.
our relatives went to the airport to recieve them but he never came out.
they directed them to send my father to karachi alone.
but then he never came out of the airport.
whoever has him, we just want to tell them we are not involved in any activity.
we are sufi people.
we belong to hazrat nizamuddin, we are staying here for the last 700 years.
we want him to be released as soon as possible, sajid said.
when contacted, syed afsar ali nizami, in-charge of the dargah hazrat nizamuddin auliya, said they were yet to receive any information about their whereabouts.
the two had gone to visit the famous daata darbar shrine in lahore and were to catch a flight to karachi on wednesday.
new delhi: nepals prime minister pushpa kamal dahal was on friday morning accorded a ceremonial welcome at the forecourts of the rashtrapati bhawan here in the presence of his indian counterpart narendra modi.
prime minister dahal, who is on a four-day visit to india, is scheduled to hold talks with president pranab mukherjee and prime minister modi in the latter part of the day.
the visiting dignitary arrived in new delhi yesterday.
on his arrival, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met the nepalese prime minister.
external affairs ministry said that india will take this opportunity to understand the developmental priorities of the new nepalese prime minister.
he will also visit nathpa jhakri hydropower project in himachal pradesh tomorrow.
this is dahal's first foreign bilateral visit after he assumed office last month.
the visit will provide an opportunity for both the sides to discuss issues of mutual interest and seek ways to strengthen the age-old friendly ties.
indian woman uzma who arrived here from pakistan via attari-wagah border going to delhi from amritsar airport on thursday.
uzma had claimed that she was forced to marry a pakistani man and was allowed to return india by the islamabad high court.
| ptinew delhi/amritsar: an indian woman, who was allegedly forced to marry a pakistani man at gun point, returned home today after the islamabad high court allowed her plea and ordered police to escort her to the wagah border.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj welcomed uzma back home, calling her india's daughter.
i am sorry for all that you have gone through, swaraj tweeted.
uzma, accompanied by indian mission officials, crossed the wagah border near amritsar this morning.
uzma, who is in her early 20s, hails from new delhi.
she had travelled to pakistan earlier this month.
she has accused tahir ali, whom she reportedly met in malaysia and fell in love with, of forcing her into marrying him in pakistan on may 3.
uzma petitioned the islamabad high court on may 12 requesting it to allow her to return home urgently as her daughter from her first marriage in india suffered from thalassemia -- a blood disorder characterised by abnormal hemoglobin production.
the court also returned her the immigration papers which she had said was taken away by ali, who had submitted the documents after being told by the court to do so.
she had been staying at the indian mission in islamabad after she accused ali of marrying her at gun point.
s lalitha byexpress news servicebengaluru: kannadigas forced to head all the way to chennai to get their emigration clearance to work in 18 countries, mainly in the middle east, can look forward to a major convenience in future - getting the clearance done at the regional passport office in koramangala.
the proposal, which was mooted by former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in january 2018 to open a protector of emigrants (poe) office in karnataka has recently picked up some momentum.
regional passport officer bharath kumar khutati told the new indian express, the central public works department has recently sent an estimate to the ministry of external affairs for the proposed videsh bhavan to come up at the passport office in koramangala.
a protector of emigrants office will come up as well as the regional office of the indian council of cultural relations will be shifted to this building.
this will ensure that all the offices falling under the ministry of external affairs in the state come under one roof and help in better co-ordination among all the departments,he said.
it will particularly help those requiring emigration clearances on their passports to work abroad who currently go up to chennai for the same.
those from north karnataka end up travelling very long distances to get the permission, khutati added.
emigration check required (ecr) passports are mandatory for the unskilled labour force who head for work in 18 countries, including malaysia, sudan, libya, bahrain, united arab emirates, saudi arabia, qatar, oman, kuwait, jordan, afghanistan, indonesia, syria and lebanon.
nearly 5,000 people from karnataka applied for emigration clearances in 2017 with a huge chunk of them going through recruiting agents.
drivers, housemaids, construction workers and hotel employees dominate the section seeking ecr.
asked about the time frame, the rpo said, it could in about two years time from now.
on the space availability at the koramangala office, the regional passport office said that the office had surplus space and would be sufficient for all the offices.
by ptilahore: a pakistani lawmaker from prime minister imran khan's party has met top indian leaders, including prime minister narendra modi, as islamabad started backdoor contacts with new delhi to defuse tensions between the two sides in the wake of the pulwama terror attack.
the ruling pakistan tehreek-e-insaf (pti) leader ramesh kumar vankwani met prime minister modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and minister of state for external affairs general v k singh.
i met sushmaswaraj swaraj ji and i told her that issues between the two countries can only be resolved through talks, vankwani told pti on sunday.
he said he told swaraj that pakistan did not want any tension india.
pakistan has never allowed anyone to use its soil to spread terror and would never allow it in the future too, i assure you.
we do not want tension with india.
let peace prevail, vankwani told swaraj.
he said at the meeting with swaraj he offered to play the role of a mediator between the two governments.
noting that mutual trust is important for the talks to take place, vankwani expressed hoped the two countries would move in a positive direction from here on.
the government has begun backdoor contacts with india and the ruling pakistan tehreek-e-insaf (pti) leader ramesh kumar vankwani, who was in india last week, has met prime minister modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, the express tribune reported.
i have communicated a positive note to the indian leaders and i hope there will now be a change in their behaviour, vankwani told the paper over phone on saturday.
he also met singh, who has served as the chief of the indian army.
the sindh-based pti leader, who is a lawmaker on minority seat, was in india as part of a 220-member delegation from 185 countries who attended the kumbh mela on an invite of the indian government.
his visit comes amid heightened tensions between the two countries in the wake of february 14 suicide attack by jaish-e-mohammad that killed at least 40 crpf soldiers in jammu and kashmir's pulwama district.
days after the pulwama attack, prime minister modi said security forces have been given free hand to avenge the dastardly act.
vankwani said he met modi during an event and the indian prime minister met him warmly, the report said.
he said he told modi that he had come with a positive message and wanted to return with a positive message.
he said later on modi's directive, swaraj also held a 25-minute-long meeting with him.
i told the indian foreign minister that in pakistan it's captain's (imran khan) government now; he is a pathan and he does what he says.
we assure you that no pakistani institution is involved in pulwama attack.
if india provides evidence, we will facilitate the investigation, the report quoted vankwani as saying.
according to the pti leader, he told swaraj that the two countries need to take lessons from past.
enmity can be brought to an end by befriending the enemy, he said, adding that he himself has returned after ganga ashnan (ablution) and never tells lies.
i told them that we need to get out of politics of accusations, he said.
according to vankwani, after the meeting he felts that the atmosphere was beginning to thaw.
indian pm during his rajasthan rally has hinted at holding dialogue with pakistan, he added.
new delhi: amidst passions running high on both sides of the border, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs moving tweet to a pakistani girl has mellowed down a few hearts.
swarajresponded to pakistani girl on tour of india by saying daughters belong to all.
with volatile relations between india and pakistan taking turn for worse every day, aliya harir, a young peace activist from pakistan who is traveling with a bunch of other girls to chandigarh, tweeted to the minister raising concerns about their safety.
she had tweeted to swaraj on saturday, who went out of her way to allay the concerns of the young activists.
aliya, i was concerned about your safety, kyunki betiyan toh sabki saanjhi hoti hain (daughters belong to all, swaraj tweeted after speaking to aliya over phone.
aliya is on a cross-border initiative agaaz-e-dosti organised in collaboration with chandigarh-based ngo yuvsatta.
the girls had arrived on september 28th for a five-day event.
it was on the intervening night of september 28-29 that india conducted surgical strikes across the line of control to take out the terrorists waiting to infiltrate into india.
the announcement of the strikes raised concerns about the conflict escalating between the two arch rivals and sent the parents of the girls in tizzy.
however, after the assurance from the external affairs minister the girls have decided to carry on with their trip to india.
bengaluru: bengaluru police arrested a web designer and a tv actor on saturday for sending a fake recommendation letter to passport office bearing the signature of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the accused, who are brothers, had applied for passport and failed to submit the proper documents.
when officials rejected their application, they mailed the fake recommendation letter to the passport office through speed post.
the arrested have been identified as surya roshan alias imran (21) and his elder brother arya roshan alias imthiyaz (27).
they are residents of sarakki in jp nagar.
following a complaint lodged by the regional passport office, the police raided their house and found fake letter heads of narendra modi, rajnath singh and other ministers and also fake stamp of government of india.
a senior police officer said that surya and arya had applied for passports in 2012 and had received an appointment.
the officials in the passport office in koramangala had rejected the applications since the documents were improper and did not match their names and date of birth.
they again applied for passports recently and sent a fake recommendation letter bearing the forged signature of sushmaswaraj swaraj and her photo was printed in the letter head.
in the letter, the accused said that the officials should consider their application since their family was close to sushma.
realising it was a fake letter, the passport office informed koramangala police.
on april 10, the accused were asked to come to the passport office to collect the passport and were detained by the police when they reached.
during questioning, surya confessed that he had experience in web designing and computer application course and had downloaded the central ministers' signatures, photos and letter heads along with their office addresses.
the police are now investigating whether the two had submitted similar letters elsewhere.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today condoled the death of an indian-origin store owner in south carolina and said the investigation in the case was in progress.
our consul has reached lancaster and met the family of harnish patel.
she said the investigation in the case was in progress.
swaraj also offered her condolences to the bereaved family.
patel, 43, the owner of a convenience store in lancaster county, south carolina, was found dead of gunshot wounds in the front yard of his home on thursday.
police had said in patel's killing his indian ethnicity did not appear to be a factor.
i have spoken to sardar harpal singh, father of the victim.
he told me that his son had a bullet injury on his arm.
he is out of danger and is recovering in a private hospital, swaraj tweeted.
rai was working on his vehicle outside his home in kent, washington, on friday when he was approached by a stranger, who walked up to his home's driveway.
kent police said an argument broke out between the two men, with rai saying the suspect made statements to the effect of go back to your own country.
the unidentified man then shot him in the arm.
on the attack on rai, marykay l carlson, charge' d' affairs, american embassy here, said she was saddened by the shooting in washington state.
wishes for quick and full recovery.
as @potus said we condemn 'hate and evil in all its forms', she tweeted.
both these attacks come close on the heels of the tragic hate crime shooting in kansas last month in which 32-year-old indian engineer srinivas kuchibhotla was killed when 51-year- old us navy veteran adam purinton opened fire at him and his friend alok madasani, yelling get out of my country.
by online deskwhat would a student of class vii may aspire to do?
play a lot of games?
have less homework?
less school hours?
but this class vii student in hyderabad has a different dream.
people in the city of pearl were taken aback when they came across the boy - mohammed hassan ali, who has been teaching engineering students free of cost for over a year and aims to teach at least one lakh such students by the end of 2020.
now comes the inevitable questions.
why does he do this?
how does he find time for it?
when mohammed was in class vi, he saw a video on the internet about scores of unemployed engineers abroad because they lack necessary skills.
that made him wonder what he can do to change that situation?
in his words, i realised it is primarily technical and communication skills that they are not well aware of.
since my area of interest is designing, i started learning and teaching the same.
while talking about how he has been able to do this consistently, he said, i go to school in the morning and i am back home by 3 pm.
after that i play and do my homework.
by 6 pm, i go to the coaching institute to teach the civil, mechanical and electrical engineers.
he doesnt charge money from his students because he aspires to do something good to serve the country.
he believes he wouldnt be able to do this if not for his parents support.
at present, he teaches engineering applications, autocad designing among other subjects.
according to a hyderabad-based daily, he has started 'skill india', an institute to educate engineering students.
one of his students, sushmaswaraj , a civil engineer said, i have been coming here for a month and a half to learn civil software.
he is younger to all of us here but manages to teach quite well.
his skills are good and what he teaches is easy to comprehend.
by ptinew delhi: south korean first lady kim jung-sook met prime minister narendra modi monday as they discussed ways to promote people-to-people exchanges between the two countries.
kim is visiting india at the invitation of prime minister modi and she will be the chief guest at the 'deepotsav' event being organised by the uttar pradesh government and the ground-breaking ceremony of the new memorial of queen suriratna (heo hwang-ok) in ayodhya on tuesday.
in their meeting on monday, modi and kim discussed the deep civilisational and spiritual links between india and korea, and exchanged views on promoting people-to-people exchanges, a statement from the prime minister's office said.
she also congratulated the prime minister on being awarded the seoul peace prize.
the prime minister said this honour truly belongs to the people of india.
modi also warmly recalled the successful visit of president moon jae-in to india in july 2018, which imparted fresh momentum to india-korea special strategic partnership.
earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had called on kim.
the korean first lady also interacted with school students here on monday, the first of her official engagements during her india visit.
kim arrived here sunday on a four-day visit.
affectionate bonding.
eam @sushmaswaraj calls on the first lady of the republic of korea, mrs kim jung-sook.
india and rok (republic of korea) share a special strategic partnership since 2015 and our relations have deepened and diversified in recent years, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
after her meeting with swaraj, the first lady visited the asn senior secondary school in east delhi where she interacted with students.
the school has a tie-up with south korea's jeonnam (chonnam) foreign language high school since 2015 and the institutes have an exchange programme for their students and teachers.
addressing a group of students, kim urged them to study hard and help in the growth of their nations.
the future generation will help in further cementing the indo-korean ties, she said.
with the political leadership in india and korea working to strengthen ties, the students will get more opportunities to visit each others countries, she said.
the korean first lady will visit lucknow and from there, on tuesday, she will leave for ayodhya where she will attend the ground-breaking ceremony of the queen suriratna memorial.
the first lady's participation in the festivities in ayodhya will showcase our close civilisational links as well as the ongoing deepening engagement between our two countries, the mea had said last week.
according to korean legends, princess suriratna from ayodhya had travelled to korea and married king kim suro and became queen heo hwang-ok some 2000 years ago.
the south korean first lady will also attend the 'deepotsav' event in the evening on tuesday.
kim will leave for agra on wednesday for a visit to the taj mahal before heading home.
by aninew delhi: amid a threat by pakistan to boycott a meeting of the organisation of islamic cooperation (oic) if india attended, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is slated to leave for the uae later today to participate in the conclave as the guest of honour.
swaraj will address the plenary of the 46th session of the council of foreign ministers to be held in abu dhabi from march 1 to 2.
pakistan's foreign minister shah mehmood qureshi has threatened to boycott the oic meeting if swaraj participated.
yesterday, swaraj attended the 16th foreign ministers meeting of russia-india-china (ric) at wuzhen in china where she said that terrorists attacks like pulwama are a grim reminder for the need of all countries to show 'zero tolerance' towards terrorism.
read| us, uk and france ask un security council to ban jem chief masood azhar in fresh proposalthe oic on tuesday condemned the aerial strike carried out by india deep inside pakistan, urging new delhi and islamabad to exercise restraint to avoid further provocations that would endanger peace and security in the region.
the indian air force strike in balakot in pakistan's khyber-pakhtunkhwa province, destroyed a major terrorist training camp run by jaish-e-mohammad (jem) and eliminated a large number of terrorists, including top commanders.
jem had claimed responsibility for the attack on a crpf convoy in pulwama on february 14 in which 40 personnel were killed.
read| peace pressure after loc dogfighton wednesday morning, india foiled an attempt by pakistan air force to carry out strikes in jammu and kashmir by shooting down an f-16 fighter plane while losing its own mig-21 jet after which a pilot was missing in action.
pakistan later acknowledged that wing commander abhinandan varthaman, who ejected across the line of control, is in its custody.
the oic called on both sides to resume bilateral dialogue towards de-escalation of the current situation as a matter of priority.
swaraj has been invited by uae foreign minister abdullah bin zayed al nahyan to address the oic meet.
by ptinew delhi: bhutan prime minister lotay tshering will be on a three-day visit to india from thursday, during which he will hold talks with counterpart narendra modi, the ministry of external affairs said monday.
this is tshering's first visit to the country since taking charge last month.
the ministers of foreign affairs, economic affairs and other senior officials will be accompanying the bhutanese prime minister, a statement said.
during the december 27-29 visit, tshering will deliberate on ways to step up ties between the two neighbours and also call on president ram nath kovind and vice-president venkaiah naidu.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and other ministers will call on the bhutanese prime minister, the statement said.
the two sides are likely to discuss all aspects of bilateral relations, including high-level exchanges, people-to-people ties, and economic, development and hydropower cooperation, it said.
the upcoming visit of tshering will provide an opportunity to the two sides to review the progress in the multifaceted partnership, and discuss ways and means to expand the enduring ties of friendship and cooperation, the statement said.
tshering's visit comes a month after foreign secretary vijay gokhale's official trip to bhutan, it added.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday exposed a concocted story of an indian kidnapped in the central european nation of serbia, saying it was a stage-managed act.
however, later on thursday evening, sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted that the abduction was stage-managed and she knew the whole truth of the matter.
rajiv - i have all the facts before me.
your brother was not abducted, she tweeted.
he stage-managed his own abduction and the video is fake, she said.
however, @indiainserbia intervened and your brother has been released by serbian police.
he is returning on 25 march.
sushma swaraj also retweeted a video by sharma sent on wednesday showing the said mahajan allegedly being ill-treated by the so-called kidnappers.
in confusing tweets, sharma first claimed that his brother was kidnapped in serbia and the kidnappers were asking for money or else they would kill him.
the minister responded that indian ambassador to serbia sanjay verma said that mahajan had been found and was in the safe custody of serbian authorities.
sharma later tweeted that mahajan had entered a refugee camp in serbia, as guided by an agent.
formerly a part of yugoslavia, serbia became an independent republic in 2006 when the balkan country crumbled.
according to the indian embassy in belgrade, there are only a handful of nris and persons of indian origin (pios) in serbia and there is no indian community association there.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj successfully underwent a kidney transplant at aiims here today and her condition is stable.
swaraj, 64, was shifted to the intensive care unit after the nearly six-hour-long surgery by a team of 50.
aiims sources said the kidney for swaraj was donated by a woman who is in her 40s and not related to the external affairs minister.
a team of senior doctors has been monitoring the minister's condition round-the-clock.
the surgery was successful and uneventful.
she is admitted in the icu and her condition is stable.
her condition is being closely monitored by a team of doctors.
the donor voluntarily donated her kidney to the minister, aiims director m c mishra said when contacted.
as no suitable donor was available in the immediate family, the transplant was done with the kidney from a living unrelated donor, sources said, adding the clearance for it was obtained from the authorisation committee of aiims.
mishra said the surgery was carried out at the cardio-thoracic centre by a team of 50 personnel including transplant surgeons, transplant anesthesiologists, nurses, technicians and other supporting staff.
the team comprised mishra, surgeons v k bansal and v seenu, nephrologist sandeep mahajan and cardio thoracic and vascular surgery (ctvs) chief dr balram airan among others.
the surgery started at around 9 am and ended at 2.
30 pm following which the minister has been shifted to the icu.
first, the organ was harvested from the donor which took one-and-half hours and then it was transplanted, mishra said.
living, unrelated donor could be anyone who is emotionally attached to the recipient, such as a friend, a relative, a neighbour or an in-law.
a large number of people including pakistan high commissioner abdul basit wished swaraj speedy recovery.
we wish mea sushmaswaraj swaraj sahiba speedy and full recovery, he tweeted.
swaraj has been suffering from diabetes for quite sometime and after it was found that she had renal failure, she was put on maintenance dialysis.
on november 16, swaraj herself had tweeted that she was in aiims because of kidney failure.
swaraj, who has been in and out of the hospital for last few months, was admitted to aiims on november 7.
after swaraj made public her health condition on social media, several people offered their kidneys to her.
by ptirabat: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday arrived at moroccon capital rabat from bulgaria on her maiden visit to the north african nation where she will met the country's top leaders to discuss ways to consolidate strategic partnership in various sectors of mutual interest.
swaraj is on a four-day three-nation tour to bulgaria, morocco and spain as part of india's efforts to strengthen relations with these three countries and expand avenues of cooperation.
eam @sushmaswaraj arrives in #rabat, #morocco, on her first ever visit to the country.
eam will meet her moroccan counterpart from @marocdiplomatie nasser bourita and political leadership on this short visit.
we attach priority to strengthen our relationship in different sectors, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
swaraj met her bulgarian counterpart ekaterina zaharieva on saturday and the two leaders discussed a range of bilateral issues including those related to economy, agriculture and health.
in the second leg of her tour to morocco, the minister will meet her moroccon counterpart nasser bourita.
she will also meet morrocon king mohammed vi, prime minister saad dine el otmani and speaker of the house of representatives habib el malki.
the visit is in pursuit of india's objective of enhanced engagement with the kingdom and will provide an opportunity to hold in-depth discussions on bilateral, regional and global issues, an mea statement said.
three mous in the areas of counter terrorism, housing and human settlements and youth matters are expected to be signed between india and morocco during the visit, it said.
swaraj will also interact with the indian community in rabat.
by ptiwashington: the indian embassy in the us has opened a 24/7 hotline to assist 129 indian students arrested by the american authorities in the pay-and-stay university visa scam, officials have said.
as many as 129 indians are among the 130 foreign students arrested for enroling at a fake university allegedly to remain in the us.
the university in detroit's farmington hills was part of an undercover operation by the department of homeland security (dhs) designed to expose immigration fraud, according to federal prosecutors who announced charges in the case.
the two numbers -202-322-1190 and 202-340-2590- would be manned by senior embassy officials round the clock, officials said on friday.
the arrested students, their friends and family members can contact the embassy at cons3.
washington@mea.gov.
in.
also read | indian students held in sting op by us agencies, claims facebook postthe indian embassy has appointed a nodal officer to handle and coordinate all issues related to helping indian students affected by the busting of the pay-and-stay racket run by a group of indians that has put some 600 students under trouble.
the us immigration and customs enforcement or ice, till thursday, had arrested 130 students from the fake farmington university in greater detroit area.
the ice officials said 129 of them are indian nationals.
the fake university was opened by homeland security investigations to trap those involved in illegal student visa racket.
it has now been closed.
the arrest of such a large number of students has created panic among the indian students.
federal investigators say, the students who took admission in the university knew that the university programme was illegal.
officials said all of them face deportation, besides being put under detention.
a number of students have been put under some kind of house arrest with tracking device on their ankle, that prohibits them from moving out of a designated area in their neighbourhood.
as part of its investigations, early this week, the ice arrested eight recruiters on criminal charges.
from their names it appears that all of them are either indian nationals or indian-americans.
these suspects aided hundreds of foreign nationals to remain in the united states illegally by helping to portray them as students, which they most certainly were not.
hsi remains vigilant to ensure the integrity of us immigration laws and will continue to investigate this and other transnational crimes, said special agent charge francis.
according to the ice, in 2017, as many as 249,763 indian students were enrolled in the various american universities.
students from china topped the list with 481,106 in 2017.
this is for the first time probably that such a large number of indian students have been arrested in one go.
the number is expected to increase further, as ice officials continue with their nationwide crackdown on indian students enrolled in this fake university while working at different places.
embassy of india, washington and all five consulates in the us working closely together to help indian students detained in the us, the indian embassy said friday.
consular officers from indian consulate in houston met the arrested indian students at prairieland detention centre, alvarado, texas.
this intervention by officials from the indian embassy and its consulates has helped in release of some of the arrested students.
some friends and families of the detained indian students are using twitter seeking help from the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
madam, this is regarding fake university (university of farmington michigan) issue.
my husband has been taken into custody today morning and i don't have any update on his status till now.
could you please help me on this, one madhuri wrote on twitter to swaraj.
acting promptly, the indian embassy sought the details of her husband.
her husband was a student at the fake university.
hi, i have mailed to indian embassy and they told that they are trying to meet my husband through consulate.
after that i didn't get any update from them, madhuri wrote on twitter in response to a question.
in new delhi, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said, we are aware about this incident.
we are ascertaining more details (through) our embassy in washington and different consulates in the us.
we have also mobilised the indian community organisations in the us to extend all possible support to the indian students who are affected by this incident.
the ice said foreign students are granted what are called f and m visas to study in the us and must maintain their legal status by enrolling in a varsity certified by the student and exchange visitor program.
the ice said since the farmington varsity did not offer courses, the students were using the programme as a way to work.
by ptijabalpur: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj monday said there was no anti-incumbency in poll-bound madhya pradesh due to good governance under chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
mp goes to polls on november 28, and counting of votes will be taken up on december 11.
the bjp is not facing anti-incumbency in mp as the state government took decisions in public interest which quelled anti-incumbency, she said.
the bjp government in mp has earnestly worked for people and implemented flawless welfare policies, she said, adding that the state's people had faith in the ruling party.
she also hit out at congress chief rahul gandhi and claimed his indecisive leadership, on going it alone or forging poll alliances, had put his party in a tight spot.
swaraj dubbed gandhi's visits to temples and homes of dalits as politics of appeasement.
she claimed the bjp had a clear vision in which prime minister narendra modi led at the national level and chouhan was in the driver's seat in mp.
swaraj is a lok sabha member from vidisha in mp.
by ptichandigarh: punjab chief minister amarinder singh has urged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to take up with the pakistan government the issue of opening the corridor from dera baba nanak to kartarpur sahib.
in a letter to swaraj, the chief minister said kartarpur sahib in narowal district of pakistan's punjab province was one of the most-revered religious places for sikhs as guru nanak spent a large part of his life there, an official statement said friday.
pointing out that the gurdwara lies around four km westwards from dera baba nanak in gurdaspur district, he said the state government had, time and again, requested the centre to take up the issue with the neighbouring country on the opening a corridor from the international border to kartarpur sahib.
referring to the 550th birth anniversary of guru nanak in november, the chief minister apprised swaraj that the punjab assembly had passed a unanimous resolution on august 27, seeking uninterrupted opening of the corridor.
it may be recalled that amarinder had requested swaraj in august to take up the matter.
new delhi: refusing to be bogged down by china scuttling its entry into the nuclear suppliers group (nsg), india on saturday took up the matter directly with chinese foreign minister wang yi during his new delhi visit.
yi, after meeting prime minister narendra modi, held talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
a number of issues of bilateral and international importance were discussed during the three-hour-marathon meeting with swaraj.
according to sources, the most important agenda of the talks was indias bid for an nsg membership.
sushma swaraj outlined the importance of a seat in nsg towards indias objective of meeting its clean energy goals, sources said.
it was mutually agreed upon that the director generals of disarmament of the two countries would meet soon to discuss the issue.
another bone of contention that beijing had repeatedly been blocking is to designate jaish-e-mohammad chief masood azhar as a terrorist by the united nations.
for the second time this year, china put the listing of azhar, reported to be behind the pathankot attack, on a technical hold.
sources said china agreed to revisit its technical hold in line with its professed zero tolerance towards terrorism.
india spoke of its concerns over the china-pakistan economic corridor coming up in gilgit-baltistan and pakistan-occupied-kashmir at a whopping cost of $46 billion.
the corridor aims to link chinas xinjiang province to the gwadar deep sea port close to pakistans border with iran.
in the past also, india had asked china to cease such activities.
among other issues discussed were the easing of visa regime and civil society relations.
indias hopes of becoming a permanent member of the un security council was also spoken about.
however, china is said to have avoided the issue of the south china sea.
earlier in the day, yi had briefed modi on the g-20 summit that will be held in china in september.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today assured a pakistani man of a medical visa so that his two and a half-month-old infant, who is suffering from a heart disease, can be brought to india for treatment.
swaraj's assurance came after the child's father brought the matter to her notice on twitter.
the child will not suffer.
please contact indian high commission in pakistan.
we will give the medical visa, she said.
earlier, a man named ravi kumar had also written to swaraj, saying that the infant needs immediate treatment and had sought her intervention in the matter.
udupi:in response to yet another sos on twitter, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj helped an udupi man, who was assaulted by his boss in mozambique, southeast africa, to return to mumbai.
the victim anand singh (46), hails from mumbai, but had settled in udupi for the past few years.
anands sister anita suvarna had posted a message on twitter earlier this week, seeking sushmas help.
in her message, suvarna had mentioned that her brother was not paid salary for nine months by cogeno comercio geral de bocala, the company he was working for.
the firms owner had accused anand of stealing money and assaulted him.
speaking to express, anita said, anand was promised a monthly salary of $400 when he had joined the firm in october 2015.
but he wasnt paid any salary for nine months.
on may 29, anand found `9 lakh cash missing from the cash box.
so he informed about the theft to his boss.
but they accused anand of stealing the cash and assaulted him.
also, the owners son put a gun to anands head and asked him to admit to stealing money.
his passport and other documents were confiscated by them, she claimed.
the indian embassy in mabuto swung into action on wednesday, after sushmas intervention.
hansraj singh verma, an official in the indian embassy in mozambique, provided necessary help to my brother, and put him on a flight to mumbai.
anand reached mumbai safely on friday, anita said, while thanking sushmaswaraj swaraj for her swift action.
anita told express that she will continue her fight to get compensation from the owner of the firm, to meet anands medical expenditure.
by ptiislamabad: pakistan's foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi said on tuesday that he has spoken to his uae counterpart and expressed reservations about the invitation to india's external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to attend the oic meeting scheduled later this week.
in a strategically significant development, india has been invited to the inaugural plenary of the foreign ministers' conclave of the organisation of islamic cooperation (oic), a powerful grouping of muslim majority nations, in abu dhabi from march 1 to 2.
swaraj will attend the meeting as the 'guest of honour'.
addressing a press conference here after a special meeting of the national security committee (nsc) in the wake of india's air strikes inside pakistan early tuesday, qureshi said the situation has changed now.
aggression has been done against a founding member of the oic, he said, referring to the indian attack that destroyed jaish-e-mohammed's biggest training camp in balakot in pakistan's restive khyber pakhtunkhwa province, killing a very large number of terrorists, trainers and commanders.
the air strikes came 12 days after the jem carried out the pulwama terror attack in jammu and kashmir that killed 40 crpf soldiers.
qureshi said that he has spoken to the foreign minister of the uae and expressed pakistan's reservations for inviting the indian foreign minister as chief of guest in the oic meeting.
describing the situation following the indian air strikes as serious, qureshi said that prime minister imran khan also had telephonic conversations with uae crown prince sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan as well as saudi crown prince mohammad bin salman over the development.
the oic is a grouping of 57 countries, the majority of which are muslim majority.
it has usually been supportive of pakistan and, often sided with islamabad on the kashmir issue.
on the request of pakistan, the oic summoned an emergency meeting of its kashmir contact group at its general secretariat in riyadh on tuesday.
the contact group expressed deep concern over the heightened tension and called for an immediate de-escalation in the region, the foreign office said.
by ptilondon: prime minister imran khan-led pakistan government must to do some soul searching on india's legitimate concerns to make way for a process of engagement on kashmir, national conference leader omar abdullah has said.
the senior kashmiri politician said that while a one-off summit-based approach is not the answer, any hopes of a proper dialogue on the issue, insulated from forces that are inimical to a dialogue on both sides of the border, would have to wait to be realised at the end of india's general election cycle in may 2019.
while we are going through our election process, i think pakistan needs to do a bit of soul searching in terms of addressing legitimate concerns that india has, he said.
the former jammu and kashmir chief minister, who was in london to participate in an event organised by the international institute for strategic studies (iiss) around changing the narratives within the india-pakistan bilateral context, said the pakistan government's decisions such as letting lashkar-e-taiba founder hafiz saeed roam free had proved a setback to the much-needed confidence building measures.
the recent decision of the imran khan government to release 20 stamps on kashmir does not help, when instead of confidence building measures we have steps that break confidence,abdullah said on the sidelines of the event in london on friday.
the release of some 20 postal stamps, glorifying kashmiri militant burhan wani and others, by pakistan was one of the reasons india cited to call of a proposed meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her pakistani counterpart shah mehmood qureshi in new york in september.
pakistan is our neighbour; whatever concerns we have with pakistan, we have accepted that war is not an option.
so, the only option available to us is talks.
we need to resolve our differences through dialogue.
but for that, at some stage, pakistan will also have to take india's concerns on board, he said.
abdullah also lamented the vast gap between the government of india and its representative in jammu and kashmir - governor satya pal malik, and the youth of j&k, which needs to be narrowed urgently.
he said: the youth of jammu and kashmir are perhaps more alienated today than they have been since the early 1990s; when educated youngsters and people with secure jobs are joining the ranks of militancy.
and that's a very worrying sign.
at the moment, it is about hoping that some smaller corrective measures can be taken now to reduce the levels of alienation, with a higher degree of engagement once we are through with this election cycle.
as dulat, former intelligence bureau (ib) special director and former research and analysis wing (raw) chief who was among the participants at the iiss event, also expressed hope that dialogue would be re-initiated between india and pakistan soon.
we should talk and never stop talking.
i remain optimistic on a solution in kashmir, said dulat, who pointed to former pakistan president pervez musharraf's four-point formula dating back to 2006 as a good starting point.
if that agreement had been worked out between (gen pervez) musharraf and dr manmohan singh, my assessment is that we would have had at least 15 years of peace in kashmir, he said.
congress party spokesperson manish tewari explained that the aim of the london event was to explore the building blocks of a narrative which can correct perceptions that india and pakistan have about each other.
there is a feeling that confidence building measures and the creation of a positive narrative have to precede conflict resolution.
it is a step by step process and every incremental step would then add up to a whole, he said.
other speakers at the event, including pakistan-based the news' daily editor aamir ghauri, proposed exchange programmes for indian and pakistani journalists and a freer flow of people on both sides of the border to foster greater understanding.
new delhi: minister of external affair sushmaswaraj swarajs candid admission about her health issues on twitter triggered an outpour of adulation for the 64-year-old leader with offers of kidney donation coming in not only from india, but also from abroad.
an overwhelmed swaraj, who has been going for aiims for dialysis daily and returns home in the evening to work from her home, replied: with your good wishes and lord krishna's blessings, i will be able to come out of this situation.
among the many who offered their kidneys has been a baloch activist ahmar mustikhan.
it will be a great honor if my baloch kidney may help our sister sushmaswaraj swaraj; this will be a small token of thanks for raising an issue at un (sic), mustikhan wrote on twitter.
some friends have also offered their kidneys for my transplant.
i have no words to express my deep sense of gratitude towards them, swaraj added.
the minister has been helping out people in distress with the same alacrity even now.
on her person intervention visa has been issued to a pakistani woman who wanted to come to india for her childs treatment.
organs and tissue transplants are governed by the transplantation of human organs and tissues act, 2011.
organs can either be retrieved from cadavers or from brain dead patients with their family consent, or may be donated by living donors.
the law recognises three types of living donors: near relatives like parents, siblings, grandparents, grandchildren or spouses; others who can donate for affection and attachment or for a special reason but not for financial considerations; and swap donors where near relative donors are swapped between patients whose own family members are incompatible.
(for example, if a husband is willing to donate a kidney to his wife but is not compatible, he can do so to another patient, provided a near relative of that patient is compatible with his wife and can donate a kidney to her.
by ptiwashington: the us on wednesday firmly asked pakistan to take meaningful action against terrorist groups operating on its soil and underscored the importance of avoiding escalation at any cost after india targeted terrorist camp in pakistan.
forty central reserve police force (crpf) personnel were killed in a suicide attack by pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammed (jem) in jammu and kashmir's pulwama district on february 14, sparking outrage in the country.
following the incident, india on tuesday bombed and destroyed jem's biggest training camp in balakot in pakistan's restive khyber pakhtunkhwa province, about 80-km from the line of control (loc) early tuesday, killing a very large number of terrorists, trainers and senior commanders.
us secretary of state mike pompeo in a phone call with the pakistan foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi also called for avoiding military action.
in a separate call with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, pompeo emphasised the close security partnership between the us and india and shared goal of maintaining peace and security in the region.
pompeo is currently in vietnam to attend the second summit between president donald trump and the north korean leader kim jong-un on the denuclearsation of the korean peninsula.
following indian counter-terrorism actions on february 26, i spoke with indian minister of external affairs swaraj to emphasize our close security partnership and shared goal of maintaining peace and security in the region, pompeo said in a statement.
i also spoke to pakistani foreign minister qureshi to underscore the priority of de-escalating current tensions by avoiding military action, and the urgency of pakistan taking meaningful action against terrorist groups operating on its soil, pompeo said.
i expressed to both ministers that we encourage india and pakistan to exercise restraint, and avoid escalation at any cost.
i also encouraged both ministers to prioritise direct communication and avoid further military activity, said the secretary of state.
last week, us national security adviser john bolton told his indian counterpart ajit doval that america supports india's right to self-defence as both sides vowed to work together to ensure that pakistan ceases to be a safe heaven for jem and other terror groups.
hubballi: this was one indo-pak alliance that ended on a joyous note.
daniel devanur who married his distant relative sylvia noreen at a church in lahore in 2016 couldnt get her home to india due to some technical problems.
after nearly a year and after many merry-go-rounds, both are now reunited in delhi.
the happy couple are expected to arrive here next week.
devanur married sylvia at pentecostal church in yohana colony in lahore on june 26, 2016, and was unable to bring her to india.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs intervention and dharwad mp prahlad joshis help ensured that their story had a happy ending.
sylvia reached new delhi on april 19.
a joyous devanur told express that he never lost his heart and was confident that he would be able to bring his wife to his house.
my wife is a distant relative.
during the partition of india and pakistan, silvias family shifted to pakistan.
we still have relatives in pakistan, new delhi and london.
i am grateful to the indian government, especially sushmaswaraj swaraj and prahlad joshi, for their help.
i am in delhi and am celebrating the moment, said devanur.
devanur had shared his marriage photographs and marriage certificate on social media sites.
and he even requested prahlad joshi to help him out and the mp assured him of every possible help.
devanur had also tweeted to sushmaswaraj swaraj,respected mam nobody is attesting my pakistani wifes sponsorship certificate please help us, god bless you mam.
he said his wife needed a visitors visa to come to india and it required grade one officers signature on the papers.
but because of escalating tension between both the countries, no officer in pakistan was willing to help him.
hence, it took the ministrys intervention to solve the issue.
mp prahlad joshi said, i have spoken to sushmaswaraj swaraj and mos general v k singh regarding the matter as it was a very sensitive issue.
i am happy i was able to help him.
i will meet the couple when they are here.
hyderabad: apart from keeping themselves busy with formulating strategies to revive their political fortunes, congress leaders, who had played a key role for and against bifurcation of the erstwhile andhra pradesh, have now begun sparring with each other over the juicy political details that happened behind the curtains at the time of passage of ap reorganisation act, 2014 in parliament.
days after the release of a book 'vibhajana katha' (a story behind division of ap) by former mp and ex-congress leader undavalli aruna kumar, former union minister s jaipal reddy, who is also writing a similar book to disclose the facts behind formation of telangana state, on wednesday described undavalli's book as a 'kattu katha' (fictional story).
alleging that undavalli made some unsavoury remarks at him in the book, jaipal said the book was written based on fiction than factual information.
it is not proper to anybody to comment that ap reorganisation bill in parliament was introduced and passed in parliament, amid conspiracy, the congress veteran hit back at undavalli, who had resigned from the membership of the congress party post-bifurcation, and is now leading apolitical life.
addressing mediapersons at gandhi bhavan here, jaipal reddy came down heavily on undavalli saying the former mp had written an imaginary story on the discussions held in the speaker's chambers during the introduction of ap reorganisation bill in parliament.
taking strong exception to the way undavalli used the word 'conspiracy' to describe the way bill was passed in the house by blocking live telecast, the congress veteran said, it is unfair for undavalli to write like that.
how could he write imaginary story?
as i was present in the speaker's chambers during the introduction of the bill in the lok sabha, i knew the facts, jaipal said.
at that time, the then speaker asked us how was it possible to introduce the bill as the house was not in order.
however, the then leader of opposition in the lok sabha, sushmaswaraj swaraj, assured us that her party (bjp) would back the bill.
i convinced the speaker to introduce the bill in the house.
later, the bill was passed as per rules, he added.
the congress veteran further said he had not advised anybody to stop the live telecast of the house proceedings.
the live telecast might be stopped due to pepper spray incident, he said.
my fellow mp ponnam prabhakar requested the bjp floor leader sushmaswaraj swaraj touching her feet on february 28, 2014 in parliament.
then sushmaswaraj came to speaker's chamber and discussed with me in the presence of speaker, he further revealed.
the bill was passed in parliament as per constitution.
we will win the case in supreme court, he said.
by ptimadrid: india and spain on tuesday discussed cooperation in trade, defence and counterterrorism as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj held talks with her spanish counterpart josep borrell.
on behalf the government, swaraj also accepted the prestigious grand cross of order of civil merit conferred by spain in recognition of india's support in evacuating 71 spanish nationals during april 2015 nepal earthquake.
honour for india!
on behalf of people of india, eam @sushmaswaraj accepts prestigious grand cross of order of civil merit conferred by spanish government in recognition of indias support in evacuating 71 spanish nationals during april 2015 nepal earthquake.
pic.
twitter.com/ocajvropfm  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) february 19, 2019swaraj was warmly received by borrell at the viana palace, his official residence, ahead of the meeting.
this was their third meeting in five months.
eam swaraj and spanish foreign minister held detailed talks over a working breakfast.
took stock of relationship across the spectrum, specially in trade & investment, defence & security, counter terrorism, culture and tourism, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
swaraj, who arrived in spain on monday, also interacted with the indian community in spain and thanked them for their contribution in diverse fields and promoting india-spain relations.
the foreign minister spoke to one of the clerics of the hazrat nizamuddin aulia dargah.
i just spoke to syed nazim ali nizami in karachi.
he told me that they are safe and will be back in delhi tomorrow (monday), swaraj tweeted.
head priest of hazrat nizammuddin aulia dargah, syed asif ali nizami, aged 80, and his nephew nazim ali nizami had gone to pakistan on march 8.
both went missing after landing in karachi.
the trip was part of a traditional two-way exchange of clerics between the two countries as the hazrat nizamuddin dargah in delhi is associated with gharib nawaz, who is venerated in data darbar lahore.
swaraj had taken up the matter with pakistan prime ministers foreign adviser, sartaj aziz.
the indian high commissioner in islamabad had lodged a strong complaint with the foreign ministry in islamabad on the matter.
asif nizamis son, who spoke to his father, thanked the prime minister and external affairs minister for their efforts to ensure his fathers safe return.
pakistan had on saturday informed india that both clerics were traced and will reach india on monday.
pakistani media reports said both were in interior sindh and with poor connectivity.
earlier, there were reports that the two had been picked up by intelligence agencies on account of their suspicious movements.
in a separate development, indian and pakistani officials will meet in islamabad on monday to discuss issues related to the indus water treaty as part of the permanent indus commission (pic) meeting.
new delhi: terming the greater noida incident in which several people of nigerian origin were injured as deplorable, external affairs ministry spokesman gopal baglay said that law enforcement authorities of the district have made arrests and are investigating this matter.
the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath regarding the incident, said baglay.
he said authorities are taking necessary steps to keep the situation under control.
minister of state for external affairs m j akbar informed nigerian envoy sola enikanolaiye about the steps being taken by local authorities for the safety and security of nigerian nationals.
the government is committed to ensuring safety and security of all foreigners in india.
people from africa, including students and youth, remain our valued partners, he said.
earlier in the day, as many as five persons were arrested in connection with the assault on four nigerian nationals in greater noida.
swaraj had yesterday sought report from the uttar pradesh government over the attack on four nigerian students, who sustained severe injuries after being assaulted by a group of local residents in greater noida's pari chowk area.
the incident came as locals protested following the death of a class 12 student in greater noida's nsg black cats enclave due to suspected drug overdose and five nigerian students living in the neighbourhood were booked - and later detained - in connection with the case.
the students were later released for lack of evidence.
over 100 locals held a protest at the busy junction demanding that all africans living in residential colonies in greater noida be asked to vacate their rented houses immediately.
chennai: concerned over the reported killing of an indian fisherman and arrest of many by the sri lankan navy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will meet the aggrieved fishermen from tamil nadu, commerce and industry nirmala sitharaman has said.
the fishermen's representatives wanted to meet officials of the external affairs ministry.
but the government has made arrangements for them to meet the external affairs minister herself.
she (swaraj) has come back to parliament after recovering and is ready to meet them, sitharaman told reporters at the ongoing international engineering sourcing show organised by eepc india here yesterday.
she said the centre is taking efforts at every level to resolve the issue, which crops up now and then.
asked about a timeline for such resolution, the minister said that since it involves another country (sri lanka) and its fishermen, all these factors should be taken into consideration.
on the protests on jallikattu, sitharaman said whether it is jallikattu or the fishermen issue, people have taken to such a recourse because there is a gap between the people and their representatives which needs to be bridged.
the purported killing of the fisherman by the sri lankan navy and arrests of several others have prompted india to raise the issue with lankan prime minister ranil wickremesinghe.
bridgo, 22, from thangachimadam in central rameswaram of tamil nadu, was allegedly shot dead earlier this month when he was fishing in a mechanised boat off the katchatheevu islet, triggering protests in the state.
besides, 24 indian fishermen were picked up by the sri lankan naval personnel on sunday for allegedly crossing the international maritime boundary line and fishing in the island nation's territorial waters.
jaipur: a woman who faced life threats and sexual abuses online for her tweets ahead of gymnast dipa karmakar's performance in rio olympics sought the help of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj following which a case was lodged by rajasthan police.
a case against three twitter handles of unknown persons was registered under 66 d (punishment for cheating by personation by using computer resource) and 67 (punishment for publishing or transmitting obscene material in electronic form) of the it act, police said, adding they were trying to trace the accused.
in a series of tweets on august 14, the woman wrote, conflicted about dipa karmakar's olympic vault final.
it is an incredible achievement, of course but gymnasts from richer countries don't have to perform the produnova, called the death vault, to gain points.
they can do easier vaults and execute it better because: better infrastructure, better training, better everything.
tonight, she is going to risk her life to win an olympic medal.
life is not worth any medal, for any damned country.
her tweets drew sharp criticism including threat to life and rape warnings following which she sought help from the external affairs minister.
after her plea, the chief minister's office intervened and a senior police officer met her.
after receiving directions, i met the girl on the night of august 14 and spoke to her about the matter.
she filed a complaint and the fir was lodged on august 15 with pratap nagar police station, dcp east kunwar rastradeep said today.
we are in the process of obtaining some ip addresses and are writing to twitter seeking information about certain the handles.
since their server is located out of the country, it will take some time for us to reach to the users who abused her, the officer said.
we are working on the case considering the gravity of the case.
since the servers are placed outside india, it is a bit of a time consuming process but we will get it done as early as possible, mukesh chaudhary, a cyber crime expert assisting the police, said.
by online deskamazon has courted a controversy yet again by selling doormats with images of indian deities like shiva and ganesha on them.
twitterati were quick to spot the mats and #boycottamazon started trending in no time.
really disgusting first our flags and now our god's nd goddesses.
.
.
.
.
action must be taken against them, tweeted a user.
this is not the first time the global retailer has faced flak for offensive prints on doormats.
in 2017, doormats with indian flags printed on them were spotted on amazon's canada website.
however, the website was forced to stop the sale of those mats after facing a series of protests from india and indian-origin canadians.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had also publicly threatened to rescind visas of amazon employees if the doormats were not removed from its website.
by ptinew delhi: the government today said it was in touch with relevant people and authorities in afghanistan to secure the release of seven indian engineers who were abducted in the restive northern baghlan province of the war-torn country on sunday.
we are in touch with different people who are involved in the exercise through the afghan government, spokesperson in the ministry of external affairs (mea) raveesh kumar said.
he, however, refused to share any specific details citing sensitivity of the case.
i would not like to get into the details of the people and authorities with whom we are in touch with, he said at a media briefing.
the indian engineers were abducted by the taliban militants from near the cheshma-e-sher area in baghlan on sunday.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had a telephonic conversation with her afghan counterpart salahuddin rabbani on sunday evening during which she had sought all possible help of kabul in securing the release of the indians.
national security adviser ajit doval too had a telephonic conversation with his afghan counterpart hanif atmar on the issue.
this is a sensitive matter.
the lives of seven indians are involved and, therefore, i would not like to share much on where we are at this point of time, said the mea spokesperson.
afghan media, quoting baghlan governor abdulhai nemati, reported that taliban militants were behind the abduction of indians and they were moved to the dand-e-shahabuddin area of pul-e-khumri city the indian engineers of kec international, an rpg group company, were working on a project for construction of a power sub-station in the country.
india has been carrying out reconstruction activities in the war-torn country.
it has already provided at least usd 2 billion aid to afghanistan.
new delhi: close on the heels of the indian flag incident, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has now received several complaints of amazon selling flip-flops with mahatma gandhi's image.
some twitter users have tagged swaraj in their tweets complaining that the beach sandals with gandhi's image were being sold on the amazon us site.
the posting on the amazon says, cafepress - gandhi flip flops - flip flops, funny thong sandles, beach sandles with a listed price of usd 16.
99.
earlier this week, after she received a complaint about amazon canada selling doormats depicting indian flag on its site, swaraj reacted sharply and asked the e-retailer to withdraw the products and tender an unconditional apology, failing which no official of amazon will be granted indian visa and the ones issued earlier will also be rescinded.
following the stern message, amazon expressed regret for offending indian sentiments and informed swaraj about the removal of the offensive product from its canadian website.
minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj and us secretary of state john kerry arrive prior to a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
(eps | shekhar yadav)new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday met us secretary of state john kerry here ahead of the india-us strategic and commercial dialogue.
building convergences with the united states.
eam receives @johnkerry for 2nd strategic & commercial dialogue, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
sushma swaraj and kerry will lead their respective sides at the dialogue to review the progress on decisions taken last time and identify new areas of cooperation.
india and the us earlier on tuesday began the economic phase of their strategic and commercial dialogue, with commerce minister nirmala sitharaman asking america inc to join the country's 'make in india' initiative.
sitharaman first met co-chair and us secretary of commerce penny pritzker, following which they presided over the india-us ceo forum, that has tata sons chairman cyrus mistry and honeywell chairman dave cote as the co-hosts.
prime minister narendra modi and us president barack obama had decided in 2015 to elevate the then india-us engagement into a strategic and commercial dialogue, reflecting the significance of the trade and economic ties between the two sides.
new delhi: talking tough in the wake of the attack on army camp in nagrota, india today made it clear that talks with pakistan cannot take place in an atmosphere of continued terror, which it will never accept as new normal in the bilateral relationship.
external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup also said the government is awaiting detailed information on the specifics of the nagrota attack before it decides on the next steps.
but i do wish to emphasise that the government takes this incident very seriously and will do what it feels is required for our national security, he asserted.
asked if there would be bilateral talks on the sidelines of the heart of asia (hoa) conference in amritsar on december 3 and 4, he said, we have not received any request from pakistan for a bilateral meeting.
india has always been open to talks but obviously it cannot be that talks take place in an atmosphere of continued terrorism.
india will never accept continued terrorism as the new normal in the bilateral relationship, swarup said.
india's sharp remarks come two days ahead of the conference where pakistan will be represented by sartaj aziz, foreign affairs advisor to prime minister nawaz sharif.
earlier, pakistani media reports had quoted officials as having said there would not be a bilateral meeting on the sidelines of the hoa meet on afghanistan.
prime minister narendra modi and afghan president ashraf ghani will jointly inaugurate the ministerial deliberations on sunday where the indian delegation will be led by finance minister arun jaitley in the absence of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is ill.
hitting out at pakistan, swarup said pakistan is a country which has a long record of carrying out cross-border terrorism which it regards as an instrument of state policy and which puts islamabad at odds with the rest of the international community.
on the criticism that the attacks increased after the surgical strikes, he said, it was our assessment at that point of time that there was an imminent threat based on hard intelligence about the location of armed terrorists who were ready to infiltrate from across the loc and carry out terrorist activities on our side.
this imminent threat was successfully neutralised through the surgical strikes.
we should not look only at what happened but also at what did not happen, what was prevented through successful neutralisation of terrorists.
on the appointment of pakistan's new army chief, he said it is an internal matter of pakistan.
india will judge pakistan by its behaviour and its track record and not by change of persons, he added.
on pakistan suggesting a joint probe in uri strike, which india maintains was carried out by pakistan-based terrorists, swarup said this has happened in past also and instead of acting on the evidence provided by india, islamabad engages in pure propaganda ploys.
pakistan called for an international inquiry, we said we are happy even with their domestic inquiry.
when we are giving you fingerprints, dna of the terrorists who we believe came from pakistan why pakistan cannot match this with its national database?
that would be the simplest thing to do, but pakistan refuses to do that and instead engages in these pure propaganda ploys, the spokesperson said, adding if islamabad was serious about tracking down those behind the uri attack, it should first bring to book those responsible for 26/11 terror strikes in mumbai.
besides, it should also share with india the investigation details in the pathankot air base attack for which a joint investigation team from pakistan visited the country, he said.
over the years, india has suffered many heinous terrorist attacks which have been supported and sponsored by pakistan and this has been a calculated strategy on its part for many years.
he referred to terror attacks on indian parliament, the kaluchak massacre, 2005 delhi bombings, strike on the crpf camp in rampur in 2008, 26/11 mumbai attack, besides the assaults on pathankot air base and the army camp in uri.
these (attacks) are all reminders of the continuing complicity of pakistan in sponsoring cross-border terrorism of which nagrota is the latest example.
so, it is evident that it is not a matter of a week or a month.
it is infact a challenge that we have faced over many years, indeed over many decades, the mea spokesperson said.
he also rejected pakistan's allegation that india scuttled this year's saarc summit, saying its members wrote unanimously to the chair that atmosphere was not conducive for holding the meet.
new delhi: india and sri lanka took steps towards permanent resolution of the long pending fishermen issues on saturday as they agreed on setting up joint working group on fisheries and to establish a hotline between the coast guards of the countries.
the decisions were taken during the ministerial-level bilateral talks, attended by minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj, minister of agriculture and farmers welfare radha mohan singh.
from the sri lankan side, minister for foreign affairs mangala samaraweera and minister for fisheries and aquatic resources development mahinda amaraweera attended the meet.
minister of state for road transport, highways & shipping pon radhakrishnan and sri lankan member of parliament ma sumanthiran were also part of the two delegations.
the proposed joint working group (jwg) will meet every three months and the ministers for fisheries will sit together every six months.
the first meeting would be held on january 2, in colombo.
terms of reference included expediting the transition towards ending bottom trawling, working out a standard operating procedure for handing over of apprehended fishermen, and looking at the possibilities for cooperation on patrolling, a mea statement said.
the jwg will also discuss the issue of detained fishing vessels.
both governments agreed on setting up a hot-line between the two coast guards.
the ministers noted that the process is underway for the release of fishermen presently in custody on either side.
new delhi: signalling growing proximity between india and the us, new delhi will be taking up the issue of terrorism emanating from pakistan with washington when us secretary of state john kerry visits india for the 2nd indo-us strategic and commercial dialogue.
kerry is on a visit to south asia and will be stopping over at dhaka before landing in new delhi on august 30.
kerry will not be going to islamabad, indicating the de-hyphenation of india and pakistan in the us foreign policy.
kerry will be accompanied by us commerce secretary penny pritzker.
they will hold a meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and commerce and industry ministry nirmala sitharaman.
anything which is of strategic importance for both the countries will obviously figure.
very substantive discussions on all aspects of bilateral relationship, important regional issues and global developments (are on the agenda), ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup said when asked if the current situation in kashmir and the terrorism emanating from pakistan would figure during the talks.
kerrys visit comes at a time when both india and the us are worried about extremists gaining ground in bangladesh.
by ptinew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today intervened and asked the indian embassy in nepal to look into a case involving a few indians who were stranded in the himalayan nation's north-eastern lukla town.
a few indians were stranded in lukla for the last two days after their flights were cancelled due to bad weather.
one of the indians, amit thadhani, sought swaraj's intervention after they were unable to leave the town.
manjeev - please see this.
currently stranded in lukla since 2 days, nepal, with copter company looters refusing to evacuate us to kathmandu unless we pay 600 dollars per head.
we paid 200 dollars per head fare from kathmandu to lukla.
@meaquery can you please help?
thadhani tweeted.
the indian embassy tweeted that they are trying to evacuate the stranded indians.
mission is in touch with them.
flights from lukla are cancelled due to bad weather.
we are trying to get them evacuated by helicopter, the indian embassy in nepal said in a tweet.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tonight offered to help a nonagenarian indian-origin woman, who was reportedly sent back by her son to india from the us, with visa issues.
thanks for bringing this to my notice.
we will help her, was swaraj's response to a report which said 90-year-old kantaben shah has written to prime minister narendra modi to prevent her from being forcibly sent back to the us.
according to reports, shah was sent back to india from the us by her younger son without checking her valid visa.
she has appealed for help as she is in no position to go back to the us and does not have a valid visa to stay in india.
shah is resisting her deportation to the us as she wants to spend her last years in her motherland.
in a separate tweet, swaraj, responded to a man seeking medical help for his daughter.
the external affairs minister last week had offered to help the two-day-old infant, who was born in bhopal, with a heart disease.
by express news servicebhopal: voters in 12 districts of gwalior-chambal, central mp, bundelkhand and malwa regions of madhya pradesh will vote to elect members for eight lok sabha seats on sunday.
three of these districts vidisha, guna and rajgarh are among the eight districts which were identified as backward districts by the niti aayog in 2018.
the irony is that these backwards districts have been sending to the lok sabha high-profile politicians.
two assembly segments of vidisha district form part of the vidisha lok sabha seat, which has been represented twice in the past by sitting bjp mp and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, besides then pm atal bihari vajpayee for a few months in 1991 and later for 15 years by shivraj singh chouhan, before he became cm in 2005.
the adjoining rajgarh lok sabha, which is currently represented by bjps rodmal nagar, however, is seen more as a pocket borough of former cm digvijaya singhs family as singh and his brother laxman singh have represented the seat seven times in the past.
follow our election coverage hereguna seat since 2002 has been represented by congresss jyotiraditya scindia, while father madhavrao scindia and grandmother vijaya raja scindia had represented the seat before him.
sagar, apart from rajgarh and vidisha, were won by the bjp in 2014 by big margins.
however, the partys margin in two of these three lok sabha constituencies vidisha and sagar  shrunk in the assembly polls six months back while in rajgarh, the congress staged a comeback, winning four of the eight assembly segments.
the three constituencies are crucial to three important leaders.
though digvijaya or any of his family members are not contesting from rajgarh, his prestige is at stake as his close associate mona sustani is pitted against bjps nagar, who is facing massive anti-incumbency.
digvijaya recently took time out of his bhopal campaign to seek votes for sustani.
by ptikathmandu: nepal-india relations saw an upward trend in 2018 as high-level bilateral visits gradually helped remove the mistrust, with prime minister narendra modi saying new delhi was ready to be the 'sherpa' in the land-locked himalayan nation's quest to scale the mountain of success.
india was able to recover its lost ground in nepal in recent months after a period of unease in bilateral ties following the violent agitation in 2015 by madhesis, mostly of indian-origin, who blocked indo-nepal border demanding more representation in parliament and redrawing of provincial boundaries.
the economic blockade severely affected nepal, its economy and its ties with india.
india's bilateral engagement with nepal in 2018 began with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in february meeting left alliance leader k p sharma oli days before his swearing in as prime minister.
after nepal witnessed political instability for several years, the left alliance came to power in the historic polls in december, 2017.
known for his pro-china stance, oli became nepal's prime minster for the second time in february.
his first term as the premier from 2015 to 2016 saw straining of ties with new delhi over the 2015 blockade.
oli, who publicly criticised new delhi for allegedly interfering in nepal's internal matters and accused it of toppling his government, however, changed his tone after his sweeping poll victory and said he wants to update relations with india in keeping with the times.
oli said he favours a review of all special provisions of the indo-nepal relations.
he also vowed to deepen nepal's ties with china to explore more options and get more leverage in his dealings with india.
the prime ministers of nepal and india agreed to review, adjust and update the treaty of peace and friendship of 1950 and other bilateral agreements.
china, which has been investing heavily in nepal blunting india's influence in the country, was quick to congratulate the new nepalese government and said that india, china and nepal should step up sound interaction for win-win outcomes.
the highest level of visit between india and nepal came in april when prime minister oli, leading a 53-member jumbo delegation, visited india for a three-day visit which, he said, helped in clearing misunderstanding and mistrust, and strengthening mutual trust between the two neighbours.
during talks between oli and modi, the two countries agreed to conduct feasibility studies regarding construction of raxaul-kathmandu railway line and operating nepalese steamers to transport goods and people from nepal to other countries.
in may, prime minister modi travelled to nepal for a two-day state visit, his third visit to the country in four years.
modi visited the famed 20th century janaki temple in janakpur, dedicated to the hindu goddess sita.
he and his nepalese counterpart jointly inaugurated a direct bus service between janakpur and ayodhya - the two sacred cities for hindus - to promote religious tourism in nepal and india.
describing his trip to nepal as a reflection of his government's commitment to neighbourhood first policy, modi said nepal has entered a new era and india would continue to support it.
he said india supports a united, prosperous and strong nepal as he called for transforming the land-locked himalayan nation into a land- and water-linked country.
oli said nepal is sensitive to india's interests and would not allow its territory to be used against it.
modi said india was ready to be the 'sherpa' -- a member of the himalayan community renowned for mountaineering skills -- to help nepal scale the mountain of success, hailing the himalayan nation's successful journey from bullets to ballots.
oli, briefing nepal's parliament on modi's state visit, said the visit has elevated bilateral ties to new heights.
in august, modi visited nepal for bimstec conference and held talks with oli during which india and nepal exchanged a memorandum of understanding to build a strategic railway line connecting bihar's raxual city to kathmandu.
this was the third meeting between modi and oli in 2018.
china made inroads into nepal as kathmandu started accessing internet through a chinese optical fibre link laid across the himalayan mountains, ending its sole dependency on india for connecting to the cybre space.
nepal and china signed the protocol of transit and transport agreement in september according to which the communist giant agreed to allow nepal to use four of its seaports and three land ports for third-country trade, reducing its dependence on india to conduct international commerce.
the madhesi agitation in 2015 forced nepal to explore trade links with china and reduce its long term dependence on india.
in september, nepal decided not to participate in the first-ever joint military exercise of bimstec nations in pune, amid reports that nepal's political parties had expressed concern over the drill.
in december, nepal banned the use of indian currency notes of rs 2,000, rs 500 and rs 200 denominations, a move that could affect indian tourists visiting the himalayan nation where indian currency is widely used.
notwithstanding differences in india-nepal ties and the growing chinese influence in the himalayan nation, the frequent high-level visits by the leaders of the two countries have helped promote goodwill, trust, understanding and cooperation and have injected fresh momentum to further consolidate age-old and multi-faceted relations.
by ptinew delhi: speaking with one voice, leaders of various political parties on tuesday congratulated the indian air force for its clean pre-dawn operation against a terror camp in pakistan and assured the government of their support on any anti-terror action by it.
the leaders were speaking at an all-party meeting convened by the government, where external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj briefed them about the operation that destroyed jaish-e-mohammed's terror training camp in balakot in khyber pakhtunkhwa province of pakistan.
i am happy that all representatives of political parties in one voice first congratulated the indian air force and also assured the government of their complete support always on any action taken by us against terrorism and displayed unity by rising above politics without distinguishing between the ruling or the opposition sides, the minister said after the meeting.
the minister also told the leaders that she is in touch with the foreign ministers of various countries on the issue and she will be travelling to china soon where she will meet the chinese and russian foreign ministers and discuss the operation.
the congress, which was represented at the meeting by leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, said it will extend its support to the government on any action it takes to eradicate terrorism from the country.
azad said after the meeting that political parties lauded the iaf strikes to destroy terror camps in a neat and clean operation as there were no civilian casualties.
he also said the leaders appreciated the efforts of the forces and they always have their support to end terrorism.
we will support our security forces in their endeavour to finish terrorism coming into india from outside.
the good thing was that it was a very clean operation which specifically targeted terrorists and terror camps and there were no civilian deaths, he said.
he said that leaders congratulated the force and said that all should remain united on any anti-terror operation.
after swaraj briefed them, the leaders sounded a word of caution to the government to not lower the guard and watch out for pakistan's action.
the government should remain alert and watch out for what pakistan is going to do, raja said.
sources said the leaders of parties also said no jingoistic passions should be aroused after this operation.
they also called for government action to win back the confidence of the people of kashmir by engaging with them.
they urged people to exercise restraint and said that there should be no attacks on kashmiri students, a source said.
the meeting was also attended by cpi(m)'s sitaram yechury, tmc's derek o'brien, omar abdullah of national conference and bhartruhari mahtab from bjd, besides ncp's praful patel and bsp's satish mishra.
bjp allies naresh gujral of akali dal and ramdas athawale of rpi-a also attended the meeting, among others.
in a swift and precise air strike, india bombed and destroyed jaish-e-mohammed's biggest training camp in pakistan early tuesday, killing over 350 terrorists, trainers and senior commanders, less than two weeks after the terror outfit carried out the suicide attack in pulwama in which 40 crpf personnel lost their lives.
giving details of the intelligence-led operation at a news conference here, foreign secretary vijay gokhale said credible intelligence was received that the jem was planning to carry out other suicide attacks in india.
new delhi: members in the rajya sabha, cutting across party lines, today extended a warm welcome to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj when she came to the house after a long absence due to health reasons.
as soon as she was spotted stepping into her front row seat during the zero hour, members began thumping their desks and it continued for some time as she acknowledged with folded hands.
greeting 65-year-old swaraj, deputy chairman p j kurien wished her a long and healthy life.
we are all happy to see a healthy and smiling sushmaswaraj ji, he said, as the minister accepted the wishes.
during the question hour, the minister also replied to queries to members.
swaraj underwent a kidney transplant on december 10 at the aiims.
she had participated in the proceedings of the lok sabha yesterday.
by iansnew delhi: india and italy reviewed their bilateral relationship and agreed to identify new areas of cooperation during external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's two-day visit to italy, the external affairs ministry said on monday.
according to a statement issued by the ministry, sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday called on italian prime minister giuseppe conte, who assumed office on june 1 and reiterated india's desire to strengthen bilateral relations with italy.
she also conveyed the need for india and italy to continue to work together and coordinate positions in multilateral forums.
both sides agreed to mutually identify new areas of cooperation to boost trade and investment linkages, the statement said.
after calling on prime minister conte, sushmaswaraj swaraj held a bilateral meeting with italian minister of foreign affairs and international cooperation enzo moavero milanesi during the course of which the two sides reviewed various aspects of the bilateral relationship and exchanged views on international and regional issues of common interest.
to augment collaboration in areas of mutual benefit, the ministers agreed to hold the next meeting of the joint commission for economic cooperation (jcec) in india later this year, according to the statement.
sushma swaraj reached rome on sunday on the first leg of her week-long four-nation tour of europe that will also see her visiting france, luxembourg and belgium.
new delhi: a rickshaw puller allegedly attacked and robbed a 19-year-old german national in north delhis kotwali area on friday.
victim identified as benjamin scolt was stabbed multiple times who was later taken to the hospital by the police.
a case has been registered under three ipc sections.
reacting on the incident, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday sought a report from officials concerned over an attack on a german national in the city.
the minister has also asked the delhi government to provide him the best medical treatment.
i have asked for a report on the attack on german national in delhi.
according to the police, a case has been registered and cops are raiding local area to nab the accused.
we have questioned few rickshaw pullers operate from that area.
soon, accused will be arrested.
victim is out of danger, a senior police official said.
new delhi: refuting allegations that the government did not take adequate steps regarding the attack on nigerian nationals in greater noida, union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday said that all such attacks cant be termed racial.
the minister made the statement in lok sabha on wednesday on recent attacks on african national in the country.
she also took strong objection to african heads of missions remark that indias response was inadequate on the attacks on africans.
sushma swaraj reiterated that all attacks on africans in india or on indians in the united states cannot be called xenophobic and racial in nature.
racial crimes are pre-planned, which was not the case with the recent attack on the african students by a mob in greater noida, she said asserting that the government is committed to their safety.
its not right to connect with racism before probe ends.
i said this in the context of attacks in the us too, said sushmaswaraj swaraj in lok sabha.
we are committed to ensuring the security of all foreigners in india.
the minister also informed that the african group head of the missions, who had issued a strongly-worded statement, was called by her ministry on wednesday and conveyed the government's response.
she said that her deputy in the ministry v k singh spoke to him about the prompt response she took as well as the uttar pradesh chief minister and told him that the african missions could have sought a meeting with the prime minister if they were still not satisfied.
sushma swarajs response came days after the attack on four nigerian students in greater noida, some 40 km from the indian capital, following protests over the death of a class 12 student of a residential colony there due to a drug overdose.
some people who were holding a candle-light vigil for the student attacked the nigerians suspecting them of drug-running.
in her statement in the lok sabha, sushmaswaraj swaraj also gave details of the incident saying a youth in greater noida had died and his parents had blamed drug overdose for this.
locals took out a candle march, during which an uncontrolled mob of criminals who had infiltrated the crowd attacked the african students, she said.
the external affair minister also mentioned the name of her deputy in the ministry, m j akbar saying he kept in touch with african missions and told them that the pm was personally monitoring the situation.
by ptikuwait city: the indian embassy wednesday announced that it will organise a meeting on november 2 for indian engineers who have been affected by changes in the kuwait government's policies, amid reports that thousands of indian engineers may face deportation due to the new labour policies.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj wednesday called on kuwait's top leadership, including amir sheikh sabah al-ahmad al-jaber al-sabah, and raised the indian community's concerns.
the indian community in kuwait is apprehensive of the changes in kuwaiti government's new labour policies.
also read | external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj receives warm welcome in kuwaitthe minister, who arrived on tuesday in kuwait from doha where she met emir of qatar sheikh tamim bin hamad al-thani, discussed a range of issues to strengthen the bilateral ties.
she also discussed ways to move forward on the roadmap set by the top leaders of the two countries.
eam sushmaswaraj swaraj called on the amir of kuwait sheikh sabah al-ahmad al-jaber al-sabah.
hailed the role of kuwait in the region.
noted the positive developments in bilateral ties and raised issues of concern to the indian community, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
eam sushmaswaraj swaraj called on prime minister of kuwait sheikh jabar al mubarak al hamad al sabah.
discussed issues of bilateral concern and explored avenues for enhancing and further strengthening economic and investment cooperation, kumar said in another tweet.
the meetings with amir and the prime minister followed swaraj's interaction with the indian community in kuwait.
the indian community contributes significantly to the economic and scientific development of kuwait.
earlier, swaraj had offered a floral tribute at the statue of mahatma gandhi in kuwait.
kuwait joins the world in celebrating bapu at 150 this year, kumar wrote in a tweet along with a picture of the statue.
india shares close and friendly bilateral relations with kuwait.
as per the latest statistics, over 8 lakh indian nationals legally reside in kuwait.
kuwait has been a reliable supplier of crude oil to india.
during 2017-18, kuwait was the ninth largest oil supplier to india and it meets about 4.
6 per cent of india's energy needs.
total bilateral trade with kuwait during 2016-17 was usd 5.
9 billion and for 2017-18 was usd 8.
53 billion.
by express news servicenew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj held constructive talks with her iranian counterpart javad zarif on tuesday and conveyed to him that india will take a decision on import of iranian oil after the lok sabha polls.
the two foreign ministers met 12 days after the us ended a six-month-long exemption from sanctions for india and seven other countries to buy oil from iran.
the united states and iran are locked in an escalating stand-off over tehrans nuclear programme.
in a tweet, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar described talks between swaraj and zarif as constructive.
also read | tnie podcasts | jaish chief masood azhar named global terrorist but at what cost?
eam @sushmaswaraj and iranian foreign minister @jzarif held constructive discussions on all bilateral issues of mutual interest.
good exchange of views on the evolving regional situation, including afghanistan, he said.
official sources said swaraj reiterated the position that a decision will be taken after the elections based on indias commercial considerations, energy security and economic interests.
zarif recalled the steps announced by president hassan rouhani on may 8 including decisions linked to the export of enriched uranium and heavy water, the sources said.
the iranian foreign minister also said that a 60-day timeline had been given to eu-3 and other parties to the nuclear deal iran signed with world powers, for restoring irans oil and banking channels.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today extended help to rescue an indian nationalreportedly stuck at a border near war zone yemen.
we will do our best to rescue him, swaraj tweeted, responding to media reports that an indian national named vijay, who hails from andhra pradesh, has been stuck at saudiarabia-yemen border due to bombing in the area.
vijay who is at al tiwala, some 60 km away from jizan in saudi arabia, has reportedly made an appeal to be rescued, saying he is living in dangerous conditions.
vijay was sent to saudi arabia by an agent from palakollu in west godavari to work in a hospital.
by ptiwashington: deeply concerned over the growing confrontation between india and pakistan, the us wednesday urged the nuclear-armed neighbours to take immediate steps to de-escalate tensions, warning that the potential risks associated with further military action by either side are unacceptably high for both the countries.
tensions between india and pakistan rose following the february 14 terror attack in jammu and kashmir's pulwama district in which 40 crpf soldiers were killed.
pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammed (jem) terror group claimed responsibility for the attack.
the united states is deeply concerned about rising tensions between india and pakistan and calls on both sides to take immediate steps to de-escalate the situation, said an official of the national security council (nsc) of the white house.
the potential risks associated with further military action by either side are unacceptably high for both countries, their neighbours, and the international community, the nsc official told pti on the condition of anonymity.
the official was responding to a question on pakistan's claim that it shot down two indian fighter jets over pakistani air space and arrested a pilot.
following the pulwama terror attack, india bombed and destroyed jem's biggest training camp in balakot in pakistan's restive khyber pakhtunkhwa province, about 80-km from the line of control (loc) early tuesday, killing a very large number of terrorists, trainers and senior commanders.
on wednesday, pakistan claimed it shot down two indian fighter jets over pakistani air space and arrested a pilot.
pakistan prime minister imran khan tried to defuse the tension by saying war is futile and can lead to unknown consequences while making an oblique reference to the nuclear weapons that both countries possess.
united states officials expressed their strong solidarity with india following the pulwama attack, the official said.
the official declined to comment on direct communication between the national security advisors of the two countries.
we decline to comment on specific discussions; however, reports that india coordinated its military response with the united states are inaccurate, the official said.
a day earlier, secretary of state mike pompeo spoke over the phone with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and pakistan foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi seeking a de-escalation of tensions.
following indian counter-terrorism actions on february 26, i spoke with indian minister of external affairs swaraj to emphasise our close security partnership and shared goal of maintaining peace and security in the region, pompeo said in a statement.
pompeo is currently in vietnam to attend the second summit between president donald trump and north korean leader kim jong-un on the denuclearisation of the korean peninsula.
i also spoke to pakistani foreign minister qureshi to underscore the priority of de-escalating current tensions by avoiding military action, and the urgency of pakistan taking meaningful action against terrorist groups operating on its soil, pompeo said.
i expressed to both ministers that we encourage india and pakistan to exercise restraint and avoid escalation at any cost.
i also encouraged both ministers to prioritise direct communication and avoid further military activity, he said.
last week, us national security adviser john bolton told his indian counterpart ajit doval that america supports india's right to self-defence as both sides vowed to work together to ensure that pakistan ceases to be a safe heaven for jem and other terror groups.
by iansnew delhi: prime minister narendra modi on saturday said that the biggest problem for india in its relations with pakistan is to find who is running the country and should be engaged for talks.
in an interview to india tv's chairman and editor-in-chief rajat sharma in front of nearly 2,500 people at jawaharlal nehru stadium here, he said that he had made friendly gestures to both prime ministers nawaz sharif and imran khan but these were not reciprocated.
describing his sudden visit to pakistan in 2015 while returning from afghanistan, he said sharif called him over to lahore to meet him.
modi said that his visit was intended to send a message that india does not bear any ill-will towards pakistan.
i discussed with sushmaji (external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj), she said 'you decide'.
i talked to nsa, spg.
everybody was worried, since the officials had no visas nor were there any security arrangements in place, neither did anybody knew about the layout (of the place).
we will have to land straight.
i said 'come on, let's go, we'll see.
follow our full election coverage herehe describes sharif as a genuine person.
they were being fed lies about india.
the message went to them that india desires the well-being of the people of pakistan.
we returned, and within a week, pathankot (attack) happened, pm modi said, referring to the attack at the iaf airbase in the punjab border town.
modi said that when imran khan became pm, they talked over phone.
i told him that both the countries have fought several wars, and every time pakistan was defeated.
both of us as prime ministers should work towards eradication of poverty in the next five years, he said.
however, then came incidents like pulwama.
the biggest problem with pakistan is that nobody knows who is running the country and whom we should talk to, he said, adding that his experience with pakistan was not isolated but leaders from the us, china, russia, the gulf and arab countries share the same views.
modi said he was told by several world leaders that he would not come to know whom to talk in pakistan.
whom will you talk to.
.
.
with the army, with the isi?
or, with an elected body?
the leaders told me, 'we ourselves don't know who runs that country'.
let pakistan resolve its problems first, he added.
new delhi: prime minister narendra modi today said ekta (unity) and mamata (love) are the basic mantras for addressing the kashmir problem even as he slammed those pushing children to create unrest, saying they will have to give answers to those innocent kids some day.
he emphasised that if any life is lost in kashmir, whether of any youth or any securityman, that loss is ours, of our own country.
speaking on the unrest in the valley in his monthly radio programme 'mann ki baat', modi said, from the interactions i had with all parties on kashmir, one thing emerged from those, which can be put in simple words as 'ekta' and 'mamata'.
these two things were the basic mantra.
he said all the political parties had spoken in one voice on kashmir, sending out a message to the world as well as separatist forces besides conveying our sentiments to the people of kashmir.
he equated it to the passage of landmark gst bill by parliament for which all the parties came together.
it is the view of all of us, the view of 125 crore people from a pradhan of a village to the prime minister, that if any life is lost in kashmir, whether of any youth or any securityman, that loss is ours, our own country, modi said.
at the same time, he slammed those people who push small children to try to create unrest in kashmir, saying some day, they will have to give answers to these innocent children.
the prime minister's remarks came a day after jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti met him and presented a three-pronged action plan that includes dialogue with all stakeholders.
this country is very big, full of diversities.
to keep it united, it is the responsibility of all of us, as individual citizens, as a society and as a government, to strengthen the unity as much as we can, highlight it as much as we can.
only then can the nation achieve its bright future.
i have confidence in the power of 125 crore people of the country, modi said.
during the 35-minute programme, the prime minister also referred to the recent olympic games and hailed the girl power as he referred to medal winners -- shuttler p v sindhu and wrestler sakshi.
he also hailed gymnast dipa karmakar, who missed a medal by a narrow margin.
he said indian participants in other events like hockey, shooting and boxing also performed well.
but my countrymen, we need to do a lot more.
but if we continue doing what we have been doing, then perhaps we will again be disappointed, he said while mentioning about thousands of messages to him from people who wanted him to speak on the subject of sports in view of poor performance in rio olympics as they were badly disappointed.
in this context, he referred to his recent announcement to form a task force under which the government will go deep into the subject, study the best practices in the world and prepare a roadmap for the next three olympic games in 2020, 2024 and 2028.
we have to formulate a long-term programme, he said.
the prime minister asked state governments also to form such committees to see what could be done to improve performances in sports.
he said states can also send their suggestions to the centre in this regard.
he said associations linked to sports should also do brain-storming in an unbiased manner.
modi invited even individual citizens, with interest in sports, to write to him or the government.
we should do all preparations and i am confident that the country of 125 crore people, 65 per cent of them youth, will move ahead with this resolve, he said.
in this 23rd edition of 'mann ki baat', the prime minister also spoke about the upcoming event to grant sainthood to mother teresa on september 4 which will be attended by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
he also talked about teacher-student relationship in the context of upcoming teacher's day on september 5, efforts to clean river ganga, swacch bharat abhiyan, eco-friendly ganesh 'visarjan' and the recent launch of akashvani maitri under which content will be shared in bengali by west bengal and bangladesh.
modi also made a mention of an 84-year-old retired woman teacher, who had written to him, mentioning about her giving up lpg subsidy and donating rs 50,000 for women who still use firewood.
he talked about floods in various parts of the country and said efforts are being made by local authorities as well as the central government to provide help to the victims.
speaking about the power of unity, modi said, in august 2016, parties having intense political rivalry, parties which do not let go any chance to attack the other, all came together to pass the gst bill.
there are 90 parties in all, he said.
in the context of teacher's day, he showered praise on p gopichand, a renowned badminton player and coach of p v sindhu, saying he is a shining example of a good teacher who gets deeply involved in his pupil's performance.
he said he would not be able to participate in teacher's day events this year as he would be travelling for g-20 summit in china.
ian grillot.
kansas man who took bullets while trying to save indian engineer srinivas kuchibhotla and his friend, alok madasanihouston: india has told ian grillot, the kansas man who took bullets while trying to save indian engineer srinivas kuchibhotla and his friend, alok madasani, that the people of india stand with him and wished him speedy recovery.
the indian consul-general in houston, anupam ray, met grillot, 24, and conveyed the message on behalf of indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
ray met grillot and his family in the university of kansas hospital and handed over the message from sushmaswaraj swaraj.
ray wished grillot speedy recovery on behalf of the minister and the people of india.
he also said that sushmaswaraj swaraj has 7.
3 million followers, who all conveyed their best wishes.
we will stand with you, whatever you need, ray said.
ray also thanked the hospital.
earlier, the hindu american foundation joined kansas governor sam brownback, the lieutenant governor of kansas jeff colyer and the indian consul general to discuss the february 22 shooting of kuchibhotla, 32, who died, and his friend, alok madasani, who was wounded, in an apparent hate crime.
brownback said: the hateful actions of one man don't define the us.
.
.
kansas welcomes and supports the indian community.
kuchibhotla and madasani, who were working as engineers for gps-maker garmin in olathe, were shot at austins bar & grill in olathe, kansas, by adam purinton, 51.
a bullet hit grillot in the hand and entered his chest when he tried to stop purinton, who has been charged with murder and attempted murder.
on february 27, sushmaswaraj swaraj had tweeted gratitude to grillot.
india salutes the heroism of ian grillot !
best wishes for a speedy recovery.
us president donald trump has condemned the killing of kuchibhotla, while house of representatives speaker paul ryan has offered the condolences of the house for the senseless murder of kuchibhotla.
indian foreign secretary s. jaishankar, who is visiting the us, met ryan and other senior trump administration officials.
ryan, in a statement after meeting jaishankar, said: in our meeting, i expressed the house's condolences on the death of srinivas kuchibhotla, who was senselessly murdered last week in kansas.
our people must continue to stand together, and i look forward to working with foreign secretary jaishankar in the years ahead.
jaishankar also met with us national security advisor lt.
gen.
h.r. mcmaster.
on tuesday, us president trump began his first address to the congress at the capitol hill by condemning kuchibhotla's death, saying the country stands united in condemning hate and evil.
by ptinew delhi: prime minister narendra modi on wednesday took potshots at rahul gandhi, saying the congress president's claim of an earthquake if he speaks on rafale jet deal fell flat.
modi, in his final speech in lok sabha ahead of general elections, pitched for a majority government, saying the country's image had enhanced globally due to the electoral mandate enjoyed by the current dispensation.
taking a swipe at gandhi, who was not present in the house at that time, modi referred to the congress president's remarks on rafale, and the hug and winking episodes, saying it was a new thing he witnessed as a first time member of parliament.
also read: cag finds nda deal for 36 rafale jets 2.
86 per cent cheaper than upa'sthe prime minister praised speaker sumitra mahajan's leadership and said eight of 17 sessions of this lok sabha had over 100 per cent productivity.
the overall productivity was recorded at over 85 per cent.
he said india suffered globally for long due to fractured mandates.
read: cag report on rafale does not mention dissenting note, not worth paper its written on: rahul gandhipm modi in lok sabha: we will be proud of this 16th lok sabha, as it saw the highest number of women members elected to the house.
44 first time women mps were time elected to the lok sabha.
pic.
twitter.com/xirpt0dny1  ani (@ani) february 13, 2019but now it is taken seriously in the global arena because of the majority government, he said.
read: mulayam yadav wishes to see narendra modi as pm againthe pm maintained that neither he nor external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj are responsible for india's enhanced image globally.
he said the credit goes to the majority the government enjoys in lok sabha.
read: pm modi's bluster gone with rafale, congress winning ideological fight over bjp: rahulthe credit, he said, goes to the people of the country.
referring to the achievements of his government, he said, india has become the 6th largest economy and is fast moving towards being a usd 5 trillion economy.
the 16th lok sabha passed 203 bills out of 219 introduced, including one on curbing black money.
by uninew delhi: the bjp on sunday night released its first list with 131 candidates for 200-seat rajasthan assembly elections to be held on december 7.
the central election committee of the party met under the presidentship of mr amit shah.
the meeting was attended by prime minister narendra modi, home minister rajnath singh, finance minister arun jaitley external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and all other members of bjp cec.
addressing a press conference here, union minister j p nadda announced the names.
he said the cec has tried to give representation to all classes.
the first list includes 12 women, 17 scheduled caste and 19 scheduled tribe candidates.
the list has 21-22 sitting mlas and 25 new faces, he stated.
new delhi: the country's premier medical institute, the all india institute of medical sciences here, got a new director today with the appointment of dr randeep guleria.
dr guleria, who joined aiims as an assistant professor in 1992 and has been the hod of the department of pulmonary medicine and sleep disorders since april, 2011, has taken charge of his office.
the appointments committee of the cabinet has approved the appointment of randeep guleria, professor and head, department of pulmonary medicine and sleep disorders, at aiims, new delhi to the post of director, aiims, a dopt order said.
he has been appointed for five years from the date of assumption of charge or till attaining the age of 65 until further orders, it said.
i will strive to take aiims to newer heights and will work collectively, taking everybody along, dr guleria said.
his predecessor dr m c mishra retired from the post of aiims director in january after serving for over three years.
dr guleria has worked as a personal physician to former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee and has also treated union ministers like sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley.
guleria is the first indian to get a doctorate of medicine (dm) in pulmonary and critical care medicine.
the department of pulmonary medicine and sleep disorders was created under his leadership in 2011 and was ranked as the best department in pulmonary medicine in 2014, 2015 and 2016 by the nielsen survey published in week, aiims said in a statement.
guleria received 'padma shri' award in 2015 and 'dr bc roy award' in the category eminent medical person in 2014.
this time, the appointment of the aiims director was mired in controversy with the prime minister's office (pmo) seeking a clarification from the health ministry on the process followed in shortlisting of names for the top job.
the pmo had asked for the explanation after several senior faculty members of the medical institute approached it with a complaint that seniority has been bypassed in choosing the names for the director's post.
out of 53 applicants, the institute body, which is aiims' top decision-making body headed by union health minister j p nadda, had recommended hod of paediatrics department dr v k paul, hod of pulmonary medicine and sleep disorder dr randeep guleria and professor of cardiology dr balram bhargava for the top job.
by ptibeijing: china's foreign minister wang yi will be the new special representative for india-china boundary talks.
wang's appointment was confirmed today when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who held bilateral talks with her chinese counterpart congratulated him for being elevated as the state councillor and appointed as the special representative for the india-china boundary talks.
wang, 64, succeeds his senior colleague yang jiechi who has now become a politburo member of the communist party of china's (cpc).
wang was elevated as state councillor last month which makes him the top diplomat of the country in the chinese hierarchy.
he will be the first chinese official in recent years who will hold the dual posts of state councillor and foreign minister.
state councillor is designated as the special representative of the india-china boundary talks.
national security advisor ajit doval is india's special representative.
special representatives oversee all aspects of india-china relations besides the boundary issues and periodically review progress of bilateral ties.
the two countries have so far held 20 rounds of talks to resolve the boundary dispute and worked out different mechanisms to keep peace along the 3,488-km long line of actual control (lac).
doval and yang met in shanghai on april 13 during which they reported to have finalised the contours of the informal summit between prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping to be held in china's wuhan city on april 27-28.
a suave and seasoned carrier diplomat wang has emerged as china's most influential chinese diplomat with strong backing of president xi.
xi himself has become the most powerful leader after parliament last month removed the two-term limit for president paving the way for his continuation in power for life.
since he took over power in 2012, xi has been giving top priority to diplomacy as china seeks to spread its influence globally after its emerges as world's second largest economy.
in his opening remarks during the meeting with swaraj, wang said the bilateral ties have witnessed good development and shown a positive momentum this year under the guidance of the leaders of the two nations.
swaraj and wang discussed a host of bilateral issues and ways to step up the pace of high-level interactions to improve the relationship.
she arrived here yesterday on a four-day visit to take part in the foreign ministers' meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) from tomorrow.
by ptiislamabad: pakistan prime minister imran khan on wednesday chaired a meeting of the high-powered national security committee and discussed the geo-strategic environment and the recent developments in the region, a day before the outcome of the general elections in india is known.
the meeting was attended by senior federal ministers, the three services chiefs, including pakistan army chief general qamar javed bajwa, media reports said.
the forum discussed geo-strategic environment with special reference to recent developments in the region, the express tribune quoted an official statement as saying.
also read| pakistan, russia vow to prevent outer space from becoming arena for military confrontationthe meeting reiterated that pakistan will continue all its efforts towards regional peace and stability.
it discussed and fully supported ongoing efforts towards a sustainable and lasting resolution of pakistan's economic woes.
on the internal security, the committee reviewed the progress of the national action plan (nap) against terrorism and extremism, sources told newspaper.
the participants discussed recent measures to further tighten noose around the proscribed organisation, they added.
the current situation in afghanistan particularly the ongoing effort seeking a political solution was also on the agenda.
other issues include the current state of pakistan-india ties and rising tensions in the persian gulf region were also part of the discussions, the report said.
on wednesday, pakistan foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi said that islamabad has delivered a message of peace by opening the kartarpur corridor for sikh pilgrims from india.
addressing the shanghai cooperation organisation council of foreign ministers' meeting in bishkek, the kyrgyz capital, also attended by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, qureshi said, enduring peace and prosperity in south asia will remain elusive without good-faith diplomacy and result-oriented dialogue, he said in his address.
pakistan has given the message of peace by opening the kartarpur corridor for the sikh community, qureshi said.
the pakistani foreign minister has said that islamabad is ready to restart talks with the new government in india after the election outcome is known on may 23.
india has told pakistan that talks and terrorism cannot go hand-in-hand.
kozhikode: in an announcement which will cheer the global community, prime minister narendra modi on sunday announced that india would ratify cop21 paris agreement on climate change, which binds each country to cut down on carbon emissions.
the announcement also came just a day before external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is to address the united nation general assembly where she is all set to make a forceful argument to isolate countries sponsoring and exporting terrorism.
i want to make an announcement when we begin to celebrate the birth centenary od deen dayal upadhyay who believed in harmony of people with nature.
india will ratify the cop21 paris agreement on october 2 when the country celebrates the birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi, said mr modi in his address to the national council of the bjp.
modi noted that the world and coastal areas in particular are concerned for ways to ensure the global temperature doesn't rise by another two per cent.
 even the coastal kerala could be affected by the consequences of the rise in global temperature, added mr modi.
incidentally, 155 countries need to ratify the paris agreement for its targets to be enforced.
so far 60 countries which account for 48 per cent carbon emissions have ratified the paris agreement.
india accounts for roughly 4.
5 per cent share in the global green house gas emissions.
the paris agreement calls upon both rich and poor countries to take action to curb the rise in global temperatures.
swaraj's meeting with wang came a day after india destroyed a major jaish-e-muhammed (jem) terror training camp in pakistan.
china, a close ally of pakistan has repeatedly foiled india's attempts to brand jem chief masood azhar as a global terrorist by the un.
the jem, founded by azhar, has already been in the un's list of banned terror outfits.
in 2009, india had moved a proposal by itself to designate azhar.
this was followed in 2016 when india moved the proposal with the p3 - the united states, the united kingdom and france in the un's 1267 sanctions committee to ban azhar, also the mastermind of the attack on the airbase in pathankot in january 2016.
in 2017, the p3 nations moved a similar proposal again.
however, on all occasions, china blocked india's proposal on azhar.
i am visiting china at a time when there is grief and anger in india.
it is the worst terrorist attack directed against our security forces in jammu and kashmir, she said in her opening remarks during the meeting held on the sidelines of russia, india, china foreign ministers' meeting.
the attack was carried out by jaish-e-muhammed, the pakistan-based and supported terrorist organisation, she said.
forty central reserve police force (crpf) personnel were killed in a suicide attack in jammu and kashmir's pulwama district on february 14, sparking outrage in the country and international condemnation.
following the incident, india bombed and destroyed jem's biggest training camp in balakot in pakistan's restive khyber pakhtunkhwa province, about 80-km from the line of control (loc) early tuesday, killing a very large number of terrorists, trainers and senior commanders.
after the pulwama attack the entire un has spoken with full voice to condemn it, she said.
this is our first meeting this year.
therefore, an opportune time for us to take stock of our bilateral relations and look ahead for cooperation.
the india-china relationship is an important relationship for both of our countries, she said.
it is important for both sides to make sure the through and effective implementation of the guidance given by the two leaders, she told wang, adding that both side made efforts and we should sustain this.
particularly the decision taken by our leaders to maintain strategic communication between them provided an important foundation for the development of our bilateral relations.
this channel of strategic communication between the two of us and between senior officials should always remain open, she said.
wang said last year's wuhan meeting between modi and xi led the bilateral ties into a new stage.
led by the leaders, all aspects of our bilateral relationship are going well.
both nations and the international community are more optimistic of our bilateral relations.
in 2019 we are going keep working on the consensus of the two leaders, he said.
meanwhile, china on wednesday again called on india and pakistan to exercise restraint amid the escalation of hostilities between the two countries and urged them to engage in dialogue to uphold the peace and stability in the region.
chinese foreign ministry spokesman lu kang's remarks came after pakistan targeted military installations in india in response to indian counter-terrorism strikes in balakot.
i understand that in the latest development pakistan says it had shot down two indian aircraft and captured indian pilots, lu told the media in beijing.
he said the international community is following the developments closely.
earlier, external affairs minister swaraj kicked off her key meeting with her chinese counterpart wang in a lighter vein, accusing him of cheating her by changing the venue of the ric meeting to a more beautiful location here.
wang and other chinese officials broke into laughter hearing her remarks.
thank you for the change of location and it is a very beautiful city, she said and expressed a desire to go round the place before her departure.
we have already launched an institutional mechanism, where you must have seen that 25 passports of such nri husbands have been revoked.
we are also bringing a bill in this session where some more measures are being taken against those husbands, she told reporters here.
swaraj, who was in hyderabad in connection with the bharatiya janata party's campaign for the december seven telangana assembly elections was replying to a query about non-resident indian (nri) husbands abandoning their wives.
on november 13, the supreme court has also sought response from the centre on a plea seeking mandatory arrest of nris deserting their wives and harassing them for dowry.
a bench comprising chief justice ranjan gogoi and justices s k kaul and k m joseph issued notices to the centre on the plea seeking that the deserted women be accorded legal, financial help and their estranged nri husbands be arrested after the filing of firs.a group of women, who have allegedly been deserted by their nri husbands and subjected to dowry harassment, have moved the apex court seeking reliefs including mandatory arrest of their estranged spouses and consular help in fighting cases in foreign land.
by ptivaranasi: underlining that countries such as the us, japan, and china are aging rapidly, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj monday said india is getting younger and this demographic perspective offers it an unprecedented edge that will help in building a new young india by 2022.
india has the largest diaspora in the world, at almost 31 million, which is spread throughout the globe.
however, what marks all of you is the shared common identity of indianness and a shared common origin india, land of your forefathers, swaraj said at the youth pbd.
also read | pm modi to inaugurate pravasi bharatiya diwas convention in varanasi on tuesdaythe youth pbd marked the start of the 15th pravasi bhartiya diwas and was attended by swaraj, minister of state for sports and youth affairs rajyavardhan singh rathore, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath and minister of state for external affairs v k singh, among others.
the 15th pbd will be officially inaugurated by prime minister narendra modi in the presence of chief guest of the event mauritian prime minister pravind jugnauth here tuesday.
while the indian diaspora started migrating centuries ago, it is the migration of the educated, highly-skilled and dynamic young indians that has brought laurels to india, she said, noting that many of the multi-national corporations are headed by young indian-origin ceos such as sundar pichai of google and satya nadella of microsoft.
swaraj highlighted that by 2020, the average age in india will be 29, making it the world's youngest country with 64 per cent of the population in the working age group.
while countries like the us, western europe, japan and even china are ageing rapidly, india is getting younger and younger.
by 2022, these aging countries will become super-aged with over one-third of their population over 65 years of age, while india will have the world's largest working population.
this demographic prospective offers india an unprecedented edge, which could further contribute to building a new young india by 2022.
it is projected that india will be the source of skilled manpower to the world by 2022, she said.
the government's skill india initiative is aimed at making the county the skill capital of the world by 2022.
our aim is to not just export 'man-power' to the world, but to export 'skills'.
exporting 'skilled' manpower will not only garner a better image for india on the global space, but also will lead to better salaries and better remittances, thus raising india's gdp further, the minister said.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath said he has made a lot of efforts to change in the investment scenario in the state.
he also invited all nris to invest in the land of their forefathers.
our diaspora has always championed indian culture in faraway lands and contributed tremendously to india's success story, rathore said on the occasion.
chief guests for the youth pravasi bharatiya divas were member of parliament from new zealand kanwal jeet singh bakshi and mp from norway himanshu gulati.
later, the first plenary session on 'engagement with younger members of indian diaspora', co-chaired by rathore and singh, was held.
uttar pradesh pravasi bharatiya diwas was also held where renowned nris with family roots in the state took part.
the theme for this year pravasi bharatiya divas is 'role of indian diaspora in building new india'.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today met the family of indian prisoner hamid nehal ansari, who was attacked at least thrice by inmates in a peshawar jail, and assured them of all possible help.
swaraj last week had directed the indian high commissioner in pakistan to seek consular access to ansari.
external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said india has again strongly taken up with pakistani authorities security of ansari in the wake of reports that he was attacked inside the jail.
on august 5, we have again strongly taken up the matter of security of hamid ansari while he is in the custody of pakistani authorities.
this was done specifically in the light of reports that he was attacked again in prison in which he is lodged.
we have reminded the government of pakistan of its responsibility to ensure his security, swarup said adding we have also conveyed that according to our understanding since his sentence of three years is already over he should be released and repatriated to india at the earliest.
swaraj met the family of ansari and assured that government will keep pursuing his case with pakistan.
ansari, a mumbai resident, was arrested in 2012 for illegally entering pakistan from afghanistan reportedly to meet a girl he had befriended online.
he had suffered injuries after he was attacked by inmates in the peshawar central prison recently.
31-year-old ansari was sentenced to three years imprisonment by a military court for possessing a fake pakistani identity card.
ansari's lawyer lawyer qazi mohammad anwar told peshawar high court bench on thursday that his client was attacked at least thrice by jail inmates in recent months.
anwar also told the court that ansari had been kept in a death cell with a hardened criminal awaiting execution for a murder.
ansari was attacked and injured three times over the last couple of months and shifted to the hospital for treatment, the counsel said.
he said even the head warden would subject him to brutality and slap him on a daily basis without any reason.
ansari had gone missing after he was taken into custody by intelligence agencies and local police in kohat in 2012 and finally in reply to a habeas corpus petition filed by his mother, fauzia ansari, the high court was informed on january 13 that he was in custody of the pakistan army and was being tried by a military court.
will former ipl commissioner and businessman lalit modi be the next target?
after vijay mallya was arrested in london by scotland yard, will the bjp government show the same alacrity in extending the long arm of the law to lalit modi?
lalit modi, after the 2010 season of ipl, was suspended by the board of control for cricket in india (bcci) for alleged misappropriation of funds.
modi, like vijay mallya later did, fled to london as soon as he got a whiff of an enforcement directorate investigation into his dealinigs.
on tuesday, after the arrest of vijay mallya, bjp leader subramanian swamy commented on a tv channel that lalit modi could be next, as the indian government extends its efforts to bring back fugitives who have defrauded the country.
lalit modi, who was rajasthan cricket association president, was close to the bjp chief minister of rajasthan, vasundhara raje.
she was accused by the then ruling upa government at the centre of helping him flee the country.
lalit modi is alleged to have bribed vasundhara raje and her son dushyant singh with rs 3.
8 crore by way of an unsecured loan to a shell company.
lalit modi has lived in london ever since he fled.
his passport was revoked, as in the case of mallya, but a high court order restored it in 2014.
this was soon after the narendra modi government came to power.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs daughter bansuri swaraj was one of the nine lawyers who argued his case.
prior to the bjp coming to power in 2014, keith vaz, a british mp of indian origin, had been lobbying uk immigration officials on behalf of lalit modi.
during an inquiry after vaz was reported to the uks parliamentary standards commissioner, the mp mentioned a recommendation by sushmaswaraj swaraj, who was at the time an opposition leader.
as for the most recent development in lalit modis case, just 20 days ago, on march 28, 2017, interpol denied reports of the indian government having requested that a red corner notice be put out for lalit modi.
on twitter and instagram, modi himself posted an interpol document dated march 24, 2017, which said: lalit kumar modi.
.
.
is not subject to an interpol red notice or diffusion and not known in the interpol's database.
interpol, however, clarified that in the past the individual (lalit modi) was subject of data record in interpol's database, yet the data was later cancelled.
modi then commented, the sword that was hanging over my head is suddenly gone.
is it back now?
meanwhile, the metropolitan court at westminster, where vijay mallya was produced soon after his arrest, granted him bail.
the crescendo that his arrest drama had reached fell just within a couple of hours.
india has condemned the attack in london in which three people were killed and more than 20 injured.
london's metropolitan police said a man mowed down pedestrians on a bridge and stabbed a police officer with a knife outside the british parliament before being shot dead.
i am in constant touch with indian high commission in london.
there is no indian casualty reported so far.
#londonattack @hci_london (sic), she wrote on twitter.
indian high commission is there to help all indian nationals in london.
please note the telephone nos: 020 8629 5950 & 020 7632 3035 (sic), swaraj wrote.
the minister advised people to avoid going to parliament square.
all are advised strongly to avoid parliament square and check met police website for further details on the attack.
stay safe!
(sic), she tweeted.
india strongly condemns westminster terrorist incident & condoles loss of life.
no place in democracies & civilised societies for terrorism (sic), spokesperson, ministry of external affairs, gopal baglay tweeted.
by ptinew delhi: describing modi government as 'kisan hiteshi' (pro-farmers), the bjp on friday resolved at its national convention that farmers are the top-most priority of the ruling dispensation.
months ahead of lok sabha polls, the convention, the biggest ever gathering attended by over 12,000 party members, also passed a resolution on development in rural areas, citing a host of developmental measures taken by modi government for transforming lives in villages.
it came at the time when the opposition has accused the government of betraying farmers and various farm organisations have protested in different parts of the country.
farm distress has been cited by congress chief rahul gandhi as a key issue for the upcoming parliamentary polls.
union home minister rajnath singh proposed the resolution on agriculture which was seconded by maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis and bjp farmer wing head virendra singh.
read | 2019 lok sabha polls battle of ideologies: amit shah at bjp council meetwhile the resolution on poverty alleviation was proposed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, which was seconded by bihar bjp chief nityanand rai and party's vice-president dushyant gautam.
swaraj at length described the initiatives taken by the modi government in last four-and-half-years such as jan dhan yojana under which bank accounts were opened and how these measures brought positive change in the lives of the people.
the convention with the presence of over 12000 party members is the biggest party get-together, a bjp leader said.
it is expected to rejuvenate the party cadres ahead of the lok sabha elections.
the agriculture resolution lauded the government for successfully dealing with issues of farmers' income.
the government will not just be able to reach the goal of doubling of farmers' income but would also be looking forward from there.
the vision of the bjp is an independent, able, strong and prosperous farmer as annadata (food giver), who will take country's economy to great heights, the resolution said.
the resolution described modi government as 'kisan hiteshi' and farmers its top most priority.
all speakers described modi government as the well-wisher of farmer.
farmers are likely to get 50 per cent more benefit on their produce whereas on crops like urad and bajra the profit will be 96 per cent, singh informed.
the resolution at length compared the overall condition of agriculture sector and the support price given to farmers under the upa rule and the nda regime.
singh said that the total budget allocation in the sector has almost doubled compared to the funds allocated during the upa regime.
later, addressing the press conference over the resolution, party's national general secretary bhupendra yadav said in case of natural disasters, the agriculture sector has got rs 32,000 crores from national disaster relief fund which is 2.
5 times higher than previous government and the allocations made to states is 82 per cent more than previous government's allotment.
in 2013-14, the upa government spent rs 2151 crores on crop insurance which has now increased to 13,000 crores which is six times higher under modi government, the resolution said.
earlier, they (farmers) were getting claims for minimum 50 per cent damage to their crops, whereas now, even if there is 33 per cent damage to crops, they are being benefitted,  yadav added while briefing on the resolution.
taking dig at the congress, yadav asked why are farmers in karnataka getting notices.
listing the government's achievements, yadav said the food grain production has increased to 11.
4 per cent in 2017-18.
in horticulture, the production has shown 17.
55 per cent rise.
the resolution said a total of 17.
53 crores soil health cards have been distributed, helping farmers to decide on right fertilizers.
the party also lauded the government for taking some strong measures which include import duty on wheat increased to 20 per cent and on tur dal to 10 per cent.
budget on agriculture education saw an increase of 55 per cent in 2018-2019 compared to 2013-2014, added yadav.
new delhi: india today ruled out any meeting between prime minister narendra modi and his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif when the two will be in kazakhstan this week, and asserted that pakistan cannot take kashmir issue to the international court of justice (icj).
taking a tough stance on ties with pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said talks and terror cannot go together while articulating strategy of india which was based on three pillars in dealing with that country.
she also emphasised that india was engaged with other countries on the issue of cross-border terrorism.
she was asked if modi and sharif will meet on the sidelines of shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit at astana, kazakhstan on june 8-9.
asked about reported remarks of a pakistani law officer that islamabad will take the kashmir issue to icj after india approached the global court in kulbhushan jadhav case, the minister said, pakistan cannot take kashmir issue to icj.
the shimla agreement and lahore declaration are very clear on kashmir issue that it can only be resolved bilaterally.
the two countries are bound by these bilateral agreements.
she also referred to some cases pending at other courts such as hyderabad nizam funds case in the uk court and issues pertaining to indus waters treaty before the world bank.
rejecting suggestions that the government had a flip- flop policy in handling pakistan, she said india is very clear that it wants to hold dialogue, resolve all issues bilaterally without mediation from any third country, organisation or anyone else.
but at the same time terror and talks cannot go together.
the minister also emphasised that the government was asking other countries not to see cross-border issue or terrorism emanating from pakistan from the prism of india but see if the international terrorism was in anyway linked with that country.
finally, where was osama bin laden found?
in pakistan, she said, adding it was time to finalise the comprehensive convention on international terrorism at the un and define terrorism.
on pakistan's contention that it will raise jurisdiction on the merit of the jadhav case, she said india has a very strong argument and it will win the case.
she also made it clear that india's case was based on pakistan's violation of vienna convention under which consular access was not only essential but compulsory.
india has made 16 requests to pakistan to grant access to jadhav, who was sentenced to death by a pakistani military court on charges of involvement in espionage and sabotage activities against the country.
pakistan claims its security forces arrested him from its restive balochistan province on march 3 last year after he reportedly entered from iran.
however, india maintains that he was kidnapped from iran where he had business interests after retiring from the navy and approached icj to save his life.
by online deskthe sudden demise of former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the age of 67 on tuesday night left the nation in mourning.
a less-remembered fact about the late stalwart is that she served as the chief minister of delhi for a brief period from october to december 1998.
also read: remembering sushmaswaraj swaraj: a people's politicianshe was admitted to the all india institute of medical sciences in new delhi on tuesday after suffering a cardiac arrest.
doctors tried to revive her before she passed away at 10:50 pm.
the unexpected death of swaraj, one of the most prominent women in indian politics, comes close on the heels of the passing of sheila dikshit, another strong woman leader.
three-time delhi chief minister and veteran congress leader dikshit passed away on july 20, 2019, also due to a cardiac arrest.
also read: rip sheila dikshit, the maker of modern delhiswaraj had tweeted her condolences after dikshit's death, writing that though they were opponents in politics, they were friends outside it.
known for their exemplary political achievements and aura in indian politics, swaraj and dikshit have been the only women chief ministers of delhi so far.
new delhi: the tiff between the judiciary and the government for preparing the memorandum of procedure (mop) for the appointment of judges to the supreme court and high court is likely to end soon as the final draft will be ready in two weeks time.
the draft of mop is ready and will be submitted in next two weeks.
we have sorted out our four-five differences on mop with the government.
however, few issues remain pending, chief justice of india t s thakur said at the sidelines of a function.
the delay in finalising the draft has resulted in increasing vacancies up to 485 in 24 high courts in the country and three at the apex court.
last month, the collegium headed by the cji had rejected the mop stating that the governments move to have the final word on the issue would undermine judicial independence and thereby hit the basic feature of the constitution.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj too has met cji to iron out the differences between the judiciary and executive over the mop.
the main objectionable point is a provision in the governments draft mop is under which the executive could reject the recommendations of the sc collegium citing national security considerations.
though centre has assured the cji that extreme precaution will be taken to ensure that no unwanted persons will be appointed as a judge, under the guise of this clause, however, collegium, felt that the other safeguards were sufficient to deal with this perceived threat.
the clause on right to reject a recommendation on national interest is contrary to the current practice where government is bound to accept a recommendation by the collegium.
by iansnew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will visit kyrghyztan on tuesday where she will represent india at the two-day meeting of the council of foreign ministers (cfm) of the shanghai cooperation organization (sco)here.
in a statement released here on monday, the external affairs ministry said this will be the second cfm meeting that india will be attending as a full member of the sco.
sushma swaraj had attended the last cfm meeting in beijing in april 2018.
india actively took part in various sco dialogue mechanisms under the chairmanship of the kyrgyz republic over the past year.
the next sco summit will be held in bishkek in june, the statement said.
sushma swaraj will also issue a joint call of sco foreign ministers on kyrgyz president sooronbay jeenbekov.
the cfm meeting iwill review the preparations for the forthcoming sco summit in bishkek on june 13-14 and also exchange views on topical issues of international and regional importance.
ballari: if the buzz is anything to go by, the legal battle between former minister gali karunakar reddy and lok sabha member b sriramulu has resulted in a tussle in the reddy clan.
sources say there are escalating differences between karunakar reddy and his younger brothers janardhan reddy and somashekara reddy.
it is also said that former mining baron janardhan and former mla somashekar distanced themselves from karunakar.
sriramulu, who is a close associate of janardhan and somashekara, has been dragged to court by karunakar over a land dispute in a residential colony.
the colony is named after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj whom the reddy brothers had called mother.
a man, claiming to be a supporter of sriramulu, has filed an atrocity case against karunakar.
while some observers described it as a retaliation, sriramulu dismissed this saying the complainant is not his supporter.
however, the exact reason behind the differences between the reddy brothers is still unclear.
in the 2013 assembly elections, sriramulu, who had founded the bsr congress, fielded his party candidate in harapanahalli constituency against karunakar, who was the bjp candidate.
karunakar was defeated in the election and this is believed to have triggered the differences between them.
karunakar has been in the bjp for a long time and has never disassociated from the party.
however, he is not seen in the party programmes in ballari recently although somashekara takes part in them with sriramulu.
interestingly, karunakar was also absent at the wedding of janardhan reddys daughter in bengaluru in november last year.
the wedding card did not contain the name of karunakar while names of other close relatives were mentioned.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and us secretary of state john kerry will lead their respective sides at the 2nd india-us strategic and commercial dialogue here later on wednesday to review the progress on decisions taken last time and identify new areas of cooperation.
commerce minister nirmala sitharaman and her us counterpart penny pritzker will be the co-chairs.
the duo will also preside over the india-us ceo forum, that has tata sons chairman cyrus mistry and honeywell chairman dave cote as the co-chairs.
calling the dialogue the most comprehensive mechanism for engagement between the two countries, india's external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said the co-chairs will be also have an interaction with a high-level, inter-agency delegation from both sides.
prime minister narendra modi and us president barack obama had decided in 2015 to elevate the then india-us engagement into a strategic and commercial dialogue, reflecting the significance of the trade and economic ties between the two sides.
islamabad: pakistan foreign office spokesman nafees zakaria on monday said that indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had disowned the united nations security council resolution by calling kashmir an integral part of india in her speech at the un general assembly.
can indian eam explain that if kashmir is an 'integral part of india, why is it on the agenda of security council', he said on twitter.
strange that indian eam is disowning the unsc resolution and that too at the un, zakaria said in another tweet.
my firm advice to pakistan is: abandon this dream.
let me state unequivocally that jammu and kashmir is an integral part of india and will always remain so.
her remarks were in response to pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif's speech at the unga last week where he raised the kashmir issue and alleged human rights violations by india in the state.
by ptinew delhi: former delhi chief minister madan lal khurana's mortal remains were consigned to the flames sunday evening, with several top politicians paying homage to the veteran bjp leader.
the delhi government, as mark of respect, has declared a two-day state-mourning following his death.
khurana (82) is survived by his wife, a son and two daughters.
one of his sons had died last month.
a bharatiya janata party (bjp) veteran, khurana was the chief minister of delhi from 1993 to 1996 and was appointed the governor of rajasthan in 2004.
his son, harish khurana, said his father breathed his last at his kirti nagar residence around 11 pm saturday.
vice president m venkaiah naidu, union finance minister arun jaitley, home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal paid tributes to khurana.
union ministers ravi shankar prasad, harsh vardhan, kalraj mishra and vijay goel, and delhi bjp chief manoj tiwari also paid their respects to former chief minister.
later, the last journey of khurana was carried out from the delhi bjp office to nigambodh ghat where last rites were performed in the evening.
early in the day, president ram nath kovind, vice president m venkaiah naidu and prime minister narendra modi were among those who expressed grief on the demise of khurana.
sad to hear of the passing of shri madan lal khurana.
as chief minister of delhi, governor of rajasthan and union minister, he contributed immensely to public life and particularly to the well-being of the national capital and its people (sic), kovind said in a tweet.
vice president naidu also condoled the death of khurana.
deeply saddened by demise of former chief minister of delhi, shri madan lal khurana.
he will be remembered for his immense contribution for growth & development of delhi.
my heartfelt condolences to his bereaved family members and pray for his soul rest in peace.
#madanlalkhurana, he tweeted.
modi said khurana worked tirelessly for the progress of delhi.
anguished by the passing away of shri madan lal khurana ji.
he worked tirelessly for the progress of delhi, particularly towards ensuring better infrastructure.
he distinguished himself as a hardworking and people-friendly administrator, both in the delhi government and centre, the prime minister tweeted.
in another tweet, he said, shri madan lal khurana ji will always be remembered for the manner in which he strengthened the bjp in delhi.
he made unwavering efforts towards serving the post-partition refugees in delhi.
my thoughts and solidarity with his family and supporters.
learnt of the unfortunate demise of former delhi chief minister and bjp leader madan lal khurana.
he will be remembered as an ideal swayamsevak and a dedicated vidyarthi parishad worker and a strong pillar of the jan sangh and the bjp, bjp chief amit shah tweeted in hindi.
lt governor anil baijal and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal also expressed grief on khurana's death.
in a tweet, union minister dharmendra pradhan said, deeply pained to hear about the demise of former chief minister of delhi and veteran leader madan lal khurana ji.
my condolences to the bereaved family and prayers for the departed soul.
defence minister nirmala sitharaman too condoled the demise of the former delhi chief minister.
condolences on the passing away of shri.
madanlal khurana, former cm of delhi.
may god give strength to his family, @harishkhuranna and all party workers to bear with this loss, she tweeted.
in a series of tweets, she said, post office passport sewa kendras will be made functional in various places like kota, jaisalmer, bikaner, jhunjhunun and jhalawar in rajasthan.
it is our effort that post office passport sewa kendras announced in the first phase should start functioning before 31.
3.
2017.
in rajasthan we will have post office passport sewa kendras in kota, jaisalmer, bikaner, jhunjhunun and jhalawar, she tweeted.
the minister also tweeted that the list of newly opened passport sewa kendras is on mea website.
we are opening passport sewa kendras in rourkela, sambalpur and koraput in this phase itself.
aurangabad aur beed dono jilon mein passport sewa kendra abhi khole ja rahe hain (psks are being opened in aurangabad aur beed districts as well), she tweeted.
when asked on agra, she said, i cannot answer about agra because of code of conduct during elections.
ottawa: soon after india threatened of not granting indian visa to any amazon official if the company did not withdraw an indian flag-themed doormat from its canadian platform, the e-commerce website removed the article from the online marketplace.
a spokesman for amazon based at its headquarters in seattle contacted the washington post to say that the doormat was no longer for sale on its website.
amazon must tender unconditional apology.
they must withdraw all products insulting our national flag immediately, the external affairs minister said in a tweet.
if this is not done forthwith, we will not grant indian visa to any amazon official.
we will also rescind the visas issued earlier, she said.
doormats featuring the indian flag were made available on amazon canada site by two vendors -- mayers flag doormats and xlyl.
an image of the products was tweeted to the minister, after which she asked the indian high commission in canada to raise the issue with amazon.
indian high commission in canada: this is unacceptable.
please take this up with amazon at the highest level, the minister tweeted.
i have received a report from our commissioner in malaysia.
he is following this with malaysian authorities/ police, she said in a tweet.
swaraj's tweet came after an indian national had sought her help through twitter claiming that his father was abducted in malaysia for ransom.
yogendra singh had claimed on january 17 that his father has been kidnapped by someone the previous day and he was being asked for money.
our high commissioner in malaysia is in touch with the police.
he will keep you informed.
the identity of the kidnapped indian national could not be ascertained.
by ptibishkek: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with kyrgyzstan foreign minister chingiz aidarbekov sushmaswaraj swaraj held a productive discussion with her kyrgyz counterpart chingiz aidarbekov ahead of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) meeting during which several pressing issues including the threat of terrorism are expected to be discussed.
in her first engagement in bishkek, swaraj had a productive discussion with aidarbekov on all aspects of bilateral relations, including in political and defence, trade and investment, health, capacity building and people-to-people ties, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
swaraj, who arrived here in the kyrgyz capital on tuesday to attend a two-day meeting of the sco council of foreign ministers, was given a traditional welcome on her arrival here.
the external affairs ministry in new delhi said monday that the council of foreign ministers (cfm) will exchange views on topical issues of international and regional importance, besides reviewing the preparation for the sco summit in bishkek from june 13-14.
kyrgyzstan: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj meets kyrgyzstan foreign minister chingiz aidarbekov.
swaraj is in bishkek to attend the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) foreign ministers meet.
pic.
twitter.com/khyoihc6wx ani (@ani) may 21, 2019india became a full member of the china-dominated grouping in 2017 and new delhi's entry has increased the bloc's heft in regional geo-politics, besides giving it a pan-asian hue.
india is also keen on deepening its security-related cooperation with the sco and its regional anti-terrorism structure (rats), which specifically deals with issues relating to security and defence.
swaraj's programme in bishkek will include a joint call of sco foreign ministers on kyrgyz president sooranbay jeenbekov.
pakistan foreign minister shah mehmood qureshi will also attend the meeting.
last month, defence minister nirmala sitharaman attended the sco defence ministers' conclave in bishkek.
india was an observer at the sco since 2005 and has generally participated in the ministerial-level meetings of the grouping which focus mainly on security and economic cooperation in the eurasian region.
along with india, pakistan was also granted the sco membership in 2017.
the sco was founded at a summit in shanghai in 2001 by the presidents of russia, china, kyrgyz republic, kazakhstan, tajikistan and uzbekistan.
in this file photo, prime minister narendra modi and pakistan prime ministers nawaz sharif during the ufa meet.
|ptinew delhi: while prime minister nawaz sharif arrived in new york to raise pakistan's kashmir agenda at the 71st united nations general assembly, india is getting prepped to raise the deadly uri attack in the same platform.
according to sources, india will raise the matter in the un general assembly and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will strongly emphasize on pakistans involvement in her speech on 26th.
on pakistan's front, foreign secretary aizaz ahmad chaudhry told reporters that the prime minister nawaz sharif would go through a tight schedule including addressing the 193-member assembly on september 21 and meeting at least ten world leaders among other activities.
he said the pakistan prime minister would specifically focus on the current situation in jammu and kashmir particularly the continuing grave violations of human rights taking place there.
the foreign secretary said the prime minister would call on the international community and the united nations to live up to their promise of the right to self-determination of the people of jammu and kashmir in accordance with the relevant un security council resolutions.
sources also state that no decision has been taken as yet on the prime ministers participation at the saarc summit meet in islamabad.
following the terror strike on the army base in uri where 17 crpf jawans were killed, india lashed out at pakistan holding it responsible for the attack.
branding pakistan a terrorist state and stating that it should be identified and isolated as such, home minister rajnath singh yesterday said there are definite and conclusive indications that the perpetrators of uri attack were highly trained, heavily armed and specially equipped.
i am deeply disappointed with pakistans continued and direct support to terrorism and terrorist groups, he said in a series of tweets.
meanwhile, condemning the terror attack as well, prime minister narendra modi assured the nation that those behind the despicable attack will not go unpunished.
hinting at the jaish-e-mohammads role behind the uri attack, indias director general military operations (dgmo) lt.
gen.
ranbir singh also asserted that the evil designs would get a befitting reply.
however, pakistan has flatly refused new delhi's claims of islamabad's involvement in uri terror attack, stating that said that pointing fingers on them has become a traditional tendency of india after each terrorist attack.
pointing fingers at pakistan has become a traditional tendency of india after each terrorist attack, the dawn quoted pakistan foreign office spokesperson nafees zakaria as saying.
in the past many indians were involved in the terrorist acts for which india had blamed pakistan, he asserted.
at least 17 soldiers lost their lives and 19 others injured post the terror strike on an army camp close to the headquarters of the 12th brigade at uri in baramulla district.
all four terrorists have been killed in what has emerged as worse than the attack on the pathankot air base earlier in january this year, in which seven army men were killed.
new delhi: denying reports that rome has asked india to let the two marines, accused of killing two indian fishermen in 2012, to stay back in italy to boost bilateral ties, ministry of external affairs (mea) spokesperson vikas swarup on wednesday clarified that no assurances between two countries took place and added that the marines would remain under the jurisdiction of supreme court of india.
massimiliano latorre and salvatore girone, who were on duty as security guards on-board italian-flagged commercial oil tanker mv enrica lexie, were arrested by the indian authorities on february 2012 after they shot dead the fishermen off the coast of kerala.
during meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her italian counterpart paolo gentiloni held on september 4 in rome, italy reportedly, urged india to allow the two marines to stay back home.
the italian side conveyed that the presence of the two marines in italy was conducive to restarting high level exchanges in all fields, the hindu quoted a diplomat.
following the report, a twitter user posed a question to swarup, saying is it true that italy has asked marines to remain in italy to boost bilateral ties?
ref.
today's report in @the_hindu (sic).
in his reply he said, no such assurance was sought or given.
marines remain under jurisdiction of supreme court of india.
matter is under arbitration.
lattore is presently in italy on medical grounds after he suffered heart stroke in 2014 and girone, on the other hand, was also allowed to return on humanitarian grounds in may this year.
the case is presently pending in the permanent court of arbitration in the hague to adjudicate on whether india or italy has the jurisdiction to extradite the accused marines after italy approached on december 11, 2015 asking the tribunal to prescribe that, india shall take such measures as are necessary to relax the bail conditions on sergeant girone in order to enable him to return to italy under the responsibility of the italian authorities, pending the final determination of the tribunal.
the tribunal on april 29, this year, ruled that italy and india shall cooperate, including in proceedings before the supreme court of india, to achieve a relaxation of girones bail conditions to give effect to the concept of considerations of humanity, so that girone, while remaining under the authority of the supreme court of india, may return to italy during the ongoing arbitration.
however differences emerged between two countries following the verdict as india claimed that the verdict upholds the supreme courts authority, while italy believes that it vindicates their stand that india has no jurisdiction.
new delhi: with sri lanka staring at one of the worst droughts in the last four decades, india has provided an emergency assistance of water and rice to the island country.
the government has already handed over eight water bowsers to the sri lankan authorities and the consignment of rice would be delivered soon.
in response to a request from the government of sri lanka for drought relief assistance, government of india has announced the decision to provide 8 water bowsers and 100 metric tonnes of rice to sri lanka.
the lorry-mounted water bowsers were given to the government of sri lanka on march 21.
india has always been among the first to respond to requests from the neighbouring countries in times of crisis.
the current gifting of the water bowsers and rice is part of that policy, swaraj added.
sri lanka is suffering from the worst drought in 40 years with over a million people facing acute water shortages.
the island country has experienced prolonged dry season with some districts having 60-70 percent less rainfall.
the local wells and reservoirs are running dry.
the harvest of rice is going to be hit due to water shortage and the prospect of rice shortage later this year is looming large.
the sri lankan government has also taken slew of measures to contain the fallout of the rice shortage.
it has already waived off taxes on rice imports and is expected to increase rice imports to meet the demand at home.
water shortage has also compounded problems for the energy sector of the country that depends on hydro-power.
bhubaneswar: chief minister naveen patnaik on thursday requested ambassadors to encourage companies and investors from their respective countries to explore odisha as an investment destination and assured that the state is committed to ensure investors delight.
addressing ambassadors, high commissioners and senior members of diplomatic corps at the ambassadors meet organised by ministry of external affairs at new delhi for the make in odisha conclave here from november 30 to december 2, the cm said odisha has strived hard to create vital social, economic and industrial infrastructure.
stating that odisha is fast emerging as a manufacturing hub on the east coast of india, the cm said integration of business approvals with ebiz platform, gis-based land information system and go-iplus have been undertaken to provide hassle-free business environment.
naveen said the world bank in its business reforms report, 2015 has recognised odisha as an aspiring leader.
owing to a favourable business climate, odisha secured investment commitment of about 11 billion dollars during make in india week held in february, 2016 in mumbai and 13 billion dollars at the investors meet held in bangalore in august, 2016.
the state has formulated odisha industrial development plan-vision 2025 to sustain the high growth trajectory which envisages additional investment of over 35 billion dollars and creation of employment opportunities of three million, he said.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, industries minister debi prasad mishra, chairman of odisha skill development authority subroto bagchi, senior central and state government officials also addressed the meeting.
representatives from 25 countries and the european union attended the meet.
the cm invited ambassadors, high commissioners and other senior members of the diplomatic corps along with their business delegations to participate in the make in odisha conclave.
official sources said there was encouraging response from the participating members, many of whom expressed their keen desire to attend the make in odisha conclave.
hyderabad: family members of a hyderabad woman alleged that she has been suffering harassment and domestic violence at the hands of her employers in saudi arabia.
zabeena begum had set off for abha city in saudi arabia in december, 2015 and had been working as a domestic help at the house of a doctor couple there.
the womans brother claimed that zabeena has been held captive.
zabeena begum | express photomy sister has been working at the house of ajjos and wala for over a year.
despite making her work for extra hours under inhumane conditions, they have paid her only two months salary so far, which is 2,400 saudi riyals.
they ill treat and verbally abuse her frequently and dont even allow her to step outside the house.
not just this, they also make her work at their relatives house.
with the mental torture and exploitation she has been through for so long, her health has badly deteriorated.
she is unfit to work and impatient to return home.
she has been constantly crying but her employers have held her as a captive in their house, the victims brother hamid khan told express.
hamid appealed to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to rescue zabeena through society for integrated progress and human empowerment (sipahe).
once when zabeena had escaped from slavery and approached riyadh police, instead of helping her the police officials took her back to her employers, hamid alleged.
in the comfortable anonymity of twitter, its easy to write a clever put-down against anyone with a disagreeable point of view.
trolls the world over have used this facility to wish unspeakable fates upon hapless victims but to see public representatives and noted personalities join in and supply cues to them is unfortunate.
in participating in the twitter storm over delhi university student gurmehar kaurs facebook campaign against the abvp, union minister of state for home kiren rijiju, mysuru mp pratap simha, virender sehwag and randeep hooda have forgotten that their views count a lot and must therefore be weighed for their consequences.
twitter serves to make people in responsible positions more accessible, and sushmaswaraj swaraj and suresh prabhu have shown us what good they can do with it.
however, for rijiju, twitter is no place to engage in a debate with a private citizen on what constitutes nationalism and patriotism.
pratap simhas referencing of dawood ibrahim in showing kaur her place was even more deplorable.
what these noted personalities failed to recognise is that their comments have the potential to encourage twitter vermin to crawl out from under their rocks and menace individuals who may be making only a limited point, in this case kaurs stance against the abvp in her college.
in doing so, she did not use her status as the daughter of a kargil martyr, nor did she condone pakistans deeds and misdeeds on indian territory.
her view that her father was a victim of war, not pakistan, cannot be held up as an indication of her anti-national tendencies.
the present regime wishes nationalism to be the foundation of india, but it ought to be confident enough that the ideology will stand up to the searching scrutiny of our young.
to not allow our youngsters to questionand thereby understandthe foundation of our nationhood is to do a disservice to our future generations.
ramananda sengupta bynew delhi: pakistans foreign minister shah mehmood qureshi on saturday tweeted that he had formally invited his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj, punjab chief minister amarinder singh and cricketer-turned-politician navjot singh sidhu to the groundbreaking ceremony of the kartarpur sahib corridor in pakistan on november 28.
pakistan prime minister imran khan is expected to inaugurate the event.
in a late night response, swaraj responded that while she would be unable to attend since she was campaigning in telangana that day, but that being mindful of the sentiments of our sikh citizens and the importance of facilitating their smooth and easy access to holy gurudwara kartarpur sahib, we will be sending smt harsimrat kaur badal minister for food processing industries and shri hardeep singh puri, minister of state (ic) for housing & urban affairs, as government of indias representatives for the event planned for 28 november 2018.
earlier, describing the invitation as a neat trick by the pakistanis, an official had remarked that: if sushmaswaraj refuses, the pakistanis can tell the world how india is constantly rejecting its offers for peace and friendship.
if she accepts, it will be seen as india finally relenting to pakistani pressure for talks.
mehmood qureshis tweet had evoked divided responses in pakistan too.
abandoned by their employer in leaking ships, at least 41 indian sailors found support from the external affairs minister, who stepped in to help them following a sos.
they have essential supplies of for next two weeks.
we are helping in the settlement of their dues and release of the crew, she tweeted.
we have contacted the captains of the two vessels, ship owners, port authorities and the government /1 pic.
twitter.com/qfuzzkiaxo  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) january 9, 2017she further said in her tweet that the government has asked the mission to ensure that indian sailors do not suffer for want of essential supplies.
i have asked the mission to ensure that indian sailors do not suffer for want of essential supplies.
/3  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) january 9, 2017the sailors who are stuck there are from delhi, maharashtra, odisha, uttar pradesh, bihar, uttarkhand, punjab, harayana, tamil nadu, andhra pradesh, jammu, karnataka and kerala.
the tweets pleading for rescue had earlier been sent to prime minister narendra modi, sushmaswaraj swaraj and v. k. singh.
new delhi : right after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj defended india at the united nations general assembly on monday in a strong rebuttal of pakistan prime minister nawaz sharifs speech at the same forum, the congress did a balancing act  it backed sushmaswaraj but criticised the government for not calling a special session of parliament to declare pakistan a terrorist state.
whenever an indian representative speaks on foreign soil, its not the time for politics.
the whole country stands with sushmaswaraj swaraj.
hers was a valiant effort, senior congress spokesperson abhishek manu singhvi said, but with the caveat that the lack of any concrete action on part of the government days after the uri attack made her job of defending the country a tough one.
the congress claimed that had prime minister narendra modi initiated some tangible steps, like withdrawing most favoured nation status or he imposed economic sanctions on pakistan, the ministers job would have been easier.
she could have cited the rightful domestic anger after the uri terror attack to seek similar follow-up action against pakistan from the world body, sighvi added.
the most favoured nation status was granted to pakistan during the congress-led upas tenure, a favour which wasnt returned to india by the western neighbour, which reneged on its promise.
the congress also blamed the government for not scaling down the high commissions in islamabad and new delhi in retaliation against the uri strike that left 18 indian soldiers dead.
instead of calling a special session of parliament to declare pakistan a terrorist state, the prime minister has chosen to speak at a political gathering in kerala, singhvi added.
from mayawatis bsp to the otherwise-pacifist left parties, the opposition has been demanding retaliatory measures against pakistan.
by ptinew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj held wide-ranging talks with romanian foreign minister teodor melescanu to strengthen ties between the two countries during his four-day visit to india.
during the discussions, swaraj highlighted the constructive cooperation between the two countries on international and bilateral issues, the ministry of external affairs said in a statement.
swaraj expressed india's commitment towards strengthening of existing bilateral ties and broadening its scope, it said.
melescanu also reaffirmed romania's support for a permanent seat for india in a reformed unsc.
the two sides reiterated the need for a comprehensive reform of the united nations, including its security council, the statement said.
romania will take over the presidency of the european council in january 2019.
the romanian foreign minister also met the deputy national security advisor during his visit from november 23-27.
the two ministers underlined the importance of strengthening bilateral trade and investment ties between the two countries.
the bilateral trade turnover currently stands at usd 810 million.
during the visit, romania will formally open its honorary consulate in chennai, the statement said.
by express news serviceexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has assured that she and her team are giving top priority to the 130 indian students arrested in the united states for enrolling themselves in fake universities.
in what the authorities called a pay-to-stay scheme, foreign students knowingly enrolled in the fake school to falsely maintain their student visa status and remain in the us, according to prosecutors.
the students were arrested in an undercover operation by the department of homeland security (dhs) designed to expose immigration fraud.
the operation was conducted in the university in detroit's farmington hills, according to federal prosecutors who announced charges in the case.
the arrests took place across the us, in new jersey, atlanta, houston, michigan, california, louisiana, north carolina and st louis.
the students had immigrated legally to the us on student visas and had transferred to the university of farmington so they could work, said attorneys.
ravi mannam, an immigration attorney in atlanta, said the fake university hooked these students by promising them credits for their previous master's programmes.
he said what the university of farmington was offering - allowing students to work while enrolled - is not unusual.
so the students may have thought it was an authorised university and work programme through a type of f-1 visa known as cpt (curricular practical training).
michael sofo, an attorney in atlanta with mannan and associates, said based on what he has heard about the students, it's not been the case that they were knowingly participating in an illegal operation.
prime minister narendra modi shakes hands with china's foreign minister wang yi during a meeting in new delhi on saturday.
new delhi: chinese foreign minister wang yi on saturday met prime minister narendra modi and also discussed issues of mutual importance with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj here.
a morning for neighbourly engagement, external affairs ministry spokesman vikas swarup tweeted after wang called on modi.
he later met sushmaswaraj swaraj, after which the indian and chinese sides went into delegation-level talks.
wang on friday met goa chief minister laxmikant parsekar and reviewed the logistics and security arrangements for chinese president xi jinping's visit to the state in october for the brics summit.
wang was among the first foreign ministers to be welcomed in india after the modi government took office in may 2014.
new delhi: fethullah gulen terrorist organisation (feto), blamed for last month's failed coup to topple president tayyip erdogan in turkey, has infiltrated india, according to turkish foreign minister mevlut cavusoglu.
asserting that feto is secretive transnational criminal network with presence around the world, cavusoglu said, unfortunately, feto has also infiltrated india through associations and schools.
in an interview to pti after holding talks with his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj, the turkish foreign minister also said, i have already taken up this issue with my counterpart.
the visiting minister said, in all countries where feto has a presence, we ask them to take immediate actions to remove them from their territories.
asked for a response to the minister's comments, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said the indian side is sensitive to turkish concerns and indian security agencies were looking into ankara's demand for closure of associations connected with feto which were carrying out illegal activities.
asserting that terrorism, in all its forms and manifestations constitute a threat to india and turkey, cavusoglu said, therefore, exchange of information regarding these threats and bilateral and multilateral cooperation and solidarity against terrorism is crucial.
this is what both turkey and india are focused on, he said.
by ptibeijing: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today called on chinese vice president wang qishan to discuss bilateral ties.
swaraj, who is here on a four-day visit to take part in the foreign ministers' meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco), met wang at zhongnanhai, the chinese leadership compound, in beijing.
eam @sushmaswaraj continues her engagement with the chinese leadership on the 2nd day of her visit, calling on the vice president of china wang qishan, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
she met her chinese counterpart wang yi yesterday and discussed a host of bilateral issues and ways to step-up the pace of high-level interactions to improve the relationship.
during their talks, the two sides announced that prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping would hold an informal summit from april 27 to 28 in the central chinese city of wuhan.
by uninew delhi: the bjp on friday released its second list of 28 candidates for the upcoming telangana assembly elections and to be held on december 7.
the second list of candidates for 24 seats in the election to the 40-member mizoram assembly on was also released for the november 28 polls.
the saffron party released its first list of 38 nominees for the 119-seat assembly for telangana and 13 nominees for mizoram on october 20.
its is expected that the third list of 53 candidates will be released after diwali for telangana, while the remaining candidates for mizoram election will also be released soon.
the central election committee of the bharatiya janata party met under the presidentship of mr amit shah.
the meeting was attended by prime minister narendra modi, home minister rajnath singh, finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and all other members of the central election committee of the bjp.
also read | bjp's releases first list of candidates for telangana, mizoram assembly electionsthe gazette notification for the elections will be issued on november 12 and the last date for filing nominations is november 19.
the bjp in telangana will be fighting elections on the poll plank of zero value added tax (vat) on fuel and regulation of liquor shop timings, among other promises.
the saffron party does not plan to ban alcohol but only regulate its timings.
''all liquor and wine shops will work only between 1000 hrs to 1800 hrs and will work only five days in a week,'' the source said.
the bjp also plans to bring down vat to 0 per cent.
in mizoram, it has so far fielded the largest number of six women candidates.
the zoram pepole's movement fielded two women candidates, while the ruling congress announced minister of state for cooperation vanlalawmpuii chawngthu as the lone woman nominee of the party.
there is no woman aspirant in the mizo national front's 39 nominees.
by ptinarowal: a religious corridor linking a revered sikh shrine on the bank of ravi river here with india's border district of gurdaspur has the potential to bring hope and peace between the two countries, feel people on both sides of the border on the eve of its ground-breaking ceremony.
the foundation stone laying ceremony of the corridor between gurdwara darbar sahib in kartarpur, the final resting place of sikh faith's founder guru nanak, and the international border with india will be held here wednesday.
prime minister imran khan, senior politicians of pakistan's punjab province and a host of top officials will be attending the event at narowal - around 120 kilometres from lahore.
the foundation stone of the corridor on the indian side, from dera baba nanak in punjab's gurdaspur to the international border, was laid on monday by vice president m venkaiah naidu.
the corridor, which will facilitate the visa-free travel of indian sikh pilgrims to gurdwara darbar sahib in kartarpur, is expected to be completed within six months, pakistan foreign office spokesman mohammad faisal said on tuesday.
also read | kartarpur corridor: foundation stone replaced amid row over creditwe have fought a lot in the last 70 years.
there was no gain from those fights by either india or pakistan.
it is now time we begin a new journey and the katarpur corridor has the potential to bring peace, says abbas khan, a 60-year-old pakistan trader, a resident of narowal.
another pakistani citizen - bilal mohammed - who is from lahore said prime minister narendra modi is an influential leader and both he and his pakistani counterpart imran khan can bring changes in bilateral relations if they want.
kartarpur sahib is located across ravi river in pakistan and is about 4-km from the dera baba nanak shrine.
the corridor, once built, will give indian sikh pilgrims easy visa-free access to the shrine in kartarpur.
last week, pakistan and india announced that they would develop the corridor on their respective side of the border to help indian pilgrims visit gurdwara darbar sahib in kartarpur.
prime minister modi likened the decision by the two countries to the fall of the berlin wall, indicating that the project may ease simmering tension between the two countries.
elaborate preparations have been made at narowal for wednesday's event which will be attended by a host of dignitaries.
cricketer-turned-politician navjot singh sidhu has already arrived in pakistan for the event.
the indian government has sent union ministers harsimrat kaur badal and hardeep singh puri to represent india at the event.
many indian residents at the attari-wagha border also welcomed the move by both countries to build the corridor.
it has been our demand for a long-long time and the governments of both the countries have now decided to roll out the project.
we are very happy, said 35-year-old manjeet singh.
the corridor will boost tourism and it will be beneficial for us.
it will help us economically.
the face of the areas may change because of the corridor, said ranjita singh, a college student.
india had proposed the corridor to pakistan around 20 years back.
also read | opening of kartarpur corridor linked with start of talks with india: pakistanthe issue of kartarpur sahib came into focus after sidhu visited pakistan in august to attend the oath-taking ceremony of his cricketer-turned-politician friend khan as prime minister of that country.
after his return, sidhu said that pakistan army chief general qamar javed bajwa had told him that pakistan may open a corridor to kartarpur sahib.
india-pakistan ties nose-dived in recent years with no bilateral talks taking place.
the ties between the two countries had strained after the terror attacks by pakistan-based groups in 2016.
sidhu has termed the kartarpur corridor as a corridor of infinite possibilities and said such initiatives would promote peace and erase enmity between india and pakistan.
the seed imran khan had sown three months ago has become a plant.
it is a happy moment for the sikh community that the corridor will be built to reach kartarpur to get baba guru nanak's blessing without any hassle, he told the media.
kartarpur corridor will prove to be a path of peace, sidhu added.
he further said he was surprised when pakistan's army chief told him that pakistan intended to open kartarpur corridor during his last visit.
gen bajwa literally surprised me saying that pakistan intended to open the kartarpur corridor, he said.
sidhu was asked about criticism he faced for hugging gen bajwa at khan's swearing-in three months ago in islamabad, to which he replied, it was just a 'jhappi' (hug) and not the rafale deal, alluding to corruption allegations against the bjp-led nda government.
it was a second-long hug, not a rafale deal.
it's a tradition in punjab when two punjabis meet, they usually greet through hugging each other.
it is an expression of exchanging greetings, said the congress leader.
the congress party has launched an offensive against the government, alleging corruption and favouritism in the rs 58,000-crore fighter jet deal for purchase of 36 rafale aircraft from france's dassault aviation.
the government has denied any wrongdoing in the deal while the bjp has dismissed as lies corruption allegations levelled by the congress.
a group of 25 journalists from india have been invited by pakistan for the event here.
pakistan had invited external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who thanked her pakistani counterpart shah mahmood qureshi for the invite and said she was unable to travel to kartarpur sahib due to prior commitments.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday assured help to the family of an indian national who was shot dead during an armed robbery in jamaica earlier this week.
talreja family - i am sorry to know about this tragedy.
my heartfelt condolences, sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted.
indian high commission in jamaica will follow up this case with the police and help you in all possible manner, she said.
according to reports, armed robbers entered the home of 25-year-old rakesh talreja, hailing from vasai in maharashtra, which he shared with two other indians, in jamaica's capital kingston on thursday evening.
after snatching cash and cellphones from his roommates at gunpoint, they entered talreja's bedroom on the first floor of the house.
after snatching his cellphone, they shot talreja in the back three times.
they also shot at his roommates before fleeing from the house.
talreja was rushed to a hospital but was declared dead before admission.
his two roommates, who sustained injuries on their legs, are undergoing treatment at the hospital.
talreja worked as a salesperson at caribbean jewellers in kingston and his employer used to ask his employees to take some amount of cash home everyday to avoid theft in the shop, according to the reports.
seeking a detailed report about the incident, sushmaswaraj swaraj directed the high commission to ensure best possible treatment to the injured indian nationals and coordinate with the affected families.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and union health minister j p nadda addressing a press conference after the union cabinet gave its approval for introduction of surrogacy (regulation) bill, 2016, at national media centre in new delhi on wednesday.
new delhi: short of calling it draconian, the congress on friday lambasted the new draft surrogacy bill as retrogressive in every possible way.
indicating that it would oppose the bill tooth and nail, the party said it reflected stone age mentality, completely out of sync with the times.
the union cabinet had earlier approved the draft bill with a strong critique against what it called womb-renting and commercial exploitation of surrogacy using poor women.
though swaraj never mentioned them, the hint was obvious  bollywood superstar shah rukh khan and his wife gauri famously had opted for surrogacy for their third child, abram.
meanwhile, taking on the government, congress spokesperson abhishek manu singhvi claimed that the draft bill approved by the modi cabinet was not just stringent, but also anti-liberal and anti-civil rights.
look at the punishment, the bill provides for 10-year imprisonment for breaking any of the surrogacy clauses.
the cabinet-approved draft bill, which is expected to go the standing committee of parliament for stake-holders feedback, allows infertile couples to go for surrogacy, but only through a relative.
many countries, including the uk, have similarly banned commercial surrogacy.
but the congress is of the view that the new bill seems to be something resembling an unscientific draft from the stone ages.
it was strange that the reason for excluding overseas citizen of india and foreigners is that divorces are very common in foreign countries.
they have delegated the drafting of this surrogacy bill perhaps to the surrogate rss and vhp, he said.
singhvi said the upa draft bill  the assisted reproductive technologies bill  too had sought to ban homosexuals from opting for surrogate parenthood, but contrary to the new draft our approach was to address individual needs  case by case, with several pros and cons like guardianship clause for nri, during the period of surrogacy, etc.
why are they restricting surrogacy to married couples?
it could be desired by widows, live-in partners, nris, he said.
if all categories are banned, then why have surrogacy at all, he asked.
amritsar: the upcoming sixth ministerial conference of the heart of asia (hoa), istanbul process which will begin here on saturday will focus on stabilising war-ravaged afghanistan.
according to sources, the confidence building measures (cbms) in this regard will be discussed at the conference.
union finance minister arun jaitley will represent india in the ministerial conference in the absence of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
prime minister narendra modi and afghanistan president ashraf ghani will jointly inaugurate the ministerial deliberations on december 4.
the pakistan prime minister nawaz sharifs foreign policy advisor sartaj aziz is also scheduled to attend the conference and is expected to return on the same day.
no bilateral meeting is expected between india and pakistan at the conference as the former has already clarified that it has not officially received a request for the same from islamabad.
on november 30, gopal baglay, who heads the indian ministry of external affairs division dealing with pakistan said, pakistan has not requested for any bilateral meeting so far.
over 40 foreign ministers and dignitaries from china, russia, iran and united arab emirates, usa, canada and france besides the european union will participate in the conference.
afghanistan is the permanent chair for the heart of asia process, while the conference host country holds the co-chair position.
the last heart of asia ministerial conference was held in islamabad in december 2015, which was attended by indias external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
both the countries had agreed to start a comprehensive bilateral dialogue to cover all outstanding issues at the conference.
however, the talks werent resumed after the pathankot attack in january this year.
founded in istanbul, turkey in november 2011 with fourteen asian countries, the heart of asia-istanbul process aim to strengthen confidence-building measures and initiate steps to counter narcotics and terrorism and to expand trade, commerce and investment opportunities in the south asian region.
washington: a terrorist attack like the one on an indian army camp in uri escalates tensions, united states have said, asking pakistan to take action against un-designated terrorist outfits and delegitimise them.
obviously, an (terrorist) attack like that (in uri) escalates tensions.
what i don't want to do is try to get into, you know, some sort of broad characterisation one way or the other but obviously an attack like this is horrific and.
.
.
, the state department spokesman, john kirby, told reporters here yesterday.
the spokesperson was interrupted by a reporter mid-way that her question was about india's response to the september 18 uri attack.
but the indian response is that -- is that the kind of escalation that secretary kerry was warning against?
the journalist asked referring to the telephonic conversation between the secretary of state john kerry and the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj earlier this week.
kirby was quick to clarify that he was referring to the uri terrorist attack.
oh, i thought you were talking about the uri attack, the spokesman said.
on september 27, kerry spoke with swaraj.
for technical reason, the conversation was spread over two separate calls.
i can confirm for you that the secretary spoke with -- on the 27th, so earlier this week, with indian external affairs minister swaraj and reiterated his strong condemnation of the september 18 uri attack.
he condemned terrorism in all its forms and he cautioned against any escalation intentions, he said.
responding to questions, kirby called for de-escalation of tension between the two countries.
we've seen those reports (of indian surgical attack), we're following the situation closely as i think you can understand.
we also understand that the indian and pakistani militaries have been in communication, he said.
we believe that continued communication is obviously important to reduce tensions.
we've repeatedly expressed our concerns regarding the danger that terrorism poses to the region and we all know that terrorism in many ways knows no border, kirby said.
we continue to urge actions to combat and de-legitimise terrorist groups like let, and haqqani network, jaish-e-mohammed.
so, this is something that we're obviously keenly focused on, kirby said in response to a question.
counter-terrorism co-operation, he said, is something that the united states is always working at with its partners in the region.
we're always trying to get better at combating terrorism in the region.
there are many ways you can do that, you know, through information sharing regimens and increasing communication between all parties involved, he said.
but he refused to entertain question on if there was any co-operation between india and the united states on the latest indian operation.
i don't have a specific laundry list here to read out to you because, frankly, it's something that we've been constantly working at with our partners in the region, he said.
kirby said america's message to both sides has been the same in terms of encouraging them to increase communication to deal with this threat and to avoid steps that escalate the tensions.
i think i'm not going to get into characterising each and every step along the way there.
but obviously, what we want to see is increased cooperation against what is a very shared common threat for both countries, and to see steps being taken to deal with it by all sides, kirby said.
meanwhile the us ambassador to india, richard verma, who was in washington dc has rushed back to new delhi.
as far as i know, he's returning to new delhi.
my understanding is that he believed that it was, appropriate for him to go back.
he has got a big job.
there a lot of responsibilities that come with it.
and, obviously it's a very dynamic situation and he felt it was prudent to go back.
we support that, kirby said.
hyderabad: a youth from telangana was critically injured when unidentified assailants fired at him in the united states, his family said here on thursday.
mubeen ahmed (26), a native of sangareddy district, was on june 4 shot twice in the stomach at a california store where he works, though the family came to know about it only on thursday.
he family said that some men went to the store posing as customers and got into an argument with mubeen before firing at him.
an injured mubeen was rushed to a california hospital, where he underwent surgery.
his relatives from chicago were attending on him at the hospital.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called for a report from the indian embassy in the us.
the telangana government is arranging for passports for mubeen's family members to enable them to fly to the us.
a son of indian air force employee mujeeb ahmed, mubeen went to the us in february 2015 and completed his academic course.
he had started working in a private store on the outskirts of california.
by ptinew delhi: the congress today attacked the bjp over an incident in lucknow in which a passport seva kendra official allegedly humiliated an inter-faith couple, claiming that it reflected the psyche of hatred and division imbibed by the bjp.
congress communications in-charge randeep surjewala accused the saffron party of dividing the minds, hearts and soul of indians.
obnoxious demand by mea officials for conversion, in order to issue a passport reflect the 'psyche of hatred & division' which the bjp has imbibed.
it seeks to divides the minds, hearts & soul of indians and is an assault on our constutitional values!
https://t.
co/j3se1jipzl  randeep singh surjewala (@rssurjewala) june 21, 2018it seeks to divide the minds, hearts and soul of indians and is an assault on our constitutional values, he said.
he also tagged a news report of the alleged harassment of the couple at the mea's lucknow office, where an official humiliated the woman for marrying a muslim man.
the official was transferred today after he allegedly asked the husband to convert to hinduism and pulled up the wife for marrying a muslim when they went to the office with their passport applications.
seeking action, mohammad anas siddiqui and tanvi seth, who have been married for 12 years, wrote about their ordeal on twitter and tagged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj yesterday.
a day later, the regional passport office in lucknow transferred vikas mishra, the official accused of humiliating the couple.
by ptiislamabad: pakistan has told india that it will not open its airspace for commercial flights until new delhi removes its fighter jets from forward iaf airbases, pakistan's aviation secretary shahrukh nusrat has informed a parliamentary committee.
pakistan fully closed its airspace on february 26 after the indian air force (iaf) fighter jets struck a jaish-e-mohammed (jem) terrorist training camp in balakot following the pulwama terror attack in kashmir.
islamabad on friday for the fifth time extended the airspace ban along its eastern border with india till july 26.
aviation secretary nusrat, who is also the director general of the civil aviation authority (caa), on thursday informed the senate standing committee on aviation that his department has intimated indian officials that pakistani airspace would remain unavailable for use by india until the country withdraws its fighter jets from forward positions, dawn news reported.
also read: pakistan airspace closure bleeding air indiathe indian government approached asking us to open the airspace.
we conveyed our concerns that first india must withdraw its fighter planes placed forward, nusrat told the committee.
he further apprised the committee that indian officials have contacted pakistan requesting it to lift the airspace restrictions.
however, indian officials have been told that indian airbases are still laden with fighter jets and pakistan will not allow resumption of flight operations from india until their removal, said nusrat.
after the restrictions, all the passenger flights are being diverted to alternative routes by india, the express tribune reported.
the caa official also contested india's claim that delhi had opened its airspace for pakistan, the report said.
pakistani flights from thailand have not been restored since the closure of the indian airspace.
pakistan international airlines (pia) flights for malaysia also remain suspended, the caa dg informed the committee.
last month, pakistan gave special permission to prime minister narendra modi's vvip flight to use its airspace for his official trip to attend the shanghai cooperation organisation summit in bishkek, the capital of kyrgyzstan.
however, prime minister modi's vvip aircraft avoided flying over pakistan.
earlier, pakistan had allowed india's former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to fly directly through pakistani airspace to participate in the meeting of sco foreign ministers in bishkek on may 21.
india aviation industry has suffered huge losses due to the airspace ban by pakistan.
on thursday, civil aviation minister hardeep singh puri told parliament that due to the closure of pakistan airspace, air india had to spend an extra rs 430 crore on longer routes.
vientiane: prime minister narendra modi and myanmar's state counsellor aung san suu kyi today met here on the sidelines of the asean summit.
an icon of democracy, a partner for development.
state counsellor of myanmar aung san suu kyi meets prime minister narendra modi, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted along with photos of the two leaders shaking hands and holding talks.
earlier, modi also held bilateral talks with south korean president park geun-hye.
71-year-old leader suu kyi, whose national league for democracy brought down curtains on five decades of military rule, is also the country's foreign minister.
last month, myanmar assured india that it will not allow any insurgent group to use its territory against new delhi, in the backdrop of certain insurgent groups from northeastern states using the country for launching attacks.
the assurance was given during the first high-level visit from india after the civilian government assumed office here when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on president u htin kyaw and held extensive talks with suu kyi.
within a week, myanmarese presidentkyaw and modi held wide-ranging talks in new delhi during which the prime minister said india will stand by with myanmar at every step of its new journey and that it wants to take the ties to new heights.
by express news servicebhubaneswar: as senior bjp leader and former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs untimely death sparked a wave of shock and grief in the state, governor prof ganeshi lal condoled her demise and conveyed sympathy to the bereaved family members and constituents.
chief minister naveen patnaik also expressed grief in his tweet, deeply saddened by the sudden demise of sushmaswaraj swaraj ji.
she was a warm, respected and learned leader.
she was known to take personal interest even in the smallest of peoples problem.
her departure has left a void in indian politics.
my heartfelt condolences to her family.
the chief minister said swaraj was a peoples minister in the truest sense.
as a self-made public persona, she was an icon for millions of women of this country.
she was always out to help stranded indians anywhere in the world, he said.
naveen also hailed her use of social media for providing instant assistance to people in distress.
her multi-linguistic skills with convincing oratory made her a leader of the masses.
she was respected across the spectrum of the socio-political milieu in india, he added.
union minister dharmendra pradhan also condoled her death saying, still cannot believe the sudden demise of smt sushmaswaraj swarajji.
an elder sister, a stalwart and a tall stateswoman, her demise is a personal loss for me.
nation has lost a fine human being and a tall leader.
the void left by her demise will never be filled.
in his condolence message, union minister pratap sarangi said, the mind is extremely afflicted by the sudden demise of former foreign minister, senior leader sushmaswaraj swarajji.
her death is an irreparable loss to the bjp and the politics of the country.
may her soul rest in peace and give strength to the bereaved family.
swaraj will be remembered for her quick action following chief ministers request for the rescue of 24 indian workers, including 12 odias, who were allegedly held captive by a company in saudi arabia in 2017.
the all india institute of medical science in bhubaneswar is another contribution of her to the state.
one of the six aiims sanctioned by the nda government when she was the union health minister, swaraj came here with former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee for laying the foundation stone of the premier medical institute in 2003.
she is also credited for opening eight post office passport sewa kendras in angul, berhampur, balasore, kendrapara, balangir, jajpur, bhawanipatna, koraput, rourkela and sambalpur as eam.
swarajs visit to odisha became less frequent from 2014 onwards due to her failing health condition.
though one of the star campaigners for bjp, she had to cancel her public meetings in the state during the 2014 general elections.
she could not attend the last national executive committee of the bjp in the state capital held in 2017.
her last visit to odisha was in 2015.
her candid tweets started an outpouring of wishes by twitteratti.
swaraj, the most followed female leader in the world, has been able to forge a bond with her followers on twitter and took to the social media site to inform about her health status.
friends: this is to update you on my health.
i am in aiims because of kidney failure.
presently, i am on dialysis, the minister of external affairs tweeted to her 6.
53 million followers on wednesday morning.
swaraj has been frequenting hospitals for the last couple of months for pneumonia and her physical discomfort has been visible.
last she was admitted to aiims on november 7.
the 64-year-old minister was sent home in the evening but would be visiting the hospital on thursday as well.
i am undergoing tests for a kidney transplant.
lord krishna will bless, swaraj added.
presently, a donor is unavailable and transplant would take some time.
just like her twitter presence her announcement about her health condition has been unparallel as political leaders in the past have tried to hide their ailments from public eye.
her honesty and accessibility has endeared her to people further as wishes started flowing in and people even went to the extent of offering their kidney.
respected sushmaswaraj swaraj ma'am.
my blood group is b positive.
i will be happy to donate my kidney to you, if needed.
god bless, one rahul verma tweeted.
not just common people politicians from all parties wished her a speedy recovery.
by ptinew delhi: south korean minister of foreign affairs kang kyung-wha is slated to visit india next week, during which she will hold talks with her counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj on the progress in multifaceted cooperation between the two countries, the mea said thursday.
on an invitation by external affairs minister swaraj, kang will visit india on december 18-19, the ministry said in a statement.
during the visit, external affairs minister and the foreign minister of the republic of korea (rok) will co-chair the ninth meeting of the india-rok joint commission, it said.
they will review the progress in multifaceted cooperation under the special strategic partnership between the two countries, including follow-up action on decisions taken during the visit of rok president moon jae-in to india in july 2018, and will explore new areas of cooperation, the mea statement said.
they will also exchange views on regional and global issues of common interest, it added.
president moon, accompanied by a korean delegation, had visited india during july 8-11.
during his visit, he had held wide-ranging talks with prime minister narendra modi, attended a forum of top business leaders from both the countries and visited the akshardham temple in delhi.
the south korean president's visit has opened new vistas of cooperation in bilateral ties and the relationship between the two countries are more vibrant, its envoy in new delhi, shin bong-kil had said in october.
new delhi: myanmar on monday assured external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj that it would not allow any insurgent groups to use its territory against india.
sushma was on her first visit to the country after the newly-elected government came to power in myanmar.
the external affairs minster met myanmars president u htin kyaw and the state counsellor and minister of foreign affairs aung san suu kyi.
this is the first high-level visit from india to myanmar after suu kyis national league for democracy (nld) assumed power earlier this year drawing curtains on the five decades of military junta rule.
according to sources, both sides agreed to make efforts to ensure peace and security along the long shared border.
the myanmar stated that activities of insurgent groups would not be countenanced from myanmar territory and suggested that this issue should be addressed and taken forward through cooperation in established bilateral forums.
congratulating suu kyi for the victory in the first genuine election in the country, sushmaswaraj assured her of all help.
sushma was accompanied by foreign secretary s jaishankar and other mea officials on the one-day trip.
announcing swarajs sojourn to myanmar, ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted: an old friend of india, a new partner in progress.
eam meets daw aung san suu kyi, state counsellor and fm of myanmar.
suu kyi has been debarred from running for presidential elections by the military that still wields considerable control in the country.
the myanmar side expressed their appreciation for the training of 20 myanmar members of parliament at the bureau of parliamentary studies and training in new delhi.
the president of myanmar said that india is the country we should get best lessons from on what democracy means.
both sides agreed to work together in areas such as agriculture especially pulses, power (india is already supplying 3 mw electricity to myanmar), renewable energy, skill development, health, education and transport.
she said the first of these missions was already opened in rwanda last year.
the minister said that africa had emerged as an important trade and investment partner for the country with india-africa bilateral trade at $62.
66 billion for 2017-18, an increase of nearly 22 per cent over the previous year.
also read: tunisian woman fluent in four indian languages including tamil, charms sushmaswaraj swarajin recent years, there has been a surge in indian investment in africa.
india is the fifth largest investor in africa with cumulative investments of $54 billion, she said.
we view the recent signing of the african continental free trade area as yet another opportunity to boost trade and economic ties with africa.
strong india-africa relations will go a long way in redefining the contours of the international order on more egalitarian lines.
we should not expect anything less from this shining example of south-south cooperation, sushmaswaraj swaraj added.
the minister said india had always shared a special bond with the people of africa and had supported their liberation from colonialism and from apartheid.
we view our substantive engagement with the african countries through the prism of our own experience.
when we became independent, we found that external assistance came with conditionality, both overt and covert, with prescriptions that would have constricted our sovereignty and independence, she said.
as africa pursues africa-owned and africa-led development, we are determined to anchor our partnership on the principles of equality, mutual respect and mutual benefit.
it will be on terms that will liberate african potential and not constrain african future.
she said that in the last four years, india's long-standing ties with africa had acquired vibrancy and dynamism through an unprecedented intensification of political engagement with 29 visits to african countries at the level of president, vice president and prime minister, apart from several other ministerial visits.
she said the visits had taken place from both sides.
in addition to the visit of 41 heads of state or heads of government who attended the third india-africa forum summit, we have hosted over 35 leaders from africa for various events in the last four years, the minister said.
4 billion were being implemented under indian lines of credit which have had a positive impact in many african countries and were changing the lives of its people.
in a new initiative, we have offered construction of mahatma gandhi convention centres in africa as grant assistance, in the context of the 150th birth anniversary of gandhiji.
emphasising that both india and africa faced the serious of terrorism, the minister said preserving peace and security, countering terrorism and extremism was an important element of india's engagement with africa.
we are one of the largest contributors to un peace keeping missions and have participated in all the peacekeeping missions in africa, playing an important role in the african continent.
new delhi: uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath met prime minister narendra modi here on tuesday and discussed several issues related to the state.
the hour-long meeting between the two leaders was held at parliament house.
precise details of what they discussed were not known but informed sources told ians that both leaders discussed development related issues.
after meeting modi, yogi adityanath didn't speak to the media and left for home minister rajnath singh's residence.
earlier, he called on finance minister arun jaitley.
adityanath, who arrived in delhi earlier in the day, will also meet president pranab mukherjee, bjp president amit shah, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and veteran party leader l.k. advani.
during his meeting with shah, adityanath is likely to discuss portfolio distribution in his ministry.
adityanath was sworn in as chief minister of uttar pradesh on sunday after the bharatiya janata party was swept to power in the state.
new delhi: responding to a plea by father thomas uzhunnalil, a catholic priest under islamic states captivity in yemen, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday asserted that the government wont spare any effort to secure the formers release.
i have seen the video from fr tom.
he is an indian citizen and the life of every indian is most precious for us.
we got fr alex prem kumar and judith d'souza released from afghanistan.
we have spared no effort and we will spare no effort to secure fr tom's release from captivity, sushmaswaraj tweeted.
father tom, who hails from kerala and works in a church at aden, in a video posted through web, appealed to the government of india to release from his captors.
president and prime minister, i am sad nothing done seriously in my regard.
if i was a european priest then i might have been taken more seriously by authorities and people would have got me released, he said.
i am from india and therefore i am perhaps not considered of much value, i'm sad.
dear pope francis, please take care of my life.
i request my fellow human beings of different governments to come forward and help me, he added.
the video was uploaded yesterday on youtube and facebook.
however, the video's veracity was not verified.
father tom was abducted by the terror group when it attacked an old-age home run by mother teresa's missionaries of charity in aden in march.
in yemen, the fighting is going on with no central authority there.
thiruvananthapuram: days after the 41 indian sailors stranded in leaking ships in uaes ajman port sent sos messages seeking help to save their lives, the indian consulate general in uae has intervened raising hopes of their rescue.
the sailors on board the four vessels - two of them mt enjaz i and mv salem - include those from tirunelveli, lakshadweep and pondicherry.
the vessel mt enjaz i has a total of 15 crew members of which u amanulla is a native of lakshadweep islands.
the vessel mv salem has seven crew members.
some of the crew have not been paid salaries for many months.
the owner had seized their passports and was said to be untraceable.
they had raised the issue with union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
following the ministers intervention, the indian consulate general in dubai has taken up the issue with the uae authorities including port officials at sharjah and ajman.
in a press statement, the consulate said it has established contact with the captains of two vessels and confirmed that sufficient stock of fuel, food and water is available, which could last for a couple of weeks.
the crew has requested for pending salaries and release from duty.
the consulate also got in touch with the sponsor and sought his assistance for settlement of issues with the crew.
it is hoped that an amicable solution will be forthcoming at the earliest with the cooperation of all parties involved ,including the local authorities, the statement said.
the consulate will pursue the matter keeping in view the best interest of the indian sailors, added officials.
meanwhile the indian chapter of the sailors society has welcomed the steps taken by union external affairs minister to rescue the sailors stranded in the uae.
the society has been in touch with the relatives and families of the stranded sailors.
we have been giving medical assistance to the sailors families, said manoj joy of sailors society.
gaya: the deadly terror attack in uri which claimed the life of 18 army soldiers threw the entire in shock on a sunday morning, but no one was more crushed and broken that naik s.k. vidarthis father who is still mourning the loss of his son.
an enraged mathura yadav has stated that he wont let any of his sons join the indian army, if the government does not take stern action against pakistan, who is the perpetrator of the dastardly attack.
pakistan should be given strict punishment.
if the government fails to take stern action, i will never let any of my sons join army again, he told ani.
the distraught yet proud daughter of the slain soldier, aarti kumari said if she gets the opportunity, she would join the army herself.
i would request the government that if they (pakistan) attack us once, we should give them a befitting reply.
i am proud of my father because he did not diehe sacrificed his life for the nation.
i wanted to join iit, delhinow i dont know whether it will be possible.
if i get the opportunity, i would surely join the army, she added.
vidharthi, who joined the army in 1999 has left behind his wife and four children namely aarti, anshu, anshika and aryan.
bihar chief minister nitish kumar yesterday announced an ex-gratia of rs. five lakh to vidharthis family.
meanwhile, india is to present all actionable evidence against pakistan if required at international bodies.
evidence of pakistans hand in the uri attack, including gps tracker movements that go back to a starting point in pakistan, pashto literature, pakistan army marked arms will be given to islamabad at the dgmo level, sources said.
according to sources, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will strongly emphasize on pakistans involvement in the attack in her unga speech on september 26.
this development comes after the prime minister yesterday chaired a high-level meeting at his official residence at 7 race course road here.
pakistan has, however, flatly rejected new delhi's claims of islamabad's involvement in the uri terror attack, saying it is the latter's traditional tendency to point fingers at the former whenever a terror attack takes place on indian soil.
director general of military operations (dgmo) lt.
gen.
ranbir singh earlier said that the four terrorists who attacked the military base in uri, belonged to pakistan's banned terror outfit jaish-e-mohammed (jem).
ramananda sengupta bynew delhi: the rafale deal was not on the official agenda during the two-day official visit of french minister of europe and foreign affairs, jean-yves le drian, who left for france on saturday after a trip to mumbai and delhi.
le drian arrived in new delhi on friday morning on his 16th official visit and left immediately for mumbai, where he where met delegates attending the second meeting of the indo-french film and television industry professionals, and announced the institution of a fund supporting scriptwriting for indo-french co-productions.
he also met chief minister devendra fadnavis.
he returned to delhi late in the evening.
on saturday, he witnessed the signing of an agreement between atos, a european it services corporation, and the center for development of advanced computing at a delhi hotel, where he also held a meeting with minister of electronics and information technology, ravi shankar prasad.
the deal to procure supercomputers worth rs 4,500 crores from atos would clear the way for the it giant to deploy its bullsequana supercomputers in india, which would help the national supercomputing mission with weather forecasting, drug discovery and data mining.
le drian then met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and prime minister narendra modi, who welcomed the strengthening of bilateral ties in all spheres, including defence, space, counterterrorism, and civil nuclear cooperation.
new delhi: it was an operation carried out by surgical precision by the army, but the ministry of external affairs was kept in the loop.
immediately after the announcement of the pre-emptory strikes across the line of control, the diplomatic army of india swung into action and briefed 25 envoys of top countries, including the p-5 countries  the us, china, russia, the uk and france  on the context of the strike.
the task at hand has been to succinctly put across indias point of view to the countries, including those in the immediate neighborhood, to provide context to the strikes starting from the uri attack and the continued violation of the ceasefire agreement.
the envoys were informed that it was a classic counter-terrorism operation more than a military one.
sources say foreign secretary s jaishankar briefed the ambassadors of the countries at south block.
in the briefing he told them that surgical strikes on seven terror launchpads were carried out on late on wednesday night and significant casualties were inflicted on the terrorists who were planning to infiltrate through the loc to carry out terror attacks in india.
the ambassadors were also told that india had no intentions of launching further operations on these lines but made it clear that the armed forces wouldnt allow terrorists to carry out any more attacks.
on thursday morning the us national security advisor susan e rice telephoned his indian counterpart, ajit doval.
in a statement the us national security council pokesperson ned price said, highlighting the danger that cross-border terrorism poses to the region, ambassador rice reiterated our expectation that pakistan take effective action to combat and de-legitimise un-designated terrorist individuals and entities, including laskar-e-toiba, jaish-e-mohammad and their affiliates.
the diplomatic-military synergy was at display on thursday morning when director general of military operation lt gen ranbir singh in an unprecedented joint media briefing with ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup announced the surgical strikes.
joint briefings were previously conducted during the kargil war, the first televised conflict between indian armed forces and pakistan-backed infiltrators, but this has been the first instance of joint briefing of ministries.
the government also said the surgical strikes were a necessary step which had not been taken for many years.
the surgical strikes on terrorists has been welcomed across the country because it was a necessary step, which had not been taken for many years, hrd minister prakash javadekar said.
javadekar said the saarc summit wouldnt be held in pakistan as several countries have supported india, while the issue of indus waters was also being looked at.
he also said that from the way union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj presented indias viewpoint at the un, pakistan has been completely exposed.
noida: tension prevailed outside mobile phone manufacturer oppos factory here on tuesday after one of its chinese employees allegedly threw the indian national flag in a dustbin.
the employees of the company staged a protest and they were joined by vishwa hindu parishad members.
the company officials have offered unconditional apology after the district authorities and deputy labour commissioner intervened in the matter, officials said.
company officials and agitating employees were taken to discussion table.
both promised to resolve the issue amicably, city magistrate ramanuj singh said.
singh said the employees demanded that the cctv footage should be checked to identify the chinese official who threw the indian flag in dustbin and an fir be lodged against him.
company officers have offered apology.
there was a labour dispute between workers and the chinese company and deputy labour commissioner was called to settle the matter amicably, said district officials.
this is not the first time that there has been an uproar over disrespect to national symbols.
a couple of months back, e-commerce giant amazon was pulled by union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for selling doormats depicting the indian national flag.
washington: us secretary of state john kerry, who arrived in india on monday on a three-day visit, has cancelled his return to washington scheduled, and will extend his stay in india before leaving for china to join president barack obama at the g-20 summit.
us state department spokesperson john kirby on wednesday said in his daily press briefing here on wednesday that kerry's official schedule for the next couple of days was still forming up citing logistical reasons.
after co-chairing the second us-india strategic and commercial dialogue with indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday, kerry addressed a town hall meeting at the indian institute of technology in new delhi, met with indian opposition political party leaders and visited the american embassy school before calling on prime minister narendra modi to discuss climate change issues and the deepening us-india partnership.
following heavy rains on wednesday morning, kerry postponed his scheduled visits to the sisganj gurdwara, the jama masjid and a hindu temple in new delhi.
asked about kerry's official schedule given his extended stay in new delhi, kirby said: i didn't say that he didn't have official events.
his schedule is still forming up, and as we get more information about that, we'll certainly provide it to you.
but he wanted to be able to attend the g-20, and so it just made practical sense from a logistical perspective, particularly as we had to finalise arrangements as far as for his ability to join the president, to stay there in new delhi while those arrangements were made.
the g20 summit in hangzhou will take place from september 4 to 5.
thanks for bringing this to my notice.
sukhwant kaur is returning home on 31 may 2017 at 0415 hrs by flt g9406, swaraj tweeted.
the minister's response came after her attention was drawn to a news report in which kaur's husband kulwant singh alleged that she had gone to saudi arabia on a three-month tourist visa in january, but was sold and tortured there.
according to the report, kaur, hailing from jalandhar, was taken to saudi arabia by a delhi-based agent.
kulwant said his wife was in contact with him over phone for a week after she landed in dubai.
but a few days later, her phone got switched off and the agent also did not attend his calls.
on may 7, my wife called me up from a hospital in hail city of saudi arabia.
she said the travel agent had sold her to a local resident and she was forced to work as a slave in his house and was being badly treated and even tortured, he was quoted as saying in the report.
by ptisamarkand: india and five central asian countries along with afghanistan on sunday condemned terrorism in all its forms and manifestations and agreed to cooperate in countering the menace which poses a threat to people across the world.
this was part of a joint statement issued at the end of the first ever meeting of the india-central asia dialogue which also saw the participation of afghanistan at the ministerial level in samarkand.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj along with the foreign ministers of afghanistan, kazakhstan, kyrgyz republic, tajikistan, turkmenistan and uzbekistan took part in the meeting.
also read | terrorism, wmds, climate change today's critical challenges: sushmaswaraj swarajall sides condemned terrorism in all its forms and manifestations and agreed to cooperate in countering terrorism which posed a threat to the people and economies of the world, the statement said.
it referred to the ancient civilisational, cultural, trade, and people-to-people links between india and central asia and expressed commitment to dynamic and fruitful friendly relations and mutually beneficial cooperation between india and the central asian countries at bilateral and multilateral formats.
the countries reaffirmed their willingness for cooperation, mutual support, joint solution on relevant issues in order to ensure security, stability and sustainable development, the statement said.
the ministers welcomed the participation of afghanistan in the india-central asia dialogue as an important land link in the regional cooperation, transit of goods and energy and expressed support and commitment of central asian countries and india to peace, security and stability of afghanistan.
they also called for an inclusive afghan-led and afghan-owned peace process and reconciliation, and assistance in economic reconstruction of afghanistan through the implementation of joint infrastructure, transit and transport, energy projects including regional cooperation and investment projects, the statement said.
the ministers noted the importance of sustainable economic growth in afghanistan by attracting afghan women to participate in the public life of the country and welcomed the successful holding of forums and conferences on this issue in the countries of central asia.
they also noted the results of the seventh regional economic cooperation conference on afghanistan (recca vii), held in ashgabat in november 2017, and expressed willingness to cooperate in preparation for the recca viii meet in tashkent in the second half of 2019.
the participants welcomed the accession of india into the ashgabat agreement on creating an international transport and transit corridor.
the ministers emphasised the importance of developing and implementing projects, that provide a concerted solution to the problems and issues of economic growth of the countries of central asia based on the principles of equality, mutual benefit and respect for their interests.
the statement said the nations expressed their intention to strengthen cooperation in order to create real opportunities for expanding economic cooperation, and ensuring favourable conditions for mutual free trade.
they discussed promising opportunities and areas of cooperation in promoting mutual trade, attracting investments, innovations and technologies in key spheres of industry, energy, information technologies, pharmaceuticals and agriculture, education and training.
they also highlighted the importance of concerted efforts to improve the investment climate and the market attractiveness of the region's economy, business opportunities of the central asian countries on the world stage.
by ptinew delhi: the cabinet committee on security met here tuesday morning at the residence of prime minister narendra modi after the indian air force carried out air strikes in pakistan.
finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and defence minister nirmala sitharaman were present at the meeting.
also read: mirage 2000 fighter jets drop 1,000 kg bombs across loc, destroy terror campnational security advisor ajit doval and other top officials of the prime minister's office and the security apparatus were present at the meeting, official sources said.
india is believed to have carried out air strikes inside pakistan early tuesday and targeted terror camps, sources said.
also read: congress chief rahul gandhi lauds iaf pilots for air strikes on pakistanthe strikes involving several fighter jets of the indian air force successfully destroyed camps belonging to pakistan-based terror outfits in balakot in khyber pakhtunkhwa province, the sources said.
by ptidhaka: bangladesh's new foreign minister ak abdul momen on monday said he would visit india on his maiden overseas trip after prime minister sheikh hasina's government won power for the third consecutive term after the december 30 election.
my first visit will be to new delhi, he said in a media interaction as he assumed office.
momen, however, said no date was fixed for his planned india visit but said he preferred to go there first since india is our neighbour.
we have warm relations.
they invited me.
prime minister narendra modi was the first leader to congratulate hasina after her awami league swept the polls while external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also sent a congratulatory message to her new counterpart.
momen said he was yet to decide his priorities but referred to the rohingya crisis as a major issue of concern.
talking to pti soon after his induction in the cabinet last week momen said dhaka would cultivate more effective ties with india and china and pursue vigorous economic diplomacy.
he said the premier directed him to intensify cooperation with neighbours on the basis of solid partnership while the foreign office would act as a partner of other concerned ministries to draw more foreign investments in bangladesh as well.
my main focus (however) will be to pursue vigorous economic diplomacy with all major countries and particularly the neighbours, said momen, an economist by background.
he said his office would effectively do its part to elevate the country's status as a higher middle-income nation by 2021 as envisaged by the premier and attract required foreign assistance in implementing the government's ambitious development plans.
momen said his office would try to engage expatriate bangladeshis in foreign affairs as part of the economic diplomacy since many of them are in good positions abroad.
momen preferred to call the rohingya crisis until now an economic issue but feared it could affect regional stability unless addressed through concerted efforts by all including nations in the neighbourhood.
the issue needs to be solved as soon as possible, otherwise it would affect the stability of the entire region, he said.
momen is a new face in the ruling awami league but he previously served as bangladesh's permanent envoy at the un, chile and peru.
by ptinew delhi: a day after army chief gen.
bipin rawat stated india cannot be left out of the bandwagon when a number of countries are reaching out to the taliban, the external affairs ministry friday said there is no change in the position on afghanistan and new delhi supports the process which is inclusive towards achieving peace.
external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar also said that india has made it very clear to the us that the peace and reconciliation in afghanistan should be afghan-owned, afghan-led and afghan-controlled.
he said this was conveyed during the meetings us president donald trump's special afghan envoy zalmay khalilzad had with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and foreign secretary vijay gokhale.
responding to a volley of questions on afghanistan ranging from khalilzad's visit to the army chief's comments, kumar said: essentially, both sides, we share perspectives on peace and reconciliation in afghanistan.
mr khalilzad briefed eam and fs on their aspect as to how the us is trying to achieve peace and reconciliation in the country.
on the question whether pakistan's role in afghanistan was discussed during the meetings, the mea spokesperson said this is something which india has articulated time and again -- the destabilising role that pakistan plays.
the situation in afghanistan was discussed, the indian side did reiterate its policy on afghanistan, kumar said.
this is connected to the comments made by the army chief.
our position on afghanistan has been very clear and very consistent.
we have said in the past and we continue to do so that india supports the peace and reconciliation efforts in afghanistan, he said.
we support the process which is inclusive towards achieving this goal and there has been no change in that position, he said.
his remarks come just a day after army chief gen rawat, during his annual press conference, said: a number of countries are talking to the taliban.
the issue we should address is -- do we have an interest in afghanistan.
if the answer is yes, then you cannot be out of the bandwagon.
a day earlier, he had also that there should be talks with the taliban but without any preconditions.
trump's special afghan envoy khalilzad is leading an inter-agency delegation to india, china, afghanistan, and pakistan from january 8 to january 21.
by ptivientiane: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday met her laotian counterpart saleumxay kommasith and held wide-ranging talks to enhance cooperation in key areas like defence, trade, energy and agriculture.
swaraj, who is in laos on a two-day visit, co-chaired the 9th joint commission meeting with kommasith as the two leaders laid out the roadmap for cooperation and partnership.
the ministers held wide-ranging discussions covering cooperation in agriculture, trade and investment, defence, education, culture, information technology, energy and mining, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
swaraj and kommasith had constructive discussions during the meeting, he said in a tweet.
swaraj offered to share india's expertise and experience towards supporting developmental needs of laos, taking the total offer of grant and line of credit proposal to usd 250 million, kumar said.
on thursday, she attended an indian community event here and interacted with participants.
during her two-day visit, swaraj will also call on laos prime minister thongloun sisoulith.
new delhi: in the first myanmar visit by an indian minister since a democratically elected government was instated there in march, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will next week travel to naypyidaw and meet aung san suu kyi.
the ministry of external affairs, while announcing the visit, said on thursday that the minister was expected to meet myanmars state counsellor and foreign minister suu kyi and president u htin kyaw on august 22.
discussions are expected to focus on the rich bilateral content of the relationship as well as plans for the upcoming brics-bimstec (the bay of bengal initiative for multi-sectoral technical and economic cooperation) outreach summit in india, building on the comprehensive discussions during foreign office consultations held new delhi on august 9, 2016, ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup said.
the statement said that india and myanmar shared close relations with a robust development cooperation programme in areas such as agriculture, it, human resource development, infrastructure development, culture, etc.
during the visit, sushmaswaraj will be accompanied by foreign secretary s jaishankar and other senior officials of the ministry of external affairs.
last month, in a meeting with the minister of state for external affairs on the sidelines of the association of southeast asian nations (asean) foreign ministers meeting, suu kyi said that she looked forward to visiting india.
however, suu kyi, who had attended convent of jesus and mary schooland lady shri ram college in new delhi, chose to visit china in her first foreign visit since her party came to power.
help just a click awaynew delhi: the sushmaswaraj swarajled ministry of external affairs has launched a facebook app making all its missions just one click away for everyone across the globe.
by ptibeijing: china thursday appeared non-committal about its stand on a fresh proposal moved by the us, the uk and france in the un security council to designate pakistan-based terror group jem's chief masood azhar as a global terrorist.
china, a close ally of pakistan, has consistently blocked moves first by india and later by the us, the uk and france to designate azhar as a global terrorist by the 1267 committee by putting technical holds.
read | us, uk and france ask un security council to ban jem chief azhar in fresh proposalasked whether china will block the move to designate jaish-e-mohammed chief azhar as a global terrorist - a listing that will subject him to global travel ban, asset freeze and arms embargo - chinese foreign ministry spokesman lu kang almost reiterated beijing's oft-repeated stand at a media briefing here.
as we have said on many occasions, the 1267 committee of the un security council has clear norms on the listing of terrorist organisations or individuals and relevant procedures, he said.
china will continue to take a responsible attitude and participate in the discussions of the security council's relevant sanctions committees and other subsidiary bodies, he said.
beijing's constant blocking of the move has become a major issue of discord between india and china.
read | masood azhar, militant leader at the heart of the kashmir crisischina's approach this time is closely watched in view of the transformation of india-china relations after last year's wuhan summit between prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping.
china has taken a more guarded approach since the pulwama terror attack claimed by pakistan-based jem which killed 40 crpf soldiers.
beijing backed the recent strong statement issued by the un security council condemning jem for the attack.
it is to be seen what stand china would take this time about the listing of azhar as a global terrorist.
such a designation of azhar by the un's top organ could be seen as a major setback for pakistan as it had opposed it all along.
read | not opposed to azhar's banning, anyone involved in terror must be listed by un: saudichina is also trying to defuse tensions betweeen india and pakistan with foreign minister wang yi interacting closely with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and pakistan foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi in recent days.
qureshi made an urgent phone call to wang on thursday to update him about the tensions between pakistan and india, chinese foreign ministry said on thursday.
during the phone call, wang briefed qureshi on china's efforts to promote peace talks and reiterated his hope that pakistan and india would exercise restraint and earnestly fulfil their commitment to prevent the escalation of the situation, the ministry said in a statement.
qureshi's phone call came as tensions between india and pakistan rose wednesday after pakistan claimed it shot down two indian fighter jets over pakistani air space and arrested a pilot in response to indian counter-terrorism in balakot.
qureshi made the phone call after wang held extensive talks with swaraj on wednesday on the sidelines of the russia, india, china (ric) foreign ministers meeting in the chinese city of wuzhen.
wang told qureshi that china will continue to play a constructive role in easing the current tension.
wang also stressed that the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all countries should be truly respected.
china does not want to see any behaviour that goes against the norms governing international relations, it said.
at the ric ministers meeting on wednesday, india won the support of china and russia in the fight against terrorism as china and russia agreed to step up policy coordination.
briefing the media after the ric ministers talks, wang said, we agreed to jointly combat all forms terrorism through closer policy coordination and practical cooperation.
especially important is to eradicate the breeding grounds of terrorism and extremism.
but at the same time wang tried to cautiously tread a fine line, highlighting that pakistan, which is its close ally, is also opposed to terrorism.
china, russia and india have reaffirmed our strong opposition to terrorism in various forms and manifestations.
at the same time, we believe that pakistan has always been opposed to terrorism, he said at the joint press conference with swaraj and russian foreign minister sergei lavrov.
elaborating on china's stand, wang said, on the recent developments between india and pakistan, china appreciates the statements from indian and pakistani friends saying that they will exercise (restraint) and avoid escalation of the situation.
he said china for its part was playing a constructive role as a mutual friend.
separately china's military on thursday said it was closely watching the escalating tensions between india and pakistan and called for restraint by both the neighbours.
terming india and pakistan as friends of china, it also said both the countries should resolve the issue through dialogue and properly handle the differences to prevent further escalation of tensions.
we have noted the latest developments and we are closely watching the situation, chinese defence ministry spokesman senior col ren guochang told reporters here when asked about the prevailing tensions between india and pakistan.
new delhi: india should continue engaging with pakistan despite the current tensions between the two south asian neighbours, former union minister of home and finance p. chidambaram said on friday.
you have to continue to engage with pakistan, chidambaram said at a panel discussion here after former prime minister manmohan singh officially released a new book choices: inside the making of india's foreign policy written by former national security advisor and foreign secretary shivshankar menon.
eventually you have to live with your neighbours and you have to learn to live with them, he said in the discussion moderated by journalist broadcaster karan thapar.
new delhi has refused to sit for a peace dialogue with islamabad following terror attacks emanating from pakistan and bilateral relations have gone from a high level of optimism at the end of last year to absolute pessimism now.
during external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's visit to islamabad last year, the two countries agreed to start a 10-point comprehensive bilateral dialogue with the foreign secretaries of the two countries scheduled to work out the modalities for the process.
expectations further rose when prime minister narendra modi made an unscheduled stop at lahore on his way from kabul to new delhi on december 25, 2015, on the occasion of his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif's birthday.
but the whole process got derailed when pakistan-based terror outfit jaish-e-mohammed (jem) carried out a cross-border terror attack at the pathankot air force base on january 2 this year that left seven indian security personnel dead.
new delhi gave proof of jem's involvement in the attack and demanded that islamabad bring the perpetrators to justice.
relations further deteriorated when indian security forces killed hizbul mujahideen terrorist burhan wani in july and pakistan declared him a martyr.
scores of people died in the resultant violence that sparked off in the kashmir valley.
in september, the jem again carried out a cross-border terror attack on an army base at uri in jammu and kashmir that killed 19 indian soldiers.
in what was seen as a retaliatory move, the same month the indian army carried out surgical attacks across the line of control (loc) in jammu and kashmir inflicting heavy casualties on terror camps in pakistan-occupied kashmir.
again on tuesday, terrorists from across the border attacked an army camp at nagrota in jammu and kahmir in which seven indian soldiers were killed.
chidambaram was of the opinion that surgical strikes would not deter terrorists from across the border.
he also said that the government should not have gone public with the army's surgical strike as it has put the pakistan government too in the public and has forced it to go on the offensive.
going public limits your options, he stated, adding that you must heed public opinion, but you must also lead public opinion.
chidambaram said india gained enormously by not retaliating against pakistan after the november 2008 mumbai terror attacks that claimed more than 160 lives.
india gained enormously in esteem in the world for not retaliating after the attacks, chidambaram saidat least 166 people were killed when 10 members of the pakistan-based terror outfit lashkar-e-toiba carried out attacks across multiple locations in india's commercial capital mumbai from the night of november 26, 2008, till the dawn of november 29, 2008.
chidambaram said that after he was made home minister on december 1, 2008, he realised that retaliation was not an option, it was not feasible.
menon, who was the foreign secretary at the time of the mumbai attacks, said that he too had felt that retaliatory action should have been taken pakistan but later realised that it was a purely emotional reaction.
chidambaram said that after the ceasefire agreement was signed between india and pakistan in 2004 the number of people killed along the loc had gone down substantially since then till 2012-2013.
srinath raghavan, senior fellow at the centre for policy research who was also part of the panel, said that since the september surgical attack, the loc has become very active and the ceasefire agreement was now hanging by a threadasked what happened after 2013, chidambaram said there seemed to be no unified command in the home ministry now.
he recalled that during the upa government's time, such a command used to meet daily at the home ministry to take stock of the security situation in the country.
the former minister of home and finance was of the view that the current government's policy has swung from over enthusiasm to the other extreme.
she said they have been brought to benghazi, which is a port city in libya.
we have brought them in military vehicles 650 kms away to benghazi.
we will now fly them from benghazi/tripoli.
two of them were evacuated by the government earlier also.
however, they returned to libya on 28.
4.
2016 ignoring our advisories.
punjab deputy chief minister sukhbir singh badal had requested swaraj to help the three men in returning to india.
by ptiparamaribo: president ram nath kovind performed yoga along with his surinamese counterpart desire delano boutersel while external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj joined the celebrations at the european parliament as yoga practitioners across the world today performed 'asanas' to mark the fourth international day of yoga.
president kovind, who is in the surinamese capital paramaribo on the second leg of his three-nation tour, and boutersel wearing round neck t-shirts joined dozens of yoga practitioners in this latin american country to perform the asanas.
extremely happy to have participated in #internationalyogaday celebrations - 14,000 kms away from india - at paramaribo with president bouterse of suriname.
i thank all the yogis who joined us and made this event truly memorable, president kovind told the gathering.
this was the first time that heads of two countries together participated in the international day of yoga.
the united nations general assembly in december 2014 had declared that june 21 would be observed as international day of yoga every year.
in brussels, swaraj joined the yoga day celebrations at the yehudi menuhin space in the european parliament.
in pakistan, the indian high commission in islamabad celebrated the yoga day as a festival of health and well-being.
over 100 members of the diplomatic community and pakistani citizens from different walks of life joined the guided yoga and meditation sessions at the mission.
the yoga day celebrations were also held in different cities of pakistan, including karachi and lahore.
in nepal, a special mass yoga demonstration was held in the premises of nepal police training academy in capital kathmandu which was attended by hundreds of people despite rain since early morning.
nepal's deputy prime minister and defence minister ishwor pokharel, along with indian ambassador manjeev singh puri and hundreds of yoga enthusiasts, performed yoga postures in an hour-long event.
a massive yoga session was held at the holy premises of janaki temple in janakpur where governor ratneshwar lal kayastha and chief minister lalbabu raut attended the event.
in china, indian envoy gautam bambawale along with other diplomats, staff of the embassy, yoga teachers and students of a yoga centre participated in a colourful yoga event in beijing.
over 500 yoga lovers turned up to take part in over hour-long special yoga workout at the old indian embassy premises.
i would say tens of thousands took part in china.
but millions will be doing in their way either individually or in smaller groups, bambawale said.
the day is celebrated in 25 to 30 cities in different parts of china with larger turnouts, he said, adding that the popularity of yoga is going to increase not only in india but also in china.
in bangladesh, around 10,000 people attended the ancient indian discipline at bangabandhu national stadium in dhaka.
un ambassadors, diplomats, spiritual leaders, members of civil society and children participated in a flagship yoga day event organised yesterday by india's permanent mission to the un in new york.
they enthusiastically participated in the two-hour long yoga session with the theme of 'yoga for peace', performing different yoga asanas and exercises on colourful yoga mats spread across the expansive north lawn in the un headquarters.
today's world is incredibly complex.
we are challenged by an erosion of our core values and in many walks of life stress is given, delusion prevails especially amongst our youth.
yoga, deriving from the sanskrit word of unity, is so very apt for the united nations, amina mohammed, un deputy secretary-general, said in her address yesterday to mark the fourth anniversary of the international day of yoga.
voicing her deep appreciation to india for organising the yoga day event, mohammed underscored the importance of yoga in the overall well-being of individuals and even in various aspects of the world body's functioning.
india's permanent representative to the un ambassador syed akbaruddin, who joined those gathered in performing yoga exercises and asanas, said yoga has become even more relevant as the world is recognising the critical importance of moving towards more sustainable lifestyles, in tune with surroundings and more in harmony with nature.
an exhibition on yoga was inaugurated in the un building on june 18 and will run through june 22.
as in past years, yoga postures were projected through lasers on the north facade of the un headquarters building.
in gulf countries, yoga day celebrations were held in manama (bahrain), abu dhabi, dubai and ajman in uae.
united nations: taking aim at pakistan's role in nurturing terrorism, india's external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made a stirring call on monday for isolating islamabad if it does not join a global strategy against the malevolent force threatening the world.
warning the world that we do not know who this frankenstein's monster will devour next, she told the un general assembly in hindi, if we want to defeat terrorism, there is only one way -- that we unite across our differences, add steel to our resolve and inject urgency in our response.
and if any nation refuses to join this global strategy, then we must isolate it, said.
swaraj did not name pakistan in this part of her speech, but left little doubt who she was referring to.
while speaking specifically of relations with pakistan, she said, bahadur ali is a terrorist in our custody, whose confession is a living proof of pakistan's complicity in cross border terror.
ali was caught during a gun-battle on july 25, in kashmir's kupwara district.
in our midst, there are nations that still speak the language of terrorism, that nurture it, peddle it, and export it, she said.
to shelter terrorists has become their calling card.
we must identify these nations and hold them to account.
these nations, in which un declared terrorists roam freely, lead processions and deliver their poisonous sermons of hate with impunity, are as culpable as the very terrorists they harbour.
such countries should have no place in the comity of nations.
these ranged from major initiatives like prime minister narendra modi's impromptu visit to lahore and her own islamabad trip, to minor gestures of amity like eid greetings, and wishes for the success of its cricket team.
watch sushmaswaraj swaraj's full speech here:we took the initiative to resolve issues not on the basis of conditions, but on the basis of friendship, she said.
that was a direct rebuttal to pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif's assertion last week that india was imposing conditions for talks with his nation.
in the past india has stated at the un that the only condition was that terrorism should be stopped.
we have in fact attempted a paradigm of friendship in the last two years which is without precedent, she said.
and what did we get in return?
it persists in the belief that such attacks will enable it to obtain the territory it covets.
my firm advice to pakistan is: abandon this dream.
let me state unequivocally that jammu and kashmir is an integral part of india and will always remain so.
outside the un the pakistani protest against india over kashmir failed to materialise in time for swaraj's speech.
only three protesters were at the barricades while she spoke.
one of them said that they were expecting two to three hundred protesters from washington and other places later in the day.
swaraj also hit out against what she termed as sharif's baseless allegations about human rights violations in my country.
i can only say that those accusing others of human rights violations would do well to introspect and see what egregious abuses they are perpetrating in their own country, including in balochistan, she said.
the brutality against the baloch people represents the worst form of state oppression.
' terrorists do not own banks or weapons factories, so let us ask the real question: who finances these terrorists, who arms them and provides sanctuaries?
these questions had also been asked by afghanistan, a victim of pakistan-based terrorism, she said.
last wednesday, afghanistan's vice president sarwar danesh, who raised these issues, pointed to pakistan and asked, where are the leaders of the taliban and a1-qaeda residing, and where were they killed?
at this very moment, where are the leaders of the taliban and haqqani network located?
we, who have suffered in uri recently, understand the pain inflicted by the same forces, she said referring to the recent cross-border terrorist attack that killed 18 soldiers.
despite the blood and tears of innocent victims, attacks this year alone in kabul and dhaka, istanbul and mogadishu, brussels and bangkok, paris, pathankot and uri as well as daily barbaric tragedies in syria and iraq, remind us that these malevolent forces are yet to be defeated,a she added.
although prime minister narendra modi was not here, the ground had been well-prepared for the message on terrorism and pakistan that swaraj delivered.
modi met several world leaders at the g-20 meeting in china earlier this month and in other forums.
india's vice president mohammed hamid ansari led india at the nonaligned summit in venezuela this month, where he and his team presented india's case to the movement's 120 members.
minister of state for external affairs m.j. akbar spent last week in meetings with a host of leaders including a president, a prime minister and several foreign ministers making india's case.
reflecting swaraj's remark about the global impact of terrorism and the concern it invokes, singapore's foreign minister vivian balakrishnan, who followed her on the podium, declared, terrorism remains a clear and present threat to international peace and security.
diplomats who have been following the assembly debates said that of the nearly 180 countries that have spoken as of monday morning at the un at least 90 percent had specifically expressed their concern about terrorism.
swaraj spoke on the last day of the annual assembly summit.
the order of speakers is determined by the hierarchy of leadership and foreign ministers are among the last on the roster.
by monday, most of the presidents and prime ministers had left new york and tight security was loosened as the city and un moved towards an atmosphere of normalcy.
swaraj appealed to the assembly to act on the comprehensive convention on international terrorism (ccit) that india proposed in 1996 but is still languishing.
because of this failure, we are unable to develop a norm under which terrorists shall be prosecuted or extradited.
on the other major issue of importance to india that has stalled for over two decades in the assembly, she said, just as we need a more contemporary approach to combating terrorism, we also need a less outdated security council that continues to reflect the world order of an earlier era.
she said the un should move forward with the negotiations for reforms based on the agenda text already accepted.
an expansion in the permanent and non-permanent membership of the council to reflect contemporary realities is therefore, an urgent necessity.
during her speech she also touched on global issues like climate change and development.
on october 2 - gandhi jayathi - india will deposit the instrument of ratification of the paris agreement on climate change, she said.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday got in touch with india's ambassador to norway following reports that a five-year-old indian child was separated from his parents, who have been accused of beating him up.
i have asked the indian ambassador in norway to send me a report, sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted.
according to reports, the child was taken from his kindergarten school on december 13 without the parents being informed and is being kept at a children's welfare home some 150 km away from norwegian capital oslo.
his mother, gurvinderjit kaur, was also taken into custody and was subjected to interrogation.
the child's father, anil kumar, who runs an indian restaurant, has denied all the allegations and said that his son was asthmatic.
this is the third such case in norway involving indian children.
in 2011, a three-year-old and a one-year-old were separated from their parents but were later reunited when the upa government took up the issue with norwegian authorities.
in another case of alleged child abuse in december 2012, a seven-year-old and a two-year-old were separated from their parents.
the mother got a 15-month prison term and the father was jailed for 18 months.
the two children were sent to the custody of their grandparents in hyderabad.
narendra modi and aung san suu kyi at the meeting between the two countries.
(photo | @meaindia/ twitter)new delhi: india and myanmar on wednesday agreed to coordinate with each other on border security as prime minister narendra modi reaffirmed new delhi's commitment to help develop myanmar.
as close and friendly neighbours, the security interests of india and myanmar are closely aligned, modi said in the presence of myanmar state counsellor aung san suu kyi after delegation level talks between the two sides.
we have agreed that a close coordination to ensure security in the areas along our border, and sensitivity to each other's strategic interests, will serve the interests of both our countries, modi said.
india shares a 1,600-km border with myanmar.
security has been an issue with insurgent groups from the northeast taking refuge in myanmar territory.
in august, the indian army reportedly carried out surgical strikes in myanmar after national socialist council of nagaland-khaplang (nscn-k) militants fled to myanmar from mon in nagaland after being attacked.
stating that india had a robust development cooperation programme with myanmar, modi mentioned the kaladan multi-modal transport project linking sittwe port in myanmar with mizoram and the trilateral highway connecting india, myanmar and thailand among others.
from the mega connectivity projects like kaladan and trilateral highway, to projects in the fields of human resource development, healthcare, training and capacity building, we are sharing our resources and expertise with myanmar.
india's nearly $1.
75 billion of development assistance is centered on people and is in line with the priorities of myanmar government and its people.
the prime minister said that in wednesday's talks, both sides agreed to enhance engagement in several areas including agriculture, power, renewable energy and power sector.
india and myanmar signed three mous following the talks - one on cooperation in power sector, another on banking supervision and a third on designing an academic and professional building programme for the insurance industry of myanmar.
india will develop a varietal development and seed production centre in yezin in myanmar to enhance the quality of seeds, modi said.
we will also work to develop a mutually beneficial arrangement for trade in pulses, he added.
modi said india had offered to scale up power supply from moreh in manipur to tamu in myanmar and also partner in a pilot led electrification project at a site designated by myanmar.
according to the prime minister, the archaeological survey of india will soon begin work on restoring two old temples and inscriptions of king mindon and king baygyidaw at bodh gaya in bihar.
commending suu kyi for her leadership and commitment to take myanmar forward, he said, as a reliable partner and friend, india stands shoulder to shoulder with you.
on her part, suu kyi said myanmar wanted to work with india not just for friendship but for peace and stability in the region and beyond.
she said myanmar wanted a rule of just laws and for this we look forward to the experiences of the lok sabha and other legislative bodies.
we believe india with its experience can help us in our endeavours, she added.
suu kyi met modi on the third and concluding day of her state visit to india.
on tuesday, she met president pranab mukherjee and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
though suu kyi is not the president as myanmar's constitution bars her from holding the post, the nobel peace laureate is effectively the de facto ruler of the country.
this is the first official visit of suu kyi to new delhi since her national league for democracy assumed power in myanmar in march this year.
before reaching new delhi on monday, she attended the brics-bimstec outreach summit in goa.
new delhi: in a direct contact with the new dispensation in the us, india will be hosting two delegations of us congressmen and will apprise them of india's concerns on the h-1b visa.
sources indicate that security and economic issues will be on the agenda of lawmakers' delegation, which starts its visit beginning feb 20th.
interaction with the congressmen is important as in the past the us congress has helped in securing india's national interest by vetoing an arms sale to pakistan.
so far there have only been telephonic conversations between prime minister narendra modi and us president donald trump; as well as between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and us secretary of state rex tillerson.
the delegations comprising 27 members will be working towards this as well.
if modi's visit to the us does not materialize, the two leaders will be meeting at the g-20 summit in july for the first time.
the delegations will be meeting senior government and political functionaries.
the first delegation will start its visit from new delhi and proceed to hyderabad.
the second delegation will also visit delhi first before proceeding to bengaluru.
new delhi: bombarded with requests to airlift patients from different countries, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today expressed her inability to accede to such demands.
i receive many requests for air ambulance from indian abroad, swaraj tweeted while tagging a twitterati who wanted rs 23 lakh for air ambulance.
i wish i had enough funds to airlift all indian patients from various countries of the world, she said.
swaraj also retweeted some of the requests she has received over the past few months.
her comments also come in the backdrop of criticism by a twitterati after she tweeted on monday about a crash of an air ambulance near bangkok and the death of its pilot.
new delkh: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today appealed to the indian workers, who have lost their jobs in saudi arabia, to return to india by september 25 failing which they have to make their own arrangements for boarding, lodging and return journey.
@gen_vksingh visited saudi arabia twice to resolve the problems of indian workers rendered unemployed due to closure of companies there.
my advice to all such indian workers is that they should file their claims and return home by 25th september 2016.
we will bring them back free of charge.
this is the minister's second appeal to indian workers.
earlier on sunday, she had said when saudi government settles with the companies which have closed down, the dues of the workers will also be paid, asserting that settlement of claims will take time and that there was no point in waiting in saudi arabia indefinitely.
earlier this month, minister of state for external affairs v k singh had rushed to saudi arabia after large number of indian workers sought indian government's intervention in taking up their difficulties with the saudi authorities.
he had also gone to saudi arabia last week to resolve the matter.
the saudi government, then, had agreed to swiftly resolve plight of the laid-off indian workers including providing them free passage to return to india and clearing their unpaid dues.
thousands of indian workers have lost their jobs due to slowdown in saudi economy, triggered by low oil prices and cut in spending by the government.
the three worst affected companies are saud oger, saudi bin laden and saad group.
the indian government had requested the saudi authorities to give the unemployed indian workers exit visas without noc (no-objection certificate) from employers and also urged it to clear the dues of workers who have not been paid for months, whenever they settle the accounts with the companies concerned.
as per rules, no foreign employee can leave the country without noc by the employers.
the saudi government also agreed to allow transfer of indian employees, who have lost their jobs, to any other company within saudi arabia.
as per rules, foreign employees cannot change jobs with permission of the company where they were employed.
by uninew delhi: the second overseas national war memorial for indian soldiers will be inaugurated at villers-guislain in france on november 10 to commemorate all those who fought and lost their lives during the first world war in 1914-18.
the first national memorial was built in belgium a decade ago.
vice president venkaiah naidu is expected to inaugurate the memorial.
also read | artists claim bias against world war i indian soldiers by british armythe united service institution of india (usi), which is one of the oldest military think-tanks, has initiated the work with the help of the indian army and the government.
the memorial has been erected at a small village named villers guislain.
dafadar gobind singh got the victoria award for fierce fighting at this battlefield only in december 1917.
it is in this battle that the tank was used,  said usi secretary sqn ldr rts chhina (retd).
this memorial would also be distinguished as it will have the state emblem of india.
the united kingdom is also supporting the usi in this cause.
the objective of the centenary commemorations is three-fold --- to revive the memory of a forgotten legion and to honour its sacrifice, to build bridges with partner nations through acknowledgement of a shared past and to highlight the futility of war and the urgent need to work towards its eradication as a means of settling disputes among nations, said usi director lt gen pk singh (retd).
indian army contributed a large number of divisions and independent brigades to the european, mediterranean and the middle east theatres of war in world war i.over 1.
5 million indian troops served overseas, of whom over 70,000 died and another 67,000 were wounded.
the usi has also brought into the mainstream the descendants of those soldiers who fought and died during the war.
it has also got response from pakistan, which formed a part of undivided india at the time of world wars.
however, the pakistan government did not take much of an interest in such activities.
the french government gave around 1000 meters of land at a token cost of euro one.
they were of the view that a memorial should be created for those india soldiers who fought for liberating the parts of france.
by ptipietermaritzburg: the world looks up to india and south africa for providing leadership, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said as she recalled the role of iconic leaders mahatma gandhi and nelson mandela in giving hope to those facing injustice and discrimination.
swaraj was the keynote speaker at a banquet at the city hall here marking the 125th anniversary of the day when on june 7, 1893, mohandas karamchand gandhi, a young lawyer then, was thrown off a train compartment reserved for whites only.
the world is a better place because of us.
the world has much to gain from us.
the world looks up to us to provide leadership.
she asserted.
she said the two leaders gave hope to the enslaved people of this world, whether under colonialism or apartheid.
it was in pietermaritzburg that hope was redefined by two of the greatest leaders of our times.
they gave hope to the developing countries, especially india and african nations, by finally freeing them from the yoke of colonialism.
pietermaritzburg railway station is where a young mahatma gandhi was thrown out of a train compartment.
the 1893 incident proved to be a turning point in gandhi's fight against racial discrimination in south africa.
she quoted mandela when he officially unveiled a statue of gandhi here 25 years ago, in his speech, mandela said 'now more than ever is the time when we have to pay heed to the lessons of mahatma gandhi'.
swaraj lauded the role of indian-origin south africans in the struggle for freedom.
the history of south africa is full of tales of individuals who gave up their today for a better tomorrow.
the story of the people of indian-origin is a story of undaunted determination and courage, as they made sacrifices in south africa's long struggle against colonialism and apartheid, she said.
swaraj recalled the support that india provided to south africa at international forums during its struggle against apartheid.
india was the first country to sever trade relations with the apartheid government in 1946, and subsequently imposed a complete diplomatic, commercial, cultural and sports embargo on south africa.
the african national congress maintained a representative office in new delhi from the 1960 onwards.
and at the end of apartheid, india immediately re-established relations with south africa in 1993.
since then there have been a steady consolidation of our close and friendly ties with south africa, both bilaterally and through brics, ibsa and other regional and multilateral fora, she said.
swaraj also highlighted the participation by south african youth in various programmes run by india.
youth are our emissaries for the future.
i am happy to learn that in 2017-18, 28 young men and women from south africa visited india through the know india programme.
last year, 48 south african went on the itec and iccr african scholarship programmes to india, the minister said.
new delhi: the ministry of external affairs (mea) on friday said india has urged the united states to provide details of the cases of 271 illegal immigrants whom washington wants new delhi to take back.
this is an ongoing matter.
the u.s. authorities had conveyed to us sometime back that out of certain statistics provided to them earlier, 271 cases remained to be addressed.
however, no details of these cases were provided.
we have asked for the same, mea official spokesperson gopal baglay said.
the trump administration recently informed india that it is targeting for deportation more than 270 indian nationals living in the united states illegally, the washington post reported.
there is growing concern in india over treatment of its citizens in the united states after a high-profile shooting of an indian computer engineer in olathe, kan.
, in february, and other suspected hate crimes.
the revised ban was announced this month and would have banned people from iran, libya, somalia, sudan, syria, and yemen from entering the u.s. for 90 days and all refugees for 120 days.
unlike the previous executive order, the revised one removed iraq from the list of banned countries, exempted those with green cards and visas, and removed a provision that arguably prioritizes certain religious minorities.
by ptimadrid: india and spain discussed the recent terrorist attack in kashmir and reviewed the security situation in the region, as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj held talks with her spanish counterpart josep borrell on issues of bilateral and international importance.
swaraj, who arrived here on tuesday on a two-day tour of the european nation, also discussed issues of economic importance like industrial and technological cooperation, the civil use of nuclear energy, transport, the rail industry and renewable energies was explored, according to an official statement by the spanish foreign ministry.
swaraj was warmly received by borrell at the viana palace, his official residence, ahead of the meeting.
the meeting, which was their third in five months, took place following a meeting between prime minister narendra modi and president of the government of spain pedro sanches on december 1 during the g20 summit in argentina, and after borrell's trip to new delhi to take part in the raisina dialogue.
during the meeting, both ministers were able to evidence the excellent bilateral relations between the two countries and analyse some of the most important issues on the bilateral and international agenda, the statement said.
they also discussed the security situation in the region, especially in view of the most recent terrorist attacks in kashmir, the statement said.
in a deadly terror attack, a suicide bomber from the pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammed group drove his explosives-laden vehicle into a crpf bus on february 14, killing 40 personnel in pulwama district of jammu and kashmir.
india and spain also hailed each other on the signing of the memorandum of understanding on water resources between the two nations.
the meeting reflected the understanding between the two counterparts, who share values, democratic principles and a common outlook on international matters such as the promotion of multilateralism and a free rules-based trading system, the statement said.
on behalf of the government, swaraj also accepted the prestigious grand cross of order of civil merit conferred by spain in recognition of india's support in evacuating 71 spanish nationals during april 2015 nepal earthquake.
by ptitehran: india and iran, after suffering from two heinous terrorist attacks in the past few days, have agreed on close cooperation to combat terrorism in the region as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met the country's deputy foreign minister seyed abbas araghchi here.
the meeting between swaraj and araghchi came hours after iran's major general mohammad ali jafari, referring to paistan-based terror outfit jaish al-adl, said the government of pakistan must pay the price of harbouring these terrorist groups and this price will undoubtedly be very high.
iran's revolutionary guards accused pakistan's security forces of supporting the perpetrators of a suicide bombing in which 27 troops were killed on wednesday.
india has also blamed pakistan for the pulwama terror attack on thursday that killed 40 crpf troops.
swaraj, during a brief stopover in tehran on her way to bulgaria, met deputy foreign minister araghchi and discussed bilateral issues on saturday.
the two countries agreed on close cooperation to combat terrorism in the region.
iran and india suffered from two heinous terrorist attacks in the past few days resulted in big casualties.
today in my meeting with sushmaswaraj swaraj the indian fm, when she had a stopover in tehran, we agreed on close cooperation to combat terrorism in the region.
enough is enough!
araghchi said in a tweet.
iran & india suffered from two heinous terrorist attacks in the past few days resulted in big casualties.
today in my meeting with sushmaswaraj swaraj the indian fm, when she had a stopover in tehran, we agreed on close cooperation to combat terrorism in the region.
enough is enough!
pic.
twitter.com/uvwlx45pz6  seyed abbas araghchi (@araghchi) february 16, 2019in iran, tens of thousands of people called for revenge at the funeral of the troops killed in a suicide attack by terrorists.
tehran has accused pakistan of supporting them.
in india, at least 40 crpf personnel were killed and five injured in one of the deadliest terror attacks in jammu and kashmir when a jaish-e-mohammad (jem) suicide bomber rammed a vehicle with explosives into their bus.
pakistan-based terror group jem claimed responsibility for the attack on the crpf convoy.
in a major diplomatic offensive against islamabad after the attack, india has highlighted pakistan's role in using terrorism as an instrument of state policy.
thiruvananthapuram: chief minister pinarayi vijayan has urged prime minister narendra modi and union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to urgently intervene to ensure the safety of indians working in qatar in the wake of the unrest in west asia.
of around 6.
5 lakh indians in qatar, around 3 lakh are from kerala.
considering the gravity of the issue, the union government should immediately intervene to address the concerns of indians.
necessary instructions should be given to the indian embassy in doha, the cm has requested.
the cm got in touch with the centre in the wake of recent developments, including four arab nations cutting diplomatic ties with qatar.
by iansnew delhi: amid pakistan prime minister imran khan batting for friendly ties with india, army chief general bipin rawat on wednesday said the kartarpur corridor initiative should be seen in isolation while reminding of the centre's stance of terror and talks can't go together.
also read: kartarpura corridor will act as bridge between india, pakistan, says pm modipeople keep saying give peace a chance, something should happen but see what our government has said, rawat told the media here on queries on imran's appeal as well as khalistani gopal chawla being seen with pakistan army chief general qamar javed bajwa during the kartarpur corridor inauguration.
this needs to be seen in isolation, kartarpur should be seen in isolation, do not link this to anybody else.
this is a unilateral decision and has no links with other things, added rawat.
earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj ruled out any dialogue with pakistan unless it stopped sponsoring terrorism, saying talks and terror cannot go together.
she said that though india welcomes the development of the kartarpur corridor, it will not have any dialogue with islamabad till it stops sponsoring terrorism.
by online deskchina sent a condolence message to india on saturday, a day after it condemned the pulwama terror attack, in which over 40 crpf personnel were killed.
however, the message had no mention of pakistan or jaish-e-mohammed (jem) terrorists.
in the letter addressing to the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, china conveyed deep sympathy to the families of the martyred jawans.
though china expressed shock over the incident, it has made very clear that the country won't back new delhi's appeal to list the un-proscribed pakistan-based terror group's chief masood azhar as a 'global terrorist'.
as many as 48 countries, including the us, russia, france, germany condemned the ghastly terror attack that shook the nation on thursday.
read | covert op, terrorist bounties, water card: experts mull options to hit back at pakistan(screengrab | embassy of peoples republic of china in the republic of india)the white house warned pakistan to immediately stop providing support and safe haven to all its terror groups.
new delhi: india has not attacked any country and neither is it hungry to grab anyone's land, but its men have made the supreme sacrifice fighting for the national cause and others, prime minister narendra modi said today.
his comments came in the backdrop of pakistan's constant clamour for highlighting the kashmir issue at the international fora.
india has not attacked anyone.
it is neither hungry for land.
but in the two world wars (in which india had no direct stake), 1.
5 lakh indian soldiers had laid down their lives, the prime minister said at the inauguration ceremony of the pravasi bharatiya kendra.
modi said the indian community abroad did not believe in indulging in politics or grabbing power in foreign lands.
they, on the other hand, mingle with other communities by following the principle of social well being.
he lamented that despite the great price, the country could not make the world realise the importance of its sacrifice.
he said whenever he was abroad, he made it a point to visit the memorials for the indian soldiers.
the prime minister said the indian community can contribute to the cause.
he said indians settled abroad do not indulge in politics and neither do they believe in grabbing power there.
indians, modi noted, lived abroad with the principle of social well being.
they are like water.
they change their colour and shape as per need, he said.
the prime minister said there were countries where the indian community was more powerful than the indian missions and could help removing the fear of unknown amongst the people there towards india.
while much was spoken about brain drain, if the strength of the indian diaspora was channelised, we can convert it into 'brain gain', he said.
like dams channelise the energy of water to make electricity, a source is required to utilise the energy of the 2.
45 crore strong indian diaspora to light up india, modi said.
he also commended the role of the ministry of external affairs in helping people of nepal in the aftermath of the devastating earthquake and pulling out indians and other nationals from hotspots like yemen.
modi said the mea has made a place for itself and the world now accepts india as a major contributor in extending humanitarian aid.
other countries, he said, now seek indian help in pulling out their citizens from trouble spots.
since india will definitely be evacuating its citizens, please help us pull out our people as well, he quoted calls of helps from various nations as saying.
modi also released a booklet carrying a series of protocols to be followed to get rid of diabetics through yoga.
she said the indian diaspora has preserved indian traditions, festivals and languages alive in foreign lands.
it is an image of the indian community which keeps the head of india high abroad, she said.
hyderabad: a father from hyderabad, who claimed he did not get response from ministry of external affairs (mea) after requesting that his daughter, who is kept in captivity in pakistan from past five years, to be brought back to india, has written to mea minister sushmaswaraj swaraj again.
in his letter addressed to sushmaswaraj swaraj, father mohd akber from bandlaguda stated that his daughter mohammadi begum was married to mahammed younus who claimed to be an omani national but it turned out that he is a pakistani.
younus cheated the family and married mohammadi begum while he was working in muscat, oman.
akber said she is being tortured and not given food and medicines.
inaction on my complaint dated: 5 january, 2017-illegal detention of my daughter mohammadi begum in pakistan by her husband to rescue and bring back her to india, he mentioned in the letter.
new delhi: asserting indias stand that islamabad cannot take kashmir issue to the international court of justice and the issue has be to resolved bilaterally.
india wants to settle all issues with pakistan throughhighlighting the achievement of the modi governments three years of achievements, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj reiterated indias stand that india wants to settle all issues with pakistani through dialogue, but talks and terror cannot go together.
while denying any flip-flop on the part of government in handling pakistan, the minister ruled out any meeting between prime minister narendra modi and his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif during this weeks kazakhstan visit of both leaders at shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit on june-8-9.
the shimla agreement and lahore declaration are very clear on kashmir issue that it can only be resolved bilaterally.
the two countries are bound by these bilateral agreements.
in support of her argument, she referred some cases pending at other courts such as hyderabad nizam funds case in the uk court and issues pertaining to indus waters treaty before the world bank.
on pakistan's contention that it will raise jurisdiction on the merit of the jadhav case, she said india has a very strong argument and it will win the case.
she also made it clear that india's case was based on pakistan's violation of vienna convention under which consular access was not only essential but compulsory.
india has made 16 requests to pakistan to grant access to jadhav, who was sentenced to death by a pakistani military court on charges of involvement in espionage and sabotage activities against the country.
on the issue of us president donald trumps allegations on climate deal, sushmaswaraj denied it strongly by saying that india signed the paris agreement not under duress or for lure of money but due to its commitment to protect environment, while making it new delhis commitment to the climate deal even in absence of us.
india signed the paris climate pact not because of pressure from any country or due to lure of money.
our signature in the pact was not because of greed, it was not because of fear.
we signed it due to our commitment to protecting the environment, she said.
she asserted that india signed the pact because of indian culture and ethos.
this commitment is 5,000 years old.
we worship rivers, trees and mountains.
this is india's ethos, it is our cultural heritage.
if someone says we signed the pact due to lure of money and pressure from someone, it is wrong.
i reject both these allegations.
by ptiislamabad: pakistan has invited external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to visit the country to attend the groundbreaking ceremony of the kartarpur corridor next week, foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi said on saturday.
a long-pending demand of the sikh community to build a religious corridor linking india's border district of gurdaspur with a historic gurudwara in pakistan may finally be fulfilled with both the countries announcing that stretches would be developed in their respective areas.
prime minister imran khan will inaugurate the groundbreaking ceremony of the facilities on the pakistani side on november 28.
apart from swaraj, qureshi also invited punjab chief minister amarinder singh and cabinet minister navjot singh sidhu to the ceremony.
on behalf of pakistan i have extended an invitation to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, capt amarinder singh & navjot singh sidhu to attend the groundbreaking ceremony at kartarpura on nov 28, 2018, qureshi tweeted.
on behalf of pakistan i have extended an invitation to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj @sushmaswaraj ,capt amarinder singh @capt_amarinder & navjot singh sidhu @sherryontopp to attend the groundbreaking ceremony at #kartarpura on 28 nov, 2018.
#pakistankartarpuraspirit  shah mahmood qureshi (@smqureshipti) november 24, 2018official sources said that proper invitation letters were also dispatched to them.
also read | kartarpura corridor will act as bridge between india, pakistan: pm modiindia's cabinet cleared a proposal thursday to develop a corridor from dera baba nanak in punjab's gurdaspur district to the international border to facilitate indian pilgrims to visit gurdwara darbar sahib in kartarpur, pakistan.
amarinder singh has invited chaudhry pervaiz elahi, the speaker of the assembly in pakistan's punjab province, to attend a similar ceremony on the indian side on november 26, according to officials here.
pakistan foreign office on friday said the kartarpur spirit can be a step forward in the right direction from conflict to cooperation, animosity to peace and enmity to friendship.
amritsar : the two-day heart of asia summit will begin here on saturday with the focus on stabilising war-ravaged afghanistan.
with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj indisposed, finance minister arun jaitley will represent india in the groups sixth ministerial conference.
prime minister narendra modi and afghanistan president ashraf ghani will jointly inaugurate the ministerial deliberations on december 4.
pakistan prime minister nawaz sharifs foreign policy advisor sartaj aziz is scheduled to attend the conference on the same day.
however, no bilateral meeting is expected during the conference as new delhi has already clarified that it has not officially received a request for any bilateral meeting from islamabad.
over 40 foreign ministers and dignitaries from china, russia, iran, uae, usa, canada and france besides the eu will participate in the conference.
the last heart of asia ministerial conference which was held in islamabad in december 2015.
indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj attended that conference.
the heart of asia-istanbul process was founded in istanbul in turkey in november 2011.
fourteen asian countries attended it.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today offered to extend the visa of a british couple, who had a baby this may through surrogacy in india and face the prospect of leaving her in an orphanage as they have not been able to procure a passport for her.
chris & michele newman - orphanage is not an option for baby lily.
we will help u with extension of your visa.
pl give your details.
the couple had come india on a medical visa that expired on september 7 and was subsequently extended for one month.
now their visa expires on october 7 and a british passport for the baby has to be obtained by that time.
the couple has started a petition on 'change.
org', saying they have been left stranded because of delays due to uk passport office (hmpo) checks.
lily's application for her uk passport has been with the passport office since 3rd june, but processing delays with the international checks at the uk passport office have meant we are now left stranded  with no idea about when we will make it home.
to make matters worse we have been given a deadline of 7th october to leave india, so must have lilys passport in our possession by this time or we must leave without her, the petition says.
swaraj, who has faced flak from some quarters for her defence of the centre's plan to ban commercial surrogacy in india, also used the matter to take a dig at critics and also questioned the british authorities.
will the advocates of commercial surrogacy suggest a solution and help this baby?
commercial surrogacy is banned in britain.
will british government give a british passport to this surrogate baby?
should orphanage be the destiny of a surrogate baby?
she had posted on twitter yesterday.
by ptinew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tuesday spoke to her counterparts in the us, china, singapore, bangladesh and afghanistan and briefed them about the pre-dawn strike on the jaish-e-mohammed terrorist training camp in pakistan, official sources said.
in her telephonic conversation with us secretary of mike pompeo, swaraj explained the reasons behind the strike and conveyed that the action was specifically targeted at the jem camp.
she also spoke to chinese foreign minister wang yi and apprised him about the non-military, pre-emptive air strikes, the sources said.
they said she also briefed her counterparts from singapore, bangladesh and afghanistan on the strike.
separately, foreign secretary vijay gokhale apprised the envoys of all major countries including from the united states, russia, china, france and the united kingdom, the sources said.
envoys of sri lanka, maldives, afghanistan, bhutan, turkey and indonesia were also briefed about the air strike.
the mea's respective divisions looking after relations with specific countries briefed their envoys on the strike.
the diplomatic corps feel very satisfied for the quick and organised manners in which the ministry of external affairs briefed all heads of missions, hans dannenberg castellanos, dean of diplomatic corps said.
we received the information that it was a direct attack to limited and specific objectives with no military and civilian casualties, he said.
the envoy of the dominican republic said india conveyed to heads of the missions that it has no intention to escalate tension with pakistan, and will act responsibly.
hours after the strike, gokhale told the media that a very large number of jem terrorists, trainers, senior commanders and groups of jihadis who were being trained for fidayeen action were eliminated.
credible intelligence was received that jem was attempting another suicide terror attack in various parts of the country, and the fidayeen jihadis were being trained for this purpose.
in the face of imminent danger, a preemptive strike became absolutely necessary, he said.
indore: amid apprehensions of a clampdown on h-1b visa by the us, union minister of state for external affairs v k singh today said his ministry is making all efforts in safeguarding the interests of indian citizens.
the external affairs ministry is active in this direction (us president donald trump's plan on h-1b visa) and we are making all efforts to safeguard the interests of indian citizens, singh told mediapersons after inaugurating a passport sewa laghu kendra (pslk) here.
the centre, inaugurated by singh, along with lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan and chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, would cater to the needs of people in 15 districts of indore region.
on pakistan putting jamaat-ud-dawah (jud) chief hafiz saeed on house arrest, the union minister said, india's intentions and policies are clear and we don't need to talk more on this issue.
the results of our policies will be visible soon.
commenting on pakistan's absence from the south asian speakers' summit held at indore on february 18 and 19, singh said it did not make any difference.
while addressing the inauguration function, singh announced that passport services would be started in post offices of four cities of madhya pradesh including, vidisha, satna, jabalpur and gwalior.
vidisha lok sabha constituency is represented by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
he also asked chouhan to discuss with the state post master general about the possibility of opening passport centres in the post offices other districts of madhya pradesh.
the government has evolved an online transparent arrangement for issuing passport.
we want to decentralise this service to make it available at nearest point of theapplicants, singh said.
chouhan, during his address, said that the first passport service centre in madhya pradesh had been opened in 1978 in bhopal when atal bihari vajpayee was the external affairs minister and now the second centre has come up when sushmaswaraj swaraj was the foreign minister.
during her address, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan urged the union minister that international flights should be started from indore's devi ahilyabai holkar airport.
she said that air cargo facilities should also be launched here to facilitate the export from western madhya pradesh.
during this function, the chief minister also handed over the keys of a house to usha nagar, the wife of jogeshwar nagar, who attained martyrdom during an encounter with the militants in jammu and kashmir in 2015.
new delhi: india is using all options in its arsenal by engaging with the pakistan government and leveraging its influence with the us to put pressure on islamabad to see reason in the kulbhushan jadhav case.
the us national security advisor (nsa) hr mcmaster will visit india during the weekend and will meet prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, foreign secretary s jaishankar and his indian counterpart ajit doval.
doval is expected to raise the indefensible verdict of a pakistani military court to kulbhushan jadhav, an innocent retired indian navy officer, during the meeting.
however, spokesperson gopal baglay did not comment on the issue but said that the leadership is seized of the matter.
we will do all that is possible.
we are engaged and we are pursuing various options.
this is important as the united nations (un) has made it clear that it will not intervene in the matter.
while india is making all -out efforts to free the alleged spy, pakistan remains rigid in its stand.
at a corps commander conference organised in rawalpindi presided over by pakistan army chief general qamar bajwa, it was concluded that no compromise shall be made on such anti-state acts.
the indian government also invoked international norms the pakistan government was flouting by not giving them consular access to jadhav.
baglay said that it was difficult for india to verify pakistans claims that jadhav, a serving indian naval officer on an alleged spying mission entered pakistan with original indian passport.
india has also raised the matter of disappearance of kulbhushan jadhav from chahbahar port, where he was doing business legally with the iranian government.
the government will now follow up with iran to know the findings of its investigations.
as the national sentiment in india is focused on jadhav, pakistan military has also sent feelers that it is not in a hurry to execute him.
he is likely to be used as a bargaining chip in larger negotiations.
the handling of indians by pakistan in the past doesnt augur well for jadhav.
in what is an election year in pakistan, jadhavs release anytime soon is an unlikely affair and he is going to be involved in a long-drawn process in the country before his fate is decided.
india might be taking a leaf out of its experience with what happened in the case of surjeet singh and sarabjit singh.
both of them had spent decades in pakistan jail before the former was released and the latter was killed by jail inmates in a brawl.
sarabjits sister, dalbir kaur, who had fought tooth and nail to save her brother who was on death row, has now declared that she would fight for jadhavs release.
the courts there do not see any proof, everything is fabricated.
in pakistan, fake cases are lodged and fake witnesses are produced in courts, she alleged.
by ptinew delhi: nepal's prime minister kp sharma oli will pay a three-day visit to india from april 6 during which he will hold talks with the top leadership here to strengthen the partnership between the two countries.
the upcoming visit will provide an opportunity to the two sides to review the wide-ranging cooperative partnership, and to progress it further for the benefit of the two peoples, a ministry of external affairs (mea) statement said.
oli, who is visiting india at the invitation of prime minister narendra modi, will hold talks with his indian counterpart and call on president ram nath kovind and vice president m venkaiah naidu during his trip.
a high-level delegation will accompany oli on his state visit to india, the mea said.
the nepalese premier, who will also be accompanied by his spouse radhika shakya oli, will visit the g.b.pant university of agriculture and technology in pantnagar, uttarakhand, during the visit.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and other ministers will call on the nepalese prime minister, the mea said.
india and nepal enjoy age-old, special ties of friendship and cooperation, it said.
new delhi: in what may spark a fresh controversy, bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader subramanian swamy on monday said the two indian clerics, who had gone missing in pakistan, were working against the nation.
they are lying in order to defend themselves and get sympathy.
they are saying that they were portrayed as research and analysis wing (raw) agent.
we cant trust them.
we have independent information that they are working against the nation, swamy told ani.
earlier in the day, hinting towards pakistan's conspiracy to convict innocent indians, one of the sufi clerics, said that one of the papers in the neighbouring country had printed false news of them being raw agents.
nazim nizami, one of the two clerics, told the reporters that a newspaper 'ummat' in pakistan printed false statements of them being raw spies.
there is a newspaper ummat (in pakistan) which has printed false statements (of the two clerics being raw spies) and photos, nizami told the media here.
the cleric thanked the indian government, prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, union home minister rajnath singh for their efforts.
the two clerics, syed asif ali nizami and his friend nazim nizami, marked a safe arrival in india earlier today.
the two clerics surfaced in karachi and told that they had gone to meet their devotees in interior sindh, where there was no phone connectivity.
the clerics belong to delhi's hazrat nizamuddin dargah.
syed asif ali nizami is the head priest of the dargah.
the duo had travelled to pakistan to visit their relatives in karachi and then embarked on a pilgrimage to lahore.
one of them went missing in karachi and the other in lahore, reports claimed.
the indian authorities had raised the issue with the pakistan foreign ministry seeking its help in tracing their missing citizens.
by ptinew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday met afghanistan's high peace council secretary umer daudzai, who briefed her on the outcome of the recently held 'loya jirga' or peace meeting in kabul.
a historic loya jirga peace summit in kabul was held earlier this month with delegates from across afghanistan demanding an immediate and permanent ceasefire, and president ashraf ghani saying he was conditionally prepared to implement the call.
eam @sushmaswaraj & foreign secretary met afghanistan's high peace council secretary & president ghani's special envoy @umerdaudzai2 ,who briefed the indian leadership on the outcome of the recently held loya jirga.
india expressed its support for sustainable peace in afghanistan pic.
twitter.com/xhbsmyt837 raveesh kumar (@meaindia) may 17, 2019the 'loya jirga' or grand assembly saw about 3,200 religious and tribal leaders, politicians and representatives try to find a breakthrough in afghanistan's gruelling conflict.
daudzai, who is also president ghani's special envoy, also met foreign secretary vijay gokhale.
new delhi: european union foreign policy chief federica mogherini today held talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on a range of issues including on preparations for the annual india-eu summit scheduled to be held here later this year.
mogherini also held delegation-level talks with minister of state for external affairs m j akbar during which they discussed progress on decisions taken during the annual summit in brussels last year.
mogherini is here on a two-day visit.
in the meeting, the eu side is understood to have pushed for early resumption of talks for the long-pending free trade pact between india and the eu.
india's bilateral investment pacts with several european countries are expiring and citing this, the eu has been strongly pushing for moving ahead with the free trade agreement which is known as the eu-india broad-based trade and investment agreement (btia).
the eu has been pressing india to extend by six months its bilateral investment pacts with several eu-member countries which are expiring soon, saying absence of the treaties could adversely impact trade ties and fta talks.
india's existing trade and investment pacts with the netherlands came to an end in november while similar pacts with several other eu countries are expiring in the coming months.
the eu has been maintaining that expiry of the pacts will make it difficult for european countries to go for fresh investments in india.
the body wants india to first give the extension to the pacts and then move ahead with btia.
the btia talks have been stalled since may 2013 when both sides failed to bridge substantial gaps on issues like data security status for the it sector.
launched in june 2007, negotiations for the proposed agreement have witnessed many hurdles as both sides have major differences on crucial issues.
in the last eu-india summit in brussels, the two sides had failed to make any announcement on resumption of the negotiations as many bottlenecks still remained.
the two sides are yet to iron out issues related to tariff and movement of professionals but the eu has shown an inclination to restart talks.
besides demanding significant duty cuts in automobiles, the eu wants tax reduction in wines, spirits and dairy products, and a strong intellectual property regime.
on the other hand, india is asking the eu to grant it 'data secure nation' status.
the country is among nations not considered data secure by the eu.
new dwlhi: a 46-year-old indian has been abducted in malaysia and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has directed the indian mission in that country to send her a report about the case so that he can be rescued.
we are taking this abduction very seriously.
i have asked indian high commissioner in malaysia to keep me informed on daily basis, she tweeted.
her response came after the family of keshpal singh, who is missing in malaysia for over 20 days, sought her intervention.
@sushmaswaraj ji pls help he has been kidnapped by someone.
he asked for money yesterday#sos malay police isn't helping @meaindia #malaysia, tweeted keshpal's son yogendra.
keshpal has been working in malaysian capital kuala lumpur for last five years.
by ptimale: prime minister narendra modi said india will help promote cricket in the maldives and fulfil president ibrahim mohamed solih's mission to develop the sport in the country to consolidate people-to-people relations.
modi gifted a cricket bat to solih signed by the indian cricket team after holding bilateral talks.
connected by cricket!
my friend, president solih is an ardent cricket fan, so i presented him a cricket bat that has been signed by team india playing at the cwc2019, modi said on twitter.
connected by cricket!
my friend, president @ibusolih is an ardent cricket fan, so i presented him a cricket bat that has been signed by #teamindia playing at the #cwc19.
pic.
twitter.com/g0pggaz60e  narendra modi (@narendramodi) june 8, 2019india is helping in training maldivian cricket players and bringing it up to the requisite standard, the external affairs ministry said in new delhi on thursday.
india is also looking into constructing a stadium in the island nation which is another request made by it, foreign secretary vijay gokhale said.
he said the ministry is working with the board of control for cricket in india (bcci) to train maldivian cricketers.
a team from the bcci visited the maldives earlier in may for training of maldivian cricketers, organising coaching programmes and supply of kits, he said.
read | india to gift cricket stadium, radar system to maldives during pm modi's visitto consolidate people-to-people relations, modi's latest emphasis is on cricket diplomacy in the island nation, helping the mission of president solih to develop cricket, official sources said.
in april, solih attended an indian premier league (ipl) match in bengaluru and subsequently expressed interest to develop a cricket team in the maldives and sought india's assistance in training this team and bringing it up to the requisite standard.
modi arrived in the maldives on saturday on his first foreign visit after re-election as prime minister to strengthen the bilateral ties.
while modi visited the maldives in november 2018 to attend president solih's swearing-in, this visit is the first by an indian prime minister at a bilateral level in eight years.
the two-day state visit of prime minister modi is aimed at further cementing ties with the indian ocean archipelago.
india in march assured the maldives that it will positively consider its request to help build a cricket stadium in the island nation during then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's visit.
a joint statement at the end of swaraj's visit to the maldives in march said that the maldivian side requested indian assistance for the construction of a cricket stadium.
the indian side agreed to positively consider the request, it said.
cricket board of maldives governs the gentleman's game in the island nation.
it became a member of the asian cricket council and an affiliate of the international cricket council in 1998.
the maldives national cricket team represents the country in international cricket.
it made its twenty20 international debut in january this year after the international cricket council decided to grant full twenty20 international (t20i) status to all its members.
indians are the second largest expatriate community in the maldives with approximate strength of around 22,000.
by uninew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman will visit the united states for the first meeting of the '2+2 dialogue' on july 6 with secretary of state michael r pompeo and secretary of defence james n mattis.
this new dialogue format was agreed to between the two sides during the visit of prime minister narendra modi to washington dc on june 25-26, 2017, the ministry of external affairs said.
the two sides are expected to share perspectives on strengthening their strategic and security ties and exchange views on a range of bilateral, regional and global issues of mutual interest.
thiruvananthapuram: kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan today sought the centre's intervention to ensure safety of 6.
5 lakh indians, including keralites, residing in qatar following recent developments in the middle east.
in letters to prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, vijayan said he was writing the letter in the context of the developing geo-political situation in the middle east today.
as you are aware millions of indians are working in countries in the middle east and therefore the geo-political developments in the region have raised deep concerns among the people in the state since each family has at least one family member or a relative in the region, he said.
there are about 6.
5 lakh indians in qatar, of which nearly three lakh people hail from kerala, vijayan said, expressing concern on their safety and employment in qatar.
i would like to place on record the full support of our state to the considered stance that union government would take on the issue, given the complexities involved, he said.
he said the state was aware that the centre would come out with the most appropriate diplomatic and geo- political stance in this regard taking into consideration all aspects and put in place a robust mechanism for addressing all the concerns.
vijayan also wanted the indian embassy in doha to be suitably empowered to respond presciently to the concerns of the indian community in the country.
the letters were written in the backdrop of saudi arabia, egypt, bahrain and the united arab emirates severing diplomatic ties with qatar, as tensions escalated in the region over accusations that doha backed militant groups.
prime minister of india narendra modi waves following a joint statement to the press with mexican president enrique pena nieto, in los pinos presidential residence in mexico city.
|apnew delhi: in an indication that prime minister narendra modi may travel to pakistan to attend the south asian association for regional cooperation (saarc) summit scheduled in november, indian envoy to islamabad said that the prime minister was looking forward to visit the neighbour in the west.
a few high-placed sources indicated that modi would like to take on arch rival nawaz sharif on his home turf, a first after islamabad started its tirade against new delhi on the issue of kashmir.
>>indian envoy jumps gun on pm's pakistan tripi cant say about the future, but as of today prime minister modi is looking forward to visiting islamabad for the saarc summit in november, pakistan daily dawn quoted bambawale as saying at an interactive session of the karachi council on foreign relations.
he also said while india and pakistan must certainly discuss the entire range of issues, they must keep their focus on economy which he described as a low-hanging fruit.
his comments came amid reports that modi might keep away from the saarc summit in view of the rising tensions between india and pakistan, particularly over jammu and kashmir.
bambawale said it was indias desire to see a pakistan which was moderate, prosperous and stable and at peace with itself, its neighbours as well as the rest of the world.
however, mea spokesperson vikas swarup said it was too early to comment on whether modi would attend the summit or not.
decisions and announcements of such nature are not made so far in advance, indias swarup tweeted.
bambawale admitted that trust and confidence was lacking in relations between new delhi and islamabad, but said the road to normalisation of pakistan-india relations lay only through greater trade and business, the roadmap for which was prepared by the two governments in 2012.
the total trade between the two countries was worth just $2.
5 billion a year while its potential was of $20 billion, the dawn quoted him as saying.
the indian envoy said even when tensions were high between the two countries, there had been contacts at the operational level.
over the past month and a half, there had been cordial interactions between pakistani and indian border forces.
bambawale referred to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs and modis visits to islamabad and lahore respectively in december last year.
but on january 2 this year, terrorists  who india says came from pakistan  attacked the pathankot indian air force base.
meanwhile, in a snub, karachi chamber of commerce on tuesday cancelled an event of bambawale at the last minute apparently over his remarks on pakistans interference in kashmir.
bambawale was told about the cancellation just half an hour before the event, invite for which was received and accepted by him a couple of weeks ago, sources said.
by express news servicehyderabad: the city-based woman, who was stranded at amman airport in jordan due to her expired passport, returned home early thursday morning.
buoyed by her return, the womans family appreciated the quick response and action taken by external affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
according to her brother mohd farooq ali, 57-year-old sabiha mohammed fazal ali was married to yemeni national yahiya hadi ahmed, and was living in dar al-hajar in yemen since 2006.
though her passport had expired in october 2016, she was unable to renew it due to the conflict situation in yemen, he said.
when she planned to return to hyderabad, she was told by the travel agents that she could still travel with her expired passport.
she even boarded a flight from aden international airport in jeddah, yemen on april 16.
however, she was detained at amman in jordan.
when she got off her flight at the amman airport to take the connecting flight for hyderabad, she was stopped by the airport authorities because of her expired passport, the brother said.
farooq stated that the ministry of external affairs had responded to his call for help within hours.
he expressed his gratitude to the minister for her quick response.
new delhi: asserting that it wishes to have good neighbourly relations with pakistan, the government today said it remained in touch with it through bilateral diplomatic channels, including addressing all urgent humanitarian even after cancellation of foreign secretary-level talks as agreed in december 2015.
she also noted that the government's diplomatic efforts in the wake of pathankot and uri attacks led to widespread recognition internationally that pakistan's policy to sponsor and support terrorism against its neighbours posed the biggest challenge to peace and stability in the region and beyond.
she, however, added that during this period, the governments of india and pakistan remained in touch through bilateral diplomatic channels, including for addressing all urgent humanitarian and other matters concerning people-to- people ties.
by ptinew delhi: weeks after alleged agustawestland chopper deal middleman christian michel was extradited to india from the uae, the gulf country's envoy here said due to the closeness in security ties sometimes things that do not happen in a year, are done in one day.
uae ambassador to india ahmed al banna, at a press conference here, said the two countries have a robust security collaboration and have signed an agreement for it as well.
asked how the extradition of michel was done within days after he had said in new delhi that the process may take time, al banna said: the very important strategic ties and the personal touch in the relationship.
that sometimes makes things, that don't happen in one year, happen in one day.
michel, 57, was brought to india in december following his extradition by the united arab emirates (uae) in connection with the chopper deal case.
he is one of the three middlemen -- the two others guido haschke and carlo gerosa -- being probed by the cbi and the enforcement directorate in the case.
michel has denied the charges.
the uae envoy, in his remarks, asserted that india-uae bilateral relations were at its peak with several high-level visits from both sides reflecting the closeness in ties.
asked pakistan and the uae signing a usd 3 billion bailout package and its impact on ties with india, al banna said: our relationship with india is not determined by our relationship with anybody else.
india's relationship with the uae is also not determined by their relationship with anybody else.
we evaluate our relationship on our dealings.
on the upgradation of the bilateral air services agreement, he said there were some hiccups and lobbying from indian carriers, but asserted that the ultimate goal was public benefit.
he said that the understanding reached during talks when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visited the uae last month was that there will be a new ground of negotiations very soon.
asked why uae president sheikh khalifa bin zayed al nahyan had not visited india, the envoy said he was not in good health, but stressed that india inviting the crown prince to be chief guest in 2017 had shown the importance attached to ties.
new delhi: after a year of strained relations, india and nepal decided to seal the new upturn in bilateral ties with three pacts including an agreement to upgrade the road network in nepals terai region and another extending a new line of credit of $750 million for post-earthquake reconstruction in the himalayan country.
we share our burden during difficult times, just as we celebrate each others achievements, prime minister narendra modi said addressing a joint press conference with new nepalese prime minister pushpa kamal dahal prachanda after the agreements were inked.
we have agreed to showcase our shared buddhist heritage, and focus on the development of ayurveda and other traditional systems of medicine, modi added.
foreign secretary s jaishankar, later addressing a press conference, said that discussions on two railway lines between the two countries have also been expedited.
the railway lines would be a shot in the arm for a buddhist circuit between the two countries.
india has been hoping that the new nepal constitution would consider the aspirations of the madhesis as well.
talking about his meeting with the former chief of the maoist forces which waged armed rebellion against nepal government, modi said, you have been a catalytic force of peace in nepal.
i am confident that under your wise leadership, nepal will successfully implement the constitution through inclusive dialogue accommodating the aspirations of all sections of your diverse society.
on thursday, the nepalese government, while reiterating that the constitution-making process was an internal issue, said that india had never been prescriptive.
addressing the nepalese diaspora at an event, prachanda, who also met president pranab mukherjee and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, said the top focus of the new dispensation led by him was to create the right atmosphere before implementing the constitution and paving the way for necessary amendments.
till the time we dont take the tharus, madhesis and janjatis into confidence and address their legitimate demands, the atmosphere cannot be created for implementation of the new constitution, said the nepal pm, who arrived here on thursday on a four-day visit.
new delhi: india underlined its claim over territories of jammu and kashmir under pakistani occupation on wednesday amid moves by islamabad to declare gilgit-baltistan as a new province.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj asserted in the lok sabha on wednesday that it would be wrong to think that india will let go of any part of its territory.
she made the statement after bjd leader bhartruhari mahtab asked if the government has even properly responded to pakistans move to make gilgit-baltistan its fifth province.
he asked the government to not forget history or it will be condemned to repeat it.
even raising a doubt over this government that it will let go of some area will be wrong, the minister added.
she noted that both houses of parliament had passed resolutions which had reiterated indias claim over pakistan-occupied kashmir and gilgit-baltistan and the government was bound by it.
we are bound by parliaments resolutions and also our resolve, she said.
the minister also responded to the allegations of african heads of mission that the recent attack on nigerian nationals in greater noida was racial.
she said all attacks on africans in india or on indians in united states cannot be called xenophobic and racial in nature.
taking strong objection to the remarks, she said the government is committed to their safety.
racial crimes are pre-planned, which was not the case with the recent attack on african students by a mob in greater noida.
its not right to connect with racism before the probe ends.
i said this in the context of attacks in us too.
you cant say our steps are inadequate.
she said.
swarajs response came days after the attack on four nigerian students in greater noida, some 40 km from the national capital, following protests over the death of a class xii student of a residential colony there due to drug overdose.
the locals who were holding a candle-light vigil for the student had attacked the nigerians suspecting them of drug-running.
by ptijaipur: congress president rahul gandhi saturday asked prime minister narendra modi what kind of hindu he is as he does not understand the foundation of hinduism, prompting a strong retort from senior bjp leaders.
what is the essence of hinduism?
what does the gita say?
that knowledge is with everybody.
knowledge is all around you.
every living being has knowledge, he said at an interactive session in udaipur in rajasthan.
our prime minister says he is a hindu, but he doesn't understand (the) foundation of hinduism.
what kind of a hindu is he, the congress chief went on to say.
hitting back, bjp president amit shah said, the congress is now preaching us about hinduism.
they are giving us lessons of gita.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also reacted sharply saying she wishes the day won't come when people have to learn the meaning of hinduism from gandhi.
she said the congress president himself and the party are confused about his religion and caste.
the congress claimed that rahul gandhi is a hindu who wears a brahminical thread, but i did not know he is so rich in knowledge that now he will teach us the meaning of hinduism.
i wish the day won't come when we have to learn meaning of being a hindu from rahul gandhi, she told reporters here.
keeping up the high voltage battle between the congress and the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) in rajasthan ahead of the december 7 assembly polls in the state, rahul gandhi on saturday attacked prime minister narendra modi saying, what kind of a hindu is he?
gandhi was speaking at an event in udaipur, where he said, there is confusion in the pms mind.
he is convinced that he knows better than the army when it comes to army matters, better than the foreign minister with regard to the foreign affairs .
.
.
because he has a false sense that he knows everything.
.
.
rahul said.
bringing up the topic of hinduism, rahul hit out at the pm saying he doesnt know the essence of the religion.
what does the gita say?
that knowledge is with everybody, knowledge is all around you!
every living being has knowledge.
our pm says he is a hindu but he doesnt understand the foundation ofhinduism.
what kind of a hindu is he, rahul questioned?
swaraj was quick to respond to rahuls attack.
a statement came that he [rahul] was a janeudhaari brahmin.
but i did not know that the knowledge of the janeudhaari brahmin increased so much.
.
.
god forbid that day when we need to understand hinduism from rahul gandhi, she said while attending an event in jaipur.
bank npasrahul also criticised modi on the rise of non performing assets across the countrys banks and accused the government of waiving off the loans of big businessmen.
he also attacked the demonetisation move alleging that it was a scam to break the small industries.
by ptidubai: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will co-chair the 12th session of the india-uae joint commission meeting for economic and technical cooperation with her counterpart sheikh abdullah bin zayed al nahyan in abu dhabi during her official visit to the gulf country from december 3-4.
with nearly usd 50 billion bilateral trade, the two countries are one of the largest trade partners for each other and have made robust investments bilaterally.
the uae is the sixth-largest source of indian oil imports and hosts a 3.
3 million-strong indian community.
we look forward to the visit of the external affairs minister to abu dhabi to co-chair the india-uae joint commission, india's ambassador to the uae, navdeep singh suri, said.
suri said the minister's visit is an important opportunity to continue the bilateral dialogue at the highest levels of government, to share views on major regional and global issues and to give a further boost to our comprehensive strategic partnership.
such high-level visit helps in adding a new building block in areas like energy and food security, economy, defense and much else, he said.
meanwhile, the external affairs ministry has said that with the exchange of visits at the highest-level in the recent past, the bilateral relationship has been elevated to a comprehensive strategic partnership.
along with the uae foreign minister, swaraj would inaugurate a gandhi-zayed digital museum in abu dhabi to mark the celebrations of 150 years of mahatma gandhi's birth and centenary celebrations of the birth of shaikh zayed, founder of the modern uae.
she would also interact with the indian community in abu dhabi.
by ptilahore: pakistan has no immediate plans to grant most favoured nation (mfn) status to india, a senior aide to prime minister imran khan has said, amid the chill in bilateral ties.
asked whether the government was considering granting mfn status to india and that prime minister khan was keen to hold peace talks with the indian government, adviser to the prime minister for commerce, textile, industry and investments, abdul razak dawood said, no such plans at the moment.
at present we have no immediate plans to grant mfn status to india, he said here at an event on tuesday.
however, he said pakistan is working out free trade agreements with different countries, especially china, and hopes to complete the second fta with china by june, 2019.
pakistan is yet to award the mfn status to india and it maintains a negative list of 1,209 items which are not permitted to be imported from india.
as per a world trade organisation rule, every member of wto is required to accord this status to other member countries.
also read | pakistan can't handle own provinces, doesn't need kashmir: shahid afridi's comment sparks twitter stormindia has already granted this status to all wto members, including pakistan.
under the mfn status, a wto member country is obliged to treat other trading nations in a non-discriminatory manner, especially with regard to customs duty and other levies, but pakistan is yet to transition fully to mfn status for india.
pakistan allows only 137 products to be exported from india through the wagah border land route.
bilateral trade between the two countries stood at usd 2.
28 billion in 2016-17.
india mainly exports cotton, dyes, chemicals, vegetables and iron and steel to pakistan while it imports fruits, cement, leather, chemicals and spices.
india-pakistan relations have nose-dived in recent years with no bilateral talks taking place.
also read | infiltration bid foiled along loc in jammu, armed pakistan intruder killedties between the two countries had been strained after terror attacks by pakistan-based groups in 2016.
the sentencing of indian national kulbhushan jadhav to death by a pakistani military court over espionage charges last year further dented relations.
in september, india cancelled a planned meeting in new york between the two foreign ministers which was dubbed as arrogant by prime minister khan who said he was disappointed by new delhi's negative response.
india cited the brutal killing of three policemen in jammu and kashmir as well as pakistan's release of postal stamps glorifying slain kashmiri militant burhan wani for calling off the meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her pakistani counterpart shah mehmood qureshi on the sidelines of the un general assembly (unga).
london: priti patel, britain's senior-most indian-origin minister, has vowed to champion the interests of the indian diaspora and work for strengthening the indo-uk ties as she received her 'pravasi bharatiya samman' at a ceremony here.
the minister for international development had been conferred the honour by president pranab mukherjee in january.
the award is the highest honour conferred on overseas indians and patel has been awarded for her exceptional contribution to national and international politics, her role in strengthening uk-india relations, and for supporting the indian diaspora in the uk.
it is a tremendous honour and privilege to be given the pravasi bharatiya samman award.
this is one of the highest honours a member of the indian diaspora can receive and i am humbled and grateful to have been given this award, patel said while receiving the award from indian high commissioner to the uk y k sinha at the indian high commission here.
i have had the pleasure of working closely with so many members of the diaspora here in the uk and with the indian government over a number of years.
the relationship between our two great countries is getting stronger by the day as we trade more and share more cultural ties, the 44-year-old conservative leader said.
the indian diaspora in the uk are fantastic at keeping this relationship strong and work hard every day to support the uk and india reach our potential, she noted.
patel expressed her personal gratitude to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, describing her as a remarkable lady who is very supportive of the diaspora.
this great award serves as an inspiration to me to carry on standing up and championing the interests of the diaspora and working to strengthen the uk's relationship with india, said patel, who also credited former british prime minister david cameron for appointing her as the first-ever indian diaspora champion in the previous uk cabinet.
the indian high commissioner described the conservative party mp as an important friend of india.
we are very proud that someone of indian-origin has achieved the eminence that she has in the uk, sinha said.
the pravasi bharatiya samman has presented annually at the pravasi bharatiya divas, held in bengaluru this year.
other 2017 awardees included nisha desai biswal, the former us assistant secretary of state, and portuguese prime minister antonio luis santos da costa.
i have received the report from our consulate in san francisco.
the victim mubeen ahmed works at a gas station.
a gunman demanded money from mubeen and then fired at him, she tweeted.
he is admitted in the eden medical centre ca.
fortunately mubeen is now out of danger.
we are following up the case with the police, she said.
according to reports, 26-year-old ahmed, a native of telangana, had gone to the united states in february 2015, to pursue his masters course in a university.
he had completed the course two months ago and was doing a temporary job at a private store.
we took up the matter with canadian high commission.
i am happy you will participate in the yonex canada open,swaraj tweeted after badminton player sikki reddy said the players were struggling to get a canadian visa.
hi mam, this is sikki reddy badminton player.
we all players have applied canada visa for the yonex canada open, reddy had tweeted yesterday.
new delhi: the issue of tricolour doormats and slippers sold by online shopping portal amazon had its echo in the rajya sabha today with members raising concern over the matter and the government saying that action has been taken and these have had their desired effect.
members asked whether the government could impose a ban on sale of such products so that national emblems are not besmirched, whether there were provisions to stop insult to religious sentiments and if the government contemplated action against such e-commerce platforms.
minister of state for external affairs m j akbar said such things cannot be controlled as there is no international treaty on this, but confirmed action under two laws enacted in 1950 and 1971 to protect dishonouring of national emblems.
the incident occurred in two nations, canada and united states.
as soon as we got to know, our missions in ottawa and washington raised the issue at the highest possible level in every possible manner.
the issue went up to the owner, the person who runs amazon, jeff bezos.
action was taken by amazon and i think at this moment, we can be assured that this would not be repeated.
they (amazon) have written to us as well, he said.
on whether such things can be controlled in future, he said, there is no international treaty on this.
akbar, however, said, a law was enacted in 1950 and another in 1971 to protect exactly those problems that have now come up.
we as a government do our utmost to see that our national honour and sentiments are not besmirched in any way and i hope that our efforts will yield results, he said.
the minister said, we take every possible recourse within our means and legal framework to check such things.
the actions we have taken have had the desired result.
the issue of amazon selling tricolour doormats and slippers on its websites had irked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had said such things were unacceptable and had threatened amazon management of rescinding visas to its officials if they did not stop such sales.
by ptibishkek: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday met her chinese counterpart wang yi on the sidelines of a multilateral meeting here and discussed issues of bilateral interest, including the implementation of understanding reached during last year's wuhan summit.
swaraj arrived here on tuesday to attend the shanghai cooperation organisation council (sco) of foreign ministers here in the kyrgyz capital.
the april 27-28 wuhan summit between prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping was largely credited to have turned around the bilateral relations soured by the 73-day-long doklam standoff, triggered by chinese troops attempts to build a road close to indian border in an area also claimed by bhutan in 2017.
continuing the momentum of high-level exchangeseam @sushmaswaraj met foreign minister of china wang yi on the sidelines of #sco foreign minister's meeting in bishkek.
discussed issues of bilateral interest, including implementation of understanding reached during wuhan summit.
pic.
twitter.com/apfo2sev9d raveesh kumar (@meaindia) may 22, 2019india had objected to it as it came close to a key highway connecting with north eastern states.
the standoff ended after chinese troops halted plans to build the road.
after the wuhan summit, both the countries stepped up efforts to improve relations on different spheres including the military-to-military ties.
modi and xi issued strategic guidance to their militaries to strengthen communications to build trust and understanding, a move aimed at avoiding a doklam-like situation in the future.
meanwhile, state-run chinese news agency xinhua reported that wang congratulated swaraj for successful conclusion of the general elections in india and expressed hope that the new government would further the development of sino-indian relations.
the 2019 general election in india was held in seven phases from april 11 to may 19.
the results will be declared on thursday.
wang told swaraj that china hopes that india will set up a new government on schedule, and that both sides achieve a smooth transition and further development of bilateral relations, the report said.
the chinese leader also expressed hoped to initiate bilateral dialogue mechanisms as soon as possible, maintain peace and stability at the border region, and together celebrate the 70th anniversary of the diplomatic ties between the two nations in 2020.
external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj holds delegation level meeting with china's foreign minister wang yi in bishkek, kyrgyzstan.
pic.
twitter.com/cx9g05zmra ani (@ani) may 22, 2019india is willing to work with china to implement the key consensuses reached by leaders of both countries, strengthen communication and coordination, enhance people-to-people exchanges, and jointly safeguard peace at the border region, so as to promote the development of bilateral relations, she said.
prime minister narendra modi with his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina and west bengal cm mamata banerjee flagging off an indo-bangladesh train service at hyderabad house in new delhi on saturday.
| ptinew delhi: bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina, who is on a four-day-long state visit to india, has brought with her gifts for the indian leadership, including the president and the prime minister.
prime minister hasina has brought a panjabi pair of silk pyjamas, artworks, a dinner set, a leather bag set, four kilogram of kalojam and rosgolla, two kilogram sandesh, 20 kilogram of hilsa and two kilograms of yogurt for indian president pranab mukherjee.
bangladesh foreign ministry sources were quoted by the daily star as saying that there was also a silk sari as gift for the indian president's daughter sharmistha mukherjee.
she would also be presenting a dinner set, a leather bag, two kilograms of rosgolla and kalojam and one kilogram of sandesh to indian vice president mohammad hamid ansari.
prime minister hasina will give her indian counterpart narendra modi, a leather office bag set, four kilograms of kalojam and rosgolla, two kilograms of sandesh and four kilograms of yogurt.
she has also bought a rajshahi silk sari for prime minister narendra modis mother.
prime minister hasina will gift a a rajshahi silk sari, a tea set, two kilograms of rosgolla and kalojam, one kilogram of sandesh and two kilograms of yogurt to indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
she would give west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee a benarasi sari, two kilograms of rosgolla and kalojam, one kilogram of sandesh and two kilograms of yogurt.
prime minister hasina will be presenting a silver boat each for indian finance minister arun jaitley, state minister for external affairs vijay kumar singh and state minister for heavy industries and public enterprises babul supriyo.
prime minister hasina arrived in new delhi on friday to kickstart her four-day state visit to the country.
prime minister narendra modi received his bangladeshi counterpart at the technical area of palam airport.
delighted to welcome h.e. sheikh hasina, the prime minister of bangladesh, on her state visit to india.
pm sheikh hasina and i are determined to take the relationship between our nations to a new level, prime minister tweeted.
officials from prime minister hasina's entourage took selfies with prime minister modi.
the two leaders are expected to hold official talks on a range of issues including an inter-governmental agreement on civil nuclear energy.
according to the dhaka tribune, india and bangladesh may sign around 33 deals and memorandums of understanding (mous) on trade and commerce, economy and connectivity, and on defence related issues.
